Chapter 1069:


Chapter 1084, Dragon Emperor corpse



Evidently, in the eyes of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, among these eight intruders, there was only Ye Qingyu. As for the others... they were unable to withstand a single blow.

“Let’s just battle.” Ye Qingyu erupted with killing intent. “Whether alive or dead, you will know after the battle. Since you murdered Mister Ren Puyang, then even if you hide in the underworld, I will come find you to kill you.”

“Ren Puyang had just helped you a few times, is he worth you fighting to the death for him?” The voice of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor was condescending and contained unmatched majesty. “In this vast world, there aren’t many that I pay attention to. If you’re willing to surrender to me, I can give you eternal life.”

“Eternal life?” Ye Qingyu smiled mockingly. “This is the reason why you gave up the glory of the past and fell to the demonic side?”

“Not give up, but picked up.” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor said in an incomparably firm voice, “I have been enlightened. I have found the right way. The glory of the past is just as fleeting as passing clouds, only eternal life is the most important.”

“How outstanding was the former Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, his power shook the Vast Thousand Domains. At the mention of the name everybody would put their thumbs up and praise incessantly. The Dragon Human Race saw you as a God. That is the real right way. In my eyes, the you today is just a body occupied by the forces of darkness, a walking corpse.” Ye Qingyu said regretfully, “The you today had been defeated by death.”

“Haha, young man, you have never died before, so you do not know the terror of death. The feeling of sleeping in that cold coffin, quietly waiting for the end of life, you have not tasted this before. This is why you will have such childish self-righteous thoughts.” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor was not angered at all. “Given your martial arts cultivation base, you may live for tens of thousands of years, live a long life. It is an enviable age for many, like how I once was, but even in tens of thousands of years, there is still a day you will be exhausted. At that time you will not say such a thing so vehemently.”

Ye Qingyu instinctively opened his mouth to refute, but then he suddenly gave up.

Firstly it was because he really had not tasted the death that the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor had mentioned, and secondly at this moment it was simply not beneficial to say anything more. He did not come here to debate.

“Why did you murder Mister Ren Puyang?” Ye Qingyu asked.

“Oh, Ren Puyang, he is also remarkable. Unfortunately, he had to investigate things that should not be known. If it were you, would you move away the rock that is blocking your path?”

“Then let's fight.” Ye Qingyu looked incomparably determined.

Around his body were pieces of snowflakes fluttering in the Void, like white spirits. The temperature had plunged at a terrifying speed, and in the air were strange sounds of ice crystals condensing. There were more and more snowflakes gathering around, and in the blink of an eye, the whole Dragon cave was snowing heavily.

“Those who submit to me will prosper, those who oppose me shall perish.” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor shook his head. “You refused my kindness, I will sever you apart and use your body to refine into the best puppet... Kill!”

Before his voice died away.

Countless masses of black fog gushed out from the huge pyramid tombs, turning into hundreds of Dragon Human shadow figures in midair. They dived down rapidly with a shrill and soul-shaking hiss in the direction of Ye Qingyu and others.

“Block them,” the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor commanded.

The six Great Saint experts of the Dragon Human Race behind him immediately flashed out, trying to block the misty figures.

The thoughts of the Dragon Human Emperor were very simple, soldiers should go against soldiers, generals against generals. He did not want Ye Qingyu to waste yuan qi with these misty shadows, but to deal with the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor in his best state.

In the Void, there were silver flowing lights flashing.

Before the hundreds of shadow figures neared, they were directly shattered by the ice crystal snowflakes in the Void, dissipated into wisps of black fog and disappeared.

“Step back and prepare to protect yourself.”

Ye Qingyu said to the Dragon Human Emperor and the others.

Although the strength of Great Saint experts was unmatched, but in this level of fighting, they could become cannon fodder with the slightest carelessness. It was impossible for them to sway the outcome of the battle, but instead may become a liability. It would be better for them to protect themselves.

“But...” The Dragon Human Emperor wanted to say something.

Ye Qingyu waved his hand, “Follow the plan we discussed before, the other things leave it to me.”

His figure rose step by step, as if he was stepping on the stone steps, and in a flash he was hundreds of meters away from the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor. Standing opposite him, he was displaying his power to its full extent, like a silver moon, accompanied by snowflakes. The silver light was dancing and flowing beautifully, which, against Ye Qingyu’s white robe, made him look ethereal, like an Immortal.

“Come, I don't think you're going to say the real reason for murdering Mister Ren Puyang. After I kill you, I will have a way to know.” Ye Qingyu directly summoned out the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill], transforming it into a blood-coloured ice-striped sword, with the tip pointing at the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor.

“You don't deserve to be my opponent, win against my battle puppets first.” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor slowly drew back, dissipating over the golden black pyramid.

At the same time, there were wisps of black flames rising from the pyramid tombs, turning into eight purple-golden armor-clad Dragon Human figures. Each figure was wearing a crown and dressed in Emperor's clothing. The facial features of each figure were extremely lifeless, as though carved from jade, without the slightest life force. It turned out they were all corpses, not only that but corpses from the ancient times.

Their bodies were all surging with terrifying dark forces.

It was this dark force that powered the corpses.

“Grand Emperor Mingren, Grand Emperor Zhaoli, Grand Emperor Qinche...” The Dragon Human Emperor trembled upon seeing the sight.

Because these corpses that had been corroded and controlled by the dark forces were past Emperors of the Dragon Human Race. The incomparably respected Emperors of the Dragon Human Race had been refined into battle corpses. In particular, Grand Emperor Mingren was the biological father of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, yet was also refined into a battle corpse.

It was just insane.

“Granduncle, how could you have done this, you... you betrayed the Dragon Human Race.” The Dragon Human Emperor was infuriated, “You're also the Emperor of the Dragon Human Race, why did you do this?”

However, the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor did not respond to the descendant at all.

“Kill!”

The sound of rusty iron being rubbed against each other sounded from the Dragon Human Emperor corpses, and then they instantly charged toward Ye Qingyu.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Ye Qingyu held the sword in his right hand, and curled his left hand into a fist.

The [Great Light Dragon Punch] was launched out.

The Dragon Human Emperor corpses were sent flying away.

But they were just sent flying away.

How terrifying was the power of the [Great Light Dragon Punch], which could crush Great Saint experts in an instant, but the eight Dragon Human Emperor corpses, who had forcibly withstood the power of the fist, were only sent flying hundreds of meters. Their armour was crushed, leaked out black mist from their haggard body, but without the slightest injury.

“Kill!”

A mechanical and cold voice sounded.

The Dragon Human Emperor's corpses came charging over again.

Ye Qingyu’s face darkened, and the [Blood Drinker Sword] drew a light arc.

Ding!

A clang of metal meeting metal resounded.

“Huh? Can’t break it?” Ye Qingyu drew back, evading the attack of the Dragon Human Emperor corpses.

The sharpness of the [Blood Drinker Sword] still couldn’t break the corpses?

Something was not right; something was strange.

Even Immortal gold material could not withstand the strike of the [Blood Drinker Sword]. These Dragon Human Emperor corpses were dead corpses, thus no matter how terrifying their strength was before, no matter how they were strengthened by the dark forces, they shouldn’t had managed to block the attack of the [Blood Drinker Sword].

Ding! Ding! Ding!

Sparks spurted in all directions.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] repeatedly clashed against the Dragon Human Emperor corpses, producing a cluster of sparks, as though it was forging ironware. The sound was deafening, but the sword light only left white marks on the Dragon Human Emperor corpses, and couldn’t break the skin in the slightest.

Ye Qingyu observed carefully and found some clues.

As the sword light stood above the Dragon Human Emperor corpses, the surface of their skin suddenly emitted a pale yellow glow, which counteracted the majority of the power of the [Blood Drinker Sword].

This... the qi of the Emperor.

Ye Qingyu looked deep in thought.

The qi of the Emperor was incomparably mysterious, containing a divine power that even some martial arts yuan qi and even the power of the law could not match up to, because it was carrying the power of worship and belief of all beings in Heaven and earth.

These Dragon Human Emperor corpses were born as the Emperors of the Dragon Human Race, and had received the worship and belief of all people. They were the Emperor of the common people. Their bodies contained the imperial qi. It was because of this reason that the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor had been lurking in the Dragon cave mausoleum, refining the bodies of these past emperors into dark battle puppets.

Therefore these Dragon Human Emperor corpses were simply almost invincible.

The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor really was terrifying.

At the same time, there were howls echoing around the dragon cavern space like the mournful screams of the dead. Black misty shadows appeared, as if the Dragon Human experts that were buried in the Dragon cave mausoleum had been resurrected, and were charging toward the Dragon Human Emperor and the others.

“Block them.”

The Dragon Human Emperor roared, his dragon robe erupted out with infinite light that formed into a light barrier, obstructing the misty shadows, “Look for a location to bury the dragon imprisonment wood in order to sever the dragon qi and imperial qi.”

The six Great Saint experts of the Dragon Human Race all summoned out protective weapons, turned into streams of light, and scattered around the Dragon cave.

The plan they discussed before was that, Ye Qingyu would block the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, while the Dragon Human Emperor and others would bury the dragon imprisonment wood in the Dragon cave to restrain and cut off the dragon qi and imperial qi. By doing so it would reduce the power of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor and change the Feng Shui energy of the Dragon cave.

“It ends here.”

Ye Qingyu bellowed. The [Blood Drinker Sword] was flowing with the purple qi of Quasi-emperor Mushan, and with the slash of this sword, the sword light transformed into eight parts, each containing indescribable profound mystery.

Chi!Chi!Chi！

In the midst of the gentle noise, the eight Dragon Human Emperor corpses were destroyed, splitting into two.

The power of a Quasi-emperor was after all, unmatched.

“Come out to battle.” Ye Qingyu's figure, like a stream of light, was diving down towards the huge black gold pyramid with the imposing manner of an Immortal to force the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor out.

“Hahahaha...” The icy cold laughter of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor sounded. “Childish, do you think you have won? I obviously have more than this.”





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1070:


Chapter 1085, Life sword

The sound of the air being pieced could be heard behind him.

Ye Qingyu spun around only to see that the eight Dragon Human Emperor corpses had unexpectedly recovered. There was not the slightest injury or damage on them, like torn puppets were re-stitched. They were flowing all over with black energy as they charged over once again.

En?

Ye Qingyu was a little shocked.

They could be restored even after being severed by the power of a Quasi-emperor?

The qi of the emperor had such power?

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Ye Qingyu was in a state of being besieged.

“No wonder the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor had painstakingly tried to occupy the Dragon cave mausoleum. It seems that this place has great significance to him...” Ye Qingyu thought to himself, activating the qi of Quasi-emperor Mushan once again and slashed out again.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Endless sword light engulfed the eight Dragon Human Emperor corpses like stormy winds, before the storm of blades shredded them into fine powder.

The fragments of corpses were fluttering in the space of the Dragon cave.

Ye Qingyu withdrew his sword, but his expression did not relax.

Because he could sense that, although the Dragon Human Emperor corpses had been destroyed, the eight tyrannical forces had not dispersed and still existed.

“Gather!”

The voice of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor sounded.

The next moment the fluttering corpse debris that filled the sky, like grains of sand, were gathered together again, forming the eight Dragon Human Emperor corpses, and were in no way different from before, even their battle strength and aura was not reduced in the slightest.

“Kill!”

A cold, mechanical voice was emitted from the Dragon Human Emperor corpses.

The battle resumed.

These Dragon Human Emperor corpse battle puppets were indestructible, even with Quasi-emperor Mushan's imperial qi. It was a little hard to believe.

“Can the imperial qi resist the laws of a Quasi-emperor?”

Ye Qingyu came to realize that the situation was a little problematic.

“Fire!”

As he roared, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] came rotating out, spewing clusters of red flames that enveloped the eight Dragon Human Emperor corpses. It was the [Red Lotus Hellfire]. Ye Qingyu was attempting to use this fierce fire, which could incinerate all materials in the world, to completely burn the Dragon Human Emperor corpses.

However, his expression quickly changed.

Because the Dragon Human Emperor corpses that the [Red Lotus Hellfire] had enveloped were not damaged in the slightest, and were completely unaffected as though it was just a gust of spring breeze. They, as before, were frantically charging towards him.

“What's going on?”

Ye Qingyu found that the [Red Lotus Hellfire] did not have the slightest effect on the Dragon Human Emperor corpses, which made him incredibly shocked and a little puzzled.

“Haha, the [Red Lotus Hellfire] claims to burn all karma. The beings on this world are all contaminated with karma, thus it can naturally burn everything. But these corpses are dead, and on the road of death, karma will dissipate. Therefore, how could the [Red Lotus Hellfire] incinerate them?” the voice of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor sounded, a hint of ridicule in his voice.

Understanding dawned on Ye Qingyu's face.

He knew that he had made a mistake.

The karma of fire incinerates karma, but these corpses were dead and thus karma had dissipated.

Ye Qingyu realized that the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor knew a lot about him, including the fact that he had mastered the flame of karma, and thus was well prepared. Everything in the Dragon cave had a restraining effect on him.

“Since it can't be destroyed, then I'll take it back and think again.”

Ye Qingyu operated the secret technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters, sending the [Cloud Top Cauldron] rotating out and releasing endless suction force, which shrouded the eight Dragon Human Emperor corpses and was about to drag them in.

“Roar!”

One of the Dragon Human Emperor corpses produced a beast-like roar, struggling desperately. There was bright yellow imperial qi flowing around his body to withstand against the suction force of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

It was the same with the other Dragon Human Emperor corpses.

“Draw them in!” Ye Qingyu bellowed, operating the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to its peak strength.

In the cauldron, bright yellow aura was flowing around, and wisps of bright yellow rope-like mists were seeping out to tightly wrap around the eight ancient corpses in an attempt to drag them in.

“Hey?”

In the Void the astonished voice of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor could be heard.

And at the same time——

Swoosh!

A Dragon Human Emperor body figure that had turned into a stream of light, was inhaled into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

It was another three ear piercing sounds.

Another three Dragon Human Emperor corpses were forcibly pulled into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Swoosh!

A stream of light flashed.

Ye Qingyu sensed danger, and activated the Divine Emperor sword will to protect his body in the first instance. The sword light, like a cauldron, fully enveloped his body.

The next moment, a terrifying power descended.

Boom!

Ye Qingyu was directly blasted out hundreds of meters, spewing out blood at the same time.

He was wounded.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] had protected its master right away, abandoning the other four Dragon Human Emperor corpses, suspended above the head of Ye Qingyu, releasing rays of bright yellow light that shielded Ye Qingyu.

And almost at the same time, hundreds of terrifying forces bombarded the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Ye Qingyu's face went pale, desperately operating his yuan qi to remove the strange force that had penetrated his body.

The figure of the Taihu Dragon Emperor appeared in the distant Void.

Just now it was his sneak attack that had severely wounded Ye Qingyu.

This existence was the most terrifying enemy that Ye Qingyu had ever encountered. His strength was too powerful, several times more terrifying than Wei Wubing and Zhang Wuxin, also infinitely close to the Quasi-emperor realm, and beyond the imagination of Ye Qingyu.

This was a fearful enemy.

Opposite, the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor fixed his eyes on Ye Qingyu and then his gaze fell on the [Cloud Top Cauldron], looking surprised and puzzled, “You actually broke the imperial qi? And could block my attack like this? I have long heard about your cauldron. I thought that this treasure was just a rumour, who would have thought that... Ye Qingyu, what's the origin of your cauldron?”

Ye Qingyu drew a deep breath, inhaling the blood he spewed out into his mouth. His yuan qi was running smoothly, strength had recovered, and eyes blazed with battle intent. “The [Great Emperor Immortal Cauldron]!”

The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor was taken aback for a moment, then immediately sneered, “Hahahaha ridiculous! A legendary treasure like the [Great Emperor Immortal Cauldron]does not exist in this world, you want to bluff? I think this cauldron, at best, is just a pseudo-emperor weapon.”

“Yes and no, you will know soon. Since you have showed up, then let’s battle.” Ye Qingyu drew a deep breath. The [Cloud Top Cauldron] drifted away from his head and no longer guarded him. “You were unrivalled back then. Let me see, besides hiding in the darkness, what else do you have!”

The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor was taken aback for a moment, and then sneered, “Want to fight with me head-on? Well, a junior like you is worth dying in my hands... then I'll kill you myself.”

He turned his hand over.

A pyramid shot out a golden scepter-like halberd that was overflowing with colours, inlaid with six different gems, and each gem was flowing with a different, terrifying, energy.

“The [Six-sided Scepter Halberd]?”

The Dragon Human Emperor in the distance exclaimed.

It was the scepter of a noble sacred Emperor of the Dragonblood imperial court in the past, one of the ancestral weapons of the Dragon Human Race, and second only to the [Dragonblood Halberd]. After death, the sacred Emperor was kept warm in the mausoleum, and whenever the Dragon Human Race faced disaster the spiritual ancestral weapon would break out and kill the enemy. Unexpectedly, it was now in the hands of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, and had clearly been eroded by the dark forces.

The Dragon Human Emperor was enraged.

“[Soul Stealing Heaven Strike]... kill!”

The figure of Ye Qingyu turned into a stream of light, tthen directly made an attack.

In a flash he had already invaded the battle circle of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, and his sword, like a collapsed mountain, landed with a loud rumble.

The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor gave an arrogant smile, retaliated witha slash of the scepter-halberd.

Boom!

Terrifying power erupted, sweeping across.

“[Storm of Swords]!”

Ye Qingyu roared, a storm of ice blades filled the sky, and each sword contained the purple qi of Quasi-emperor Mushan. This was his most powerful strength.

“[Dragons Look Up].” Flames were blazing in the eyes of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor.

The scepter in his hand was like living creature, once its blue-green gem bloomed out the brightest brilliance. Together, it was as though a majestic blue-green divine dragon had appeared, looking up all of a sudden and punctured the sky with its dragon horn.

Boom!

The sword qi of ice and snow was instantly shattered by the dragon horn.

Even the purple qi of Quasi-emperor Mushan failed to destroy the dragon horn of the green-blue divine dragon.

This was because the moves of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor contained powerful imperial qi. He was once the Emperor of the Dragon Human Race, received the allegiance and worship of all people, and thus had naturally grasped the imperial qi. Moreover, his martial arts cultivation base had reached an earth-shattering level, and could convert the imperial qi into both attack and defensive force. Therefore, he was able to seriously injure Ye Qingyu during the sneak attack.

“The [Sword of Judgment]!”

Ye Qingyu's expression remained unchanged upon seeing this, inserting the [Blood Drinker Sword] into the ground.

A bright divine sword of thousands of meters in length fell from the sky, locked on the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, as if to extinguish this world. It was the killing move of the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General]. Given Ye Qingyu's current strength and that the move contained the Divine Emperor sword will, he absolutely had the power to kill Gods and destroy demons.

“Good!”

The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor praised, and then the scarlet red gem on the scepter-halberd was flashing. The green-blue dragon behind transformed into a fire dragon, covered with blazing flames all over, like the king of fire. It lifted its head skywards and let out a deafening roar.

“The [Dragon Swallows the Sun].”

He roared in a clear voice.

The fire dragon breathed out flames, then opened its mouth and inhaled.

The Great Light [Sword of Judgement] was swallowed into the stomach of this fire dragon, exploding into sparks, but the fire dragon also dimmed as a result, and almost dissipated.

Too moves from the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor had broken two moves from Ye Qingyu.

“[Life Sword Mantra]!”

Ye Qingyu launched out his third sword.

Rushing to attack and suppress had always been Ye Qingyu's fighting style. He would never give the initiative to the enemy. His every move was a killing move and he would never hold back. After the first two sword attacks, at this moment his spirit, body, and yuan qi were burning to their peak state, displaying a power beyond the Divine Emperor sword will.

In the [War God Sword Mantra], the [Human King Sword Mantra] was the foundation, considered as passing through the hall and into the inner chamber. The [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra] was perfect, considered as when the stove fire turns bright green. And the [Life Sword Mantra] was to break and stand again. It was the real peak. It originated from all these sword techniques, but it exceeded all these sword techniques.

Sword light erupted.

Mysterious and blurred.

The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor suddenly had a change of expression——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1071:


Chapter 1086, Reborn



“What kind of sword is this?”

The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor instinctively felt danger, and drew back in a hurry.

Retreating rapidly.

The sword light roared across the sky.

In a flash, the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor had already retreated thousands of meters away to above the largest black-gold pyramid. His figure was flickering indefinitely like an illusion, staring at Ye Qingyu in wide-eyed disbelief, “You... have mastered this power?”

Ye Qingyu didn't respond.

As early as the end of the great battle among the Quasi-emperors in the starry Void, Ye Qingyu had already brought the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra] to a state understood only by the Gods. He had reached the boundary of understanding of the true profound meaning of the [Life Sword Mantra], and then through the constant deduction of these days, had finally mastered the power of the [Life Sword Mantra].

“Kill your sword.”

Ye Qingyu soared, like he was treading on waves, moving closer to the great pyramid.

“Hmph, just mastered a little superficial power of belief.” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor soon calmed down. The one thing that could make him, who possessed the qi of the Emperor, feel threatened, was the power of belief. “You are nothing but a body, without occupying the throne, how much power of belief can you gather? If you had ascended the Emperor throne of the Heaven Wasteland Empire, then perhaps you may be luckily spared today, but now...”

The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor consciously pointed out the key point, but before he finished, there was an abrupt change of expression on his face.

Because a jet of blood had burst out from the wrist of his right hand.

Then, his whole right palm was broken.

The sword was too fast.

The sword was too divine.

So much so that he did not realize that his right hand was cut off.

How was that possible?

The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor did not feel that, given his present cultivation level, given the arrangement he planned out for today, he would still make such a mistake. How would he not know that he had suffered a sword wound? What was going on, the sword light just now... was there such swordsmanship in this world?

“Die.”

Ye Qingyu launched a sword strike again.

The sword light was blurred.

With the rise of the sword, power erupted.

The heavens and earth changed.

The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor’s expression changed, feeling the shadows of death descending again. He realized that this was an indefensible mysterious sword, and if he were to face it head-on he would only repeat the disaster before.

Retreat!

Retreat quickly!

Retreat rapidly!

He even transformed directly into nothingness, escaped into the huge black pyramid, in order to avoid the battle. Given his current state, there was no way he would personally take the risk. The so-called glory, brilliance, acute spirit and so on, had long been buried tens of thousands of years ago. Now he only wanted to not die. Since Ye Qingyu had made him feel danger, then he must immediately change his strategy and give up on a direct battle.

Sword light filled the sky, shattering the Void.

Ye Qingyu followed into the pyramid forest.

His mastery of the [Life Sword Mantra] was still very shallow, and could not be compared to his control of the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra]; therefore, the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor had managed to escape.

The moment he entered the pyramid forest, the scene before him changed immediately.

The Dragon cave, dragon tombs and everything had disappeared completely. The scene in sight had turned into a hot and boundless golden desert. The scorching sun, like flames, was roasting a large area of desert, heat waves rolling across, wind lifting the gravel, and sand dunes were like rushing waves.

Illusion?

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

When he entered the Dragon cave mausoleum, he had guessed that the so-called Dragon cave would be a small world of comprised of underground illusions, but the reality broke his speculation. He did not think that there would be such illusions in the pyramid forest.

According to legend, the underground dragon cave was where a former Dragon King resided. Thus the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor should have created the pyramid forest illusions.

A gush of heat wave hit him head-on.

Like blades of fire cutting his face.

Ye Qingyu also felt bursts of severe pain

The golden desert was vast and boundless. The sun hung high in the sky, and it was impossible to distinguish the direction, making him feel lost, confused and panic.

Ye Qingyu released his divine sense.

“Infinite and boundless... there is no direction, there are no indications, like a real desert.”

His divine sense also could not see through this desert illusion.

The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor was more powerful than he had thought.

But Ye Qingyu was not thrown into disorder.

He was originally a peerless formation master, although it may take some time to break the formation, it will never really trap him.

He was only worried about the Dragon Human Emperor and the others outside.

While he was trapped here, the Dragon Human Emperor and the others may not be able to withstand a single blow. The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor could kill them with one thought, or even refine them into dragon corpse puppets.

Ye Qingyu had reached an agreement with the Dragon Human Emperor for the cooperation between the Dragon Human Domain and Heaven Wasteland Domain. For Heaven Wasteland Domain, an ally like the Dragon Human Race was incredibly important, so Ye Qingyu must find a way to protect the Dragon Human Emperor and not let him die.

……

“Can a beast like you stop me?”

The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor sneered.

Although wounded, his broken wrist was re-grown. But his aura was fluctuating a little. The second [Life Sword Mantra] that Ye Qingyu slashed out had still wounded him as before, which made him shocked and furious, unable to accept this. He had sacrificed so much to achieve the cultivation level he had today, while Ye Qingyu was just a junior of the Human Race. He was so young and still has a long life ahead of him, yet was already so astonishing?

Deep down, he was on the verge of being unable to bear the jealousy in his heart.

And opposite him, the white Bone Dragon Puppet Bloodworm emitted a roar as it shielded the Dragon Human Emperor's body.

The other six Dragon Human Race experts had already fallen, souls scattered, and only their physical body remained. The dark forces had penetrated into their flesh, refining their body into dark battle puppets.

“I have failed you.”

The Dragon Human Emperor was both infuriated and helpless.

These six top Great Saint experts were loyal elites of the Dragonblood imperial court, had served the military their entire life and had contributed greatly to the imperial court. Their life yuan was almost exhausted so they recommended themselves to follow the Dragon Human Emperor and Ye Qingyu into the Dragon cave. What they hoped to do was to dedicate their last bit of strength to the Dragon Human Race in the last moments of their life, and that they could rest in the Dragon cave mausoleum after death....

But now they had been refined into puppets and not allowed to rest in peace.

“Roar!”

The white Bone Dragon Puppet Bloodworm roared, its huge body constantly shrinking in size.

Before the battle, Ye Qingyu had secretly left the Puppet Bloodworm to protect the Dragon Human Emperor. After Ye Qingyu fell into the illusion, the Puppet Bloodworm appeared, but unfortunately was unable to protect the six Great Saint experts of the Dragon Human Race.

It was shaking, was in fear

It had absorbed the power and memory of Wei Wubing and Zhang Wuxin, and the status and identity of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor was evidently above these two dark creatures. Therefore, the Puppet Bloodworm had also inherited their awe and fear of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor and dared not to fight the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor head-on.

“Interesting, you were not born in the dark domain? In the world of light, dark things can also be born?” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor sent the littte Puppet Bloodworm flying, but was a little surprised by some of the clues he became aware of.

“Roar!”

The Puppet Bloodworm roared, endless black fog shrouded its body and releasing all sorts of remarkable power and techniques. No matter how it struggled, was still unable to wound the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor in the slightest.

“Interesting.” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor seemed very interested, “Darkness that is born in light, I have never heard of it before... Ye Qingyu unexpectedly has obtained this kind of thing and refined a body for you using demonic bones. Hahaha, surrender to me.”

As he was speaking, countless dark light beams were created out of thin air from the surrounding space, and then twisted around the huge body of the little Puppet Bloodworm like a rope.

The little Puppet Bloodworm roared, resisting wildly.

“Huh? Still struggling?” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor’s face darkened. “Recognize me as the Lord, or else die!”

“Don't serve two masters!”

The Puppet Bloodworm responded in a struggle.

It also did not know why it made such a decision.

But that was still what it said.

It was an instinctive choice.

The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor looked slightly disappointed, eyes flashing, “Fine, go die.”

Before his voice faded.

The dark light beams shrank, crushing the body of the little Puppet Bloodworm directly.

It was at this moment——



Swoosh!

A blood coloured brilliance pierced the air, with an incomparably imposing manner, and locked onto the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor to behead him.

“Huh?”

The expression on the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor’s face changed abruptly, as if had encountered an unbelievable thing. He raised the scepter-halberd to block the attack.

Boom!

He was blasted dozens of meters away.

The blood light flew back, and in a flash, had already severed the black beams of light around the white Bone Dragon Puppet Bloodworm.

A burly and domineering figure came out of the ripples of the Void.

“It's you?” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor exclaimed, “You're still alive?”

The figure made a backhand grabbing motion to grasp the blood-coloured brilliance, as he proudly said, “Granduncle has not yet died, how would this junior dare to die first. I will personally free Granduncle of worldly worries.”

“Father.”

The Dragon Human Emperor was trembling with joy.

“No need to be so polite, it's been hard for you,” the figure said faintly.

He was the Supreme Emperor of the Dragon Human Race who was rumoured to have died, and the blood-coloured light gripped firmly in his hand was the ancestral weapon of the Dragon Human Race, the [Dragonblood Halberd].

“It turns out that you faked your death and hid it from me.” It was a huge shock to the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, knowing that at that time he had secretly checked the Supreme Emperor’s condition.

“It was not easy to hide it from Granduncle.” The Supreme Emperor sighed, “I have plotted this my entire life and so did my father. This is the effort of two generations of emperors, but today... I have something I want to say: I ask Granduncle to turn back and think for the continuation of my Dragon Human Race. It is still not too late to turn back today.”

The imperial family of the Dragon Human Race had long been aware of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor’s plot but couldn’t do anything, other than secretly plan out this scheme.

“Hahaha...” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor burst into loud laughter, “The continuation of the Dragon Human Race? What does that have to do with me? I have saved the Dragon Human Race once, I have already paid back in full. Now, I only think for myself... Even if you have successfully faked death, so what? Can you defeat me?”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1072:


Chapter 1087, Rest in peace



“If it were in normal conditions, I naturally would be no match for Granduncle.” The [Dragonblood Halberd] was quivering in the Supreme Emperor’s hand, producing the cry of a dragon, “But for today's fight, the Dragon Human Race has been preparing for a long time. I did not fake death but had really died. I died but am not dead, just for today's battle.”

The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor looked shocked.

The next moment, understanding dawning on his face.

“You... have become the spirit of the ancestral weapon? You have turned your essence, yuan qi, flesh and blood into energy and injected into the [Dragonblood Halberd], you... I understand.” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor was shaken.

“It's not just me,” the Supreme Emperor added.

Before his voice faded.

The [Dragonblood Halberd] in his hand suddenly burst out rays of scarlet red light, which then transformed into different figures. They were experts of the Dragon Human Race, all tall and burly, and with a purple-gold dragon horn on their head. All were clad in a dragon robe armour and Emperor crown. Their imposing manner and strength was not in the slightest weaker than the Supreme Emperor, and several of them seemed to be peerless experts.

Including the Supreme Emperor, there was a total of eight figures.

Each figure was a former emperor of the Dragon Human Race.

“Haha, interesting, I understand, no wonder that in these five years, the reign of every emperor of the Dragon Human Race was extremely short. It turns out they all chose death and sealed their power into the [Dragonblood Hablerd]. Five hundred years ago, you had already realized and had begun to prepare?”

“That's correct,” the Supreme Emperor said. “Granduncle had occupied the Dragon cave mausoleum, stealing the dragon qi of the imperial court, and had set up this formation using the feng shui and flow of qi of the imperial court. It would be difficult for even a Quasi-emperor to break this formation, so we had to gather eight emperors who all carry the same imperial qi to destroy your plan.”

“For today, you really have put in so much effort.” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor's face darkened. He thought that everything in the Dragon Human Domain was within his monitoring and calculation. It wasn't until today that he came to realize that, although he took into account every little possibility in his plan, he was still tricked by a group of juniors.

The current Dragon Human Emperor on the other side was similarly trembling with excitement.

This turned out to be the truth.

Over the past five hundred years, the Emperor of the Dragon Human Race had changed constantly, which resulted in the unrest of the imperial court, and disorder among the citizens. There were constantly rumours that the heavens had placed a curse on the Dragon Human Race because of the misconduct of the Dragon Human Race’s imperial family. All the emperors of the Dragon Human Race died young, and were taken advantage of by some ambitious people, setting off chaos in the imperial court and causing disloyalty among the vassals. The originally powerful Dragonblood imperial court was weakened again and again.

It turned out that the death of the Emperors of the Dragon Human Race was for this reason.

“But do you think you can kill me with just this effort?” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor burst into loud laughter, “I am afraid it's just wishful thinking, I have prepared for tens of thousands of years, while you have only been preparing for five hundred years.”

“You will know after a try, we just want to break your formation, there is another person who will kill you.”

The other seven Dragon Human Race Emperors were continuously changing position, surrounding the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor. They were all the descendants of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, and although dead, they sill possessed the imperial qi and thus could clearly capture the presence of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor’s body. The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor had tried several times, but was shocked to find that no matter what methods he used he could not get out of this encirclement.

“Someone else?” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor sneered, “Ye Qingyu? I have already trapped him in the [Imperial Dao Formation]. He does not possess imperial qi so it would be impossible for him to break free. You have painstakingly planned this for more than five hundred years, yet you placed your last hope on an outsider. It is both ridiculous and pathetic.”

“Outsider?” The Supreme Emperor had a determined expression on his face, eyes flashing like lightning. “He is the person of nothingness in the prophecy of the Dragon God, who can break everything. This [Dragonblood Halberd] has been in his hands for some time, infected with his qi of nothingness, therefore it can break your formation.”

The current Dragon Human Emperor immediately understood when he heard this. It turned out that the reason the Supreme Emperoe chose to see Ye Qingyu was not to win back the halberd, but for this reason. There should be other plans in the five hundred years of preparation. The bodies of the other seven Dragon Emperors were placed in other vessels. But Ye Qingyu had brought the [Dragonblood Halberd] out from the 18th district  of the Black Demon Abyss, which had inadvertently helped the Dragon Human Race. Afterwards, the Supreme Emperor found that Ye Qingyu was a person with the life of nothingness, then simply directly abandoned his physical body to enter into the halberd, and then waited for a period of time before Xu Wuya retrieved it. This was the reason.

The appearance of the [Dragonblood Halberd] and Ye Qingyu obviously made the Emperors of the Dragon Human Race have a greater confidence in their painstaking preparation.

“Life of nothingness? The Prophecy of the Dragon God?” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor sharply felt something was wrong, and at last there was a sense of uneasiness.

But the next moment the Supreme Emperor threw his hand out.

The [Dragonblood Halberd] was suspended in the Void.

And the eight Dragons Emperors’ figures were frantically flowing out streams of bright yellow imperial qi, like eight gold dragons, howling and extending, and instantly coiled around the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor. No matter how he activated all kinds of techniques and strength he simply could not break free.

“The Dragon God... refine!”

The Dragon cave resonated with the voice of the eight Dragon Emperors.

“You...” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor only felt as though he was incinerated by raging flames. He felt incomparable pain. He struggled. He roared. He knew that if this continued he really would be refined.

“Dragon cave as the formation, dragon tomb as the flag, break it for me.”

At this critical moment of life and death, the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor roared. He no longer had the slightest reservation and directly activated all the means he had arranged in the Dragon cave.

Rumble!

The whole Dragon cave was quaking.

Countless shadows were seen crawling out of the grave, turning into bones. Countless experts of the Dragon Human Race had been corroded by the forces of darkness, turned into battle puppets, and even the Dragon cave was releasing a power that attacked and crushed the eight Dragon Human Emperors.

“Stop them,” the Supreme Emperor bellowed.

The current Dragon Human Emperor roared, summoning out a blood dragon seal.

The jade seal of the Emperor of the Dragonblood imperial court.

The treasure of the kingdom.

The current Dragon Human Emperor frantically burned his imperial qi, triggering the treasured jade seal, released infinite rays of light, which contained even the power and will of the Dragon God. Although it was residual power, it had a natural suppressive force on everything in the Dragon cave.

The moment the jade seal was summoned out, the originally restless Dragon cave all of a sudden calmed down.

And those skeletons and shadows that crawled out of the tombs were also suppressed, frozen where they were.

The [Dragonblood Halberd]was constantly expanding in the Void.

Like a dragon slayer blade it was suspended overhead.

……

……

“Huh?”

Ye Qingyu, who was trapped in the desert illusion and could not break out for a long while. He was irritated and impatient, when all of a sudden the yellow sand before him faded without warning, the sun in the sky vanished, and a familiar aura returned. In the blink of an eye, all the illusions had disappeared.

What's going on?

He was perplexed.

At this moment, the voice of the current emperor of the Dragon Human Race sounded, “Mister Ye Qingyu, please assist us...”

Ye Qingyu's divine sense swept across, and immediately noticed the changes in the distance. The current Dragon Human Emperor had become a white-haired old man and a dark [Dragonblood Halberd] was in his hands. The Void was filled with the remains of eight strange imperial qi, and most importantly the body of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor was still and lifeless, standing there stiffly...

All around, there were countless dark puppets roaring like a flood.

And a beam of black light was frantically trying to escape, but was entangled by the white Bone Dragon Puppet Bloodworm, unable to get away.

“Suppress!”

Ye Qingyu bellowed, triggering the secret technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] reappeared.

An invisible majestic pressure burst out from the cauldron, and then strange ripples visible to the naked eye instantly filled the entire space of the Dragon cave, suppressing all the skeleton puppets in place.

At the same time, he transformed into a bolt of lightning and charged straight towards the dark stream of light imprisoned by the Puppet Bloodworm.

This dark glow was the true force of darkness in the body of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor.

It was the real murderer who murdered Mister Ren Puyang.

“Retreat.”

Ye Qingyu roared, telling the Puppet Bloodworm to retreat from the battle circle.

“Ye Qingyu... you are unexpectedly a person of nothingness, I’m not willing,” the familiar voice of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor sounded. “Why is it you? My plan is ruined... The heavens want me to perish.”

Incomparably frightened, he tried to escape.

“[Life Sword Mantra]!”

Ye Qingyu raised the [Blood Drinker Sword] in a slash, displaying the strongest sword intent.

The sword light was blurred, like the misty shadows of the spring rain.

The black light was directly severed into two segments.

“Ah...” The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor made a bitter roar.

With all his power he desperately burned his origin source, turning into a myriad of silk strands of black fog in an attempt to escape. Previously he had already lost to Ye Qingyu's [Life Sword Mantra], and now that his imperial qi had been restrained and was unable to refine into the true body of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, his strength was not even one tenth of what it was before. Thus he was naturally no match for Ye Qingyu.

“Want to escape? It's too late!”

Ye Qingyu mobilized the [Cloud Top Cauldron] with a thought.

This time he exerted all his strength to trigger all the purple qi and energy of Quasi-emperor Mushan stored inside. The power of a Quasi-emperor was fully displayed. A dazzling brilliance erupted from the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and formed a strange vortex of power. The mouth of the cauldron was like a black hole, releasing a frightening suction force.

“Ah... no, I...”

The frightened voice of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor resounded.

But it soon came to a halt.

Because all the black qi and black specks were absorbed into the [Cloud Top Cauldron], not even a shred had managed to escape.

“Suppress!”

Ye Qingyu performed several hand seals and directly opened up a space in the [Cloud Top Cauldron], which completely sealed the black qi, so that it was impossible for the dark spirit of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor to escape.

And as the battle came to an end, all the aura of dark forces in the Dragon cave also began to dissipate.

Clang!

The [Dragonblood Halberd] fell to the ground.

The current Dragon Human Emperor was no longer able to stand. He had consumed all the strength in his body. In order to coordinate with his father and the others to refine the imperial qi of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, he did not hesitate to activate the dragon seal and ignite his imperial qi and origin source. At this moment he had already grown old and was at his last breath.

“Uncles, father... we have finally succeeded, you... in the nine springs, you can finally rest in peace with a smile.” Tears were streaming down the Dragon Human Emperor’s face.

For today, the Dragon Human Race had sacrificed too much.

Particularly the imperial family of the Dragon Human Race.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

