Chapter 1209:


Chapter 1224 - An Unforeseen Event at the Royal City

The three supreme commanders walked out of the Unmoving City of Darkness fearfully and only let out sighs of relief when they returned to their respective warships.

"What exactly is in this box?" Ran Guangyao asked in surprise as he placed the box on the table.

Guo Yuan and He Yan were both curious and fearful.

Ren Guangyao hesitated for a moment before he finally opened the box in front of the other two supreme commanders.

They were hit with the pungent scent of blood the moment the box was opened, and Ren Guangyao gasped softly while He Yan and Guo Yuan turned pale for there was a head in the box. The facial features of this head were extremely clear and its final expression was one of abject terror.

All three of them looked at each other in dismay and felt as though their hearts were about to jump out of their chests.

They had taken countless lives so, under ordinary circumstances, they wouldn't be fazed at the sight of a head. However, they were so shocked because this head once belonged to Yang Feng, who had also been a supreme commander like them.

They had already guessed that Yang Feng had probably met with a bad end, but when they saw his head for themselves, they couldn't help but gasp and suddenly felt chills run down their spines. They felt as though there was a sharp weapon digging into their necks at the moment and that their heads were about to fall off anytime.

Although Yang Feng had made a big mistake, he was still one of the four supreme commanders at the border and held a high position within the Guardians' camp. Moreover, the Yang clan had also been a clan of Emperors, so Ran Guangyao and the others were extremely shocked that he had been killed without any room for negotiation.

"The new Emperor is using this to warn us that killing us would be as easy as killing any peasant on the streets, regardless of our titles. His message to us is that we mustn't make the same mistake," Ran Guangyao said with a bitter smile as realization dawned.

"After all, he is a Martial Emperor of this generation," Guo Yuan said with a resigned expression.

He Yan nodded and said, "Frankly, I was still worried about how the battle in space had ended. Now that the new Emperor returned, I wonder what has happened to the new Emperors and the old sovereigns of the past..."

"Shh, be careful with your words," Ran Guangyao cut He Yan off and looked around surreptitiously before he said, "The divine abilities of Martial Emperors are extremely powerful, so the new Emperor might just be monitoring our every action and move."

He Yan and Guo Yuan immediately realized Ran Guangyao might be right and couldn't help but shudder to themselves.

They fell completely silent and remained silent for thirty minutes.

Guo Yuan finally said, "This news will take at least three days to reach Royal City and no matter how the lords in Royal City react, this should no longer concern us. We should guard the border and make our military duties our top priority. Since His Highness wants us to regroup the troops and prepare for battle, that's all we need to do."

Then, he left the room.

He Yan and Ran Guangyao looked at each other but no one said anything.

"Commander Ran Guangyao, I'll go look at reorganizing my military affairs first," He Yan said as he rose to his feet and left.

Ran Guangyao inhaled deeply and exhaled a breath of murky air as he smiled with bitterness. He covered the black lacquered box that contained Yang Feng's head and after a moment's hesitation, he resealed the box and wrote a report to the military headquarters, ordering his men to send this letter along with the box to Royal City.

This was his duty, and it was something that he had to do.

This was nothing shady and he was not afraid that the new Emperor would find out about it. He had heard from many noblemen that the new Emperor was cruel and bloodthirsty, and made arbitrary decisions, but after he analyzed all of the new Emperor's actions, he felt that the new Emperor was actually a man of principles, rarely punishing people related to perpetrators, neither would the new Emperor deliberately persecute others and rarely created trouble. As long as his men performed their duties as instructed, he would not strongly suppress them either.

"An entire era of sovereigns and officials have controlled the camp for thousands of years. Now, the camp has been severely weakened. Perhaps this new Emperor might be able to change this apathetic atmosphere," he said with a sigh and felt hope creep into his heart.

Then, he rose to his feet and hit the war drum to gather the troops and perform a roll call. He was also going to reorganize his troops.

At the border of the one hundred and fifty kilometer long great wall, there were millions of stationed troops from the camp who commanded hundreds of millions of soldiers from the Sinners' camp. In a span of one day, one of their four supreme commanders was dead and the remaining three had submitted to the rule of the new Emperor, so this was a good start to the unification of the Dark Realm.

...

After the three supreme commanders left, a prominent figure from the Guardians' camp entered the Unmoving City of Darkness.

Linghu Buxiu was covered in dust from his travels and looked quite ashamed as he requested an audience with Ye Qingyu.

Lingyun led him to the divine temple.

"Your Highness, I have bad news," Linghu Buxiu immediately greeted Ye Qingyu and said, "There was a rebellion within Royal City. The Sun clan are under attack, the new troops under Marquis Tingtao Lin Xuan's command have been obstructed by underhanded methods, so they couldn't advance and Commander Nie Tiankong was ambushed without warning, he's currently critically injured as a result... The situation at Royal City is extremely chaotic and the new troops are on the verge of collapse!"

It had taken Linghu Buxiu almost all of his yuan qi to rush over and he was extremely weak by this point.

Ye Qingyu helped him up and said, "There's no need to rush, you may speak slowly." Then, he sent a wave of Emperor power into Linghu Buxiu's body and helped him replenish his yuan qi. He was surprised by the news that Linghu Buxiu had brought, but it was not completely unexpected.

Since the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan and the others dared to use Song Xiaojun as bait, calculating the right time to ambush him, they would have definitely laid out countless schemes, including some at Royal City. However, they had thought too highly of themselves and had already acted in Royal City, even before they managed to kill him. Those at Royal City had probably yet to receive news that the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan had already been defeated in battle.

"Your Highness, the Sky-reaching clan, the Dark Feather clan and the Lofty Mountain clan joined forces to attack the Sun clan and demolished the residence of Marquis Tingtao, so the current situation at Royal City is extremely chaotic; once this chaos erupted, there was no way to rein it in. The new troops that we have painstakingly put together are about to be torn into pieces... Marquis Tingtao and Commander Nie Tiankong have asked me to apologize on their behalf. You have entrusted us with such an important task but we have failed to perform our duties. We truly deserve death!" Linghu Buxiu said remorsefully.

"The situation right now wasn't caused by a mistake in battle, nor by negligence on your end, so there's no need to blame yourself for it." Ye Qingyu said as he patted Linghu Buxiu's shoulder. "It hasn't even been that long since I left and those malicious creatures have already popped out from the woodwork with such eagerness. Very well, I'll let them enjoy their moment in the spotlight and wait till all of them have shown themselves before I kill them all."

Linghu Buxiu said, "Your Highness, the situation requires urgent attention..."

Ye Qingyu replied, "I know what you're trying to tell me, so I'll head back to Royal City with you right now."

Now that Song Xiaojun, a newly minted Martial Emperor, was standing guard over the Unmoving City of Darkness, he was sure that no harm would befall the city. Martial Emperors who have broken through after activating the power of their blood were different from ordinary Martial Emperors. The key differences between them were that they were able to possess extremely powerful combat strength the moment they became Emperors, and would also awaken various gains on the martial way, being also naturally able to grasp Emperor techniques. Song Xiaojun was definitely very powerful, that was why Ye Qingyu did not mind leaving her alone at the Unmoving City of Darkness.

After he held discussions with Song Xiaojun, Wang Jianru, and the others to make the necessary arrangements, Ye Qingyu prepared to return to Royal City.

"Brother Qingyu, I... I'll follow you," Song Xiaojun said. She was worried about Ye Qingyu not having completely recovered from his injuries and that he would be in danger if he encountered sovereign-level experts at Royal City.

Ye Qingyu said with a smile, "There's no need for you to come along. I'll still need you here to hold the fort and I know what I'm doing."

Then, a ray of silver light surged, enveloping both him and Linghu Buxiu before they vanished on the spot.

Hengduan Mountains.

This was where the new army had set up camp.

Marquis Tingtao Lin Xuan emerged from Nie Tiankong's tent and he didn't leave immediately. His eyes were full of rage while his burly body stood as straight as a javelin, as though he would bear the weight even if the heavens collapsed.

The news from Royal City seemed to get increasingly worse.

The arrival of the various factions from the main camp meant that these people would become more arrogant and overbearing with time. The military discipline was failing and since they had set up camp at the foot of Hengduan Mountain several days ago, they weren't able to progress and had already missed the time limit set out by the new Emperor. Lin Xuan was extremely anxious but he kept telling himself that the more serious things were, the more he had to remain calm.

Nie Tiankong's injuries were extremely serious and it only added to his worries.

He could tell that whoever launched a sneak attack on Nie Tiankong was either someone who was almost as powerful as a Martial Emperor or a Martial Emperor himself. Otherwise, the assailant wouldn't have been able to inflict such serious injuries on a sixth step Quasi-emperor like Nie Tiankong who hadn't even been able to retaliate.

"I wonder if Brother Linghu Buxiu managed to meet His Highness," Lin Xuan muttered as he looked up at the sky which was cloudy and overcast.

This was beyond his abilities and he could barely maintain control over the new army, so it would be impossible for him to make any progress with this army since he was lacking in both strength and experience.

Someone approached him as he was deep in thought.

"Haha, Commander Lin Xuan, it is already so late at night, so why aren't you sleeping?" a chubby middle-aged man said with a laugh. Although he addressed Lin Xuan as 'commander', there was no respect in his voice and attitude as he did so. He continued derisively, "Oh, I see you've gone to check on Commander Nie Tiankong's condition. Haha, I heard that he was attacked and sustained serious injuries. I wonder if he'll be able to survive the night."

"How dare you speak so rudely? Get lost," Mo Weinan, who had temporarily assumed the position of Lin Xuan's personal guard admonished him fiercely.

Mo Weinan was Ye Qingyu's personal attendant. Ye Qingyu had arranged for him to stay by Lin Xuan's side, in hopes that the young man would be able to learn about military operations from Lin Xuan; it was all thanks to the fact that Lin Xuan had the new Emperor's personal attendant by his side that no one caused too much trouble for him.

"Haha, young General Mo Weinan, there's no military law that explicitly forbids me from speaking," the chubby man shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly and continued to smile brightly at them.

He was accompanied by dozens of military officers who were noblemen from the residences of the various clans in Royal City. They had always behaved arrogantly and recklessly, and the current situation had only emboldened them. They were practically fearless even when they faced Mo Weinan; all had burst out in laughter at the chubby middle-aged man's words.

"What are you doing here?" Lin Xuan tamped down his anger and asked with a frown.

They weren't able to make any progress because of these men, so he guessed that there was trouble brewing ahead.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1210:


Chapter 1225 - A Choice

"My supplies have already run out, so please issue the command to return to Royal City," the chubby man said. His name was Gu Xunchao and he was the leader of the noblemen military officers who had been creating trouble recently. He belonged to a prominent family within Royal City and treated the commanders that Lin Xuan had groomed recently with contempt. Both Gu Xunchao and the veteran noblemen thought of Lin Xuan as an upstart.

"Your supplies have run out?" Lin Xuan said angrily. "I've already allocated and transferred supplies to your camp this afternoon and there are only three thousand soldiers in your camp. These supplies should have been enough to for more than three days, how did you manage to finish your supplies in the span of one day?"

"Haha, I guess the soldiers under my command have a larger appetite," Gu Xunchao said with a straight face.

The dozen or so noblemen military officers behind him also burst out laughing.

They had heard rumors from other families and vaguely knew that the new Emperor was in dire straits, maybe already having perished in battle. This was why their actions had become even more overbearing. If the new Emperor was at his peak, they would have not dared to behave in such an unruly manner.

Mo Weinan's eyes blazed with anger and committed every military officers' face to memory. He had received some teachings from Ye Qingyu but he had only been cultivating for a short period of time; there was still a vast difference in their strength. He was thus unable to take control of the situation.

"General Mo Weinan, why are you looking at me like that?" Gu Xunchao quickly caught the look in Mo Weinan's eyes and said with a sinister laugh, "The situation now is completely different. Haha, your pillar of support might have already collapsed. I'd advise you to go into hiding with your lowly Sinner mother. If you do that, perhaps you might still be able to live a little longer... What's wrong? Are you trying to memorize our faces and lodge a report against us to the new Emperor? Hahaha, let me put this simply: I'm afraid that the new Emperor is probably nothing but dust by this time. Ha ha!"

"What did you just say?" Lin Xuan asked in shock and he couldn't help but take a step forward and grip the chubby man's neck fiercely.

He was a marquis who had earned the title through his achievements in battle and his cultivation was extremely high. Moreover, he had also received guidance from Ye Qingyu, so he managed to subdue the chubby man in an instant. Lin Xuan already had a bad premonition over the past few days when he saw how flippant and nonchalant the noblemen had been. He was an intelligent man and immediately realized that something could have happened to him. Martial Emperors might be invincible but the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan and the others were also once Martial Emperors themselves. The fact that these noblemen were pretending to comply in public but secretly rebelling meant that someone must have secretly tried to attack the new Emperor and these noblemen had heard about this news through reliable sources. Thus, when he heard these words from Gu Xunchao, he was immediately shocked and enraged.

"Hack hack hack... you... let go of me. Hey Lin Xuan, how could you behave so rudely even after I've told you that the new Emperor is dead? Aren't you afraid that your entire residence might be brought down along with you because of your support for him?" Gu Xunchao said as he coughed loudly. His face turned red as he tried with all his might to struggle out of Lin Xuan's grasp but to no avail.

"Let Lord Gu Xunchao go."

"Are you trying to kill him?"

"Hehe, I'm warning you, don't make any mistakes that you'd end up regretting."

"Are you forcing us to retaliate?"

When the remaining dozen military officers saw that Lin Xuan had grabbed the chubby man's neck, they immediately surrounded them, their auras surging. The soldiers lying in wait also revealed themselves. It was clear that they were definitely not there with good intentions tonight and these men eyed Lin Xuan menacingly. The surrounding thousand meters were completely filled with these noblemen and their men, surrounding Nie Tiankong's camp, Lin Xuan, Mo Weinan and the others.

They had revealed their true intentions.

Lin Xuan held on to Gu Xunchao with one hand while his gaze that was as sharp as lightning swept across the noblemen army. Then, he scoffed coldly and said, "You're just a bunch of ignorant youths, so how dare you try to hatch a plot against us? This is like child's play to me. When I went on punitive expeditions with my men back in those days, you were still drinking milk from your mother's womb... General Mo Weinan, release the signal!"

Mo Weinan's expression was determined and enraged. He raised his hand and a formation signal ripped across the sky, immediately lighting up the entire campsite.

Suddenly, the sounds of war drums, heavy armor clinking, and footsteps could be heard, as loud as crashing waves, breaking the silence that had hung in the air moments before. Bright fiery light burst forth and the sounds of killing rang out everywhere, as soldiers surged forward from all directions and completely surrounded the noblemen soldiers who had just revealed themselves.

Gu Xunchao immediately turned pale.

"You..."

The remaining noblemen military officers also looked ill at ease.

They didn't think that Lin Xuan would have been prepared for their attack and even managed to launch a counter-attack of his own.

They assumed that they had an advantage over Lin Xuan because of their sudden ambush, but they had fallen into Lin Xuan's carefully laid out trap instead. They felt as though their plans were slipping out of their control; the tables had turned on them immediately.

"Humph, I've already investigated your movements and initially, I had planned to let you off easily. As long as you didn't attack, I wouldn't have done anything. I didn't expect that all of you would fail to realize when to stop. Don't blame me for being ruthless," Lin Xuan said fiercely and he looked like a ferocious dragon that was choosing its prey.

He was a veteran soldier so he had been through all kinds of battles. Gu Xunchao and his lowly noblemen soldiers were just asking to be humiliated by trying to plot against Lin Xuan who was like a rough diamond that had been polished, finally revealing its true luster.

Ye Qingyu was extremely good at reading men and indeed, Lin Xuan was a talent who could be groomed.

"Men, take down every single one of these rebels. If they try to resist, kill them without fail," Lin Xuan ordered and took an extremely hard stance against these noblemen. This was the time to quickly get rid of the root of this chaos and he would only be able to control the situation if he didn't hesitate.

Gu Xunchao, the noblemen military officers and their men quickly lost the will to resist capture.

"The new Emperor had ordered us to reach the great wall within three days and now that we've missed the deadline, Gu Xunchao and his men have to bear responsibility for this. The new Emperor will definitely not kill the innocent, so don't worry. I will make sure that I give a clear explanation to the new Emperor and the rest of you will definitely not be implicated. I hereby order that we shall set forth to reach the great wall at once," Lin Xuan said.

His voice echoed like rolls of thunder over the skies above the Hengduan Mountains.

All of the soldiers and military officials who leaned toward the noblemen hesitated for a moment before they agreed to obey Lin Xuan's command. After all, Lin Xuan was the supreme commander of the troops; now that Gu Xunchao and his men were going to bear the blame for this delay, and since they would receive the protection of Lin Xuan if the new Emperor conducted an investigation to this matter, they would be safe. However, if they resisted, their resistance would be interpreted as a rebellion just like the one played out by Gu Xunchao and his men. Based on what they knew about the new Emperor, they knew they would most certainly pay for this with their lives.

Gu Xunchao and his men turned as white as a sheet.

They had underestimated Lin Xuan.

Lin Xuan had spent such a long time in Royal City as a depressed and frustrated military officer that everyone had the wrong assumption that he was a coward who could be bullied. No one had expected Lin Xuan to bear his fangs and reveal himself to be a ferocious dragon instead. His methods and courage to act were rarely seen even amongst the nobility of the camp.

Mo Weinan took in the entire situation and felt extremely excited, as though he had learned something new.

As a soldier, it was important to predict your enemy's move, so one had to be extremely meticulous, have foresight, and make plans instead of waiting idly for things to happen. He had indeed learned an important lesson that day.

The outcome had been decided.

"Hey Lin Xuan, you won't be able to be this arrogant for more than three days..." Gu Xunchao yelled angrily and was about to yell that the new Emperor was dead when Lin Xuan stepped forward, knocking out all of the teeth from his mouth and sealing his spirit, rendering him completely mute.

His soldiers' morale would be affected if they heard news about the new Emperor's death. Then, he would lose control over his own men.

"Let's go. March on," Lin Xuan shouted.

His choice showed that he had completely sided with Ye Qingyu and fervently hoped that Ye Qingyu would be able to return alive. He knew that the chances were extremely slim, but as a soldier, he was willing to die for a friend. He wasn't worried that the noblemen in Royal City would exact a cruel revenge on him in the future, since he was mentally prepared to die.

The situation changed all of a sudden.

"Hahaha, that was a great move. I had heard that Marquis Tingtao Lin Xuan was a dragon in the army and if he was granted a chance to spread his wings one day, he would be able to soar very quickly. I had dismissed those words as nonsensical chatter, but after witnessing what you've managed to do today, I must say that those were true words indeed," a cold and haughty voice rang out from the sky above Hengduan Mountain.

A black eagle soon appeared. A burly middle-aged man clad in golden armor stood upright on the back of this eagle. He had a hooked nose and four eyes; his skin looked like it had been dyed indigo-blue, so he was clearly not of the Human Race, but his aura was extremely powerful and elusive Emperor qi circulated around him. His mighty aura crushed down upon the group with the force of mountains and oceans; everyone suddenly felt breathless with terror because of it.

Gu Xunchao was thrilled to see this person and started to howl and struggle against his restraints.

The noblemen military officers who were Gu Xunchao's accomplices were equally elated.

They recognized this golden-armored middle-aged man as Gu Xunchao's uncle and the clan elder of the Gu clan. He was Gu Dening, a person who was as powerful as the King of Zhenyuan had once been in Royal City. In fact, his status within the Guardian camp was even higher than the King of Zhenyuan, so he was a prominent and influential figure of his time.

"Commander Gu Dening?" Lin Xuan said as his pupils constricted and was suddenly overcome with a bad premonition.

Naturally, he recognized Gu Dening and knew where this man's loyalties laid. When he recalled to Gu Xunchao's earlier actions, Gu Dening's motive was as clear as day.

"Lin Xuan, give up. The dust has already settled. You wouldn't be able to shake the skies singlehandedly and it would be even more impossible for you to be able to turn the situation around," Gu Dening said as he looked down from his vantage point, like a divine king who had command over all creatures. "I must admit that you're extremely talented, so if you surrender now, I'd be able to spare you. I'll also promise that your current title and status will not change even if you surrender. I'll even continue to let you command this newly formed army. What do you think about this proposal?"

Lin Xuan's brows raised and said without any hesitation, "Commander Gu Dening, I guess you must have had a wrong impression of me. I might be of lowly status, but I know that I should repay my benefactor with kindness. His Highness saved my life and appreciated my talents, so even if I die, I will never betray his trust."

Gu Dening frowned and said, "What about your family? I'll tell you the truth: the situation has completely changed at Royal City and the new Emperor has perished, turning the tables. Your residence has been attacked and your wife and daughter have been thrown into jail, with their lives completely at our mercy. If you don't surrender, they will suffer a fate worse than death."

Lin Xuan's entire body suddenly shook and all color was leeched from his face. He looked extremely sorrowful and conflicted.

He did not fear death and didn't care even if he suffered a fate worse than death, but, if his wife and daughter were to be sent to the brothels servicing the military, their fate would truly be worse than death.

Mo Weinan was extremely worried as well since he was fond of Lin Nanzhu, so he quickly rushed over to help Lin Xuan up.

Lin Xuan quickly came back to his senses and forced himself to remain calm as he said through clenched jaws, "There's no perfect solution in this world. If the Lin clan is destined to face such a tragic fate, my wife and daughter will understand and support my actions."

If Lin Xuan had seemed a little hesitant and conflicted when he first started, he gradually grew more determined and spoke with absolute conviction by the end of his statement, looking like he wouldn't be swayed.

Gu Dening's expression changed when he heard Lin Xuan's words.

He hadn't expected Lin Xuan to be so staunchly loyal to the new Emperor.

A clear voice rang out from the distance like a breath of spring wind, "You've used the words 'there's no perfect solution in this world' extremely well. Commander Lin Xuan, I wasn't wrong about you."

This voice sounded like it originated from a far distance but at the end of this sentence, this voice seemed so near that it felt as if he were right beside them.

Everyone saw a blurry movement, before two figures appeared by Lin Xuan's side.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1211:


Chapter 1226 - Return to Royal City

Lin Xuan was also surprised. The person who had just appeared seemed like an Immortal who managed to break past the defenses of the camp, to arrive beside him with incredible speed.

"Your Highness?" Lin Xuan exclaimed in surprise when he recognized the familiar face.

His white robes were as white as jade, his black hair swept down like a waterfall and his aura was ethereal, so who else could it be but Ye Qingyu?

The person by Ye Qingyu's side was none other than Linghu Buxiu who had gone ahead to send for reinforcements.

Ye Qingyu had ultimately managed to arrive at the crucial moment.

"Greetings, Your Highness, I'm an official who has made a grave mistake, Lin Xuan," Lin Xuan immediately said as he bowed respectfully. Ye Qingyu had trusted him and given him such an important mission, but he had failed to bring the new army to the great wall at the appointed time. Now, the new army was also fraught with internal strife, so he was very remorseful.

"Your Highness!" Mo Weinan was also incredibly elated and bowed at the first instance.

"You're wearing your military armor, so there's no need to stand on ceremony," Ye Qingyu said as he raised his hand. Then, a gentle force helped those two men up.

Abundant Emperor qi burst forth from Ye Qingyu's body like an ocean, powerful and incredibly mighty. Everyone suddenly felt as though they were as helpless as driftwood being swept away by the ocean, regardless of the level of their cultivation, as though they could be dragged under by the strong waves at any moment. No one could summon up any courage in the face of such a strong aura.

"Greetings, Your Highness!"

"Greetings, Your Highness!"

A large majority of the ordinary soldiers were not aware of the noblemen's dirty deeds and they felt that since they were formed on the orders of the new Emperor, they would have to obey the new Emperor's edicts. Thus, when they saw that their supreme commander Lin Xuan had already bowed so deferentially in greeting, they quickly got onto their knees as well.

Whoosh!

Most of the soldiers fell onto their knees as though a strong wind had swept past a field of wheat.

Gu Xunchao and his men looked extremely embarrassed and terrified. They could neither bring themselves to kneel nor continue standing.

Ye Qingyu did not even look at them.

Gu Xunchao and his cronies were nothing to Ye Qingyu and they weren't even worth a mention to him. However, Gu Dening who barely managed to remain calm as he stood in the void, was a person of interest to him.

"Why aren't you greeting His Highness?" Lin Xuan turned around to look at Gu Dening as he said, "Are you trying to start a rebellion?"

Gu Dening was completely stunned.

How could this happen?

Didn't he hear that the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan, Dark Feather clan, and the others had ascended to their Martial Emperor cultivation and had already gone to kill Ye Qingyu? These veteran Martial Emperors who had attained the Dao several thousand years ago and possessed such a depth of resources had joined forces to kill a new Emperor, but this new Emperor had somehow managed to return alive. Was this a joke?

When he recalled how Ye Qingyu had mercilessly killed the three supreme commanders of the Sky-reaching clan, the Dark Feather clan, and the Lofty Mountain clan back in those days, Gu Dening felt shivers run down his spine.

He was extremely frightened and no longer dared to hope for the best as he descended from the void and bowed his head. "Uh... your subject Gu Dening respectfully greets Your Highness," he said respectfully.

The Gu clan might have benefited tremendously this time, and he had also ascended to a half-step to Quasi-emperor cultivation thanks to the gifts from the giants, so he was now able to defeat ordinary Quasi-emperors. But there was still a huge gap in strength between himself and a true Martial Emperor of his time like Ye Qingyu.

"I guess the Gu clan is trying to get themselves completely killed," Ye Qingyu said coldly without even sparing him a glance.

Gu Dening's heart raced at Ye Qingyu's words and he was completely scared out of his wits as he quickly kowtowed and begged for mercy, saying, "This was a mistake on my part. I was bewitched by the promises of power. Please forgive us, I'm willing to bear the punishment for my crimes but please spare the Gu clan."

He didn't dare to resist Ye Qingyu and was overcome with regret. He shouldn't have participated in this at all.

Gu Xunchao and the other noblemen military officers were absolutely terrified when they saw how frantically Gu Dening was begging for mercy. A chill seeped into their bones as they finally realized how precarious their situation was.

"Ack ack..." Gu Xunchao felt an indescribable wave of terror wash over him, and he gurgled a series of strange sounds. He suddenly felt like his mouth was filled with bitterness and a wave of dizziness overwhelmed him. Then, something warm flooded his pants and he fainted dead away, as white foam frothed out of his mouth.

A pungent odor started to spread across the air.

The surrounding military officers from the nobility exclaimed in shock as they hastily retreated.

Mo Weinan stepped forward to check on him, then turned back to report, "Your Highness, he has been scared to death and his spirit has also been completely destroyed..."

No one had expected this nobleman disciple, who had earlier been arrogantly trying to lord over Lin Xuan, to die from terror. He was a Great Saint realm martial artist, but he had been so terrified that he had passed out, releasing urine and feces in his pants, his gallbladder ruptured, and his spirit had been destroyed. His life had been completely wiped out from this world.

The other noblemen military officers who had been Gu Xunchao's cronies looked at his corpse in distaste, as they covered their mouths and noses and retreated. Then, they all fell to their knees and begged for mercy.

Ye Qingyu looked slightly annoyed.

Lin Xuan immediately caught the message and issued an order, "Men, drag all these rebels out of this place. They are to be beheaded and their spirits destroyed in accordance to military law."

The highly-skilled experts from the enforcement division appeared instantly, clad in full armor and mercilessly dragged the rebels out of the area, ignoring their screams and wails of terror. Those who witnessed the scene couldn't help but shiver in fear. Nonetheless, they didn't think that Ye Qingyu nor Lin Xuan were being too heavy-handed since these men's actions had been equivalent to staging a rebellion. The military laws had always been very strictly enforced and it wasn't a child's play.

Soon, the heads of those several dozen noblemen military officers were displayed on the punishment pillars as a warning sign to the others.

"Tell me everything that is happening within Royal City and name every single one of the noblemen and commanders who have participated in this coup. If you speak the truth, I'll only kill you and spare the Gu clan, but if I find out that you've withheld information or lied to me, I swear that every person from the Gu clan will not live to see tomorrow," Ye Qingyu said calmly.

Everyone could tell how much anger was hidden behind his calm words. He had called the incident at Royal City a 'coup', so this meant that there was bound to be bloodshed the moment he returned to Royal City.

Gu Dening knew that the new Emperor was definitely not going to spare him, but was willing to spare his entire clan; this was the best outcome he could have hoped for.

Gu Dening clenched his jaw and didn't dare to hesitate as he truthfully revealed everything he knew.

Ye Qingyu nodded slightly after he finished hearing his account.

"Very well, I shall uphold my end of the bargain," he said. Then, he sent out a ray of sword light with a single thought and Gu Dening was immediately beheaded. His head fell to the ground while his body turned into a puddle of icy water that quickly disappeared.

"The Gu clan have participated in this coup and committed an unforgivable crime. Still, given that their clan elder turned himself in and admitted his guilt, I shall show them mercy. I'll only kill their leader and spare the rest," Ye Qingyu said as he ordered his men to hang Gu Dening's head on the punishment pillar that would follow the army everywhere they went, as a warning to the rest of them.

The new army had just been formed, so they could still be swayed easily. Thus, Ye Qingyu had to be absolutely firm and by displaying Gu Xunchao's, Gu Dening's and his men's heads in public, he wanted to unite his troops and wanted the soldiers who were from the noble clans of Royal City to understand that the military laws were like mountains, and military commands were like prison. Anyone who flouted the law would be put to death.

He also did all these to help Lin Xuan gain complete control of these soldiers in the shortest possible amount of time.

"Your Highness, are we to return to Royal City at once to clamp down on the coup?" Lin Xuan asked.

Ye Qingyu shook his head and said, "No, the soldiers of the new army come from the various large noble clans of Royal City, so if we send these men to clamp down on the coup, I'm afraid that they might not listen to your commands which would then reflect badly on you. I want you to lead the new army to the great wall frontier the next morning and set up camp outside the Unmoving City of Darkness. You are to act in accordance with the orders of the Emperor of the Unmoving City of Darkness. There are also three supreme commanders at the frontier. There used to be four supreme commanders, but one of them perished, so you may carry my Emperor seal to command the remaining three supreme commanders as you wish. I want you to train these soldiers at the frontier and unite your men as soon as possible."

Lin Xuan quickly accepted his orders before he asked in confusion, "What about Royal City...?"

Ye Qingyu looked unruffled as he smiled confidently, "These rebels are nothing but a bunch of noisy animals. I'd be able to crush them with the back of my hand, so there's nothing to fear."

Lin Xuan couldn't help but feel extremely excited and felt a burst of heroic pride.

Ye Qingyu said with a smile, "Don't worry. I'll make sure that your family returns unharmed."

...

...

That very night.

Ye Qingyu had already returned to the Guardians' Royal City.

The Guardians' Royal City didn't seem too different than when he had left, but a tense atmosphere hung in the air. The atmosphere was so strained that it struck fear into the hearts of every living creature. The occasional burst of murderous shouts rang out from the streets, while the metallic smell of blood wafted in the air, turning Royal City into a living hell.

In the beginning, several sovereign-level figures led the sudden attack from the back and targeted the aging sovereign of the Sun clan and Marquis Tingtao's residence, but as the attacks gradually grew more intense, many noblemen factions who bore deep-seated grudges against each other also started fighting amongst themselves; the situation slowly grew out of control.

These sovereign-level figures who instigated the entire situation clearly did not care about the consequences of their actions. In fact, they were even hopeful that this might bring about a radical shift in power in Royal City and across the entire Dark Realm as a whole. Thus, fights broke out all across the city and mournful wails rose and fell as several noble clans found themselves taken completely off-guard, resulting in the annihilation of entire families.

The lives of many ordinary citizens were also affected.

All the signs of a world in turmoil could be seen within Royal City at the moment.

Ye Qingyu arrived at the residence of Marquis Tingtao and discovered that the place had been completely leveled to the ground; nothing but a pile of rubble was left. He didn't fly into a rage but after some calculations, his Emperor qi swept out like a wave and immediately detected Lin Nanzhu's and her mother's aura.

In the number one brothel for servicing the military.

This was a place where only the noblemen of the camp were permitted to enter and many female members of a certain age from the noblemen's families who had been punished for their crimes would be sent to this place. These women would be cruelly tortured and this was a fate worse than death. Their dignity and modesty were worth nothing there, and they were like walking corpses awaiting death since they couldn't even commit suicide.

That evening, Lin Nanzhu and her mother were sent to this brothel.

Gu Dening had gone ahead to persuade Lin Xuan and used Lin Nanzhu and her mother as hostages in an attempt to force Lin Xuan to submit to him, but in fact, there were many who wished to see Lin Xuan dead, so they acted ruthlessly and sent both mother and daughter into that place of despair.

Formations that prevented them from using their martial techniques covered their entire bodies and sapped their energies away, not even letting them commit suicide by biting their tongues. They were dragged away by servant girls to be washed and forced into robes that were light and sheer, before they were sent into a quiet room, like sheep waiting to be slaughtered.

"Haha, this mother and daughter pair will definitely be able to fetch a high price. Haha, there aren't many chances to enjoy the company of the wife and a daughter of a marquis or a duke at the same time. I bet the noblemen will fall over themselves later to fight for this opportunity, when I send them out to the auction platform in a bit. Hahaha!" the manager of the military brothel said, extremely proud of himself.

These hostages were meant to arrive only a few days later, but he had pulled some strings in order to get them in advance, aiming to ask for a high price for these two women.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1212:


Chapter 1127 - A Night of Killing

The manager of this brothel smiled broadly as his two subordinates flattered him and walked toward the auction hall with a bright smile. There would always be a grand event each time he received the wife or daughter of a punished nobleman into his brothel, and he would organize an event to auction off their first night. Many enemies of the punished noblemen would clamor to attend this event and would spend large amounts to purchase their first night, then release their hatred on the bodies of these women.

Recently, there weren't that many noblemen under punishment.

Although the new Emperor had ruthlessly killed the King of Zhenyuan, the prominent figures of the Sky Fox clan, the Sky-reaching clan, the Dark Feather clan and the Lofty Mountain clan, to the surprise of the public, he did not make any move to wipe out their families and did not make life too difficult for them either, so the various military brothels who had planned on taking in women from these families were extremely disappointed.

The heads and prominent figures of these clans might have perished but their families were still extremely powerful. Thus, as long as the new Emperor didn't make a move, those at the military brothels would be courting death if they attempted to capture women from these families.

There were more than a hundred military brothels within Royal City and the number one military brothel once had its moment in the spotlight. At its peak, the daughter of a fallen Emperor family had been sent to this very brothel; so many customers had rushed into the brothel that its main gate had almost been crushed by the crowd. Unfortunately, these were all events of the past and its heydays were long gone. Otherwise, this chubby manager would not have spent such a large amount of money and effort to get the Marquis of Tingtao's wife and daughter sent to their brothel.

"Haha, Marquis Tingtao pledged his allegiance to the new Emperor and he's already a titled marquis, so the value of his wife and daughter would be pegged at an even higher rate. This is especially so for Lin Nanzhu since she's one of the well-known beauties of Royal City. She's at her prime and still a virgin, with countless suitors trying to win her hand, so I'm sure she'd definitely be able to fetch a good price. Hahaha!"

The chubby manager was extremely elated when he heard the lively chatter from the auction hall. He wanted to give himself a pat on the back for acting so decisively and he was certain that this was the day that the number one military brothel regained its former glory.

"Sir, Lin Nanzhu is a feisty one. Should we break her body and crack her spirit first?" the manservant who followed the chubby manager around said with a smile. "Moreover, shouldn't you have the first taste of such a beautiful woman?"

"Yes, sir. If you get started, won't we be able to eat your leftovers?" the second manservant asked blatantly.

These two manservants had clearly been lusting after Lin Nanzhu for a while.

The chubby manager scoffed coldly and said, "Shut up, you morons. I'd strongly advise you against harboring such thoughts. This matter would impact the profitability and reputation of our business. If you ruin my plans after all the effort spent to obtain such good quality beauties, I'd skin you both alive."

The two manservants did not dare to speak thereafter.

They arrived at the auction hall.

The chubby manager entered the venue full of smiles.

An hour later—

The chubby manager led the winner of the auction eagerly toward the quiet room. The winner of this auction was a nobleman from the Sky-reaching clan and had been the favorite grandson of the Sky-reaching clan's clan elder; he was there for revenge. Ye Qingyu had killed the clan elder of the Sky-reaching clan while Marquis Tingtao was highly-regarded by Ye Qingyu—since he couldn't defeat Ye Qingyu, he had spent a large sum of money to release the bitter hatred he felt on the bodies of Marquis Tingtao's wife and daughter.

"Are we there yet? Hurry up," the nobleman said eagerly and his features twisted savagely.

"Sir, it's the room right in front," the chubby manager said as he brought the nobleman to the door of the quiet room.

The chubby manager smiled and closed the door behind this nobleman.

He didn't rush to leave but rather, he waited silently outside and tried to listen in on the action inside. He had spent such a long time in this military brothel that he was like a ghost and his heart was extremely corrupted. One of his favorite pastimes was to listen in on others having sex and his perverted mind wouldn't want to miss out on the action, especially after organizing such a grand auction.

The chubby manager was surprised when there was still absolute silence even after the nobleman had spent more than ten breaths in the room.

Based on his experience, he should be hearing the sounds of cursing, wailing, and sinister laughter by this time, so why was it so silent?

He wondered in surprise. Then, he suddenly smelled the faint scent of blood from the quiet room.

"Oh no, did the kid from the Sky-reaching clan kill both mother and daughter in anger, to exact vengeance?" the chubby manager muttered in shock. This mother and daughter act was his key to reviving the business at the number one military brothel, so he would suffer a great loss if they were killed.

He threw caution to the wind at the thought of that. He summoned his trusted subordinates and guards, then rushed into the room without even knocking.

The chubby manager, his manservants, and his guards were all astonished by what they found inside.

There was a sword sticking out of the nobleman's chest and blood flowed along the groove in the sword before landing on the ground. The nobleman was a picture of shock and despair as he gripped the sword blade with both hands tightly; he gaped like a fish gasping for air but no words would come out.

The sword hilt was held by a maiden with fair and slender fingers.

It was none other than Lin Nanzhu.

For some reason, Lin Nanzhu had managed to regain her power and strength. She gave off a strong aura and she had already changed out of the short, sheer dress that she was forced to wear earlier—now, clad in a perfectly fitting armor. She looked livid and a murderous spirit surged out of her; it was so powerful that she looked like a killing god who had just returned from the brink of death.

Marquis Tingtao's wife had also changed into something more decent and stood quietly beside Lin Nanzhu.

A young man in white robes and black hair sat in front of the desk that was located in front of the window. His entire body gave off a noble air; his features were handsome and masculine. His fair and slender fingers gently knocked against the table with a rhythmic flow, as though he was mulling over something and ignored everything that was happening in the room.

The chubby manager looked like he had just seen a ghost.

What was happening?

How could both mother and daughter have gotten rid of the formations that prevented them from using their strength? Impossible, he had heard that these formations were planted in their bodies by a Quasi-emperor when Marquis Tingtao's residence had initially fallen, so how could they have gotten rid of the formations so easily?

Furthermore, who was this young man in white?

"You've come at the right time. All of you will die today," Lin Nanzhu sounded like an avenging god who had just emerged from the depths of hell.

She paid no heed to the confused and shocked expressions of the chubby manager and his men, as she stepped over the nobleman's chest and slowly drew her sword, inch by inch. Then, she slashed out with her sword and beheaded this nobleman. She finally looked up after the deed was done and her beautiful features were twisted with rage because of the humiliation she had suffered.

She carried her sword that was still dripping with blood and strode toward the chubby manager.

"Stop... stop her. Stop there," the chubby manager yelled in terror. He was so frightened by the strong murderous spirit that oozed out of her that his legs gave way and quickly retreated.

The guards beside him drew their swords and charged at Lin Nanzhu.

"Die!" Lin Nanzhu screamed, her killing intent skyrocketing.

Sword light flickered and there seemed to be flashes of lightning appearing in the quiet room.

The guards that rushed toward her felt like everything had gone black all of a sudden. Then, their bodies crashed to the ground as though a farmer had run his sickle through his wheat field, and all their bodies had been slashed into two pieces. Blood gushed out from their bodies and dyed the entire quiet room red.

"Ah ah ah ah..." the chubby manager squealed like a pig that was about to be slaughtered.

This was the first time he had witnessed such a thing and he thought that Lin Nanzhu was a lunatic.

"Quick, quick send a message out and find someone to subdue this bitch," he yelled in terror and anger. Once this news got out, the reputation of the number one military brothel would be utterly tarnished, so who would dare to visit this place in the future?

Soon, the entire number one military brothel was thrown in a flurry of activity.

A loud shrill of a police warning broke through the night sky.

Countless figures rushed forward and appeared in the quiet room; the highly-skilled guards of the military brothel had also rushed over at the first instance. Those noblemen who had been looking for a fun time at the military brothel also rushed over when they heard the news since this was the first time something like this had happened. With the exception of the guards, everyone else was here to witness the action for themselves. No one saw any danger in doing so since the military brothels had the support of the Emperor clans within Royal City. This was a very profitable business and if these military brothels had the support of Emperor clans, who would dare to attack them?

A crowd immediately formed outside the quiet room.

"Take her down, take this bitch down..." the chubby manager shrieked loudly, "I want her captured alive so that I can make her experience a fate worse than death. Ah ah ah ah!" he finally heaved a sigh of relief at the sight of these guards and assumed that the situation was now within his control.

However, his face turned ashen less than thirty minutes later.

Dead bodies were littered everywhere and blood flowed like a river.

All of the highly-skilled experts who were tasked with guarding the military brothels were all felled like a bunch of chives. This female warrior seemed to be like the god of death who emerged from the gates of hell. Even a peak Great Saint expert wasn't able to take one move from her.

Wait, wait, when did Lin Nanzhu become so powerful?

The chubby manager was extremely confused.

The noblemen who had gathered to watch the action realized that things were not looking good for them either, since Lin Nanzhu had carried her bloodstained sword as she walked through the pool of blood and made her way toward them menacingly, one step at a time.

"What... what do you think you're doing?" a nobleman asked.

Swish!

A sword light shot out in response.

His head sailed across the air and his expression was one of disbelief.

The remaining noblemen tried to flee in a panicked flurry and there were also several noblemen who thought that they were strong enough and tried to take her down. However, sword light flashed and they were all killed by her sword.

Lin Nanzhu had already killed so many people that she seemed like a tiger making a killing through a herd of sheep. She killed boldly and spared no one, regardless of where these noblemen were from, what their status were, whether they cursed or they begged for mercy. All these men were slashed into two by her long sword and laid in their own blood.

In any case, noblemen who visited military brothels would definitely not be anyone of virtue.

A while later, the large military brothel had turned into a land of death that was covered by a sea of blood.

Only a small handful of maidservants and the prostitutes who serviced the soldiers who led a life worse than death were spared. The noblemen who were there to satisfy their own lustful needs, the brothel's guards, managers, manservants were all felled by her sword and their bodies piled up like a mountain. Their flesh and bones were laid in a heap, and their blood dyed the water channels and ponds red. The pungent stench of blood shot up to the heavens and almost dyed the skies red.

The chubby manager trembled as he stood in the pool of blood in front of the quiet room and his face was completely ashen. He couldn't utter a single word, as though he was scared witless.

Lin Nanzhu carried her sword as she returned; her armor was dyed red with blood.

She gasped for air but her eyes that had been red with rage and the need for revenge gradually cleared.

The young man in white who was seated at the desk in the quiet room finally stopped his rhythmic knocking against the table and looked up at the night sky. His gaze was sharp as though he had sensed something.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

