Chapter 165:


Chapter 166 – The Cemetery of the Snow Dragons

It was said in legends that the dragon tomb was the cemetery of dead dragons. There were corpses of the kings of the dragon race within.

From ancient times, the dragon race’s name was tantamount to power and mystery. In the God and Devil Age, the dragon race was once the only race able to resist against the two great ruling races out of the thousand great domains. Furthermore, it had always retained the upper hand. Even the Fiendgods dared not incite battle with the dragon race easily. The dragon race was the race that inherited the bloodline of Heaven and Earth. They were naturally born with power and divine abilities. The thicker their blood, the greater their power. As the God and Devil Age ended, the glory of the dragon race was also blown away by the wind and rain…

After the era ruled by the Fiendgods, hundreds and thousands of other races began to rise.

The Human Race was one of them.

For many races, the body of the dragon was crammed full with treasures. Even a dragon scale, could form a sharp weapon.

Living dragons, because they were far too powerful, had no way of being hunted. Therefore, many human gazes fell on the corpses of perished dragons. But the corpses of dead dragons were extremely rare. Under such conditions, the dragon tomb that contained thousands, tens of thousands of corpses of dragons was regarded as one of the most sacred treasure troves by experts of every major races. It was an existence that lifeforms of countless eras wished for in their dreams.

In the long river of time, there had once been precedents of such things happening.

Legend had it that in the upper Ancient Ages, there was once a Human Race faction that, because they had failed in their fight for territory, they were chased down by their enemies. With nowhere else to go and not wanting to die at the hands of their enemies, they forced themselves to trespass in a forbidden area. This was an area of certain death. Who would have guessed that they did not die, but rather coincidentally discovered a dragon tomb belonging to the Dragon Age. Bursting out from the brink annihilation, they destroyed all their enemies and began to expand. They finally managed to create a powerful empire, named the [Dragon’s Fang Divine Empire].

The influence of the [Dragon’s Fang Divine Empire] surged. Not only did it rule over everything in one domain, it’s influence stretched over several domains. It had once ruled over the entire fate of several domains, completely matchless. In the entire history of the Human Race, the [Dragon’s Fang Divine Empire] was a super power that could rank in the top five.

From this, one was able to see the value of a dragon’s tomb.

It was hard to blame Ye Qingyu for being so shocked that he could not even utter a word.

He forced himself to stay calm, calm, calm, and calm yet again.

His fiercely beating heart finally slowly settled back to normal.

Ye Qingyu activated the White Horse wings. One hand cradling his chest, the other hand holding Little Nine, he flew above the dragon’s tomb, carefully observing.

After a short while, he descended before the corpse of a huge dragon.

“So this place really was the cemetery of the Snow Dragons. But the cemetery of the Snow Dragon is far too different compared to the true huge dragon tombs in legends. The Snow Dragon is after all only the descendants of the divine dragon. The glory of the dragon race has been lost already. The Snow Dragons can only be counted as a slightly strong demonic race and this Snow Dragon cemetery was not really as packed with treasures as the legendary dragon tombs…”

Ye Qingyu looked at the huge dragon corpse in front of him.

After the death of a Snow Dragon, it’s body would not rot. Instead, it would slowly transform into ice.

The corpse sleeping here was a Snow Dragon that had died naturally because it’s life had reached its end. The figure was extremely humongous, and the dragon scales on its body had already turned into ice, translucent and sparking. Vaguely, one could see the bones inside. But because the corpse had already partially turned into ice, there were not too many uses or value for the corpse. Furthermore, the Snow Dragon was not a true dragon, so the scales, bones, veins, head, and fangs did not have an extremely high value.

There was a peaceful aura emanating in the cemetery of the Snow Dragons.

Ye Qingyu was affected by this atmosphere. His greed could not be roused.

Without knowing, there was a faint sorrow in his heart after arriving in such a place. Seeing the Snow Dragons slumbering here one after another, there was a hard to control sorrow that originated from his very bones. This emotion completely occupied Ye Qingyu’s chest. It was as if he saw his own race, subordinates and friends slumbering here.

“The current situation of the Snow Dragons is not ideal. Furthermore, it is not a race that likes to gather money, wealth, treasure or armours and weapons. Therefore, in this Snow Dragon cemetery, there are not any objects of value apart from the ice and Snow Dragon corpses.

Ye Qingyu had a look all about again and decisively came to such a conclusion.

If he chose several dragon corpses that had not yet begun transforming into ice, perhaps he could obtain some rare materials by flaying the skin and pulling the tendons, knocking out their fangs and drawing out their marrow. If he brought it to the human world, it could be exchanged for significant wealth. But, due to the holy atmosphere in the dragon’s cemetery, and the strange emotions in his heart, Ye Qingyu gave up on doing this in the end.

Respect for the deceased should be held as the priority.

Even the glutton Little Nine did not mutter with words of yummy or the like. He only silently lay on Ye Qingyu’s shoulder. Unexpectedly, he seemed to be afflicted with emotions, like a melancholy little girl. Lustrous tear after lustrous tear sparkled in his eyes. The instant they fell into the ground, they turned into ice pearls.

Ye Qingyu took out that Snow Dragon egg.

“Little Nine, just where did you find this?” Ye Qingyu asked.

Little Nine let out two barks, then with a whoosh, he rushed out from Ye Qingyu’s shoulder.

Because his speed was extremely quick, the little delicate figure left a chain of silver-coloured after images in the air. Constantly jumping, like a bouncing comet, he hopped in front.

Ye Qingyu followed behind.

The largeness of the Snow Dragon cemeteries far exceeded Ye Qingyu’s imagination.

As they travelled over ten thousand meters, the terrain was getting lower and lower.

The surrounding dragon corpses began to show greater and greater signs that they were turning into ice.

The terrain was like a gigantic funnel. And on the surrounding ice slopes, there were Snow Dragons coiled that were already half frozen.

From the degree of how much they had turned into ice, one could determine that the time of death of these Snow Dragons were at least tens of thousands of years ago.

“Their ages are far too distant. And this place is so mysterious. The Snow Ground Demon Court has occupied the Explosive Snow Glacier for so many years but they really have not discovered this underground Snow Dragon cemetery. From the surrounding environment, it seems like no outsider have ever come here before…”

Ye Qingyu evaluated in his heart.

“Woof, Woof, woof!” The chubby little figure of Little Nine stopped, turning towards Ye Qingyu. “Master, it’s here, we’re about to arrive!”

In front of them was a flat icy plain.

It was the end of the ice slope heading downwards.

Two ten-thousand-meter-long gigantic corpses that had completely transformed into ice appeared in front of them.

These two dragon corpses were coiled above this ice plain on the left and right, as if they were two sacred holy protectors. Their bodies that were hundreds of meters tall, divided a divine passageway on the icy plain. Their translucent snowy white jade scales were nearly transparent. A radiance emitted from their corpses. This caused this ice plain to be as bright as daytime in a divine country. The divine passageway was as if it was a passageway that headed towards everlasting light.

They were two Snow Dragons that had at least died for over a hundred thousand years ago.

Compared to the normal Snow Dragons, it’s external appearance was even more like that of a true dragon.

Ye Qingyu could even faintly feel a true dragon pressure emanating from their bodies.

“That’s not right, these are no longer normal Snow Dragons… could it be that these are true dragons in front of me?”

Ye Qingyu’s heart, once again began fiercely thudding.

Once a true dragon corpse appeared, this was a matchless fortune of this world.

As they walked forward.

It was another two Snow Dragon corpses that were even larger. These bodies had completely transformed into ice.

Their expressions were peaceful, laying on the ground in slumber. Their bodies emitted a sacred bright light. The pressure of the dragon race was even greater.

Even if they had died hundreds of thousands of years ago, but the sensation they gave off was as if they were still alive. As if they could casually open their mouth and swallow a person. As if they had the possibility of bellowing, then soaring through the skies, travelling through the nine heavens and surveying all life below.

As Ye Qingyu neared them, he felt as if he was under the pressure and weight of mountains hundreds of thousands of pounds heavy that burdened him. Every step he took needed a great deal of energy.

He most likely could not have come here if he only had fifteen Spirit springs for his cultivation.

If it was a normal expert of the ten Spirit springs and under, in such an environment, they would absolutely explode with the pressure coming off the corpses of the dragons.

“These Snow Dragons are life forms that are already dead for hundreds of thousands of years. Then when they were alive, the dragon bloodline running in their bodies must be much more concentrated than the current Snow Dragons. It is nearly akin to true dragons… it seems like the theory of the books in White Deer Academy are not wrong. The reason that true dragons do not appear is that the bloodline of true dragons has become thinner and thinner with the slow passing of time… This is also the tragedy of countless strong lifeforms. In the past, even the Divine Race and the Devil Race, could hardly escape from this process of deterioration.”

Ye Qingyu could not help but sigh.

Without knowing why, Ye Qingyu could clearly sense that there was something attracting him, summoning him in front of them.

Approximately fifteen minutes later.

They had finally arrived at the heart of the ice plain.

A lofty and majestic snow and ice summit appeared in front of their eyes.

Ye Qingyu lifted his head to look.

The ice peak was tens of thousands of meters high, like a sharp sword that stabbed into the upper regions of this space. An absolute sharp killing intent like that of a blade unsheathed was present on this icy snow peak. Ye Qingyu neared several steps, and only felt pain on his skin, as if was being sliced apart by a divine weapon…

“On the icy peak, there is a great ominous object!”

Ye Qingyu had seen some ancient text in White Deer Academy. He knew what this ominous killing aura represented.

“Woof, woof, it’s here…” Little Nine bounced over, standing at the bottom part of the icy peak, near a ten-meter-tall icy boulder. Turning his head to look at Ye Qingyu, he barked, “It’s here, I found that great bird’s egg here…”

Ye Qingyu looked over.

Underneath this small icy rock, there was nothing at all, without anything like a nest.

Little Nine had discovered the dragon egg from here?

Ye Qingyu was somewhat suspicious. He went over, closely inspecting, but still did not discover anything of note. When he lifted his head, he casually swept his gaze pass an icy rock by him. There seemed to be something sealed within the ice rock. As he closely looked, his heart suddenly madly thudded. His gaze stared fixedly at this ice rock, without budging in the slightest.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 166:


Chapter 167 – Ice Sealed Coffin

How was this an icy boulder.

This was evidently an ice coffin!

A fantastic inner and outer coffin that was in a sealed state.

Outside was the outer coffin, and inside was the inner coffin.

The outer coffin was to preserve the inner coffin, and the inner coffin was to preserve the corpse.

This strange ice inner and outer coffin was transparent on the outside. It was roughly made, as if it was a natural piece of rock. Unevenly matched, there were some minute cracks but this did not affect its outer appearance at all. On the outer surface layer, there was something like thin snow covering it. At first glance, it seemed like a natural ice boulder. It was hollow on the inside. Through the chinks in the shallow snow, one could see an even smaller half transparent ice coffin inside.

The half transparent coffin was around thirty to forty feet long, and twenty feet wide. It should have been made from the hands of a grandmaster. There were carvings of flying ledges outside and nine dragons that were swallowing pearls. Its appearance was splendid and magnificent, with green jade tile and curled lines and patterns all over. There were lustrous cauldrons to stabilize the corners pressing down from the top. It was a seven star huge coffin with bells hanging on it, with multiple layers.[JR1] [AT2] The first look gave someone the impression that this coffin was exactly like a half transparent exquisite small scale white jade palace.

This inner coffin was built with a magical material that was like ice but not ice, like jade but not jade.

Ye Qingyu surveyed the outside ice coffin, not able to recognize the material instantly.

Of course, this was not the thing that shocked Ye Qingyu the most.

What made Ye Qingyu’s brain completely blank was because within this coffin, there was a girl that seemed to be human.

Although this coffin was only half transparent, but with Ye Qingyu’s vision, he was able to see the rough features of this human girl.

He was only able to see her reclining inside the coffin with her head pointing towards the South and her feet pointing towards the North. Her pitch black hair was thick like the clouds. She was wearing a snow white palace dress. Her hair was split apart behind her head, black hair that glistened with light and radiance. The facial features of this girl were clearly distinguished, matchlessly lucid, and elegant. Her skin was like white jade. Her eyes were slightly closed, her pitch black eyelashes long and narrow. She had a slender figure, wearing a wide palace dress that covered her two legs. Her hands were cradling her abdomen, left hand clasping the right. Her delicate jade-like little hands were like little shallot sprouts. Her fingernails were slightly pink, her wrists like snow, and on her right wrist there was a jade bracelet…

The more Ye Qingyu looked, the more he felt that the beauty of this girl was matchless. She was truly the most beautiful person he had ever seen in his life.

Although she only silently lay in the ice coffin, but the sensation she gave Ye Qingyu was as if he was looking at the most beautiful painting in the world. His gaze could not be broken away.

“Under the heavens, there was such an outstanding, magnificent incomparable girl.”

Ye Qingyu felt that his gaze had entered into that ice coffin. Even his soul was about to sink in.

At this moment, he stood there dumbly, gazing at the female fairy in the ice coffin. It was hard to pull himself away.

At this time—

“Woof, woof, woof… Wu, Wu, Hou!”

From his ear came the low and clear bark of Little Nine.

Ye Qingyu suddenly fiercely turned his head, his mental state clearing. Then he suddenly felt dizziness, as if he was lacking in physical energy, as if he had just experienced a great battle.

“There is something strange about this ice coffin!”

He immediately understood.

Although Ye Qingyu was at the age where one was young and vigorous, but even if she was a peerless beauty, he should not lose his composure like so. The only explanation for this was that this ice coffin had a strange power to affect one’s mental state. Unknowingly, it had affected Ye Qingyu’s thinking, with his consciousness nearly torn apart… This was an extremely direct and terrifying method that affected one’s heart.

“Thank you, Little Nine.” Ye Qingyu lightly patted Little Nine on the head.

The little fellow began jumping up and down excitedly, jumping from his shoulder and circling around Ye Qingyu.

It was very strange. The voice of this little fellow was able to break apart the strange power of the ice coffin at the crucial moment. This made Ye Qingyu have a higher opinion of this glutton.

After praising Little Nine, Ye Qingyu turned his head to continue observing the ice coffin.

He gathered his concentration, activating his defenses. He did not stare at the white-clothed fairy anymore and only looked at the ice coffin from the corner of his eyes, wanting to find some clues.

As long as he did not stare at the white-clothed girl, his attention would not be drawn.

“On the ice coffin, there are not any characters or diagrams… this is far too strange. Why is it that in the cemetery of the Snow Dragons, there is a human coffin?” Ye Qingyu could not understand this even after thinking it over and over again. He only felt an enormous mystery surrounding everything. “This girl seems to have already been dead for a very, very long time, but her body has not rotted. Why is it like this, just what is her identity? Who placed her here in the cemetery of the Snow Dragons after her death?”

Puzzle after puzzle flashed by in Ye Qingyu’s brain.

One point he could confirm was that the background of this girl must be extremely terrifying.

Mortal worlds paid particular attention to feng shui*. And as for the martial world, they would also pay particular attention to fortune, Spirit qi and yuan qi. The energy of Heaven and Earth was vast and mysterious. Even countless top experts could not truly say that they had fully and truly understood the secrets behind the power of Heaven and Earth. But those with intelligence far surpassing their peers were able to observe the stars, the veins in the earth, the ripples in yuan qi, the mountains and rivers, using these to discover some special locations that were either known as ominous or fortuitous locations. Such places had different effects if used for cultivation or for interring.

Some martial cultivators’ bodies were powerful but they want to possess an immortal body. However, it was difficult for their cultivation to reach an everlasting state, so they had to take shortcuts.

The greatest shortcut was borrowing power.

Borrowing the power of Heaven and Earth.

It was rumoured that in the upper Ancient Ages, there were various sects that specialized in investigating the secrets within Heaven and Earth. Among them, there was a super power that was called the [Earth Master sect].

The Earth Masters, of the [Earth Master sect] could pry into the secrets of the Earth. Using the power of humans, borrowing the force of the world, they create places of fortune or ominous places, changing the yuan qi in Heaven and Earth. They could even go against heaven and change fate, borrowing destiny from Heaven and Earth. If some experts of the martial path were buried in the locations they had prepared, their bodies could be maintained for tens of thousands of years without rotting, retaining a shred of life. When their chance arrived later, they could reawaken again, returning to the living world and living another life. Such a method could be said to steal the natural way from Heaven and Earth. It was extremely mysterious and peculiar.

And throughout the ages, people had always maintained the study of terrain, human cultivation and heaven’s destiny.

Very many great character of top factions and sects, who incomparably glorious when they were alive, wanted to be interred in places of fortune after they perished.

To be interred like this, one was able to retain a shred of life. This enabled them to silently wait for their return and to reincarnate once again.

Such as the previous emperor of Snow Country. It was said that he was interred alive. Even though the Royal family of the Empire announced that he died, that the old Emperor had soared as a dragon to the heavens. But the rumours in the public said that old man Huangbing had not died. When he was alive, his cultivation was deep and unfathomable. When his life reached its end, using the power of the Empire, he created a terrain of fortune, interring himself within and retaining a shred of life. He waited for the moment several eras later when he could awaken again, living yet again so that he could once again rule over this Empire.

But Ye Qingyu guessed that even if the status of the Emperor of Snow Country was even more noble, it would not be as elegant and gracious as the Snow Dragon cemetery.

The Snow Dragons were a powerful race in the Demon Race. For tens of thousands of years, this cemetery was their territory. This was unquestionably a terrain of fortune.

And this Snow Dragon cemetery was absolutely not a little cemetery. On the way here, he had already witnessed dragon corpses that had been frozen for who knows how long. One could determine that it had existed for at least a hundred thousand years. It was a location that had been discovered and protected by the Snow Dragon race for hundreds of thousands of year. Normally speaking, outsiders could not enter. But someone conversely placed an ice coffin inside, and the Snow Dragon race did not discover this…

The history of this girl must be frightening to hear.

Could it be when she was alive, she was an extreme expert?!

Ye Qingyu was full of curiosity. But it was a pity that this ice coffin did not possess any clues whatsoever.

“This Snow Dragon egg, was really obtained by you from this coffin?” Ye Qingyu asked Little Nine.

Previously Little Nine had said that he had discovered the dragon egg from here.

“Here, it should be here…” Little Nine jumped down from Ye Qingyu’s shoulder, his chubby little head pushing through underneath the ice coffin.

Ye Qingyu had a careful look and could not help but be taken aback.

The bottom of the ice coffin unexpectedly had a fracture. It was the width of one palm and the length of six palms, as if heavy weaponry had hacked a section apart. Around the fracture, there were tight and clustered white lines that encroached around the bottom of the ice coffin. Behind the fracture, between the inner and outer coffin, there was a bird nest-like ice nest. One after another ice line intersected, it was like an ice bird nest, a remarkably identical ice snow bird nest.

It was empty within the ice snow bird nest.

“Woof, woof, it’s here…” Little Nine nodded his head at the ice snow bird nest in delight, then looked at the Snow Dragon egg held in Ye Qingyu’s hands.

So this Snow Dragon egg was obtained from within the ice coffin.

No… It was possibly not a Snow Dragon egg.

Ye Qingyu looked at the oval white egg that was like white jade in his hands. Right now, he could not be sure whether it was really a Snow Dragon egg. Because he had never heard before that the Snow Dragons were a life form that would create nests like birds, and because the ice coffin was far too mysterious. The things obtained from the coffin must be even more mysterious. Perhaps this egg had some relation with the white-clothed fairy inside the ice coffin.

But he could be sure of one thing: there was only one egg in the ice snow nest.

Ye Qingyu’s plan to find even more eggs had completely fallen flat.

Once his gaze moved away from the ice coffin, Ye Qingyu’s gaze once again focused onto the top of the ice peak.

The closer he neared, the more he could sense the faint ominous killing aura that was seeping out from the top of the ice peak.

For a solitary peak to suddenly appear in the center of the Snow Dragon’s den, this was already something strange. And the ominous aura contained within the peak made this even more strange. With the behaviour of the Snow Dragons, they would absolutely not allow something that contained such a great ominous will appearing in their pure and holy dragon cemetery…

Ice coffin.

The corpse of the white clothed fairy.

Ice snow nest.

Mysterious white egg.

Ominous peak.

One after another of inexplicable matters appeared at the same time, at the same location. This really was unimaginable.

Even if Ye Qingyu was cleverer, he could not guess at the reasons behind this.

Therefore, he did not think about this anymore.

Because the previous feeling that was like a family member summoning him had indistinctly appeared again. At the summit of the ice peak in front of him, he could see above him that there was a silver-coloured flame flickering…

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 167:


Chapter 168 – True Will of the Martial Path

On the top of the ice peak, there was unexpectedly the light of a fire burning.

The power of this flame was in complete contrast towards the great ominous atmosphere of the ice peak. But they appeared at the same time despite this.

“Let’s go up and see.”

Ye Qingyu’s White Horse wings activated and he soared into the air.

Little Nine tightly bit onto Ye Qingyu’s shoe, also flying upwards.

The pressure of the surrounding space was extremely terrifying. Twenty yuan qi Snow Dragon mirages coalesced madly around Ye Qingyu, his entire inner yuan activated to the extreme. The White Horse wings released its brightest radiance. After spending twenty breaths of time, they finally arrived at the top of the solitary ice peak.

He lightly landed at the top of the summit.

“This is…”

The area of the peak was around that of a field. It was glossy like a mirror, as if someone had especially grinded and polished it.

And at the very center of the ice peak platform, there was a nine layered ice crystal altar, just like a pyramid-like structure. From top to bottom, the ice was sparkling and translucent, without the tiniest hint of impurity. The colour was entirely transparent; one was able to see the other side by standing there. The height of the altar was only one meter and a bit, and at the very top of this ice altar, there was a jade stone the size of a thumb. It emitted a silver fire that was currently burning.

The white jade stone trembled slightly. It was unknown as to just what it was.

And the silver flame above it moved and quivered like quicksilver. Without sound, it throbbed and pulsed, extremely peculiar.

Ye Qingyu was able to sense the sensation that he had previously felt, that familiarity, that feeling as if he was being summoned. It namely came from within this flame.

The closer he neared, the clearer the sense of familiarity became.

Such a feeling was as if there was a family member with the same bloodline that was currently in this peculiar silver flame, beckoning Ye Qingyu over.

Ye Qingyu neared step by step to this miniature ice crystal altar.

But for such an altar to appear here, there must be something strange.

Within Heaven Wasteland domain, an altar signified an abnormal power.

Ye Qingyu dared not be careless.

He carefully observed the surroundings of the altar, but did not discover anything special.

Finally, he came to the altar before his eyes, inspecting the crystal flame and the rough jade stone.

He extended his hand. When the flame and his hand was at the distance of half a meter, he still could not sense the slightest hint of heat at all.

“This silver flame is peculiar… it’s rumoured that in Heaven Wasteland domain, there are ten strange flames. They are flames, but they are the strangest flames within the world. Such as [Lotus Purifying flame], [Apocalyptic flame], [Divine Will Spirit flame], [Executioner Immortal Heart flame], [True Era flame] and others. [JR1] [AT2] These are extremely rare flames that possesses strange power. The power of these strange flames are far too terrifying that even Fiendgods need to fear them. They belong to one of the strongest powers in this world.”

Ye Qingyu silently pondered.

He had once seen information regarding this in the books of White Deer Academy. Especially in a specialist book that introduced all the attributes of the strange flames of Heaven Wasteland domain, their forms, and the areas where they were formed. Ye Qingyu had once specially looked over these in detail. Added to his eidetic memory, these were remembered remarkably well.

The silver flame in front of him seemed to produce no heat at all. It did not stop throbbing soundlessly, as if it was floating mercury in the air.

From just the outer appearance, it seemed to belong to one of the strange flames.

But Ye Qingyu could not be sure just what kind of strange flame this silver flame was.

“Could it be the [Divine Will Spirit flame]? The colour is similar, the temperature is also similar. But the ancient books have said, that as the [Divine Will Spirit flame] burns, there are definite peculiar sounds that accompanies it. Like the singing of deities resounding throughout the air, causing one to want to bow down and worship… could it be the [Executioner Immortal flame]? That’s also not right, the ancient book also said that as the [Executioner Immortal flame] burns, there are definitely apparitions appearing along with it. In the air, there will be drip after drip of immortal blood appearing…”

Ye Qingyu recalled all the attributes of the ten strange flames, but could not reach any sort of conclusion.

He thought for a while, then took out a formation curved blade from the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

This blade was a weapon belonging to the previous master of White Horse tower. The workmanship of the weapon as well as the material of the weapon was top class. A hair would be cut cleanly if it was blown lightly on the blade. It could be classed as a divinely sharp weapon.

Ye Qingyu held this curved blade as the tip of this blade slowly extended to the silver flame.

The next instant, Ye Qingyu’s expression completely changed.

An extreme surge of cold instantly exploded from the flame.

The instant the curved blade touched the flame, the body off the blade was frozen into powder.

And at the same time, the originally soundlessly throbbing flame suddenly became restless, as if it was a slumbering huge dragon that had been woken accidentally. The silver flame followed along the blade like madly encroaching lightning. What followed after was a vast consciousness, like a mountain avalanche that was released from this jade white stone. It instantly crammed the cemetery of the Snow Dragon full.

Ye Qingyu was completely flooded and overran by this vast and solemn consciousness. His entire person could not move, as if he had turn into stone.

“Crap… this is… could it be the consciousness of an extreme expert?”

When the martial way had been cultivated to its peak, the wills of those experts could become divine. Those extreme experts could brand their will in the air or perhaps in some special tools, eternally preserving their will. Even if they perished, their will and consciousness would still exist in this world. The people of later generations, in front of a martial will like this, were like ants falling into the ocean. It was impossible to resist against. If they resisted against such a will, they would instantly be crushed into powder.

Ye Qingyu was locked in place by this mysterious martial will. His mouth could not speak, his eyes could not move and he could not take any action whatsoever.

And the silver flame that was encroaching on the curved blade instantly burned this formation curved blade into ashes. Then it began spreading to Ye Qingyu’s hand.

A clear and cold sensation came over Ye Qingyu’s palm. Then he lost all his feeling in his limb.

And as the silver flame spread, the flame slowly devoured Ye Qingyu’s arm, shoulder, abdomen, head…

Finally, Ye Qingyu’s entire person was enveloped in this silver mysterious flame.

His body, completely lost all sensation.

But Ye Qingyu’s consciousness was still clear and awake.

This feeling was as if his spirit had left his body.

Ye Qingyu was shocked to discover that he was still able to see things.

But the angle of which he saw things became incomparably strange.

He was able to see that within the snow peak, standing alone in the cemetery of the Snow Dragons, he was able to see the ice altar beside him, he was able to see a figure completely swallowed by that silver flame, it’s figure becoming indistinct. The light of the silver flame became larger and larger, ultimately becoming tens of meters high, as if it was a human shaped pillar…

He was still able to see Little Nine madly howling and barking, as if he had gone crazy. He ran circles around the figure swallowed by the silver flame. There were several times that he wanted to jump in the flame, but was rebounded by this silver flame…

Without knowing why, the silver flame could not burn on the body of the glutton Little Nine!

Ye Qingyu felt at this moment as if he was outsider, like a god overlooking the mundane world. Using the cold glance of a spectator, he looked at everything that was happening on the icy peak.

That person that was burned by the silver flame, that was about to turn to ashes by the flame from the formation curved blade, that person was evidently himself, but why would he see this happening from such a perspective? Could it be that he was already dead, and his soul was floating through the air, so he could…

Ye Qingyu could not explain what was happening to him currently.

At this time, a voice sounded from beside his ear—

“Human?”

Ye Qingyu was surprised to hear these two ancient syllables.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, then instantly understood the meaning behind these two ancient sounds.

These type of syllables should belong to the early human civilization language of the God and Devil Age. Through the passing of several ages, such an ancient language was now rarely used by people. Only people that had dealings with ancient texts, formation masters, pill masters, or perhaps metal masters were able to know such a language. Today, the human language used for communication had long changed.

Ye Qingyu had spent a large amount of time learning the ancient characters and language for the Bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. Therefore, such a thing, as long as it was not too esoteric, was not a problem for him.

Without waiting for Ye Qingyu’s reply, more syllables were spoken.

“For it to be a human… could it be that this is Heaven’s Will acting behind the mysteries?”

It was as if the voice was talking to himself.

Ye Qingyu had already slightly understood at this moment.

This voice, was emitting from the mysterious martial will that completely swept the cemetery of Snow Dragons like the tide of the ocean.

“Young man, no need to be afraid…” The ancient voice that had undergone great changes once again sounded. It was still the language of the God and Devil Age that had long disappeared from this world. Ye Qingyu could not hear it very clearly, but he could largely understand the rough meaning. The voice continued, asking, “What year is it in the era of the Three Sovereigns?”

Era of the Three Sovereigns?!

Ye Qingyu did not know what to say.

After the God and Devil Age, the three Sovereigns of the Human Race rose, supporting the Human Race and preventing it from being destroyed in those chaotic times. After that, it was the five Emperors that struggled for the peak, becoming the most powerful in the entire world. They brought about the prosperity of the Human Race. Then the five Emperors disappeared, the Human Race multiplied and reproduced. This continued for several eras. And today, the age of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors were already extremely far away. The people thought of the era of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors as legends. For this voice to ask what year it is in the era of the Three Sovereigns, could it be that he was someone from the era of the Three Sovereigns?

The era of the Three Sovereigns was already millions of years ago from the current time!

Without hearing Ye Qingyu’s reply, the voice remained silent for a while, as if realizing something. Asking again, “Could it be that the age of the Three Sovereigns has already passed? Then right now, what year is it?”

Ye Qingyu suppressed the huge shock in his heart saying, “Elder, the era of the Three Sovereigns is already something that occurred six million and six hundred thousand years ago. Today, it is the era of the Human Sovereign, this is the Explosive Snow Glacier at Heaven Wasteland domain…” Using the most simple words, he tried to describe the passing of the ages briefly. The language of the God and Devil Age was extremely rusty when spoken by him. Ye Qingyu had great difficultly speaking it, and he did not know whether the opposing party understood his words or not.

A very long silence.

Then it was a very long sigh.

Within the sigh, there were far too many emotions contained within.

“Your strength is so weak, why have you been able to come here…” The voice was as if he was speaking to himself. Then an extremely vast and powerful consciousness swept out, as if he was sensing everything around him. Three or four breaths later, he had evidently already understood something. With huge shock in his voice, “The world has already changed like this… For the [Ice Throne] to deteriorate to such a state, the fall of the protectors, just what has happened… why is there the bloodline of the divine dragon running in a youth of the Human Race…”

There were too many cryptic syllables, Ye Qingyu could only understand a little.

Evidently, the voice was currently sighing over the changes of the world.

But right now Ye Qingyu cared about the situation he was in right now. Within his vision, his shell of a body had completely been swallowed by the silver flame. Indistinctly, he could see his muscles and bones emitting radiance, as if they were ice. Evidently, he was transforming into ice. Like the Snow Dragon kings that had perished for tens of thousands of years, his body was turning into ice. This was extremely peculiar.

As if he could sense the panic of Ye Qingyu, the voice sounded again—

“No need to panic young man. Being swallowed by the [Supreme Ice flame] is your fortune. You have the bloodline of the divine dragon, only through this could you come to this place… Meeting me is your destiny. The [Supreme Ice flame] cannot destroy you… This is the will of Heaven and Earth… your fate has arrived… Young man, I will pass on the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] of the [Ten Great Wills of the Martial Path], to aid you in assimilating the [Supreme Ice flame]…”

As the voice finished.

A powerful will, like a sharp sword, pierced into Ye Qingyu’s consciousness and spirit.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 168:


Chapter 169 – A Strand of Consciousness from Millions of Years Ago

At that instant, acute and terrible pain made Ye Qingyu feel as if his soul was quaking.

If was as if there were invisible cutting blades that were currently tearing his soul into pieces bit by bit.

“Don’t let your thinking run wild… little mud person, condense your mind and accept my will!”

The voice suddenly became passionate, like the morning bell or evening drum that sounded within Ye Qingyu’s mind.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu could not care about this special vision that he was having. He was no longer looking at the figure being devoured by that silver flame. Instead, all of his thoughts and mental power were used to adjust to that power piercing into his consciousness. Such a feeling, was as if there was someone forcefully stuffing countless information into your brain, nearly cramming your brain full till it exploded.

“[True Will of the Martial Path], the key word is ‘True’… in this world, there are [Ten Great True Wills of the Martial Path]. Every one of them has power akin to laws. By understanding and grasping these [True Wills of the Martial Path], you can completely crush opponents at the same realm as you, as well as other miraculous attributes. There is the blood of the divine dragon in your body. I will pass on the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] to you, this is the one that is most compatible with your body. Use your heart to comprehend, you will forget the pain. Once you have completely grasped the [True Will of the Sky Dragon], the power that you can wield will greatly exceeded countless top experts. And when you have comprehend to the extreme, the power of the ancient dragons will appear again…”

The voice constantly sounded.

The power of this person was so great that it made one tremble. Ye Qingyu had no way to resist and could only oblige in whatever the opposing party wished to do.

Thankfully, this mysterious person did not seem to hold any ill intentions.

He forcefully inserted a mental energy of his will into Ye Qingyu’s spirit but this would not cause too great a harm to Ye Qingyu’s spirit.

This entire process seemed to have only lasted a single instant.

In the time of a spark, everything was complete.

“Good. The seedling of the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] has already been planted. Whether you can comprehend it, and how much you can comprehend it, all depends on yourself…”

The voice sounded again.

And then the acute pain gradually faded like the ocean tides receding.

Ye Qingyu felt that there were far too many things in a brain. But if he carefully sensed it, it was as if there was nothing there at all. This was an extremely special sensation, as if something was slowly combining with his body and blood. This was like the fleeting flash of an idea; the flash of light that disappeared was so far away yet so close. But ultimately, it was hard to grasp in his hands.

“[True Will of the Sky Dragon]… [True Will of the Sky Dragon]…”

Ye Qingyu did his best to comprehend.

Ye Qingyu had once read in ancient texts legends pertaining to the [Ten Great True Wills of the Martial Path]. But for him at that time, this was something too far away. He had once not dared to think too much about it.

In the hundred year history of Snow Empire, it was said that there had never been anyone who had truly comprehend the [True Will of the Martial Path]. Even if it was top level experts like the [War God of Youyan Pass] Lu Zhaoge, even he had never managed to touch upon the [True Will of the Martial Path]. In the history of the Human Race, those existences that were able to control the [True Will of the Martial Path] ultimately were able to traverse to the state of extreme experts. They became mountain peak after mountain peak in the martial world. Others that followed behind them could only look upon them with admiration, with no way to surpass such existences.

Therefore, this was an extremely rare opportunity for Ye Qingyu.

He did his utmost to capture this minute mysterious sensation in his spirit.

This sensation, was the seedling of the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] according to the mysterious voice.

He must grasp it.

If he missed such an opportunity, even the heavens would be furious.

He did not even care at all about the state of his fleshly body. His entire will and consciousness, was immersed in this type of forceful comprehension.

Everything that happened outside, already had nothing to do with him.

At this time even if apocalyptic thunder exploded next to him, he would most likely not notice.

Time passed minute by second.

The extremely powerful surging martial consciousness in the Snow Dragon cemetery, finally began to gradually settle down.

Within the air, the currents also slightly changed.

A faint yuan qi, slowly began gathering. It finally transformed into a human shaped mirage that appeared next to the body of Ye Qingyu which was completely covered by the silver light.

This person was taller than normal people, his figure burly and muscular, as if he was a little giant. He was wearing an ancient battle robe with a golden helmet. There was a special dignity and authority surrounding him. As if he was an emperor that had traversed through time and space. But it was a pity that his figure was like smoke and cloud; it flickered and faded like a reflection on top of water. He was extremely like an illusion. There was not the slightest fluctuation of life from him and there was not the faintest hint of energy coming from him. It was as if a slight wind could completely blow apart this smoke that had been gathered together using yuan qi, making him disappear from Heaven and Earth.

“[Supreme Ice flame]… Form!”

He looked at Ye Qingyu’s corporeal body. Accompanied by a low shout, a strand of smoke came from his body that entered into the burning flame.

The next instant, the madly throbbing silver flame immediately stopped shuddering.

The ice flame froze like ice.

The shell of Ye Qingyu’s fleshly body could temporarily be preserved.

As he finished doing everything, this illusion-like figure finally shifted his gaze, dumbly looking into space.

“Several millions years have already passed. The body of the Human Race, has already transformed far too greatly. With the desolate passing of time, the human’s path has already undergone great changes. My close friends have already disappeared from the world, why was it that I was awakened…”

“The battle in the past, I thought I had already died…”

“The era of the Three Sovereigns has finished. This world still has humans, does this means that the battle of the past, could it be that the Human Race has won? Fine, if there are still humans alive, then I can rest assured. The blood of the Fiendgods were not spilt in vain…”

“That youth said that today, it is the era of the Human Sovereign, and that this is the Snow Country of Heaven Wasteland domain… These are completely unfamiliar terms. After millions of years, my era has already ended…”

The smoke-like figure mumbled to himself, looking down at his hands.

He was namely the owner of that ocean-like martial consciousness.

He was namely the person that had spoken to Ye Qingyu.

Tens of millions of years ago, he had once been an authority that had completely suppressed an area, ruling over the fate of one era. He had once been one of the few people who were able to climb to the pinnacle. One of his thoughts could completely change Heaven and Earth. It caused tens of millions of lifeforms to bow down in worship, caused countless alien races to shiver and tremble. His fame had once travelled through numerous domains, his spoken words were like the law. He was once only half a step from eternal, but he still had perished in that great calamity…

Several millions of years later, the last strand of his consciousness that existed awakened.

In the past, a strand of his consciousness was enough to slaughter the strongest lifeforms of the world in an instant.

Right now, the strand of his consciousness no longer possessed its former strength. Even for him, there was no way to prevent the great deterioration and passing of time. He sensed that his strand of consciousness was beginning to disappear drop by drop, dispersing like smoke. He sensed the strange energy of this world. He knew, that the era belonging to him had already completely disappeared.

“Why is it like this? Just what has happened? Why can I not sense any of the auras of my old friends… the old friends in the past, could they have really perished?”

He asked himself in a small voice.

The Three Sovereigns of the Human Race, just what kind of Supreme existences were they? Even if millions of years had passed, would they have really disappeared?

And as for those fiendgods of the other races. One of their thoughts was enough to extinguish stars, how could they perish?

And as for those great enemies of the other races in the battle of the past. Those lifeforms were near immortal. The passing of tens of millions of years, could it really destroy them?

He did not believe this.

The things that had happened in the past were far too terrifying. Such terrible enemies existed that even the Three Sovereigns of the Human Race and the ancient ancestors of the other races could not fight against. How could they be destroyed by the mere passing of time?

Just what has happened in these years?

It was a pity, that everything had already no way to be known.

He knew, that the he of that time had already died in battle.

Right now, somehow a strand of his consciousness had awakened.

For a peerless expert like himself, the awakening of a strand of consciousness represented reincarnation.

“Could it be that after I died in battle, there has been some unexpected change that occurred? The Three Sovereigns somehow preserved a seed of my energy, allowing me to have such an opportunity today?”

He was deep in thought.

Suddenly awakening from his long slumber and the passing of time, everything had changed.

Everything that was familiar to him had disappeared like smoke. Even one that was as powerful and as strong as him could not help but feel a spell of confusion and regret. A loneliness arose involuntarily that enveloped him.

He wanted to go in search for the answers to his questions.

Those old friends and enemies in the past, just where had they gone.

But first, he needed to recover his strength and cultivation.

His gaze fell on the fleshly body that had been frozen by the [Supreme Ice flame].

“This youth, to have met me today, could be counted as his destiny. Could it be that fate as already arranged everything? His body is weak like smoke, but his body is flowing with the blood of the divine dragon. No wonder he can enter deep into the [Ice Throne], and was not destroyed by the seals outside, to come here… This [Supreme Ice flame] is compatible with his body. Since I have aided him already, why not help him another time, for him to assimilate with the [Supreme Ice flame]…”

The will of the illusive smoke-like figure acted.

Another white yuan qi, split from his figure, directly entering into the solidified [Supreme Ice flame].

The originally peaceful [Supreme Ice flame], once again began surging and boiling.

Then with a boom, it transformed into tens of thousands of little sparks, as if every one of them was a lively little spirit that excitedly flowed throughout the air. Finally, tens of thousands of them flowed into the fleshy shell of Ye Qingyu’s body, entering into his skin. Drop by drop, they entered into Ye Qingyu’s body, finally disappearing.

One could see on the surface layer of Ye Qingyu’s skin, there was a layer of faint frost that quickly formed. His eyebrows and hair were covered by silver frost, as if he was a person made from ice.

Then what followed after was that this layer of frost rapidly melted, and Ye Qingyu’s skin turned into a lively bright red.

But after another ten breaths, this layer of frost once again appeared, enveloping Ye Qingyu’s body, dyeing his eyebrows and hair white.

Then it melted.

Then the silver frost once again formed.

Such a process continued for tens of times.

After the last time the silver frost showed, and the skin became red with vitality, the Ye Qingyu that had no aura like a corpse, finally slowly opened his eyes.

His expression was taken aback, lowering his head to look down at his body and at the surrounding environment.

“I’m fine… my spirit has returned to my body… I am well again?”

Ye Qingyu was overjoyed.

“Woof, Woof Woof!” Little Nine crazily rushed over, intimately licking Ye Qingyu’s face. “Master, you just turned into a devil. You were burning up, and your hair and beard also turned white. The fire was rumbling, I thought you were going to explode…”

You are going to explode.

Ye Qingyu felt that this glutton did not know how to speak too well.

But after seeing from his strange perspective the Little Nine who madly rushed to protect him, he felt somewhat moved in his heart.

“Young man, your comprehension is very exceptional. It makes me shocked…” the smoke illusion next to him opened his mouth with a smile.

Ye Qingyu only just noticed the mirage next to him.

“You… Elder, it’s you! You are…” After being shocked, Ye Qingyu instantly was able to discern that the voice of this figure was namely that mysterious voice.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

