Chapter 729:


Chapter 747, Saint experts



Ye Qingyu looked around at the figures nearby and found that no one was concerned about the fatty, and did not seem to hear what the he was saying.

It was kind of strange.

The fatty was a little weird, but his words, if true, were too astonishing.

Ye Qingyu couldn't help wanting to question him further.

But at that moment, new changes began to appear in the sky.

The six already extremely distorted and terrifying vortexes of time and space, the Doors of Darkness, suddenly darkened.

Before everyone had reacted, a blinding brilliance burst forth from the darkness, and then the vortexes of time and space began to twist sharply, as if each were injected with some kind of mysterious force. Endless Black Demon  qi was pulled in, like six giant mouths were frantically devouring the Black Demon  qi between the Heaven and earth.

The scene was incomparably terrifying.

A twisting and pulling force erupted from the six Doors of Darkness.

Ye Qingyu could only feel that his body was seemingly being torn apart, fluttering toward the huge Doors of Darkness.

Trembling, he hurriedly resisted, stabilizing his body.

Around him the other countless experts were also rapidly flickering, withstanding against the frightful engulfing force, changing positions, and widening up the distance between them and the Doors of Darkness in order to avoid being devoured by the suction force

On the ground, the gravel, dust, debris, as well as blood, broken limbs, shattered blades, swords and various objects without owners, were slowly floating up, being pulled into the Doors of Darkness like a tremendous whale was sucking up water.

“Ah...”

Suddenly a tragic cry came from the crowd.

It was a figure dripping with blood, struggling frantically, and was pulled by the suction of the Door of Sarkness.

It was an Immortal Step realm expert of the Demon Raxe who had sustained severe injuries from the earlier battles. Unable to withstand for a moment, he was drawn up, first very slowly drifting over, he desperately struggled and wanted to steady his body.

But then something more terrifying took place.

D
rops of blood were visibly being sucked out of the wounds of the Immortal Step realm expert. He was no longer in control of his own blood, which flowed out like a brook into the Door of Darkness, and immediately he was shriveled up, lost his vitality, like a dead object, and was similarly pulled into the Door of Darkness, instantly shredded, and turned into fine powder...

“No, save me,”  another tragic scream echoed.

There was another unlucky one.

Soon, miserable screams came one after another.

One expert after another, unable to resist against the force of the Doors of Darkness, was sucked in instantly and reduced into blood and powder by the distorting force. While their essence and energy were completely absorbed and fused with the Doors of Darkness.

“Run!”

“Get out of here.”

Some experts gave up activating qi to resist upon the sight and chose to leave, turning into streams of light and directly sped down the Fierce Beast Peak.

If they were to stay any longer, even their lives would be taken away.

In a twinkling, the figures on the peak were reduced by more than half.

Those who remained were all top experts that were confident with their strength to be able to withstand against the frightful force of the Doors of Darkness.

Ye Qingyu was one of them.

He was clothed in ragged clothes and was riddled with scars like he had been bitten by a dog, but his physical strength was extraordinary. Adding to this he possessed the power of the chaotic thunder liquid, power of wind and [Supreme Ice flame] to protect his body. As a result, he was able to effortlessly seal up his essence, yuan qi and blood.

To avoid drawing too much attention, or reveal his identity, Ye Qingyu kept a low profile.

He only had purple lightning flowing around his body, and deliberately concealed the power of wind and [Supreme Ice Flame]. He stood there motionless. It was obvious that, for him, it was not too difficult to resist against that degree of pulling force.

At the same time, the mysterious bald fatty was screaming at the top of his voice. His body was curled up, like a ball of flesh, gripping onto a mountain rock with all his strength. He closed his eyes tight, like a shivering duck in a storm, clearly frightened and pale, but was not willing to leave the Fierce Beast Peak.

“Ah, ah, ah... Brother... Big brother, I’ll call you big brother, no, call you father, help lend brother a hand...” The trash took a look at Ye Qingyu, who looked very calm and relaxed, and was suddenly all excited, screaming out loud like a slaughtered pig to ask for help.

Father, help your brother?

What kind of relationship is that?

Ye Qingyu did not know whether to laugh or cry. This fatty really was a weirdo.

However, considering how the fellow acted before, perhaps he really did know something. If Ye Qingyu wanted to find Black Demon Herb, he may really have to rely on this fellow. Ye Qingyu, after a brief thought, released a ray of lightning force, forming a small shield that enveloped the bald fatty.

The fatty immediately felt the horrifying suction power fading.

“Brother, thank you for covering me.” The bald fatty Sheng Yan wiped away the beads of sweat across his face and breathed a sigh of relief.

Ye Qingyu ignored him.

The fatty was difficult to see through. Perhaps he was pretending to be a pig to eat the tiger.

In the sky, the six Doors of Darkness were increasingly more terrifying, as if they wanted to devour everything between Heaven and earth. The engulfing force very slowly permeated the entire Taowu Mountain Range. There were countless broken arms, legs, blood, bones, shattered weapons, and corpses, as well as many injured experts who did not have time to escape, and experts who were not strong enough, being pulled into the Doors of Darkness.

The scene was like the end of the world.

All of the creatures and dead objects on the ground seemed to have been turned into six tornados, constantly swirling into the six Doors of Darkness.

Only the real experts could go against the current, remain as still as a rock, waiting for the final moment to come.

“What are they waiting for?” Ye Qingyu opened his mouth and asked Fatty Sheng Yan.

The Fatry hurriedly answered without thinking when he heard Ye Qingyu's question, “Waiting until the Doors of Darkness have devoured enough flesh and blood for it to stop devouring and waiting until the amount of Black Demon  qi, corpses, blood and qi have reached the extreme limit of death. As they say, ‘extreme sorrow turns to joy’. When things reach an extreme, they can only move in the opposite direction. When death reaches the extreme, there is life. At that time, the Door of Life will appear.”

Ye Qingyu looked deep in thought upon hearing this.

Although the Fatty called Sheng Yan looked unreliable, but what he had told him so far did not seem absurd, and matched with what was happening in front of him.

But Ye Qingyu's focus was not here.

He was incredibly calm.

He knew well that his purpose for coming to the Taowu Mountain Range was only to find the Black Demon Herb, so as to complete the assessment task, and not to compete for any opportunity.

Perhaps the appearance of the Door of Life of the 18th District of the Black Demon Abyss was a great opportunity, but Ye Qingyu knew that such an opportunity had little to do with him.

First of all, because he was alone, he was no match for the many opponents of the super forces. He did not have the capital to compete against the others. If this was not his fate, then competing forcefully will only attract disaster to himself. Secondly, even if there was a certain probability, he did not have the time to compete. Once he stepped into the Door of Darkness], and into the 18th District of the Black Demon Abyss, it was unknown when he would come back out. If he delayed the assessment of Heaven Wasteland Domain, then by the time he comes back out, he may find that the Heaven Wasteland Domain has been reduced to a subsidiary colony and that Snow Empire has been turned to ashes. At that time, even if he possessed a cultivation base that defies the natural order, there would still be nothing he could do about it.

Drawing a deep breath, Ye Qingyu asked again, “Since you know so many things, then let me ask you this, where can I find Black Demon Herb?”

“Black Demon Herb?” Sheng Yan was taken aback. He did not expect Ye Qingyu to, at such a crucial moment, ask about something not related to the 18th District of the Black Demon Abyss but something unimportant in comparison.

After a moment, Sheng Yan pondered carefully and replied, “A few days ago, someone in the Black Demon Abyss was purchasing Black Demon Herb at an amount  that was near a hundred times higher than the current selling price. This kind of divine grass is now all gone. Now even if you use thousands of times of money, you most likely will have to wait until the next season of Black Demon Herb to find some. But, a day ago, at the time of the eruption of the demon tide, a lot of Black Demon Herb were spurted out, though all fell into the hands of the major forces, including the Sinful Pit, the Heavenly Meteor Sect, the Jade Pearl Sect, the Kaiyang Imperial Court, the Black Demon Race and other forces.”

Ye Qingyu knitted his brows upon hearing this.

“Big brother, with your strength, it does not seem you need Black Demon Herb, wait until the next season, offer a little higher price and you can get it,” Sheng Yan kindly reminded.

Ye Qingyu ignored the bald fatty.

He ran his gaze across the top experts of the major forces in the sky.

Sheng Yan all of a sudden had an abrupt change of expression, stuttering, “Brother... Oh, no, big brother, you're my brother, you're not going to be... not thinking of robbing those top experts for the sake of the Black Demon Herb, right? This is crazy, you must think it over again.”

Ye Qingyu cast a glance at the fatty, finding it both funny and embarrassing.

He really had such a thought in mind, but after the fatty's persuasion, Ye Qingyu also knew that he was too irrational and began to think of other ways.

At that moment——

“Everyone, the record on the divine book is not wrong, ‘Demon spits God swallows’, the darkness is receding. It is time. Hahaha, the Door of Life is about to appear,” a voice containing endless majesty sounded above the Fierce Beast Peak.

The person who spoke, standing in midair, was a figure shrouded all over in dark green light, exuding a suffocating power, like a dark green sun, and was very close to the Doors of Darkness, less than one thousand meters, but was not in any way affected by the frightening force.

Could... could it be an expert of the Saint level?

Ye Qingyu trembled inwardly at the thought.

There were nine steps of the Immortal Step boundary. One must climb the nine platform steps and knock on the Immortal gate.

Once one knocked on the Immortal gate, one will be declared a Saint.

Saint-level existences were existences of another peak boundary level of martial arts——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 730:


Chapter 748, Guardians



Since leaving Heaven Wasteland Domain, what Ye Qingyu had experienced so far could be said to be very strange. He had seen countless experts, but never a Saint-level existence.

At that moment the dark green figure in the Void that spoke was exuding an aura that was too powerful. The fluctuation of power around him contained the power of heaven. Although he was clearly situated in this world, he seemed to be in his own domain, very different from the surroundings and extremely bizarre.

From the description on some ancient records, experts with that kind of aura were sure to have knocked on the Immortal gate, transcended from worldliness, and entered the boundary of Saints.

He had overcome all worldly thoughts and entered Sainthood.

Ye Qingyu did not think that the storm on Taowu Mountain Range would attract Saint-level experts. Before the dark green flame light figure spoke, it had not caught Ye Qingyu's attention. But now the more he looked at the figure, the more frightened he was.

“That person is a guardian elder of the Jade Pearl Sect, a thousand-year-old monster, but that old monster is not the most terrifying. Do you see the woman next to him? She is the Saintess of Jade Pearl, a ruthless woman,” Fatty Shen Yan uttered in hushed tones to Ye Qingyu.

He lowered his voice to one that was very quiet, and there was a strong grudging tone in his words, as if he had suffered personally in the hands of the Jade Pearl Saintess.

Ye Qingyu cast a glance at this and followed his gaze. Sure enough, next to the dark green suspected Saint-level expert there was a graceful and curved figure of a woman.

The woman was dressed in a pure and snow-white long dress, without the slightest impurity or dirt on it, and a jade green sword scabbard hung at her slender waist. Her long black hair was draped over her back like a flowing waterfall, down to the calf, and her face was covered with a white gauzy cloth. Vaguely her strikingly beautiful face could be seen under the gauze, adding a more elegant and mysterious air. Her exposed ear and neck were as soft and fair as white jade. She was a real beauty with flesh of ice and bones of jade, untainted by even a speck of dust, radiated an elegant demeanour and without the slightest flaw.

The woman stood in mid-air with her white dress swaying gently. Her black hair was glistening, which exuded  an indescribable elegance, like a fairy of the winter palace, aloof from the world and extremely cold and lofty.

“The Saintess of Jade Pearl really is of unparalleled manner and beauty.”

Ye Qingyu was also astonished.

That moment of astonishment sent Ye Qingyu's heart rippling.

The woman, whether in appearance or temperament, was indeed worthy of being called Saintess. Even the peerless geniuses painstakingly cultivated by the Jade Pearl Sect, including the dark green flame martial Saint, evidently also could not take away the slightest of brilliance from her.

“My Sinful Pit wants one of the six Doors of Life,” another voice sounded.

The person who spoke was a youngster who looked to be in his teens, clad in a large black robe, with his yellowish disheveled hair draped across his shoulders, and did not seem to care about his appearance. His figure was skinny and his arms were crossed at his chest. His fingers were as dark as a bird's claw, and the smile on his face seemed to be full of ridicule and disdain for the world.

Behind the youngster was a blood red brilliance, inside of which could vaguely be seen a tall and thin figure. Although the appearance was unclear, the aura exuded was not in the slightest inferior to the Saint of the Jade Pearl Sect.

“That is the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit, the blood-coloured shadows behind him are his guardians, and also the people in charge of the Sinful Pit. These two guys are crazy. It's best not to mess with them.” The bald fatty Sheng Yan moved closer again.

“You seem like you know everything?” Ye Qingyu glanced at him.

The fatty smiled, and spoke without modesty, “That is true, nothing can hide from me....”

“Who are you?” Ye Qingyu casually asked.

Fatty was about to answer then suddenly reacted and his tone changed all of a sudden, “Big brother, you’re trying to find out something from me.”

“Is there something you can't say to anyone?” Ye Qingyu shot a glance at him, then his eyes shifted and quietly continued watching the groups of people around him.

In addition to the people of the Jade Pearl Sect and the Sinful Pit, there were several other forces that occupied an absolute advantageous position on the Fierce Beast Peak from the Doors of Darkness, among them Lu Li and Yang Wanqu were also present.

Sheng Yan saw that Ye Qingyu did not pay any attention to him, smiled, and came closer again. “You are looking at Tian Gian Sect's Lu Li and the Black Moon Palace's Yang Wanqu. You do not have to worry about these two trashes. They can't set off any waves. Their strength is not good enough. They were chased by the Celestial Phoenix Maiden like dogs and were almost killed. At the last moment, the Third Prince of the Kaiyang Imperial Court saved both of them since they were acquaintances.”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

His gaze swept across Lu Li and Yang Wanqu and stopped at a tall, burly young man standing in front of the two.

The young man's face was like copper, eyes bright as stars and eyebrows like swords that reached his temples. His whole body was protected by a golden battle armour, which was marked with sun formation seals. The rays of light were so bright that it was like the scorching sun and could not be looked at from a close distance. He wore a golden dragon helmet and golden battle boots, and two golden double-pointed coiled dragon spears were slung across his back. His appearance and manner of dressing was like a martial arts general from a story, emitting a flame-like aura all over.

The golden sun-armoured youngster presumably was the Third Prince of the Kaiyang Imperial Court who killed the three great elders of the Quicksand Valley.

He really was a peerless genius of his generation.

And thousands of meters left of the Third Prince of the Kaiyang Imperial Court, there was a tall, slender female war goddess, bathed in purple flames, standing opposite him.

This was a mysterious woman. Clad in a purple gold Phoenix battle outfit, and with a Phoenix mask covering her face. She possessed a unique and powerful aura that was completely opposite of the pure and cold aura of the Saintess of Jade Pearl. She was like an unsheathed divine sword, radiating that wild and powerful aura to its fullest and without restraint.

Most of all, the Phoenix mask on her face was glowing with a kind of evil brilliance, like a real living Phoenix face, concealing her power. It made others unable to see through and understand her.

Without the need to guess, Ye Qingyu already knew that the female war goddess was the legendary Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

Another strong and headstrong peerless talent.

And behind the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, there was a ball of purple flames half a meter in diameter that was blazing, revealing an aura that was comparable to that of the guardians of the Sinful Pit and the Jade Pearl Sect. Evidently it was another important figure.

In addition, Ye Qingyu also saw the people of the Black Demon Abyss. A number of Black Demon Abyss elders were surrounding a little girl who looked only twelve or thirteen years old. She must be the legendary Little Princess of the Black Demon Race.

“My Sky Meteor Sect will also take up one.” In the north-west direction, a middle-aged man dressed in a dark yellow robe spoke all of a sudden. He was another Saint-level expert, exuding an aura that was as powerful and majestic as the stars of the Ninth Heaven.

And standing beside him was a hooked nose young man. His face was fair and clear, eyes narrow and long, brows thick like swords, and he was clad in a bright yellow armour. With an icy cold expression on his face he was looking straight at the dark Doors of Life in the sky, seemingly unconcerned with what was happening around him.

These great forces had begun to negotiate.

Ye Qingyu stopped for a moment, and began to understand that the Doors of Darkness will only remain open for three days, and each door will at most allow only three people to pass. In other words, only eighteen people could pass through the six dark Doors of Life. As a result, these major forces were bargaining and fighting for their places.

Those who were not strong enough at this point seemed very embarrassed.

In the meantime, there was an elder of a demon clan called the Shocking Sky Court, who was directly killed by a guardian of the Sinful Pit when he opened his mouth. His blood sprayed across the sky and he was eliminated right away.

The other sects and experts, upon seeing the scene, were both shocked and angry. But they also dared not to say a word.

Ye Qingyu watched for a while and suddenly felt bored.

He turned to the bald fatty, asking, “Since you know so much, can you tell me what to do now to get the Black Demon Herb from the hands of these great forces?”

By now, Ye Qingyu had completely given up the idea of snatching the herb from the great forces.

At the moment, every descendant of the great forces who was in possession of Black Demon Herb was surrounded by a Saint-level guardian. If he were to go against them, then there was no difference to throwing away his life. He had no choice but to think of other ways.

“Big Brother, why do you always have to mention the Black Demon Herb?” Sheng Yan was a little puzzled, “With your strength, it is just a matter of time before you get your hands on Black Demon Herb. There is no need to be impatient. The most important thing now is the great opportunity before you, if you and I join forces...”

Ye Qingyu interrupted him, “Because what I lack most right now is time.”

“This...” Sheng Yan gave a bitter smile. “I have no other way.”

Ye Qingyu really wanted to kick the fatty over when he heard this, but at that moment, changes happened again.

The pulling force above the Taowu Mountain Range vanished all of a sudden.

The blood, bones and corpses that were drawn into the air were suddenly hurled back to the ground like rain.

In the Void.

Within the six Doors of Darkness, the space-time vortex continued. But vaguely, there was a silver brilliance infiltrating the thick ink-like darkness. The terrifying destructive power seemed to be gradually stopping like an ocean surface calming down after a storm. Each Door of Darkness had become gentler.

“The opportunity is here. The Doors of Life has appeared.” There was a tremble in the excited voice of the bald fatty.

Ye Qingyu glanced at him and really didn't understand why the fatty was so excited. With his strength, was he thinking of entering one of the doors? The most likely outcome of that course of action was that before he even came near one, he would be torn apart by the experts of the major forces.

And at the same time, following the appearance of the Doors of Life, the atmosphere on the originally silent Fierce Beast Peak grew strange.

A frenzy of madness was quietly beginning to fluctuate around——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 731:


Chapter 749, How would such a good thing happen in this world



Even though there were super forces watching over, and the deterrence was very strong, but in the face of a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, there were still people eagerly looking to try. The look on their faces was as fierce as when a gambler stakes it all on one throw.

Finally——

Swoosh!

A figure flashed.

A strong demon expert, who had been silent all this time, suddenly turned into a stream of lightning, even burning the power of his own body, and erupted out an unprecedented speed, shooting toward the nearest dark Door of Life.

The figure, like a spark falling into a pot of oil, ignited in a blaze, breaking the original balance and calmness.

Almost at the same time——

Swoosh swoosh swoosh!

Swift noises cut through the Void.

There were flashes of light.

Dozens of figures, each using different remarkable abilities, some activating divine weapons and some displaying their unique skills, like a bolt of lightning, rapidly and frantically sped toward the sky. They were going to the location where the six Doors of Darkness that have calmed down completely...

Every figure wanted to fight for them with all they have.

They hoped to storm through and break past the blockade of the great forces, enter the Doors of Life, and gain this opportunity. For if this opportunity was missed, if the great forces and the Saints experts were prepared for them, they would never have a chance to enter the Doors of Life.

But reality was brutal.

How would the great forces and the top experts allow the plan that they had painstakingly set up to go out of control? They were already well-prepared.

“They have a death wish,” the guardian of the Sky Meteor Sect sneered.

“Die.” The guardian of the Sinful Pit made a move.

“A person who does not follows the rules, unforgivable!” The guardian of the Jade Pearl Sect also acted.

The experts of the major forces, who had long occupied an advantageous position in the Void, were enraged.

Boom!

Frightening Saint-level auras erupted like a volcano.

They all attacked.

Flashes of light moved unhindered.

All kinds of battles skills were displayed.

Suddenly in the Void beneath the six Doors of Life, the power of chaos crossed paths and exploded, turning into an area of destruction.

Blood-coloured brilliance erupted.

Bones shot in all direction.

Death had descended without warning.

Those who had tried to charge into the Doors of Life were, without exception, almost instantly reduced to a fine powder by the power of chaos. Under such a situation, no matter how powerful you were, it would still be difficult to break through.

Such tragic killings lasted less than three seconds.

After the chaos, the scene was restored to calmness once again.

At that moment, the experts who tried to storm through were all killed without exception.

The icy cold deterrence was effective.

No one dared to move close to the dark Doors of Life anymore.

“Troublemakers, die!”

As the Saint-level expert of the Jade Pearl Sect, who was shrouded in dark green flames, spoke, a frightening pressure surged like the sea, and a piercing cold murderous intent pressed down on Taowu Mountain Range.

“Hoho, a bunch of stinky bugs and ants, they really have a death wish.” The blood-coloured figure who was standing behind the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit also remarked, “Everyone, it is better to kill these ants first, and then discuss how the places are to be divided, hahaha.”

As he opened his mouth, the tension in the air and killing intent grew more terrifying than before.

The people of Sinful Pit were all lunatics.

The Sinful Pit guardian would certainly dare to do what he had said.

“There are already too many creatures dead in the Black Demon Abyss. We must not allow too much blood to be shed.” A voice like a lark singing rang in the Void.

The one who spoke was the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race.

The little girl, who seemed to be only twelve or thirteen years old, spoke with an indisputable majesty in her tone, like a high and mighty sovereign.

When the guardian of the Sinful Pit heard these words, he simply sneered and did not say anything else.

Although the people from the Sinful Pit were crazy, but madness does not mean that they were really lunatics. A martial arts emperor had emerged in the Black Demon Race before, and was also a member of the Imperial family. Even in the whole wide world he was regarded as one of the strongest powers. On the other hand, there had never been a martial arts emperor from the Sinful Pit. Although they have a great foundation, compared with the Black Demon Race, they were much inferior.

Not to mention that they were situated in the Black Demon Abyss, the territory of the Black Demon Race. Even forces that could stand against the Black Demon Race still had to give face to them in the Black Demon Abyss.

The others also breathed a sigh of relief at that moment.

A word from the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race was tantamount to saving the lives of thousands of people.

Perhaps feeling he had lost face already, the guardian of the Sinful Pit burst into wild laughter, “Haha, so overly careful, if you dither around, that is just wasting time. Our Sinful Pit will go first then.”

As he spoke, he turned into a stream of light and sped directly towards a dark Door of Life.

The other major forces did not stop them.

The Sinful Pit was one of the forces who was most familiar with the plan being the group that arranged the whole thing, and thus was entitled to one of the dark Doors of Life. This was well negotiated in advance, and therefore there was no reason to stop them.

The young lord and another expert of the Sinful Pit transformed into a stream of flowing light and followed after.

But the next moment, something that no one thought of had happened.

“Ah...”

Suddenly a scream came from the sky.

The one screaming was the guardian of the Sinful Pit.

Half the body of the Saint-level expert had already stepped into the Door of Life, and seemed like he could cross through, but at that moment the door that had calmed down suddenly twisted and raged. A terrifying force bloomed. Half of the body of the Sinful Pit guardian was directly crushed into fine powder.

“Ah...” He shrieked, swiftly tried to pull back, and severed half his body using the great dao technique to break away from the fearful power of the dark Door of Life, frantically retreating and trying to escape.

“What's going on? Why is this happening?” he roared wildly, the blood-coloured flames around him were much dimmer than before, evidently he was seriously injured.

Such a development had shocked everyone.

The Young Lord and other expert of the Sinful Pit drew back at the sight, for fear of being impacted by the power of the Door of Life that was enough to destroy a Saint-level expert.

Fortunately, the frightening power from the dark Door of Life died away after the Sinful Pit guardian broke free, resuming its previous calmness.

Why was this happening?

Was it not said that after the Door of Life appeared it would be safe to enter the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss?

Was the information and speculations before all wrong?

If that was the case, then the painstaking effort that the major forces had put in, the number of places that they had fought with all their life, now seemed like a joke.

Some of the experts and sects that had lost hope of obtaining a place suddenly gloated over this.

Especially the experts who detested the guardian of the Sinful Pit. They almost laughed out loud at that moment and looked forward to seeing Sinful Pit becoming a joke.

Since it had developed to such a stage, then this was sure to be entertaining.

“The power of death drawn into the Doors of Darkness is not enough, it is unable to bear the power of a Saint level expert. Only those under the Saint level can enter safely.” The Little Princess of the Black Demon Race stated.

When this was said, the expressions on all the faces changed once again.

Some were in deep thought.

Some were skeptical.

“Why didn't you say so earlier?” The guardian of the Sinful Pit snapped, his eyes flashing red, containing inquiry and anger. He stared fixedly at the Little Princess.

A cold smile came to the Little Princess's baby face when she heard this.

Next to the little girl, a Black Demon Race expert suddenly opened his mouth and warned, “Xie Liu, you dare speak to the Princess like that, you want to die?”

“I...” Although fuming, thinking of the strength and the way the Black Demon Race acted, even the Saint level guardian of the Sinful Pit could not help but restrain his rage. He coldly huffed and no longer said anything, activating qi to heal himself.

From the beginning to the end, the Little Princess did not glance at the Saint level expert of the Sinful Pit, uttered indifferently, “Everyone, I also only saw it just now. According to the secret of our clan, I deduced that the situation has changed. The candidates we have identified before need to change. The dark Doors of Life will at most last for another three days before they disappear, Time is pressing, let's decide the candidates again.”

As her voice faded, clamour broke out.

The look on the faces of the great forces was also changing constantly.

Since Saints were unable to enter and only those below the Saint level could pass through the Doors of Life, it was extremely detrimental to the major forces. Without the top experts, they would lose absolute control over the situation once they take a step through the door.

And the most important problem was that because today's matter was well planned out in advance, the candidates were decided in advance, and for a variety of reasons, today only these identified candidates had arrived on the Taowu Mountain Range. If there was a change, there would not be enough time for a replacement to come on such short notice, and the rare opportunity would be wasted in this way.

For a moment, all sides were hesitant.

On the Fierce Beast Peak, whispers were ringing everywhere.

A moment later.

The guardian of the Sky Meteor Sect suddenly spoke, “I am willing to give away two places, friends of various clans and races. Those with strength of the Immortal Step boundary can sign up, who would like to?”

Before his voice died away.

It was as though the Fierce Beast Peak had exploded.

The experts, who had lost all hope, thought that they had heard it wrong at the beginning, but later were surprised to find that the Sky Meteor Sect were offering two places. How could such a good thing happen in this world?

“Are you serious?” someone couldn't help asking aloud.

The guardian elder of the Sky Meteor Sect nodded, “It is true, but there are preconditions. No matter who, once obtained this place and stepped into the Door of Life, you must be led by the sacred son of my sect, and protect the sacred son. I will be waiting by the door, waiting for you to come out. If after three days, the sacred son of my sect has not returned safely, and if you come out alive, I will kill you.”

As these words were heard, there was a series of cold gasps.

Like so, everyone around understood what the Saint of Sky Meteor Sect meant——





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 732:


Chapter 750, Him



The Sky Meteor Sect Saint’s purpose was very simple, to find two temporary guards for the Sacred Son of Sky Meteor Sect.

He had no other alternative.

For this opportunity, the Sky Meteor Sect had paid a great price. They had exchanged benefits with the great forces of the world only to get an opportunity to go into the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, and ultimately became one of the five great forces that eventually came onto the peak of Taowu Mountain Range.

And as the one who had arranged the plan, they had calculated everything in advance, including the number of places to enter the dark Door of Life. The guardian elder, just like the Sacred Son of the Sky Meteor Sect, was one of the final selected candidates.

And because of some restrictions of the Black Demon Abyss, not only the Sky Meteor Sect, but the Sinful Pit, Jade Pearl Sect and the other forces all sent only the final candidates here. If there were too many experts and masters here it would have made the Black Demon Race misunderstand.

But after their careful calculation, they did not think the Door of Life would not be able to bear the strength of Saint-level experts. The experts they brought were thus not allowed to enter.

In this way, the situation where there were originally carefully selected candidates had immediately turned into a shortage of people.

Most importantly, there was one thing in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss that was very important to the Sky Meteor Sect. They could not give up. If the Sacred Son of Sky Meteor Sect were to enter himself, the variables were too great that all hopes and efforts could come to nothing.

The situation was not ideal, forcing the Sky Meteor Sect guardian elder to abruptly change his strategy.

He needed to find two Immortal Step helpers to protect the Sky Meteor Sacred Son.

The reason why they had set out the conditions was to prevent the two helpers from using the name of guards for their own benefits and going out of control after entering the Black Demon Abyss.

“I will wait outside the dark Door of Life, and if my sect's Sacred Son comes back out alive then nothing will happen. But if there is an accident, then the chosen person will also be buried.”

The guardian elder of the Sky Meteor Sect looked down with incomparable majesty.

“Who would like to sign up?” he asked.

Upon hearing this, the several major forces and experts broke into clamour. Some of them were evidently tempted.

The conditions of the guardian elder were very harsh and overbearing, but also very valid and direct. With the condition that they must live and die together, in the end the person that was selected, even if they had malicious intentions, they still must fight with their life to protect the Sky Meteor Sect’s Sacred Son. Such a condition would, in the greatest degree, make use of external forces to protect his people.

After a moment, another person questioned, “If I finally protected the noble Sacred Son back safely, then if I obtained some treasures in the 18th district, who will they belong to?”

The guardian elder pondered for a moment before he responded, “Except for one thing that my sect must have, everything else is yours.”

“What?”

“Such a good exchange?”

“Really?”

The crowd was immediately boiling with excitement.

The Sky Meteor Sect was really generous this time. If this really was the case, then the conditions that they must live and die together was quite acceptable. After all, the dark Door of Life probably only emerged once in millions of years, and countless treasures were rumoured to be found in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss. Even a quasi-emperor gave up his life to go there.

“Is this for real?” in disbelief, someone asked again.

The guardian elder uttered loud and clear, “I have spoken, it is true.”

This sentence was spoken in an extremely proud voice.

A Saint-level expert had spoke out at such a scene. His words indeed had enormous weight and will not change. This is the majesty and prestige of a Saint-level expert, and the credibility that the major force has build up for thousands of years.

“What exactly is the thing that your sect must have?” someone asked loudly.

A light flickered in the Sky Meteor Sect elder's eyes, a terrifying Saint-level power began to diffuse as he warned, “This has nothing to do with you, it is best not to ask anymore to avoid suffering on account of your own meddling.”

The man was speechless.

Around four or five seconds later.

“The Patriarch of the Heavenly Dragon Ancient Sect Tian Huayu is willing to accept the conditions and accompany the Sacred Son of the Sky Meteor Sect into the Door of Life.” An imposing and striking middle-aged man came forward, carrying an ancient sword on his back. He was tall and burly, possessed tyrannical strength and exuded a chivalrous air. He was the first to sign up.

For a moment, countless eyes fell on Tian Huayu.

The Heavenly Dragon Ancient Sect was a large sect of the Heavenly Dragon Ancient Domain, which had more than five million years of history, and was once a super-large and famous domain. It had once occupied the status of being the strongest of the world, and had once possessed incredibly glorious history. But the domain later began to deteriorate, it’s resources depleted, and in the end moved towards decline. There was a great Saint that predicted that the Heavenly Dragon Ancient Domain would only last for a maximum of two thousand years before it is completely depleted and destroyed, and the living beings faced with disaster.

Because of this reason, the Heavenly Dragon Ancient Sect was also declining. The former awe inspiring top sect had become a second-rate sect, and the leader Tian Huayu was only of the Immortal Step boundary.

In order to have an opportunity to step into the 18th district of Black Demon Abyss, the Heavenly Dragon Ancient Sect also came out of their nest and paid a huge price. Tian Huayu had an important reason to enter the Door of Life and so was the first to stand forward.

With Tian Huayu taking the lead, the next moment there were dozens of Immortal Step experts coming forward.

“I, the Master of the Sky Listen Court, Zhuge Wo, is also willing to accept the conditions.”

“Me, I'll go too!”

“Choose me, choose me.”

Many people stepped forward.

They all had their own reasons to enter the 18th district of Black Demon Abyss and were all exceptionally strong Immortal Step experts. The conditions of the Sky Meteor Sect, upon careful analysis, was not too demanding, and to exchange for a place in entering the 18th district of Black Demon Abyss with such conditions was simply a wonderful thing, like origin crystals falling from the sky.

Once cultivated to a certain extent, many martial artists, in order to fight for some opportunity, were no different to common gamblers.

Light flashed in the eyes of the guardian elder of the Sky Meteor Sect, carefully looking down.

But at this moment, the Sacred Son of the Sky Meteor Sect who had been silent all this time suddenly opened his mouth to say, “I only choose the strongest people to come with me, the trash that would not survive would only waste places.”

Soon the crowd understood what he meant.

A bloodbath broke out on Fierce Beast Peak once again.

The experts who chose to sign up fought on the central ring and finally the two strongest experts emerged. One of the two who won a place to follow the Sacred Son of Sky Meteor Sect was Tian Huayu of Heavenly Dragon Ancient Sect.

Under the arena, there were dozens of corpses.

Ye Qingyu coldly watched and suddenly made a judgement about the Sacred Son of the Sky Meteor Sect. That person was ruthless and bloodthirsty, and surely not a good person. He must be careful if he ran into him in the future.

With the lead of the Sky Meteor Sect, the other great forces, except for the Black Demon Race that had occupied the advantage of being the host, such as Jade Pearl Sect and Kaiyang Imperial Court, had to adjust their previous strategy, choosing to select guards for their respective Saintess and Saint.

Another bloodbath broke out on the central arena of Fierce Beast Peak. In order to compete for a place into the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, they had launched a deadly fight as more blood soaked the stage.

With the passage of time, the competition grew more intense.

As each new candidate was born, it meant that there was one less place to the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss.

Later, experts from all sides had gone berserk with killing.

Ye Qingyu knitted his brows tightly.

He was not too surprised by the cruel scene, but the problem now was that, as before, he still had no idea on how to get his hands on the Black Demon Herb from the major forces.

At such a time, even if he had took out some divine level origin crystal to exchange for Black Demon Herb, the major forces would most likely not be tempted and only regard him as a meddler.

What should I do?

Ye Qingyu was a little impatient.

Once all the places have been finalized and the great forces have entered the dark Door of Life, the odds of getting the Black Demon Herb was even more uncertain.

“Big brother, why don't you do anything? There are not many opportunities left, now there are only four places left...” Sheng Yan anxiously urged Ye Qingyu to hurriedly fight. He occasionally swept his gaze across the sky and found something very surprising, “Hey, no, why would Lu Li and Yang Wanqu the two trash be standing next to the Third Prince of the Kaiyang Imperial Court. They have actually got a place... You're kidding, these two guys are far weaker than the Immortal Step boundary.”

Ye Qingyu took a glance and really saw that Lu Li and Yang Wanqu were humbly and incredibly grateful saying something to the Third Prince of the Kaiyang Imperial Court. The attitude they displayed was entirely different from their usual arrogant and domineering self, like they were simply two different people.

In the air.

“Your Highness, are you really going to do this?” the guardian elder of the Kaiyang Imperial Court asked casually.

The Third Prince gave a slight smile, “The opportunity is with the individual, my fate is in my grasp, why should I need their protection? What I need to do is to lead others. If I could not even break through the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, then so what if I can come out alive?”

His manner of speaking was incredibly confident, and his whole person was as radiant and bright as the War God of the Sun.

When these words came out, the Sacred Son of the Sky Meteor Sect, the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit and the others all simultaneously had an abrupt change of expression.

They were all geniuses of the same generation, but compared with this manner and imposing attitude, they were much inferior.

In a blink of an eye, the number of places was basically decided.

It was only at that moment that all people had noticed that, besides the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race, who had the advantage of being situated in her own territory and did not need to recruit outsiders, there was one who had not spoke from the beginning to end among the major super forces.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

The mysteriously powerful beautiful woman had been silent all this time, like a spectator, icy cold and aloof. The wind stirred her long violet hair, like a female martial god who did not belong to the world, exuding a power that maked one shudder all over.

At this moment, the experts who were disappointed and were about to leave all turned to the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

Of all the superpowers, there was only her who still had two places to give away.

This was their last chance.

The bald-headed Sheng Yan was frantically stabbing Ye Qingyu with his finger, “Big brother, big brother, you can’t keep a low profile anymore, quickly go, quickly...”

Ye Qingyu frowned.

At that moment——

“Celestial Maiden, I am Gui Yunzi of the Wasteland Sect, I have reached the Immortal Step boundary a hundred years ago. I sincerely ask Celestial Maiden to allow me to accompany you into the 18th district. I will follow you blindly and protect you with my life.” A white-haired old man sincerely bowed with a horsetail whisk in his hand.

“Two River Domain's [Tyrant Blade] is also willing to...”

“Nameless Sword Manor's [Autumn Water Sword] Nan Xueyi sincerely asks Celestial Maiden to give me a chance...”

“I'd like to go too...”

Many experts recommended themselves, looking up hopefully.

At this time, even the most arrogant experts and the most senior of experts could not restrain themselves. Once this opportunity is missed, there probably would not be a next time.

But there was a dull, absent light in the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's eyes.

Her eyes were fixed quietly at the dark door in the sky, which was about to fall into complete tranquillity. She seemed to be in a daze, and did not hear a single word.

“Your highness...” her Saint guardian showed up and asked.

“Huh?” It wasn't until now that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden seemed to have snapped out of her trance, looking at the guardian Saint.

The guardian Saint covered his forehead with a helpless look on his face until his Little Aunt had really recovered.

This Little Aunt, whether it was aptitude, talent, or skill, she was good at everything, but she was always lost in thought, unconcerned about all matters, and nothing could draw her attention. It seemed that her mind and attention would never stay on the same person or matter for more than ten seconds.

Seeing the expression on the guardian Saint's face, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden let out a sigh, and casually pointed her finger to one of the crowd of thousands. “Then let him come with me.”

For a moment, countless eyes were focused on the direction of the fair and soft finger.

There they saw a big-eyed and thick-browed young man dressed in rags, without the slightest fluctuation of yuan qi around him, covered with scars, and looked simply like a beggar.

And beside the beggar was a bald-headed fat man dumbfounded at the sight, mouth wide and speechless.

……

Ye Qingyu was stunned.

He never thought that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden would point to him.

Was it really a casual and unintentional point of her finger?

Or was it planned ahead?

Ye Qingyu could not decide.

The bald fatty looked around, rubbed his round face, then back at Celestial Phoenix Maiden in the sky, repeatedly confirming that the person she pointed to was Ye Qingyu. He trembled with excitement all over, exclaiming, “Big brother, it’s you, it really is you, quickly declare your stance.”

And at this moment the countless gazes on Ye Qingyu, after a short period of consternation and shock, turned envious.

In fact, for a lot of experts it was the first time they noticed that there was such a person on the Fierce Beast Peak. His aura and fluctuation of power was he really not just a servant or something?

“Celestial Maiden, please consider carefully.”

“Yes, this boy is too weak to qualify for the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss.”

“Celestial Maiden, you must not be so casual with your choice.”

After a brief silence and shock, some people could not help but open their mouth again to fight for their chance. While arguing, all were mocking and belittling Ye Qingyu, and almost crushing him on the spot.

“Hey hey, what are you saying?” The bald fatty ran his eyes across irritably, “ The Celestial Maiden has taken a fancy to my big brother. You do not agree? Well there's nothing you can do...”

In the sky.

When the guardian Saint of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden heard the fatty's remark, he had the impulse to strangle him to death.

That was a very ambiguous remark.

What did he mean by ‘the Celestial
Maiden
had taken a fancy to my big brother’? he said it as if my Aunt likes that boy...

“Him.” Under the watchful eye of all, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden indifferently raised her finger again, pointing to Ye Qingyu again, and uttered in a much firmer tone than before.

With this, the crowd was speechless.

And her guardian Saint, at this moment, also realized something, as his eyes flashed all of a sudden.

That's not right.

His Little Aunt had rarely looked at a man two times, let alone raised her fingers to point at him and said ‘him’ two times. Could it really be that, as that bald fat man had said, she took a fancy to the young man....No that can’t be right. His Aunt was not such a person. Then could it be that the seemingly ordinary young man has something special that made his Aunt look at him differently?

He closely studied Ye Qingyu again.

Sure enough, he found some clues and the more he looked, the more frightened he got.

Even with his Saint-level cultivation, he unexpectedly could not see through the strength of the young man. There seemed to be no fluctuation of yuan qi from him, but faintly there was a very vague and terrifying power, which he could not distinguish.

“Interesting.”

A smile crept onto the face of the Saint guardian.

Maybe they really had discovered a treasure this time.

“Young man, come here, the place is yours.” He smiled as kindly as he could.

On the ground.

Ye Qingyu knitted his brows.

He had no interest in the place at all.

Firstly, it was because of time constraints. He was saddled with the important task of the Heaven Wasteland Domain diplomatic corps. Secondly, who knows what sort of danger would be waiting for him in the 18th district… Ye Qingyu had not even solved the mystery of his own life, he did not want to take risks, and there were many things he still needed to do.

More  importantly, he has had many opportunities, even the great legacy of the Emperor. Why would he fight for some uncertain opportunity?

With this thought, Ye Qingyu shook his head, “I'm sorry, seniors, I don't want to go into the 18th district, so... I regret to say that I cannot comply with your wish.”

Before his voice faded.

Hua!

Clamour broke out again.

Everyone’s jaw dropped They all looked Ye Qingyu like looking at a madman and a fool. It was hard to believe that he had just said these words. He... really... turned it down?

This kid was not stupid, was he?

The smile on the guardian Saint’s face was also frozen.

At first he thought he had misheard him, but when he looked down to see the calm expression on the young man's face below, he understood that the youngster had really formally and seriously rejected his invitation.

This... was even more interesting.

The guardian Saint could tell that the youngster was not playing any tricks. He really was not interested in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss. He really was not at all tempted by the exceptional opportunity. He remained calm and composed. The youngster's mind really was frightening.

However, before everyone had reacted, in the sky, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden was not the slightest bit angry, rather indifferently repeated, “Him.”

The third time.

The guardian Saint knew that, whatever it was, when the Little Aunt said it for the third time in a row, it meant that her decision was more important than anything in the world, and must be done.

But the problem was...

They couldn’t just tie that youngster up and throw him into the dark Door of Life.

The guardian Saint felt that his old face was destined to be thrown away here today. He looked at Ye Qingyu kindly and said in a persuasive tone of voice, “Young man, do not decline in such a hurry, if you have any conditions you can suggest it, we can discuss it.”

Before his voice faded.

The experts on all sides of the Fierce Beast Peak were almost about to spit out blood and turn crazy.

It was so infuriating.

Each and every one of them were shamelessly recommending themselves, yet the Celestial Phoenix Maiden did not even take a glance at them. The little beggar clearly did not want to go, but she had repeatedly asked him to go, and even the guardian Saint had to lower his voice and persuade him. This... there won't be something fishy going on right?

“Big brother, you two know each other?” Fatty Sheng Yan’s gaze suspiciously shifted from Ye Qingyu to the Celestial Phoenix Maiden with a vulgar expression on his face.

Ye Qingyu simply ignored him.

“Lord Saint, do you have any Black Demon Herb?” Fatty Sheng Yan answered on behalf of Ye Qingyu, “If Lord is willing to sell a few Black Demon Herbs, then my big brother would like to follow Celestial Phoenix Maiden.”

“Black Demon Herb?” The Saint guardian exclaimed, “This is simple, I do have quite a few Black Demon Herbs on me, and if you need them, take them all.”

Ye Qingyu's eyes lit up.

The fat man was useful for once.

“Thank you, my lord, but my big brother had another request, he does not want to be separated from me his brother, so your second place, can you give it to me? In that case, we will have no other objection.” The fatty very shamelessly proposed a second condition.

The guardian Saint cast a glance at the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden’s gaze had already returned to the dark door in the sky.

So he nodded and said, “Yes.”

Sheng Yan jumped up excitedly.

Everyone else around them was struck dumb.

This... what is going on?

This was too casual, wasn't it?

The last two places, the two precious places that were enough to shake the world, were so carelessly and casually decided? Was the action of the Celestial Phoenix Sect a joke?

“I don't agree.” A peak Immortal Step expert could not help but stand up and gritted his teeth. “This is not fair, this boy is as weak as an ant, why does he qualify to enter the 18th district? I don't agree!”

“I don't agree either.”

“It's too casual.”

“Although these two places belong to the Celestial Phoenix Sect, but the matter of entering the 18th district is enormous and could affect the fate of the world. How can it be decided so carelessly? Why would such a trash get the opportunity?”

“Exactly.”

The great disappointment, the shock and the fury, as well the agitation of losing the opportunity had made the rest of the experts extremely enraged, and they took the risk to surround Ye Qingyu and collectively united to protest to the Saint expert——





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

