Chapter 525:


From the description of the silly dog, this Immortal Prison had too tight a security. Unless one had talent in this area, it was completely impossible for one to enter. With Ye Qingyu's current strength, he had absolutely no way of rescuing Yu Xiaoxing out of this prison.

The crucial point was that if he went to the prison to launch a rescue, if he was not successful the first time around, he would rattle the grass and startle the snake. The Greater One Sect would become even more cautious. They would move Xing'er away, or perhaps it would cause danger to Xing'er's safety. It was better to observe from the sidelines, and wait till there was an opportunity. It would not be too late to act then.

Ye Qingyu already had a plan in his heart.

He bent down, taking another bowlful of Divine Level Origin Liquid for the silly dog to drink. He rubbed his head and scratched his belly, saying with a smile, "Little Nine, it's been hard on you during this period of time. Go several more times towards Xing'er, and observe well. If there is anything that changes, notify me instantly.”

The Little Nine that had received such an excellent treatment from his master scratching his belly, joyfully wagged his tail. His furry head rubbed against Ye Qingyu, then he turned and left.

……

……

In the next couple of days, everything seemed calm on the surface.

But the turbulent currents underneath the surface did not weaken in the slightest at all.

Liu Shaji seemed to have returned to his state of being wanton and unrestrained. In this entire day, Hu Bugui and the Old Fish wandered around. They basically were sneakily causing trouble for the Greater One Sect. Although they did not cause any great matters, but it caused everyone on the Greater One Sect to not have peace.

Nan Tieyi did not spend many times causing trouble compared to them, but did spend the majority of the time together with them.

There was only Ye Qingyu, who rarely went out. Everything was for the preparation of the sword meeting.

Only at that time would he have an opportunity to save Xing'er by causing chaos. It would also destroy the plans the major forces had in invading Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Liu Shaji and the others thought that Ye Qingyu was preparing for the second battle between him and Chen Shaohua on the storm platform, so they did not go and disturb him.

Ye Qingyu could be said to have rejoiced in the peace and quiet.

But not everyone was as 'understanding' as Liu Shaji and the others.

In the battle of the Martial Enlightenment Tea Party, Ye Qingyu had forcefully defeated the successor of the Great Hua Peak, Chen Shaohua of the Greater One Sect. With his incomparable performance that day, although people did not express goodwill towards Ye Qingyu so as to preserve the face of the Greater One Sect, but after the matters had ended, they had extended invitations to Ye Qingyu.

In the martial world, the strong was revered.

Only martial geniuses would be able to become powerful experts.

For someone as young as Ye Qingyu, to have such battle power, it was enough to rank in the top twenty in Clear River Domain of the younger generation. It would naturally affect the attention of all the major sects, and would also attract the invitation of some people. This was especially so under the pretext that Ye Qingyu was under a nameless sect like the Thunder and Lightning Sect. There were many major sects that wanted to bring such a young man under their wings---- even if they could not, they could first express good will and leave a good impression behind. Perhaps it would be of good use in the future.

The Fortuitous Cauldron sent over ten pieces of Immortal metal.

The Spirit Sect promised if Ye Qingyu entered their sect, Ye Qingyu would absolutely become one of the core disciples...

The Blue Dojo promised to treats Ye Qingyu as the future successor of the Patriarch.

Even the Nangong family sent some people to pass word on, that if Ye Qingyu was willing to work for the Nangong family, the family master of the Nangong family would be willing to give the hand in marriage of his most beloved daughter, the pearl of the Nangong family, Nangong Feng to Ye Qingyu...

The Sky Demon Palace had even sent some elders over. They had stated that for Ye Qingyu, they could open the thirteenth palace in Sky Demon Palace. Ye Qingyu could become the fourth human Palace Master of the Sky Demon Palace, and would not be under the command of the other twelve palaces. He would only needed to listen to the Main Palace master. If there were other conditions that Ye Qingyu had, he only needed to state it. Such terms were extremely generous.

There was another female Patriarch of a female sect that had sent over two beautiful female disciples, wanting to use this to tempt Ye Qingyu.

Other sects such as the Star Sect, Demon Emperor Sect, Heaven Opportunity Ravine, all these sects promised exceedingly generous terms and conditions.

The most laughable was the Witticism Building. They directly indicated that if Ye Qingyu would be willing to join, then the master of the Witticism Building, who was one of the top ten beauties of Clear River Domain a hundred years ago, would be willing to forego the generation gap, and marry Ye Qingyu.

There were many strange and varied promises and benefits that were offered, causing Ye Qingyu to be unable to laugh or cry.

The thing that he didn’t expect the most was that even the Greater One Sect made an offer of peace. They said that everything that happened before could be like it never occurred. They would solve the eminity between him and Chen Shaohua, and Ye Qingyu could receive the same treatment Chen Shaohua received.

In the next couple of days, matters like this constantly happened.

Ye Qingyu politely declined at the start. But later on, he lost his patience and directly did not receive guests, not even giving them any attention whatsoever.

……

The seventh day.

Ye Qingyu was sitting in a meditative pose on the bed, bitterly cultivating.

Through the battle, he was able to realize the terrifying power of the Lightning Serum, and the power of electricity. Therefore in this period of time, he wanted to incorporate even more Lightning Serum into him. This was the quickest way of increasing his own strength that Ye Qingyu could think of.

At this time, he had a bare torso. He had long trousers and battle shoes on. These were all treasures that had been found in the storage room in the Underground Moonlight Immortal Palace. It was impenetrable to swords and impervious to fire or water. In the battle with Chen Shaohua that day, even the White Lotus Immortal Sword could not cause the slightest damage to his clothing. It was only a pity that the upper robes were not there. Everytime Ye Qingyu had to fight, he had to take off his outer robes first. It was most likely that for a very long time afterwards, he would have the title of a stripping demon.

Purple lightning surrounded him and arcs of electricity flowed through his whole body. Ye Qingyu’s thick black hair was standing up from the electricity.

The process of incorporating the Lightning Serum into himself was incomparably painful.

At such a crucial time, Ye Qingyu suddenly opened his eyes. He look towards the door, light gleaming from within his eyes. The electric arcs of light instantly withdrew into his body.

"Since you have come, why not show yourself."

Ye Qingyu said calmly.

A pale mist gradually began to appear. It ultimately transformed into a shapely figure, wearing an ancient classical long dress. It was unexpectedly a beautiful girl.

"Shen Menghua of the Hundred Spirits Sects pays her respects to young master Tian Huang.

The girl paid her respects, her manners courteous and respectful.

Ye Qingyu's gaze fell on her. He frowned, not saying anything.

This beautiful girl was namely the senior sister of the Hundred Spirits Sect that he had met during the Enlightenment Tea Party that day.

The senior sister Shen Menghua saw Ye Qingyu's expression, and instantly realized what was going on. She hurriedly apologized and explained, "Tian Huang gongzi, I had no other choice, so I had to do such a thing and infiltrate into your training room."

"No other choice?" Ye Qingyu calmly asked.

"That is so." There was a helpless dim light on Shen Menghua's face as she sighed and said, "If there was any other way, I would not have done such a thing. I am not married, so I would never have hiddenly sneaked into the chambers of a man, it's only because..." As she spoke to here, she deeply bowed. Biting her teeth, "The reason I came today was to beg that on the basis of that fact that Tian Huang gongzi is also part of the Human Race, to extend a helping hand and save the lives of thousands of girls of our Hundred Spirits Sect. I am willing to bear the crime of intruding on your training room alone.”

Ye Qingyu was completely confused and befuddled by this.

But looking at her expression and seeing the sorrowful and tragic expression on her, it did not seem to be fake. The dissatisfaction that was originally in his heart because his training room was intruded upon also faded slightly.

He rose, donning a long robe that was placed by the side. He pointed to the stone chair next to him, "Please have a seat Miss Shen. Just what is the matter? Just how can I save the lives of the female disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect? In truth, you've totally made me confused."

Since Ye Qingyu had said such words, the worried heart of the Shen Menghua, could finally return to her chest.

She could confirm her previous guess, that the Tian Huang that had shocked everyone in the platform that day with his arrogant actions, was in truth a person very easily to speak to below the platform----- at leave, he was much easier to get close to than the Chen Shaohua of the Greater One Sect.

After sitting in the stone chair, Shen Menghua began to describe her intentions in coming here.

As the Hundred Spirits Sect that had thousands of years of history in the Clear River Domain, with exceptional medical arts, they had many benevolent relations with many forces already. They received the protection of some powerful major forces, and was in alliance with many major sects. In this domain, they could be regarded as a top level sect, and had the respect of most people.

But in recent years, the Divine Doctor of the previous generation had suddenly disappeared. As a result of this, some medical arts and techniques had been lost, so they had no way of providing some medical services tothese powerful forces. They had even caused several incidents where they had misdiagnosed some issues and caused several matters. This caused the reputation of the Hundred Spirits Sect to be harmed, and their status rapidly deteriorated. Their glory of the past could not be regained, and they slowly lost the regard of these powerful forces.

The Heavenly Desire Demonic Sect that had been looking threateningly towards the Hundred Spirits Sect also took this chance to take action again the Hundred Spirits Sect.一

In this year of time, the Heavenly Desire Demonic Sect had kidnapped hundreds of females disciples from the Hundred Spirits Sect, using them as cauldron fodder to cultivate their demonic arts.

The Heavenly Desire Demonic Sect was originally an evil sect that made people's face turn pale from the mention of it in Clear River Domain. Whether it was man or woman, they would enter into the demonic way through lust. Both men and women in the sect were perverted, brutal and evil people.

The Hundred Spirits Sect female disciples that fell into the hands of the Heavenly Desire Demonic Sect had an easily imaginable tragic ending. Not only were they brutally raped, they were used as tools and objects. There were many that died.

The strength of the Hundred Spirits Sect could not be compared to the Heavenly Desire Demonic Sect at all. They fought several times, and had tragic losses every time. The disciples of the sect were kidnapped one after another.

With nothing they could do, the Hundred Spirits Sect could only ask for the aid of all the major sects.

At the beginning, there were really some sects who lent a helping hand, and the situation began to turn positive.

But later, for some unknown reason, the reinforcements that the other sects had provided were taken away, and the situation rapidly deteriorated.

Until now, there were already three to four hundred disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect that had fallen into the claws of the Heavenly Desire Demonic Sect. These included tens of elders, as well as four or five genius female disciples that the Hundred Spirits Sect had high expectations for. They could not escape from this calamity.

The Hundred Spirits Sect requested external aid, but hit wall after wall.

This continued on to today. They were already completely backed into a corner.

This Sword Storm Meeting was their last chance.

Ever since coming to the Greater One Sect, the higher ups of the Hundred Spirits Sect would ask for aid from all the major sects. But for some reason, they kept bumping into walls, not receiving any reply at all. Even the Greater One Sect began to exhibit uncaring responses. Everyone had despair on their faces. When there was an urgent disease, one had to seek medical aid everywhere. They ultimately could only seek out Ye Qingyu.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 526:


“Please, can I have for young master Tian Huang to extend your helping hand, to save the Hundred Spirits Sect from a calamity." As she uttered the last words, there was a pleading colour in her eyes, the expression of senior sister Shen Menghua tragic.

Ye Qingyu fell silent.

The situation of the Hundred Spirits Sect was indeed pitiable.

For a group of women to be able to support a sect in this world where the strong devoured the weak, as well as to maintain it for several thousand years, was definitely not easy. For such an evil sect like the Heavenly Desire Demonic Sect, with Ye Qingyu's temperament, if he encountered them, he would definitely try to think of a way to completely exterminate them. But it was only just that this was not Heaven Wasteland Domain. The martial power in the Clear River Domain was much stronger than Heavenly Desire Demonic Sect. Ye Qingyu did not completely understand this Heavenly Desire Demonic Sect, but to be able to make many of the alliance friends of the Hundred Spirits Sect to back away, it was most likely that they were not a simple power. Even if Ye Qingyu had such an intention, he did not have the power to achieve much.

Right now, Yu Xiaoxing was in the hands of the Greater One Sect, Ye Qingyu was carrying fictitious crimes. He could not even take care of himself. In the present period of time, he must remain in the Greater One Sect.

Seeing that Ye Qingyu had fallen silent, the heart of Shen Menghua began to grow colder and colder.

Such a silent rejection had been experienced not just by her, but by the entire people of the Hundred Spirits Sect many, many times over. At the beginning, they felt hurt and sorrowful, but right now they had already begun to turn numb.

This time, they had asked for Ye Qingyu's help, but in reality, they were madly seeking aid in a desperate situation. Furthermore, this was Shen Menghua's own idea, she had not asked for the advice of the Hundred Spirits Sect.

Biting his teeth, the senior sister disciple made her determination. "If young master Tian Huang is willing to extend your aid, and able to assist the Hundred Spirits Sect in beating back the Heavenly Desire Demonic Sect, then I am willing to accompany young master, pouring tea and water for you, serving you..."

Ye Qingyu, upon hearing this, could not laugh or cry. He knew that this beautiful female disciple had misunderstood his meaning. He quickly waved his hand, "Miss Shen, I am not just declining and making things difficult. Upholding virtue and condemning evil is the natural duty of martial experts. For such an evil sect like the Heavenly Desire Demonic Sect, it should be exterminated by everyone. But the issue is, how can you be so sure that I can make the Heavenly Desire Demonic Sect retreat? It most likely is a major force within Clear River Domain. I am just one man alone. Even though I defeated Chen Shaohua that day, but it does not truly represent that I can threaten the Heavenly Desire Demonic Sect.

"This..." Shen Menghua did not know what to say.

Could it be that he wanted her to admit they were desperate to try anything in a crisis?

Or perhaps admit she was only hoping that the Lightning and Thunder Sect had an incomparable deep foundation and hidden strength? She was only looking to borrow the power of the Lightning and Thunder Sect.

Seeing her hesitation, with Ye Qingyu's perception, he instantly guessed her thoughts.

With a thought, Ye Qingyu asked again, "This time you came here in stealth, is it because you are worried that the Greater One Sect will know that us two have met?"

Shen Menghua's heart quivered. With a faint hesitation, she could only helplessly nod her head.

In these days, the attitude of the Greater One Sect towards them were indecisive and wavering. But after all, they had given a certain level of respect and courtesy towards the Hundred Spirits Sect. Before the Greater One Sect had made it's ultimate decision, the greatest hope of the Hundred Spirits Sect was still the Greater One Sect. Therefore, they absolutely could not allow the Greater One Sect to find out that the Hundred Spirits Sect had secretly met with the successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect who had just humiliated the Greater One Sect disciples and injured Chen Shaohua. Otherwise, if the Greater One Sect was angered, then the last hope of the Hundred Spirits Sect would be gone.

But without knowing why, Shen Menghua's intuition told her to seek out Ye Qingyu.

After the battle at the Enlightenment Tea Party, the Shen Menghua who had hesitated for five or six days, ultimately sneakily arrived at the posterior Greater One Peak.

Right now, in front of Ye Qingyu, facing a youth that look even younger than her, there was a strange sensation occurring in Shen Menghua. For some unknown reason, it was as if all her thoughts were being seen through by this youth.

Ye Qingyu looked at her expression, and could already largely confirm his own initial judgement.

He was currently conflicted on what he could say to this girl, when his gaze unintentionally swept past a jade piece on the waist of Shen Menghua. His heart suddenly quivered, his gaze focused on it.

“This is...”

Ye Qingyu was incomparably shocked to discover that there was a strange pattern on the jade piece that was the size of a thumb. It was something recognizable, giving him an extremely familiar feeling.

From its rough appearance, its pattern was exceedingly simple. It was like a primitive formation, or like some sort of simplified pattern.

"I seem to have seen it before somewhere... Ah, that's right, It was in that Moonlight Palace in the underground river. The pattern on the robe of that white-haired mysterious person on the stone bed and stone room, was evidently the same as the pattern on this jade pendant..." Ye Qingyu's heart was shocked.

A thought like a flicker of light suddenly flitted past his mind.

Even the old fish was not aware of the background of that white-haired mysterious person. But she evidently looked exactly the same as his mother.

From the beginning, this was a huge mystery that he yearned to get to the bottom of.

However there were very little clues.

Seeing the pattern on the jade piece on the waist of Shen Menghua, Ye Qingyu could not help but connect her to that white-haired mysterious person.

Trying to make his emotions somewhat calmer, Ye Qingyu said nonchalantly, "The jade piece on Miss Shen's waist seems very intricate.”

"Ah?" Shen Menghua was somewhat nonplussed. She had never imagined the attention of this young master Tian Huang, would be focused on such a little jade piece. A question could not help but be raised in her heart. But she very quickly reacted, “This is the identity badge of every Hundred Spirits Sect disciple. There's one for every person. The jade material is very rare divine jade, it’s the Hundred Spirits jade of our Hundred Spirits Sect. If you like it, then I can send someone to bring some over."

Ye Qingyu nodded his head upon hearing this, "This really is a good piece of jade. The pattern on this jade pendant is simple and stylish. It should be made from the hands of some famous master?"

There was a strange colour on Shen Menghua's face. But she still replied truthfully, "The pattern on the face of the jade pendant is a complete pattern that the founding Patriarch of the Hundred Spirits Sect left behind. We call it the [Departure Imprint]. It is one of the markings and the symbol of someone that belongs to the Hundred Spirits Sect.

[Departure Imprint]?

Ye Qingyu pondered.

Without knowing why, he suddenly thought of that ancient poem on the handkerchief that had covered the face of that white-haired mysterious person.

...Enter the longing mind, understand the longing pain, long yearning recalls memory, short yearning is infinite,

…If I had known that my thoughts would be so tangled, it would be better to not have met.

That ancient poem, was all about departure and leaving. And this pattern was called the [Departure Imprint], there must be some connection between them.

A short moment later.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head. "Miss Shen, I can promise you that I can go to the Hundred Spirits Sect. But it’ll be until after this Sword Storm gathering, because I have some important matters that I need to do. No matter what, the Thunder and Lightning Sect will definitely extend it's assistance towards the Hundred Spirits Sect.

Hearing this, Shen Menghua was overjoyed.

She did not imagine, just when there were no more roads open to her, she would see a glimmer of light at the darkest time.

When this Tian Huang diverted the subject of conversation on the pattern of this jade piece, she thought this was a type of rejection. She had not imagined that he would suddenly accept.

"Thank you, young master Tian Huang."

Shen Menghua was really pleased beyond her expectations.

At the beginning, she did not even have the slightest of expectations that Ye Qingyu and the people of the Thunder and Lightning Sect would immediately follow her back to the Hundred Spirits Sect.

During the time of the Storm Sword gathering, perhaps it was because all the attention of the major forces and powers was focused there, the Heavenly Desire Demonic Sect unexpectedly maintained a strange sort of peace. From the news coming from the Hundred SpiritsSsect, it seemed that the Hundred Spirits Sect was comparatively safe during this period in time. But whether there were any hidden currents underneath, was not something that could be known.

"No need to be courteous." Ye Qingyu let out a faint smile.

Shen Menghua hesitated for a brief while. She finally could not help but ask again, "Can your words, young master Tian Huang, really represent your master?"

Ye Qingyu saw the expression of this beautiful and clever girl, and knew her thoughts. With a laugh, "Rest assured, my words can represent the entire Thunder and Lightning ect."

Shen Menghua let out a breath of relief.

She originally was somewhat worried that the promise of this young master Tian Huang really could not represent the power of the entire Thunder and Lightning Sect. Although young master Tian Huang was powerful, but he was still young. Even if he was powerful, he would only have influence in the younger generation. For him to fight against a major power like the Heavenly Desire Demonic Sect, he was still too immature. Even if he acted out honourably, to save the Hundred Spirits Sect from their danger was like a cup of water on a burning cart. But if the mysterious and unfathomable Thunder and Lightning Sect was to act, then it was a different situation.

At this, the worries in Shen Menghua's heart could finally be completely resolved.

The result of hiding and coming here today was even more perfect than her initial expectations.

Pausing for a bit, as if she had suddenly thought of something, the senior sister Shen Menghua could not help but give out a word of warning, "Young master, please do not be too careless in the Storm Sword battle. The Greater One Sect has unfathomable depths, they will most likely give a lot of support to Chen Shaohua. This successor of the Greater One Peak’s strength will definitely increase explosively. He will have countless methods up his sleeve, and will definitely become a strong opponent.”

Ye Qingyu smiled faintly, not denying this, saying, "Thank you for your warning."

As the conversation progressed to this stage, both parties knew the other's intentions well.

Shen Menghua was an exceedingly clever person. She knew it was time for her to go, so she rose and expressed her thanks. She left a promise behind, saying that 'No matter what, the Hundred Spirits Sect will definitely have a heavy reward' then turned and left.

Ye Qingyu did not see her off. He only stood silently in his room, remaining deep in thought for a long time.

The situation of the Clear River Domain was exceedingly complex and it was growing increasing chaotic. The [Departure Imprint] of the Hundred Spirits Sect had appeared, which made him realize that the mystery to his own origins was even more complex than his imagination.

"I wish that the appearance of that [Departure Imprint] and that white-haired mysterious person is only a coincidence."

He mumbled to himself in a low voice.

There was a scorching fierce heat throbbing on his arm.

Rolling up his sleeve, the curse imprint of the Demon Spider Race was growing increasingly clear. The blood red spider mark was like it was flowing with blood and burning with flames. The power of the curse was madly surging within it, as if there would be something terrifying that would come crawling out of the curse mark.

There was a faint smile that appeared on Ye Qingyu's face.

"Interesting. For the curse to be so lively, this means that the experts of the Demon Spider Race must be extremely close to me. If my conjecture is not wrong, then most likely someone from the Demon Spider Race will have already infiltrated into the Greater One Sect. They have definitely discovered my existence, but for them to not have acted against me means that they were evidently waiting for something... interesting, it seems that the Demon Spider Race is planning something big. It is most likely that they're coming here to specifically act against the Sword Storm Meeting of the Greater One Sect... the waters are becoming muddier and muddier."

Rolling down the sleeve, he covered the imprint of the curse.

"Fine. The more chaotic, the better. This is the best situation to benefit while the waters are murky.”

Ye Qingyu's mood become much more relaxed.

At this time, there was a shameless and dirty laughter coming from outside----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 527:


"Che Che Che, don't push me..."

"Don't crowd me..."

"Old Cross-Eyed, you're standing on my foot."

There were furtive noises that were coming from outside the door. Then they saw the door being brutally broken open, and several figures fell inside.

Ye Qingyu looked at these figures and could not cry or laugh.

Just what sort of people were these.

They evidently had intentionally entered, but was still pretending to have made a mistake.

Hu Bugui as well as the Old Fish's eyes swirled around and pretended to be surprised, "Eh, where is she? I evidently saw a little beautiful lady enter, quickly come out, haha, where have you hidden her..."

“I say little brat, you are really being dishonest, to think you were hiding a woman." Liu Shaji had already reverted to his usual state in these two days, as he laughingly teased Ye Qingyu. "In truth, you don't need to hide. We are all grown people, and you are young and in the prime of youth. You have such great fame, having one or two women is common."

Nan Tieyi was standing outside the door with a grin, looking at this scene.

Ye Qingyu could not laugh or cry. "She left long ago."

"She left already?" The old fish did not act like his age. "From my calculations, it should not have even been fifteen minutes since the beginning. You finished so quickly? That girl is not bad. Beloved disciple, could it be that you can't last long?"

Ye Qingyu was instantly enraged, "Old bastard... I... I really have endured you for a long time.

As he said this, his leg went flying.

"Oh, you dare kick your master." The old fish dragged his voice out, like a leather ball that was kicked away. He flew directly out from the doors.

Liu Shaji and Hu Bugui saw that the situation was not favourable, and instantly turned to run.

“Brother Tian Huang, are you angry from embarrassment?"

"Haha, don't hide a sickness from fear of treatment. If you can't do it, then you need to seek treatment. Seeking this earlier is best."

The two shouted as they ran. In the blink of an eye, they had disappeared far off.

From outside, there was only the successor to the Immortal God Emperor Sect left behind.

Turning his head to look at these weird people, Nan Tieyi's heart was somewhat warm and cheerful.

He turned to look at Ye Qingyu, thinking for a bit. he smiled, "In the Sword Storm Meeting ten days later, Chen Shaohua will definitely come prepared. We saw that you were working hard and training in isolation. But don't be too strict on yourself and have such high requirements. A certain level of relaxation can challenge your state."

Ye Qingyu turned his gaze away from the distance. "I know everyone's good intentions. They seem like they are teasing me, but in truth they are helping me optimize my mood and state, to prevent me from feeling too much pressure... but, do you really think that I feel such great pressure?" Ye Qingyu smiled. "It is only a Chen Shaohua. If I can defeat him once, I can defeat him a second time. Even if the Greater One Sect gives a divine sect tool to him, this does not represent that they can win back the thing they need.”

The sunlight shone from the door outside, landing on Ye Qingyu's face.

This vigorous and energetic youngster had self-confidence and arrogance flowing through his face. There was a strong aura that could not be described enshrouding his whole body.

Nan Tieyi was dumbfounded for a bit.

In his heart, in that moment, there was a faint envy that was aroused.

……

……

In the next period of time, Ye Qingyu was in training.

As the saying goes, one despises the enemy in terms of strategy but attach value to the enemy in terms of tactics. Ye Qingyu did not even give any importance to Chen Shaohua.

But if he wanted to save Yu Xiaoxing, then he could not avoid the massive entity of the Greater One Sect. He even had to face some of the alliance friends of the Greater One Sect, such as the Southern Palace family as well as the Sky Demon Palace. These were all top level powers. That's why he must make full preparations. There must not be any errors, because if there was a mistake at all, it not only would cause Yu Xiaoxing to fall into danger, it was even possible it would plunge the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain into chaos.

There were still four days till the Sword Storm Meeting.

In these days, there were continuously many forces from Clear River Domain that arrived at the Greater One Sect. Counting all the small and large forces, there were at least several thousands of sects, and tens of thousands of people.

The originally quiet and serene Greater One Sect suddenly became bustling and lively.

Even the peak that Ye Qingyu and the others were in, that was further back, was affected. It was originally quiet and serene, and the building that they belonged to was simple and minimalistic. Even some low level disciples of the Greater One Sect did not wish to stay here. But in these days, there were continuously people coming here, filling it up. They were all people of some small or infamous sects. The originally serene back peak was no longer quiet.

Old Fish evidently extremely liked the atmosphere with all sorts of people.

This fellow had the title of the Patriarch of the Thunder and Lightning Sect. He flashed and waved this title around and really managed to intimidate some people.

After the battle at the Enlightenment Tea Party, the name of the young master Tia Huang became famed throughout. It caused the name of the Thunder and Lightning Sect to resound.

Ye Qingyu still kept himself to himself, and rarely came out of isolation.

He had already managed to incorporate three drops of Lightning Serum into his body. Adding to the previous three drops already inside his body, there were now six drops in total.

Right now, he was currently attempting to incorporate the seventh drop.

He had previous experience already. But when that drop of Lightning Serum was ingested into his mouth, in an instant there were thousands of lightning arcs exploding throughout his entire body. The terrifying power of lightning that had not been tamed yet was wildly destroying and tormenting his fleshly body. It was like little blades running throughout his inner organs, cutting apart every inch of his body, or like tens of thousands of blood-thirsty ants devouring and biting apart his flesh. This type of pain really was difficult to endure unless one had great will and determination.

For Ye Qingyu, he was already used to such pain.

There was a layer of sweat coming out from his head, and on the surface of his skin, there were tiny blood droplets coming out from his pores.

But his expression was exceedingly calm and stable. He was cultivating in the [Ultimate Lightning Enlightenment], absorbing and transforming this droplet of Lightning Serum into power he could use. Especially the fragmented and scattered lightning laws contained within the Lightning Serum; this was the true essence of power.

The Lightning Serum was something that the Lightning Emperor had refined in the past. It contained the will and Dao of Lightning that the Lightning Emperor had comprehended in the past, and this was something that Ye Qingyu cared about extremely.

He sat there on the stone bed with his legs crossed. There was a violet lightning curling around him. It formed a small lightning realm, three meters around his body.

The process of incorporating and absorbing the seventh drop of Lightning Serum had already reached the last stage.

Time passed by.

The tiny and minute droplets of blood all around Ye Qingyu's skin was once again returning into his body through his pores.

Every droplet of blood was the culmination of a martial expert’s spirit and power, it could not be easily lost like that.

In truth, the process of incorporating the Lightning Serum was also a process for training one's body.

From ancient times, electricity was the best way of refining one's body.

The nameless breathing technique as well as the True Will of the Sky Dragon was also activated, cooperating seamlessly. This further increased the effect of the body refinement.

He closed his eyes, using his consciousness to view inside.

The body that had been damaged in the process of absorbing the seventh drop of Lightning Serum was currently recovering. The previous lighting power that was as wild and as powerful as a dragon, had transformed into the gentleness and warmth of spring wind. It was like a warm stream, running throughout his limbs and bodies. It was as if every cell in his body contained the power of lightning.

Even his own blood began to display a faint violet colour.

But Ye Qingyu had already discovered such signs after incorporating three drops of Lightning Serum.

It was only that after absorbing another four drops of Lightning Serum, the faint violet colour in his blood and flesh had become slightly darker.

This represented that the lighting power contained within his own body, had become increasingly stronger.

Old Fish had once said, once all the blood in his body and flesh had turned to violet, then it would once again return to normal. It would once again return to its fresh red colour. Then this would represent his mastery of the power of lightning reaching a high level. This was equal to the power of the Lightning Emperor before he had completely formed his path, before he had received the power of lighting from the heavens. In the aspect of giving information to Ye Qingyu, the Old Fish was extremely reliable. He told everything that he knew, without holding anything back to Ye Qingyu.

From this perspective, this old cocked eye known as Olf Fish could be called Ye Qingyu's master. He was just not assuming a position.

"It's only that the state that the Old Fish is in is too far away from me. I have to take things step by step. The martial path has to be advanced forward vigorously, but it also has to be done in a steady and serious way.

Ye Qingyu knew this clearly in his own heart.

He continued to use inner vision, observing the state that his body was in.

But at this time ---

"Eh? What is this?"

There was faint shock in Ye Qingyu's heart.

Because he discovered, on one of his bones, there was a faint strange mark that had suddenly appeared.

Ye Qingyu could be sure, there was absolutely not any of such mark before.

This mark was exceedingly simple. It was like a thunderbolt solidifying the moment it exploded in the air, as if it was casually drawn from a child that did not even know how to write. It was a faint violet colour that was above the bones. It was extremely unclear, and if one did not closely examine himself, one would not be able to discover this at all. Looking at it, it seemed rough and simple. At this period in time, Ye Qingyu could not sense just what sort of use this lightning mark had.

"This is a mark that appeared after incorporating seven drops of Lightning Serum. Could it be a mark of the laws of Lighting?"

This was the guess in Ye Qingyu's heart. It made him both overjoyed and surprised.

But after attempting several times, he still did not discover what use this mark had.

But his intuition told Ye Qingyu that this was evidently a good sign.

After carefully examining all over using inner vision, Ye Qingyu discovered that it was not all bones that had this marking. The only bones that had this faint lightning bolt mark appearing was only some main important bones in his body.

After finishing his inner vision, Ye Qingyu slowly opened his eyes.

He extended his hand, his five fingers spreading wide.

With a thought, arc after arc of violet lightning appeared between his fingers.

The arcs of electricity flickered and curled, appearing in all sorts of different forms and shapes. It transformed into the shape of different tools, appearing extremely lifelike. It was like violet-coloured sprites that danced between Ye Qingyu’s fingers under his control. It seemed cute and obedient, as if it was a part of Ye Qingyu's own will.

"My control over the power of lighting had increased multiple times compared to a few days ago."

This new feeling of making arcs of electricity appear and transform according to his heart made Ye Qingyu feel incomparably overjoyed.

In the next second, his will changed.

Chi lah--!

Amidst this strange sound, the electricity around his fingers suddenly converged. The violet colour became more and more concentrated, ultimately transforming into a throbbing purple flame.

This violet flame followed along his palm and his arm, and spread around Ye Qingyu's entire body in the blink of an eye, like he was being burned up. His entire person was being surrounded by the violet-coloured light, and this power of electricity transformed into the appearance of armour. Although it was not exceedingly clear, but compared to the faint violet mist that was as thin as paper around his body in the battle against Chen Shaohua that day in the Enlightenment Tea Party, it was already many many times stronger.

There was an extremely satisfied expression on Ye Qingyu's face.

"The power from these seven drops of Lightning Serum is evidently not enough to fully form a complete armour of electricity. But even this half finished product is enough to easily receive the strike of the [White Lotus Sword Strike] from Chen Shaohua's White Lotus Sword."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 528:


Chapter 548, Preparation



That day, when the Thunder and Lightning mist protection, which had been strengthened with three drops of Lightning Serum, was eventually broken by Chen Shaohua, Ye Qingyu endured the [White Lotus Sword Attack] with his physical body alone and had suffered only some minor injuries.

But now, with his Thunder and Lightning armour that had been strengthened with seven drops of Chaotic Lightning Serum, if he fought Chen Shaohua again, then a high level battle skill such as the [White Lotus Sword Attack] would no longer be able to break Ye Qingyu’s defense.

He suddenly had a thought, the purple lightning flame did not sink into his body.

Ye Qingyu slowly rose to his feet.

The power of his body was surging, the strength of his physical body had increased sharply, and in terms of pure physical strength, he was several times greater than before.

Moving his joints about a little, Ye Qingyu had the feeling that if the world had rings around it, he felt that he could even pull the sky and earth together.

Ye Qingyu carefully appreciated the strength of his body. A layer of faint silver dragon scales began to grow from under the skin, and then quietly shrunk back in. The True Will of the Sky Dragon could be activated freely, and the transformation into a dragon will allow his pure physical strength to rise even more.

“Since ancient times, thunder and lightning are powers that the dragon clan possesses. It is rumoured that in the ancient era of demon and gods, the founder of the power of thunder and lightning was a sacred dragon, I have now mastered the True Will of the Sky Dragon, and can transform into a dragon. Does that mean that if I display the power of thunder and lightning in the dragon form, its power will also rise dramatically?”

Ye Qingyu was suddenly enlightened.

But he did not immediately try to implement it.

The present rear peak region had too many people, it was not a good place to train.

Placing aside the idea, Ye Qingyu once returned to the stone bed, sat crossed legged, and operated the faint consciousness within his body, sending his entire spirit to the mural space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].



Ever since that day his body was struck by the Heavenly lightning tribulation, many changes had happened as a result. Ye Qingyu now had about 80% of his consciousness trapped in the mysterious mural space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], unable to break free, which resulted in Ye Qingyu being unable to operate his inner yuan. As a result of this, his strength was inferior to a 10 spirit Spring expert. Fortunately, the inner wall of the space had the effect of improving and enhancing his consciousness. Having taken out some time every day to observe the mysterious murals, Ye Qingyu’s consciousness had been improving at a very frightening speed.

Entering into the mural space, fusing with his consciousness, Ye Qingyu almost groaned out in comfort.

The mixture of perfect consciousness power was like the vast sea, or the ocean of stars of the universe, incomparably grand. It instantly gave Ye Qingyu a dominating and powerful feeling as though he was God. It was as if everything between the Heavens and Earth was under his watch, and as long as he wanted to, he could rule over everything.

“My current consciousness power is too abnormal, most likely close to the peak of Heaven Ascension.”

Ye Qingyu speculated in his mind.

He had not experienced the power of Heaven Ascension, also had never seen the consciousness power of the peak of Heaven Ascension, but from some ancient books and the descriptions from Old Fish, he vaguely knew what kind of boundary it was. So, towards the degree of strength of his own consciousness, Ye Qingyu was relatively accurate, and probably even a bit conservative.

But he had not yet been able to view all the murals of the mural space.

As of today, the murals that Ye Qingyu’s consciousness had observed were no more than 20 paintings.

At this time he was operating his consciousness power, viewing the 21st painting.

On this mural, which was depicting a scene of ancestors hunting, there were hundreds of lifelike looking ancestors in animal skins, clasping stone spears and stone knives, and hunting a tremendous three-headed beast. Everywhere was in flames, the ancestors were sounding the war drums, hurling stone spears at the giant beast, and climbing onto the beast’s body, and there were some people wailing miserably as they were torn apart and trampled to death. It was a tragic scene.

The murals were like flowing light.

Finally, it could be seen that two of the beast’s heads were severed, fell to the ground, and the last head along with the body was sinking into the void.

The ancestors on the ground were arrogantly chasing after it, while others were chanting victory...

Depicted on this mural were hundreds of people but each face was clear and detailed, like a real person. It was absolutely breathtaking.

Of course, the strangest of all was that, when Ye Qingyu began to observe the mural. Even with his current consciousness power, he could feel his head spinning, and in his dizziness, the picture seemed alive. The ancestors, and that three-headed beast, seemed to have come to life, fighting before Ye Qingyu. And vaguely, he seemed to hear the thunder-like roar of the drums, the chanting of the ancestors, the bellow, and the roar of the beast.

When Ye Qingyu's consciousness finally failed to withstand the power of laws of this mural, he withdrew from the illusion.

If nothing went wrong, then his consciousness power had again been markedly enhanced.

“It’s a pity, I have such a strong consciousness, but cannot get out.”

Ye Qingyu sighed.

Once again he tried to strike the consciousness seal, and the result was a failure as before.

But the good news was that the consciousness seal of the mural space seemed to have loosened up a lot.

At this rate, it will take at least a year or two for it to completely break free.

“Nevermind, at least I can strengthen my consciousness at an abnormal rate. There is no need to be impatient, such an opportunity is something that many
martial artists dream of.”

Ye Qingyu's mentality was very good.

Every day once he completed his consciousness training, he would detach a wisp of consciousness to return to the flesh.

It was also at this time that another racket sounded outside the door.

Indistinctly, he could hear the extremely loud voice of Old Fish. He seemed to be in a fight with someone again, speaking in a threatening manner, and if the other party did not apologize, he said he would get his disciple Tian Huang and so on. Then the other party immediately spoke in a much quieter voice, seemingly frightened, and chose to swallow their anger, while Old Fish laughed heartily in a louder voice...

Ye Qingyu did not need to go out to know what was going on.

Such scenes had happened many times in just a short period of one or two days. As the rear peak, this remote area gradually was packed with people. Old Fish began to abuse the name of the Thunder and Lightning Sect.

Towards the behaviour of the fish that had lived for millions of years, Ye Qingyu really was speechless.

He no longer cared about the uproar outside.

Because his consciousness had been imprisoned, resulting in him being unable to cultivate yuan qi for such a long time, he was unable to store yuan qi power.

Although his physical strength was near invincible, Ye Qingyu still had a little obstacle.

His mind sank into his dantian, allowing him to view the current barren world of the dantian.

The spring water of the one hundred sprit Springs was silent, the stream of yuan qi that had developed to the size of an ocean was as still as a mirror, there was not the slightest wave or ripple on the surface. This was because of his incomplete consciousness, and him being unable to control his yuan qi power, causing his yuan qi power to sink into a silent state. If his consciousness was complete and tyrannical as before, then there should have been raging waves, roaring rivers, his yuan qi power frantically rising, and surging torrents. Once activated, his yuan qi strength would be endless.

Now it was in a state of silence, and he was temporarily unable to cultivate yuan qi.

Ye Qingyu pondered for a moment, then suddenly something came to mind.

“There is still a lot of Divine-level Origin liquid left, it should be good to use, and it may also help improve my yuan qi cultivation.”

……

Time quickly went by.

In the blink of an eye, the Storm Sword Meeting was just three days away.

Gongzi Tian Huang, to the experts of many sects at the rear peak, was incredibly well known, but they did not have a chance to see him.

Many people would surround Ye Qingyu's straw cottage, hoping to catch a distant glimpse of the new talented martial artist of Clear River Domain, but unfortunately their wish was not fulfilled.

Because Ye Qingyu had not stepped out of his door once these days.

And the news of Gongzi Tian Huang locking himself up to practice had spread like wildfire.

Everyone knew that at the Sword Storm Meeting, [Sword Leaves No Person] Chen Shaohua would battle Tian Huang once again, and obviously Tian Huang was in preparation for the upcoming life and death battle.

When news spread to Great Hua Peak, Chen Shaohua, who had also been training diligently, gave a sneering laugh.

“So that arrogant little bastard also feels afraid. Haha, unfortunately it is already too late, the foundation of my Greater One Sect is incredibly deep, can an obscure Thunder and Lightning sect be compared to us. When I can skillfully control the [Greater One Double Wheels], on the Storm Platform, I will send you to hell and you will never have the chance to return, hahaha...”

In the midst of the cold laughter, one yin and one yang, one bright and one dark, two fine wheels emerged from behind Chen Shaohua.

[Greater One Double Wheels] was one of Greater One Sect’s eight divine weapons. It was a top divine weapon that the ancestors of Greater One Sect had left behind, and was a much stronger weapon than the [White Lotus Immortal Sword]. Under the strangulation of the double wheels, not even ghosts can escape.

Seven days ago, Chen Shaohua had persistently begged his master to borrow this divine weapon.

This pair of divine wheels was his trump card in killing Tian Huang on the Storm Platform, and in becoming famous in Clear River Domain.

Of course, he had many methods.

“This time, it absolutely must be perfect. I will not allow a nobody to trample on Greater One Sect. Anyone that dares go against Greater One Sect, no matter who, will pay the price, the cost of blood.”

In the dim training room, Chen Shaohua's eyes were like those of a beast in the dark, glinting ominously.

……

“The effect is not bad.”

Ye Qingyu got up, with a satisfied expression on his face.

After consuming the Divine-level Origin liquid, the yuan qi power within his body,  indeed, was enhanced again.

In just a few days of time, he had consumed just less than 10 drops of Divine-level Origin liquid. His yuan qi power was now comparable to that of a peak Bitter Sea boundary expert, but it was as quiet and still as before, and could not be activated.

“Wait until one day, when my consciousness breaks free, and I can activate my yuan qi. My strength will be hundreds and thousands of times better than before. At that time it will amaze everyone.”

Ye Qingyu’s heroic spirit was abruptly rising.

The date of the Storm Sword Meeting was approaching, and he also began to consider the battle against Chen Shaohua.

“Greater One Sect has a deep foundation. The last time it was [White Lotus Immortal Sword], and this time it will certainly be a more terrifying weapon. This kind of super sect should not be underestimated, I need a weapon to enhance the certainty of victory...” With this thought, Ye Qingyu’s attention returned to the casting space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], and saw the [Blood Drinker Sword] that had been refining for a long time.

“I should be able to use it now, right?”

After a slight observation, Ye Qingyu summoned the [Blood Drinker Sword].



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

