Chapter 809:


Chapter 826, Madman Ye and Green-robed Li



In the restriction storage space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], everything was sealed by a mighty force. It was only Ye Qingyu, the master of the cauldron, who was unaffected.

With one thought, Ye Qingyu's feet landed on the deck.

The experts of the Black Moon Immortal Palace immediately retreated like they were avoiding a snake or scorpion. A look of awe came over their face as they looked at Ye Qingyu. Previously, the fierceness Ye Qingyu displayed during the battle of Chaos Storm had really frightened the courage out of this group of people, making them fear him like he was the god of death.

After a thought, a tremendous energy surged out from Ye Qingyu. Like a gust of autumn wind sweeping the leaves, all Black Moon Immortal Palace experts were sent flying, one after another, falling into the dark space.

Ye Qingyu ignored them.

He scanned the surroundings, and soon found the entrance to the commander cabin on the ship. Observing the surrounding movements and light energy cannons, he came to the commander cabin. A ray of sword light shot out. It was an Immortal Step boundary expert of the Black Moon Immortal Palace, who was fiercely waving about his sword as he came speeding over.

Unfortunately, all of his yuan qi had been sealed, and no matter how strong his physical body was there was no way he could match up to Ye Qingyu. With a casual palm strike, Ye Qingyu had already knocked him unconscious and thrown him to one side.

He went all the way to the depths of the battleship, and had come across many experts of the Black Moon Immortal Palace, who he casually slapped unconscious and tied together with the strange white rope that he found in the Underground Moon Immortal Palace. After Ye Qingyu had observed the inside of the battleship, he had dragged out at least twenty experts onto the deck.

Ye Qingyu did the same on the other battleship.

He had emptied both battleships.

This was done to prevent the experts of the Black Moon Immortal Palace from destroying the two battleships. After all, in the eyes of Ye Qingyu, the value of the two battleships was much greater than the value of nearly thousands of Black Moon Immortal Palace experts. Ye Qingyu not only hoped that the two battleships could assist the Heaven Wasteland Domain, but also hoped to uncover the secrets behind the construction of the two battleships. In the future, Heaven Wasteland Domain could create more battleships to defend themselves, and at that time the Heaven Wasteland Empire may truly be able stand firmly in the great wide world.

And looking around, Ye Qingyu found that reconstructing a battleship might be a little more complicated than he had thought, because the construction of such battleships required huge resources and an unimaginable amount of work——the workload that required hundreds of formation masters and builders to complete. Ye Qingyu was confident that, if he were given one hundred years, he might be able to build a battleship like this, but it was obviously impossible now. Firstly, he did not have that much free time, and even if he did have a full one hundred years of free time, he would not do so, because he was confident that if he were to spend that amount of time on cultivation, then the benefit to Heaven Wasteland Domain from the improvement of his strength and cultivation would absolutely be much greater than that of a battleship.

Of course, that didn’t mean Ye Qingyu had abandoned his plan to build a battleship.

In the future, as long as the time was right and that there was the right candidate, he could still restart this matter. Ye Qingyu had once read about some of the legends of the ancient God and Devil Age, where great powers had traversed domains to invade each other, and battleships were one of the main forces. Formation battleships had ruled and dominated an era, and their roaring artillery fire and quivering body had once caused countless domains to whine and tremble under their fire.

In addition to these, Ye Qingyu had found a lot of important letters, cultivation resources, weapons, armours and martial arts manuals of the Black Moon Immortal Palace. In particular, there were too many core secrets of the Black Moon Immortal Palace on the ships. Ye Qingyu only saw about one-third of it, and could not continue anymore, because the content that involved the core secrets were sealed by an extremely powerful seal. The power of these seals, even in the restriction space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], still maintained its sealing force, which was obviously a power that Ye Qingyu could not understand.

In particular, a few of the letters were marked with the symbol of the Jade Pearl Sect. There were also some strange symbols that Ye Qingyu did not recognize. It was just a dark red seal imprint, but it had easily sealed the contents of the letter. Ye Qingyu tried to interpret the text, but as soon as he moved closer, he felt a terrifying force coming towards him. He was certain that the handwriting was made by an extremely strong expert.

“This is definitely not the power of the Black Moon Immortal Palace. It's impossible for the Black Moon Immortal Palace to have such a powerful expert, otherwise, I would have become a corpse long ago and the Black Moon Immortal Palace would not have ended up in such a miserable state. There is only one possibility...”

Ye Qingyu's back was soaked with cold sweat.

He recalled a word that often came from the mouth of the Saintess of Jade Pearl——

Camp.

Ever since the 18th districtof the Black Demon Abyss, Yang Wanqu was undoubtedly under the command of the Saintess of Jade Pearl, but it was clear that the Saintess was not the head of the so-called camp. The entire Black Moon Immortal Palace may have been controlled by this camp... and these letters were clearly the handwriting of the higher-ups of the camp.

It seemed that he had unexpectedly dug up some frightening information.

Ye Qingyu was also a bit shocked.

Does this mean that he had stood on the complete opposite of this camp?

He was somewhat speechless.

Given the current situation of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, he should not make enemies everywhere, especially the terrifying camp that had been lurking under the surface, which absolutely had power to destroy Heaven Wasteland Domain. However, it was too late now. Although Ye Qingyu was apprehensive, he had no choice but to face it calmly because it was the other party that had provoked him. Even if he had the chance to start all over again, the result would still be the same.

He stood in the flagship cabin and carefully thought for a moment. In the end he took a closer look at all the objects he could see, and finally left the cabin without taking anything with him——including the martial arts secret manuals, cultivation books, and all kinds of resources and divine weapons.

Some of his previous ideas and plans had to be changed.

Ye Qingyu came to the dark space outside.

He threw all the experts of the Black Moon Immortal Palace out of the battleship, and tied them with the strange white rope. As though they were grasshoppers trapped on a rope, they could no longer return to the battleship.

These people were all martial arts experts, even if they did not eat or drink, there was no need to worry that they may die.

Some people were cursing.

Some people were begging for mercy.

Some people were trying to irritate Ye Qingyu so he would kill them.

Ye Qingyu simply ignored them all.

He left the restriction space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Ye Qingyu returned to the little hut and was not anxious to go out again. He sat cross-legged, operating the nameless breathing technique, while carefully and calmly thinking it through. The consequences of searching the two battleships were something that he did not think of before. Ye Qingyu felt that he and the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps and even the whole Heaven Wasteland Domain were caught in a terrifying swamp, and besides himself, the other people of Heaven Wasteland Domain had not realized it.

……



It was also during the time that Ye Qingyu shut himself away to cultivate that many major and earth-shaking events were happening in the great wide world, which shocked and attracted the attention of all sides, making them aware that a world of chaos was most likely going to open up again.

The first was naturally the result of the battle between Ye Qingyu and the Black Moon Immortal Palace, which spread out in a way that caught many forces off guard. A person had challenged a sect that had existed for tens of thousands of years, and most importantly he was victorious in the end. This was simply unbelievable for many people. Before that, the name of Ye Qingyu was only recognized within a certain range, but following this battle, this name could be said to have shaken the entire world.

The whole process was simply an astonishing matter.

The Black Moon Immortal Palace was considered as one of the old and mighty forces in the world. Although it was in decline in recent years, but its background could definitely be said to be unfathomable, and even many top Saint experts did not dare to challenge this sect alone. In the eyes of many people, Ye Qingyu was just a citizen of a lowly domain, who had not yet knocked on the Immortal or Saint door. However, he had achieved something that not even top Saint experts could do. In addition to some accidental factors, the information contained within this was worth many forces, creatures and races to consider.

Almost undisputedly, Ye Qingyu was seen as a rapidly rising human genius, especially as the tragic loss of the Black Moon Immortal Palace was constantly revealed and spread. The fact that the two Great Saint elders could not recover the situation and were defeated in the hands of Ye Qingyu had allowed Ye Qingyu to sit completely on the throne of the strongest genius of the Human Race, for he had done what no other human genius had ever done before.

Ye Qingyu was given many nicknames that he did not know about, including, Lunatic Ye, Madman Ye, Ruthless Ye, Demon King Ye as well as many other titles that Ye Qingyu gained in the Black demon abyss such as the [Ice Sword Killing God]. These nicknames were known by countless people and were widely spread among the thousands of races of the world.

This was after all something that had happened on the Road of Chaos. Many young people viewed Ye Qingyu as an idol or a target to challenge. There were numerous and a variety of judgments.

And following Ye Qingyu's strong performance, many people began to pay attention to Heaven Wasteland Domain——A domain that had cultivated a crazy martial arts genius, even if it was a new domain, there was no reason to not be concerned. Many creatures were curious as to whether it was because there was something special in Heaven Wasteland Domain that it gave rise to such a young martial arts legend.

At the same time, as the name of Madman Ye Qingyu rose to fame and shocked the entire world, there was another name that made the whole world shudder.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

Li Xiaofei.

The peerless genius who had disappeared for more than four thousand years, and was trapped in the 18th district of the Black demon Abyss for four thousand years, after returning to the secular world, immediately displayed the graceful bearing and skills of four thousand years ago. In less than ten days, he had destroyed the Bright Dragon Sect, Black Mountain faction, Sky Fire Mountain, Northern Wolf Race and the Ice Summit Demon Race. A total of thirty-one martial arts forces of the world...

These races and sects were forces who had once made things difficult and attacked the Li Clan of the Bright Domain. Among them, the Sky Fire Mountain and the Ice Summit Demon Race were both super forces far stronger than the Black Moon Immortal Palace. However, in front of a Quasi-emperor, they were unable to withstand a single blow.

“A tooth for a tooth, blood for blood.”

This was the stance that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had shown to the whole world.

“The world laughs at me for being crazy, I laugh at them for not being able to open their eyes to the real world. I am born Li Xiaofei, I laugh until the end of the world.” After he directly sunk the main city of the Ice Summit Demon Race with one palm strike, the Human Race Quasi-emperor, clad in a green robe, once again recited the sentence of four thousand years ago. This was his former saying. Four thousand years ago, once this saying was recited, Heaven and earth would lose their colour and heroes would retreat. And four thousand years later, this saying once again appeared in Heaven and earth with the annihilation of thirty-one powerful forces. “

At this moment, many Human Race elderly were moved to tears.

At this moment, the graceful bearing of the green-robed Quasi-emperor had completely taken away the brilliance of Heaven and earth——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 810:


Chapter 827, Unexpected news and more unexpected news



I am born Li Xiaofei, I laugh until the end of the world.

The whole world was filled with shock and silence because of him.

A while ago, the rumours about the reappearance of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had only spread across the Road of Chaos, and had not really spread out on a large scale. But now, following the powerful attacks of the Human Race’s green-robed Quasi-emperor and as the defeat of the thirty-one great forces, the whole world had been shaken. With the exception of some little domains such as Heaven Wasteland Domain, the news was like a torrent crushing the whole world. Almost all of the forces, sects, clans and races with a little bit of strength were aware of the reappearance of the powerful [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

Tens of thousands of years had passed without a Martial Emperor.

The weight of a Quasi-emperor was enough to deter the world.

It was said that the Ice Summit Demon Race and the Sky Fire Mountain had vanished under the power of the Quasi-emperor. Many sects and forces that had once made things difficult for the Li family were beginning to panic, and even some peak Saint level experts were trembling in fear, afraid that the jade-like green-robed Human Race Quasi-emperor would appear before them the moment they open their eyes.

In an instant, countless creatures trembled under the attack of the green-robed Quasi-emperor.

With the emergence of a Quasi-emperor, the wind rises.

Those who even understood a little of what was going on would immediately know that the situation in the world was going to become chaotic. In particular, the people well acquainted with the ways of the world and who had an extremely sharp sense, could sense the sign of the arrival of upheaval even though the current situation was not quite clear at the moment. Every time the world was in turmoil, there were evildoers, geniuses and peerless masters showing up...

Some of the weaker sects and forces had already begun to reduce their activities, and announced that they would seal the mountain in an attempt to avoid karma and to not get dragged into the turmoil.

But there were some ambitious people that were excited.

Because of the chaos, it was the time to take advantage of the crisis for their personal gain.

And Ye Qingyu, under such a background, walked out of the chamber from his secluded cultivation.

Originally, he was a little anxious and wanted to complete the assessment with the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps as soon as possible, but he did not expect to receive such surprising news.

The chubby face of Yan Wushuang appeared before the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, saying, “There is a slight change, you need to stay here and wait for further notice from the Domain Alliance. There is no need to rush to participate in the other tests.”

The news was a surprise to the entire Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

Ye Qingyu thought over it carefully.

He tried to ask further, but the sweating fat man spoke hesitantly. As for the icy cold Shuang Wuyan, he also could not get any more details out from him.

The Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps was a bit confused about the change. They did not know whether it was a good thing or a bad thing. For a while, many people were a little nervous, especially some of the ordinary members. They felt the pressure of the outside world. In particular, after the battle with the Black Moon Immortal Palace, they saw the terror of the great wide world, and was worried that it was the result caused by the other party.

There was also not any news from the Phoenix Race.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden seemed to have something extremely important to do. Ever since Ye Qingyu had come out from his cultivation, he also did not see the female Heaven's prideling of the Phoenix Race. However, he did see her Saint level guardian, who treated him very enthusiastically and warmly.

So enthusiastically that Ye Qingyu found it uncomfortable.

He had always felt that the way the old man looked at him didn't feel quite right.

If Ye Qingyu had not taken into account that the old man was the Saint expert of the Phoenix Race and had a high status, he would have had the urge to hang the old man up and torture him, and to ask him if he had any bad intentions.

Since the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps could not leave, then they had no choice but to stay for the time being.

Ye Qingyu decided to shut himself away to continue to cultivate and treat his injuries.

Time flew by.

Another three days passed by in the blink of an eye.

The members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, who have been waiting for news in the Phoenix Race's encampment, were gradually becoming anxious. The deadline of one month was about to come, but there still wasn't any news and they did not know what the current situation was. If they do not hurry up, they would most likely not have enough time to complete the assessment.

The meeting hall of the main tent.

Yu Xiaoxing, Ye Qingyu, Wen Wan, Yan Buhui and Ximen Yeshui, the main members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps were gathered in the hall, seemingly discussing something.

Only Old Fish and the silly dog were crouched in the corner of the main tent, making rustling noises. It was unknown what they were doing.

It was at this moment.

“Hey... you're all here... good...” The fat Elder Yan Wushuang finally showed up again, He went into the meeting hall and looked at the crowd cheerfully.

All eyes were focused on the fat man, who was soaked in sweat.

Ye Qingyu glanced at the flame token in the hands of the fat elder, which was flashing red, and immediately understood, “Is there news?”

“Haha...” The fat elder Yan Wushuang waved about the token, smiling like the Maitreya Buddha. “According to the news that Shuang Wuyan and I found out, the external chaos has more or less subsided. Everything has passed, just now we finally received the news released from the Domain Alliance, telling the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps to immediately rush to the nineteenth City of Chaos to accept the final results of the rating assessment.”

The members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps were all shocked upon hearing this.

“Then the tests of the other major cities...” Yu Xiaoxing was a little puzzled.

“No need to go.” The skinny Shuang Wuyan's voice was as icy cold as thousand-year-old ice. He was like a moving block of ice as he slowly walked over to stand next to the fat Elder Yan Wushuang.

Everyone exchanged glances.

This change was clearly not within the scope of their previous discussion.

“What? Can you play like that? Without evaluation, then what about the result? It's not going to be... those big shots in the Domain Alliance would not directly fail the rating, right!?” Ximen Yeshui said, frowning as he brushed the feathers of the fat parrot in his arms.

Standing behind Ye Qingyu, the young Luo Yi was unable to remain calm, looking anxious and worried, and could not hold himself back anymore, “The one month deadline has not passed! You can't...”

“Cough...” Wen Wan seemed to inadvertently cough, interrupting Luo Yi, and signaled him to not say anymore with his eyes.

At this time, the several representatives of the Brute Race and Demon Race who were standing around the meeting room also showed a look of puzzlement, evidently somewhat confused about the change.

But the Empress of Heaven Wasteland Imperial Court and the Palace Lord of the Light Palace did not speak. Therefore, the others naturally felt that they shouldn't question further.

On the other side, fat Elder Yan Wushuang's face was beaded with sweat, which hid the awkward expression on his face.

In truth, he also didn't know for certain what the Domain Alliance's evaluation of Heaven Wasteland Domain would be.

It was the first time in thousands of years that he saw that a domain did not require to participate in further tests to receive evaluation.

Moreover, it was the first time that the brothers had encountered a new domain corps that was able to turn the Road of Chaos upside down, attract the attention of countless domains, and obtain the support of a Quasi-emperor.

Ye Qingyu, sitting on the right side, was in deep thought all this time.

Although the final rating results had not been clearly released, the news at that moment was considered a good thing.

He turned and looked at Yu Xiaoxing. As though able to read each other's mind, they nodded slightly to each other.

“In that case, then let's go, and when we get to the nineteenth City of Chaos, everything will be clear,” Ye Qingyu spoke.

Immediately, Empress Yu Xiaoxing issued the order that the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps will set off immediately.

An hour later.

In front of the gate of the Phoenix Race's encampment.

The members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps were lined up neatly and ready to depart.

It was at this time that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden finally rushed over.

She wanted to see Ye Qingyu.

……

Clad in a snow-white robe, black hair fluttering in the wind, Ye Qingyu stood on the steps in front of the encampment. Compared to the previous few days, his complexion was much better, though he was still a little weak. Due to the fact that the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps was anxious to set off, he could not sit down and chat with the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

On the steps.

He stood next to the Celestial Phoenix Maiden who was wearing a mask and a long violet dress.

“In the past few days, I have to thank the Phoenix Race for their help,” Ye Qingyu sincerely expressed his thanks to the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

“The Empress of your Heaven Wasteland Domain has already thanked me.” The Celestial Phoenix Maiden shook her head, and then turned to look at the rest of the diplomatic corps. Under the mask her clear eyes were looking at the slim and graceful girl in a yellow dress who exuded a hint of majesty.

For some reason, the image of that day in the pavilion surfaced in her mind again, that girl's face and her sparkling eyes, which contained a hint of shyness and pride.

“Will you go to the nineteenth City of Chaos?” Ye Qingyu asked all of a sudden.

He was stunned after he asked this question.

He didn't even know why he asked that.

But at that moment, looking at the masked woman and the lost look in her clear eyes, he could not help but ask.

However, in Ye Qingyu’s view, the domain rating needs to be decided jointly by representatives of the major camps in the Domain Alliance, and at that time the main figures of the major super forces will attend.

The Phoenix Race was naturally a super force of the Domain Alliance.

But he did not know whether the Phoenix Race would send out their female prodigy as the representative.

“If there is time, I will go.” The Celestial Phoenix Maiden's crystal clear eyes flickered.

Ye Qingyu sharply captured some information from her words, and questioned further, “If there's time? What, you have other things to do? These days, you seem to be very busy?”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden nodded and did not conceal anything from him, “Yes, very busy, because recently, the power of the Unmoving City of Darkness has reappeared on the Road of Chaos, and my race was ordered to investigate this matter.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 811:


Chapter 828, The two exiled cities and the three missing cities

Unmoving City of Darkness?!

Ye Qingyu's expression immediately changed when he heard these words.

He hadn't heard of this name for a long time.

In Ye Qingyu's mind, these four words should belong only in Heaven Wasteland Domain. His memories related to the Unmoving City of Darkness all occurred in Heaven Wasteland Domain. The little loli who was once his schoolmate and eventually gradually drifted away, the peerless female sword fairy who shook Deer City with her earthshaking sword strike, the girl who was dressed in a dark red armour and shrouded in dark red flames, the girl who drank to her heart's content in the Red Dust Inn, and the girl who was always there to protect him in the suspected Palace of Luosu...

Time had changed, the place had changed, and even the memory and identity had changed.

But the feelings in his heart towards that girl had never changed.

And Ye Qingyu had always been in a bit of a trance.

Whether it was the first moment of waking up and opening his eyes every day, whether it was the moment of life and death, or when he was about to sleep, and even when the same bright and golden rays of the morning sun shone into a similar forest area... In short, in a lot of similar moments, Ye Qingyu still seemed to hear that melodious and mischievous voice many years ago in White Deer Academy ringing in his ears. It happened on the tree-lined path illuminated by the first glimmer of dawn. “Hey, are you Ye Qingyu? The Ye Qingyu who was said to be selected into the Academy after only five tests?”

And every time Ye Qingyu was in such a trance, the corners of his mouth would be curved in an arc that even he did not realize, which represented an unprecedented feeling of relaxation and joy.

The girl was called Song Xiaojun.

Ye Qingyu couldn't help but smile when he thought of this name, and then very quickly his expression would dim down.

In truth, after losing Song Xiaojun's whereabouts, Ye Qingyu had missed her, worried about her, and even secretly arranged for people to investigate, but there was still no news about her. Ye Qingyu also became increasingly busy. Even he did not know from when the weight on his shoulders had began to continue to increase, making it difficult for him to breathe. He clearly wanted to relax, but like a fish that had fallen into a net, the more he struggled, the tighter the net was.

Gradually he began to take responsibility for the fate of too many people.

And since leaving Heaven Wasteland Domain, Ye Qingyu had subconsciously felt that he would not hear about the ‘Unmoving City of Darkness’ again. He never would have thought to hear these four words from the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

Ye Qingyu was astonished for a moment.

“What, you know about the Unmoving City of Darkness?” The Celestial Phoenix Maiden seemed to have felt the change in Ye Qingyu, eyes flashed a hint of puzzlement.

“Not really.” Ye Qingyu shook his head, and did not tell her the truth because he noticed, from the tone of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden before, the relationship between the Phoenix Race and the Unmoving City of Darkness was not too good. He paused for a moment before he responded, “I have heard people mentioned the name before, it sounded familiar.”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden nodded, and went into a daze again.

In the end Ye Qingyu couldn't help but ask, “That Unmoving City of Darkness, what is going on?”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden looked at Ye Qingyu again, pondered for a moment, and then gently sighed, “It is a very terrifying force, a force that my Phoenix Race had to monitor and fight against for the generations. Darkness had once shrouded the earth, causing millions to tremble all over, and later for some unknown reason, it was banished by a supreme power and left the stage of the great wide world. However, as before it still set off very terrifying waves... According to the ancient records of my Phoenix Race, millions of years ago, there were a total of twenty-four great cities on the Road of Chaos, and not the nineteen cities that there are today. In addition to what you know, the Unmoving City of Darkness was one of the major cities of chaos... There was also a huge city called the City of Light, which was also one of the major cities on the Road of Chaos.”

What?!

The Unmoving City of Darkness was one of the major cities of chaos?

Ye Qingyu's expression changed again.

The news was a complete shock to him.

Although the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had already spoke about it briefly, but Ye Qingyu's heart was pounding violently like he had heard a clap of thunder.

The Unmoving City of Darkness has such a history?

But he had not heard of this information before.

Since the Unmoving City of Darkness was one of the major cities of chaos, why would it have descended onto Heaven Wasteland Domain. Wasn't Heaven Wasteland Domain just a new domain? Why would it be associated with such an ancient dark force? It should be said that, in the legends of Heaven Wasteland Domain, the Unmoving City of Darkness had existed for a long time, and was not a kind of orderly force...

Was the Unmoving City of Darkness that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden mentioned the same Unmoving City of Darkness in Heaven Wasteland Domain that he knew of?

If so, then Song Xiaojun, she... was she all right now?

And that City of Light... for some reason, the name also instinctively caught the attention of Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu couldn't control his impatience.

And on the other side, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden seemed to have not sensed Ye Qingyu's changes and continued to speak out what she knew.

It turned out that the world of Chaos had experienced many unforeseen events thousands of years ago...

The disappearance of the City of Light overnight had sparked great chaos on the Road of Chaos.

What was even more unexpected was that, after one hundred years of time, the Unmoving City of Darkness was exiled by a mysterious power and had completely disappeared from the Road of Chaos.

Hearing this information, Ye Qingyu flashed a glint of seriousness in the depths of his eyes, and fell into silence, seemingly thinking about something.

A moment later, he shook his head, only to find that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden was curiously staring at him. The way she looked at him was as though she could not understand why he was losing control over himself. Ye Qingyu smiled, without explaining himself and asked again, “You just said that there was a total of twenty-four cities of chaos. There are only nineteen cities now, besides the Unmoving City of Darkness and the City of Light, what about the other three big cities? Why have they gone?”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden turned her head, her crystal clear eyes meeting his gaze. After a long while, she shook her head, and answered, “I'm not sure, the ancient records are incomplete, the information that the descendants of the Phoenix Race had did not include information about the other three cities.”

…

After a day.

The nineteenth City of Chaos——The Heaven Connect City.

Tens of millions of years ago, Heaven and earth dimmed and everything was lost.

When the realm of nothingness was first opened, it was a land of chaos, and once Heaven and earth were connected, then all things began to be born.

Heaven Connect City, not only signified the end of the Road of Chaos, but also the beginning of the world of chaos. It was the symbol of the birth of Heaven and earth in the world of nothingness.

At the same time, as the core city of the Domain Alliance, Heaven Connect City did not belong to a single force, but was a giant public city. The rules and order of the city were evaluated and maintained by the Alliance Parliament.

The people of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps came to the final location of the Domain Alliance at the fastest speed.

About the history of this huge city, Ye Qingyu and others had already heard about in detail from Elder Yan Wushuang on their way here.

But at this moment, when the members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps were really standing on the welcoming square and looking into the distance, they were truly intimidated by what was before them.

The huge city was like a great immemorial mountain pressing down on everybody on the welcoming square.

Heaven Connect City was several times larger than the other major cities on the Road of Chaos. The city walls towered into the clouds, and it was simply impossible to see the end of the city. The city was almost an integral complete whole; there was not the slightest gap on the giant white jade buildings, and reflecting the sun's brilliance. It was so dazzling, that ordinary experts simply could not look at it from close up.

There were formations flashing all around the walls, exuding an ancient and majestic aura, as though it had experience countless years of flood and great changes. It made one unable to help but marvel at the fact that there were such mysterious and exquisite architectures in the world.

Its majestic and towering form resembled a huge dragon hovering over the vast expanse of the earth, and also looked like the incarnation of a god looking down upon the world, and guarding the Road of Chaos.

At the city gate, which was thousands of meters high, there were statues of the nine offspring of the divine dragon towering like mountains on both sides of the gate, all carved from white jade and were gold plated.

Each statue of the mythological beasts were looking skywards, theirs head almost piercing the clouds.

Unlike what Ye Qingyu had previously seen in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, these lifelike, solemn and majestic statues were filled with the Dao and spiritual energy, and did not exude the slightest murderous intent.

It made one unable to help but feel deep veneration.

The members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps also had a look of excitement across their faces.

Following their arrival, the welcoming square was gradually growing livelier, more and more people were gathered around and discussing spiritedly.

“Are they the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps? The new domain ruled by the Human Race?”

“I heard that their leader is a female Emperor...”

“Is that the man who took on the Black Moon Immortal Palace alone, the one with black hair in white?”

“It should be, I see the members all respect him and the maiden next to him...”

“He doesn't look like a ferocious person, instead is gentle and handsome, and has a calm demeanor...”

Among the crowd, there were men and women, standing in groups of three to five, or standing alone. All were radiating a light and aura that were different. However, their strength was far superior to ordinary experts. Some of them were members of major prestigious forces, and there were also many disciples dressed in the uniform of their sect and appeared to have extraordinary statuses.

It was evident that the news that the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps would arrive at Heaven Connect City had spread far and wide, and had shook a number of forces and sects stationed in the city. Many had come right away to see the earth-shaking new domain, and the young expert Ye Qingyu, who had risen to fame——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 812:


Chapter 829 Ren Puyang



Unlike the other great cities, Heaven Connect City was extremely peaceful and incomparably prosperous. Disciples and Patriarch of major sects and forces of various domains of the great world were found here. As the nominal center of power and main city of the entire world, the huge city could be said to be a collection of the characteristics and specialties of all domains, and a place of integration of domains and races.

So the beings that were found in this city, in addition to the experts of the major forces, there were many merchants, traders and adventure teams who had come to the city of integration. Compared to the other eighteen cities before, Heaven Connect City accepted all creatures and races, the laws were strict, and the defensive force could be said to be the greatest.

Some people said that in Heaven Connect City, as long as one had enough wealth, one can have everything.

Others said that in Heaven Connect City, as long as one has enough talent, one can have everything.

More people said that, if you stand at the corner of the city wall of Heaven Connect City and throw a brick down, then out of the ten people you hit there would most likely be at least eight who were a prince or a descendant of a major sect or force. While the other two were most likely to be the head of a clan or a leader.

If the name was changed, Heaven Connect City could even be called the Imperial city of the world.

Therefore, many rich and powerful youngsters with ordinary strength saw Heaven Connect City as the most ideal place to live. If they could become a registered citizen of Heaven Connect City, then they could basically do what they want across the world.

Evidently, the majority of the people on Welcome Square were not particularly powerful and with relatively ordinary status. They were curious about the various rumours and news of Ye Qingyu that they had heard these days on the Road of Chaos and had come to take a look at what kind of person Ye Qingyu was, who single-handedly defeated the legendary Black Moon Immortal Palace?

And it was clear that after laying eyes on Ye Qingyu, many people were slightly surprised to see that the legendary madman, the god of death, was so gentle and refined, just like an elegant Immortal, untainted by a speck of dust.

For a moment, spirited discussion filled the air.

The people of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps were also examining the surroundings.

The lively atmosphere on the Welcome Square was completely different from the cold atmosphere on the Welcome Square in the previous great cities. All of the people of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps wore a curious look on their faces. Some of whom were a little nervous, but immediately straightened up upon hearing the voices around them.

Because they knew that the War God of Heaven Wasteland Domain, Ye Qingyu, now had an enormous weight on the Road of Chaos. They also knew how famous the Young Lord was in Heaven Connect City.

Ye Qingyu just smiled and didn't say anything.

At this time---

“Haha, elders, long time no see.”

A mighty and clear voice, which was resounding and calm, sounded from the layers of clouds in the sky.

The crowd turned, following the sound.

In the middle of the air, a giant ship slowly pierced through the clouds, crossed the city gate, came to the crowd, and slowly descended.

It was an airship built based on the mythological beast Qui Nui, several hundreds of meters long. The shape was strangely beautiful, and there was a magnificent and ancient aura of the mythological beast slowly being emitted. A pressure instantly permeated the entire square, and filled everyone with a sense of awe.

A slender and straight figure appeared on the front deck of the airship.

“Haha... Mister Ren, you personally came... Haha, have you been well... I did not expect you to be sent here to receive the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. It really is unexpected!” The fat Elder Yan Wushuang was taken aback for a moment. He obviously recognized the voice of the owner, wiped away the beads of sweat across his face and walked towards the airship with a smile.

Yu Xiaoxing and Ye Qingyu exchanged a glance, and at the same time also moved toward the airship.

The faint formation light shield that shrouded the airship began to fade, and a tall and slender figure gradually grew clearer as he slowly came down from the deck.

All of creatures and figures of different races suddenly marveled out loud.

“It's him?”

“Mister Ren personally came?”

“No way, am I mistaken?”

Everybody was shocked.

Ren Puyang, one of the representative leaders of the Human Race of the Domain Alliance, can be counted as the voice of the Human Race in the city of Heaven Connect. His strength was of unfathomable depths, and he had supreme prestige among the Human Race and many other races. He was also one of the influential people that held the right to speak in Heaven Connect City. He was an honourable and righteous person, that even the enemy had to admit that he was a true humble gentleman.

Hearing the exclamations around, Ye Qingyu was secretly apprehensive.

He could not help but carefully study Ren Puyang.

This Human Race senior only looked around thirty or forty years old, and had a gentle and warm face, beautiful brows, a tall nose and bright eyes. His long blue hair was secured back with a sword-shaped white jade hairpin, and his ocean blue robe was flickering with a ripple-like luster. He was both handsome and elegant.

But Ye Qingyu couldn't see through his strength.

In Ye Qingyu's perception, Ren Puyang was deep and unfathomable, and he simply could not detect how powerful he was. There was not the slightest trace of yuan qi or aura emitting from his body yet he still gave the feeling that he was too strong, and that Ye Qingyu was no match for him.

After a little while.

“You are Ye Qingyu? Haha, young and promising, not bad. Also has an extraordinary presence... To know a man by repute is not as good as meeting him face to face.” After Ren Puyang exchanged greetings with the two elders, his gaze fell on Ye Qingyu, carefully examining him. His eyes grew brighter and in the end were overflowing with admiration.

“Mister Ren... you know me?” Ye Qingyu asked curiously.

Before that, he was sure that he had never met this envoy.

Ren Puyang gave a smile, shook his head, and answered, “Of course I do. Haha, although I have never seen you before, but during this one month you have caused quite a stir on the Road of Chaos. Not only had you utterly defeated the Black Moon Immortal Palace alone, you have also received the protection of a Quasi-emperor. This matter had shocked many sects and forces and has become the most popular topic in the great city. We are both part of the Human Race, I naturally have to pay more attention to you.”

“Hey, hey, Little Ye, cling onto him, this Ren Puyang, he is one of the representatives of the Human Race in the Domain Parliament. He has a much higher status in the Domain Alliance than my brother and I,” Yan Wushuang suddenly remembered, rubbed his belly and beamed as always.

Seeing that the two elders’ attitude towards Ren Puyang was not much different, and from their demeanour which seemed to highly respect this Mister Ren, Ye Qingyu immediately knew that this person could be trusted, and was finally able to relax a little.

Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing had never expected them to send out such a distinguished special envoy to meet the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

After exchanging greetings, they boarded the ship.

Once they had boarded the airship, the formation brilliance around the ship instantly surged as it slowly ascended and headed toward the direction of the inner city.

The members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps stood on both sides of the ship, overlooking the huge city below, eyes frequently flashing a strange luster.

The airship flew above the city at an altitude half the height of the city wall, and looking down below at a close range, one could really feel the sacred and ancient Dao aura coming from the smooth mirror-like white jade wall. It was as though there were strands of silk-like rays of light circulating around the city wall like a colourful dragon.

The roads that opened up in all directions were directly connected with the ground, or rather suspended in mid-air like an illusion, winding and crisscrossing. Similar to a spider web, a number of thousand-meter-high formation viaducts led to different parts of the city. There were formation airships and huge airships shuttling back and forth, as well as imposing knights and sect disciples clad in various uniforms, but all were beautifully dressed. They were riding different spiritual beasts and birds, traveling across the sky and along the roads at a rapid speed.

Although Ye Qingyu had previously seen the ancient city of the God and Devil Age in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, he also couldn't help but marvel at the grandeur of this majestic giant city.

As for Old Fish, holding the silly dog, his eyes darted left and right with curiosity.

Beside them, Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui were staring fixedly, as though they were almost unable to resist the impulse to go wander around.

As the other members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, each and every one of them was incomparably shocked by this huge city. It could be said that ever since formally stepping into the Heaven Connect City, their mouths had never closed once.

Gathering all living beings of Heaven and earth was probably the definition of this giant city.

In Heaven Connect City, just the style of the roofs of the building alone, there were already as many as dozens of types, including the ancient style like the era of God and Devils, or were in strange and bizarre shapes like pagodas and discs. It was simply unheard of and unseen before.

As for the material used for these colossal buildings, they were even more colourful and varied, making one unable to take their eyes off of them.

Some buildings were paved with coloured glazed tiles, flickering with golden light, and illuminating the surroundings. While some used dark green stones that overlapped each other, simple and ancient, but filled with spiritual energy.

In addition, every building was richly ornamented in thousands of different styles- vermillion lacquer, gold-plated, as well as red pillars carved with dragons. It was dazzling without losing the solemnity.

“It's...” Ye Qingyu was stunned.

Ahead of the airship was a majestic temple towering straight into the sky, incomparably imposing.

With their height, they should be at least five to six thousand meters away from the center of the temple, yet they were actually the same level as the terrace on the side of the temple. The temple was simply too tall, too majestic, almost to the point of being unbelievable. If Ye Qingyu had not seen it with his own eyes, he would not believe that there was such an incredible building on this world.

Everyone on the airship needed to look up before they could appreciate the temple.

On the two sides of the terrace of the temple there were white jade railings, and the simple and unadorned lines were filled with spirit energy. Looking up at the sky, the overall appearance of the temple was attributed mainly to the heavy eaves and halls. The walls were embedded with jade and gold. It was a unique and magnificent structure, which gave off a sense of majesty.

In particular, in contrast to the other buildings elsewhere, the surroundings of the temple were dotted with small statues of ancient mythological beasts, as if they were arranged on the basis of some ancient formation.

“Hey, hey, that... hey, this is it, hey, don't be surprised. This is real, not an illusion. This is the Parliamentary Temple of the Domain Alliance,” the fat Elder Yan Wushuang introduced with a beaming smile.

As this remark came out, the members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, one after another, looked over.

Next, would the result of the assessment be announced in the temple?



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

