Chapter 189:


Chapter 190 - Just who was he

Nan Hua in this instant, completely did not dare to believe her eyes.

In that instant, the white-robed wealthy youth was like a divine soldier descending from the heavens. From the window beside her, he broke in and entered, breaking apart the window that had been reinforced by formations, the same window that no one had been able to break apart. In front of this white-robed wealthy youth, it shattered apart like tofu…

Outside, a light, which was piercing to the eyes, surged in.

The figure of the white-robed youth, was like a mountain that could not be climbed over, blocking the white-coloured huge lizard. Nan Hua was currently staring at the back of this white robes. A feeling of security she had never felt before made her forget to be afraid.

"He really was an expert…"

At this moment, Nan Hua finally understood.

The black-haired middle-aged Shishu, Wei Tianming and the other disciples of the Crepe Myrtle Sect, and the rest of the people of the Jianghu on the fourth floor, also understood this at this moment.

In that instant, everyone's gaze was gathered onto the body of the white-robed youth.

There were people's gaze that brightened from the moment the white-robed youth had broken apart the windows and came in, as if someone drowning in water with no hope left had seen a patch of grass that they could grab onto. Like dogs of a mourning family, they flew towards the windows and fled outside…

With one person leading the way, there were instantly people mimicking.

These people completely did not care whether this white-robed youth would be able to defeat the two demon warriors. They wanted to quickly escape from this Asura bloody hell place. Protecting their own life was most important… "Don't escape, everyone act together to assist this little brother…" The middle-aged Shishu shouted, wanting to stabilize the situation. With the appearance of the white-robed youth, he was able to see his chance. If everyone was able to unite together, then they would definitely be able to kill these two demon warriors.

But only a few people listened to him.

The so called good men of Jianghu, were heading as a hive towards the only possible route of escape, the window. There were even people who, for the right to leave first, fought against each other…

At this moment—

Xiu!

A green demon qi light pillar, suddenly brushed past the broken window, flashing by outside.

"Ahhh…” "No…” "Save me, save me…"

Even more tragic and despairing cries came from the outside. Those Jianghu people who excitedly and impatiently ran towards the outside, was wrapped around by the green demonic qi light. As it whistled past, one could faintly see them transforming into bloody rain… "There are also demons outside!" "It's even more dangerous outside…"

Howls and squeals like pigs being slaughtered, sounded.

At this time, there was no one charging outside anymore.

……

Ye Qingyu's twenty Spirit springs were activated to its fullest, the [Little Shang sword] in his hands. While observing in detail the strength of the two demon warriors, he walked step by step closer.

"It's a titled demon warrior!"

Ye Qingyu did not dare to let down his guard.

The demon warrior realm of the Demon Race was largely similar to the Spirit spring of the Human Race in terms of cultivation, and could be compared to each other. When the Human Race was at the twenty Spirit springs, it was approximately at the stage of a four star demon warrior. This was a great threshold in the path of cultivation for both of these two great races.

And these titled demon warriors, their strength was comparable to the people at the forty Spirit springs of cultivation.

If these demons had some innate battle ability, then its battle power could even be greater than forty Spirit springs.

Within Ye Qingyu's body, there was a constant roar of dragons sounding.叶

After absorbing the aura of the Snow Dragons, there was already a faint pressure of the dragon race within Ye Qingyu's inner yuan. This point was hard to be noticed by other experts of the Demon Race, but for the Demon Race that was naturally extremely sensitive towards the classification of their bloodlines, this was an extremely evident matter.

As such, when Ye Qingyu appeared, the gazes of these two titled demon warriors focused on Ye Qingyu.

They could feel the descent of danger.

"Human?" The blood red flame was burning around the blood flame demon bear. Like a Fiendgod, it stared at Ye Qingyu.

The scarlet red eyes of the huge white lizard emitting a chilling light, focusing on Ye Qingyu's body. It emitted the language of the Human Race: "Kekeke, what a handsome little boy. Another perfect human skin, give me, quickly give me, I want…"

There were twenty Snow Dragons that danced around Ye Qingyu like divine dragons.

"Not knowing your own death. Two tiny little demon warriors, to dare appear within Youyan Pass?" Ye Qingyu's robe was white like jade, his sword like frost, his gaze sharp like a blade. "What, are you so impatient to die?" "Human, die!"

The blood flame demon bear roared, and like a small hill, came charging at him.

"Hou!"

Opening its mouth wide, a blood flame pillar shot towards Ye Qingyu.

At the same time, the tongue of the white lizard also moved slightly. Unexpectedly, there were two tongues that shot out from her mouth, like a bolt of lightning. With the cover and concealment of the blood flame pillar, it headed lightning quick towards Ye Qingyu without any signs.

These two demon warriors cooperated extremely intricately.

Ye Qingyu frowned slightly.

Originally, he could rely on the speed of his body techniques to evade this attack… But if so, then the Jianghu people behind him most likely would die a tragic death.

His thoughts flying like lightning, Ye Qingyu let out a low grunt, reacting.

Instantly activating a membrane that was even thinner than white paper formed on his palm, as if it would collapse if one just lightly poked it. It grew around his body, blocking towards the direction of the terrifying blood flame pillar and the two silver white venomous tongues… "Too arrogant…” "Is he looking to die?" "Why does he not use his sword to block?”

The far off Jianghu people, seeing this scene, let out exhalations of shock. No one had imagined, that a layer of thin membrane formed from yuan qi, was able to block the attacks of the two titled demon warriors. Was this white-robed youth looking to die?

In the spark of a flint—

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Fearful explosions sounded.

The entire building fiercely shook, as if it would collapse at any moment. The four walls, stone pillars, windows, the formations greatly activated. One could faintly hear the creak and squeak of the walls, as if this building was about to split apart…

The hearts of every Jianghu person, nearly jumped out.

The blood flame exploded in the air, completely covering Ye Qingyu.

At this moment, many people thought that Ye Qingyu would die for sure.

But the next moment, the blood flame disappeared. What came was the shocked bellow of rage from the blood flame demon bear along with the sharp screech of its comrade, the huge white lizard. These two titled demon warriors were as if they had just suffered an incomparably terrifying matter, emitting a howl of fear and anger… "He blocked it?"

Countless people were shocked.

A light screen that was thin like paper, could it really defend against the attacks of two great demon warriors?

The blood flame dissipated.

Countless gazes saw Ye Qingyu's charge like a white-robed killing god.

He had come out completely unharmed from the exploding blood flame. The [Little Shang sword] in his right hand vibrated at high speed. Between the hilt of the sword and his wrist, there was a radiance like quicksilver that fluctuated. This was evidently the signs that an extremely profound sword technique was about to be performed…

Xiu!

Ye Qingyu increased his speed.

Three steps later, his figure became blurry. He transformed into a ray of light, with an explosion-like sound, which appeared like a ghost in front of the blood flame demon bear. A sword with the force of ten thousand pounds struck down! "To want to kill me?" the blood flame demon bear bellowed.

On its shoulder, a silver flame the size of palm began to burn. Burning large swathes of his flesh, exposing white bone, completely provoking its ferocious nature. The claw of the palm was like metal, striking towards the [Little Shang sword].

It was able to recognize that this was a Spirit weapon.

But so what?

The Spirit weapons of the Human Race, as if it could break apart the natural weapons of demons?

His pair of metal bear claws had already been trained to the extreme. This was its natural demon weapon. On the battlefield of the Explosive Snow Glacier, just how many Spirit weapons of the Demon Race had it broken apart…

Ding! Ding! Ding!

In an instant, the bear palm and the [Little Shang sword] clashed together causing sparks to fly.

The blood flame demon bear was about to activate its demonic qi, to crush the [Little Shang sword], when it suddenly felt there was a bizarre power seeping from the [Little Shang sword], and the originally surging demonic qi, suddenly quieted down with no way to activate. It was as if all the demonic qi within his body had frozen… "This…” It was greatly shocked, its eyes widening.

But Ye Qingyu would not give him a chance.

Retrieving the [Little Shang sword], his figure was in midair. His left palm struck towards the skull of the blood flame demon bear, and his hand passed by like autumn lightning, without the slightest trace of resistance…

Time seemed to freeze at that instant.

This shocking sword strike, caused the hearts of everyone to stop.

At this time, Ye Qingyu's figure was in the air. Suddenly, he seemed to have noticed something. With a slight hesitation, his head turned, and the moment he twisted his body, the snow white venomous tongue of the white lizard had already struck his shoulder like a bolt of lightning…

He exerted strength with his left hand, lifting with a mighty force.

The head of the huge blood flame demon bear, was in his hands.

And using the force of the attack of the snow white venomous tongue, he lightly floated backwards.

His figure landed on the ground.

The long sword in his right hand was like frost, and his left hand held the head of the enemy.

Ye Qingyu, with his white robe swirling, stood towering and alone.

Beside him, before the figure of the huge blood flame demon bear fell to the ground, demonic blood spurted out like a fountain from his chest, splashing tens of meters, like a bloody waterfall falling…

Ye Qingyu held his sword alone, his body bathed in demon blood.

Far off.

Every one of the Jianghu seeing this was completely stunned.

No one could describe the astonishment in their hearts.

No one was able to capture the breathtaking power of that sword.

No one knew just what had happened in that instant that made the blood flame demon bear lose its head without even moving.

Even more, there was no one that dared to stare directly at the white-robed figure that was bathed in blood, holding a sword.

The impression of the wealthy white-robed youth completely collapsed at this instant.

What replaced it was a figure like that of a god in front of their eyes. At this moment, the people of the Jianghu, only now just understood how ridiculous their error was. Only now did they know just how laughable it was to be so arrogant in front of such a person. The so called fact that the Jianghu people did not like constraints, going from high to high, elegant like an immortal, in front of the breathtaking white-robed youth awash with blood holding his sword, was completely an incomparably ridiculous joke.

Forceful!

Incisive!

Heroic and decisive!

Was this the battle method of the army?

At this instant, the people of Jianghu lowered their heads.

They knew the way they regarded the army was wrong.

But…

This white-robed youth, just who was he exactly?

In the hearts of countless people, such a question floated to their minds.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 190:


Chapter 191 - Let me stab you once

Boom!

The huge body of the blood flame demon bear, fell like that of a mountain collapsing.

This heavy sound was as if it really exploded in the hearts of everyone.

The snow white demon [1] lizard emitted a furious roar, “You have really killed Blood Flame[2] , you deserve to die ahhhhh… little brat of the Human Race, you have been infected with my toxin, you are dead for sure…"

Ye Qingyu lowered his head to look at the bloodstain on his shoulder.

The snow white poisonous tongue was indeed powerful. The strike from the distance was like a ballista used to siege a city. All the bones in his arm and shoulder had fractured a little, but… was it really poison?

Ye Qingyu smiled in disdain.

A pale silver flame slowly disappeared from his wound.

The [Supreme Ice flame] was the nemesis of everything.

Previously when he had acted, he had relied on the [Supreme Ice flame] to save the skinny Crepe Myrtle Sect disciple. If he was able to save someone, then of course he could save himself. Therefore, at the moment the snow white poison tongue had attacked him, he had already activated the [Supreme Ice flame] to erase the demonic poison.

This entire battle process was within Ye Qingyu's expectations.

It could even be said that the moment he first struck out, Ye Qingyu had already made preparations for him to be injured. The power of two titled demon warriors could not be compared to a normal demon warrior. Although Ye Qingyu had confidence in himself, but even he would not be as conceited as to think he would be unscathed.

He had relied on the [Supreme Ice flame] to block the first wave of attack from the two titled demon warriors. But the power of Ye Qingyu's [Supreme Ice flame] could only be used to form a thin barrier to block the attack, and was not able to strike back. Therefore, to kill the blood flame demon bear, he had used the [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike] of the four moves of the unmatched peerless warrior. The instant he cut his opponent, he had frozen the yuan qi within his opponent.

In the battle between experts, a short moment where one could not use his yuan qi, was absolutely fatal.

Ye Qingyu had relied on this point to beat the blood flame demon bear to the point that it could not retaliate at all, killing him.

"To have dared to appear here, you should have long made preparations for your own death." Ye Qingyu looked at the snow white demon lizard, walking step by step, inching nearer. Around his body, the power of the twenty yuan qi Snow Dragons roared and howled, as if divine dragons were protecting his body. A special Snow Dragon pressure began to emanate from him, with a hard to describe imposingness. The aura around his entire person completely suppressed the titled demon warrior facing him.

"Even if I die, I'll drag you to hell with me." The snow white demon lizard looked at the corpse of the blood flame demon bear. In her scarlet red eyes, a color that seemed to indicate she would not be willing to die alone shot by. She said sinisterly, "Just who are you? There has never been such a character like you existing in the report of the [Southern Incline Legion].”

When this question came out, everyone in the fourth floor began to perk up their ears.

The people of the Jianghu and the sects were entirely stunned. They wanted to know, just who this white-robed person was?

Nan Hua was by one side. Her eye were widened, waiting for the reply of the white-robed youth.

In her beautiful eyes, there was a different kind of light flashing.

But— "Peacefully accept your death. Even if you know my name, what use is it for you?"

Ye Qingyu let out a faint smile, striking out with his sword instantly.

It was still the [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike].

Taking two steps forward, there were still tens of meters between the snow ground white lizard and him.

But at the moment when he took the third step, he was instantly in front of the snow white demon lizard. The [Little Shang sword], which was like a clear spring, spilled over the galaxy of the nine heavens. A snow white dragon soul was wrapped around the body of the blade, and this bizarre battle technique instantly exploded. Even the air was cut apart by this sword, like waves of turbulent winds being sliced apart…

The snow white demon lizard roared in rage, and from her mouth, four snow white toxic tongues shot out.

The four silver strands were like a spider's web, wanting to entangle the [Little Shang sword].

But the [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike] had the power to temporarily halt her from using all her abilities. Then in an instant, this power invaded the body of the snow white demon lizard through the poison tongues.

The demonic qi was frozen, and her demonic power was scattered.

The snow white demon lizard finally understood in this instant, why the blood flame demon bear was so easily hacked apart by this white-robed youth. In truth, this sword technique was too bizarre. Even though she was roaring furiously, she already comprehended the difference between them at this moment and had begun to retreat…

Of course, Ye Qingyu would not give her a chance.

[Storm of Swords]!

The [Little Shang sword] rotated, and Ye Qingyu seemed to transform into a cyclone.

The sword qi was like frost, and a coldness instantly turned the entire fourth floor into an ice cave. Everyone let out a shiver.

They could only see the blade and not the person.

It was as if Ye Qingyu had combined with the sword.

In this moment, it was unknown just how many sword cuts the snow white demon lizard received. The sharp Spirit weapon received the enhancement of cold ice qi, and was able to instantly slice apart the clustered silver scales on her body. One after another, fatal chill sword strokes cut wound after wound, invading into her body…

In a flash, the sword shadows disappeared.

The figures intersected.

Ye Qingyu with his back to her, stopped, stowing his sword away and standing.

The massive body of the snow white demon lizard silently stood there. In her scarlet red eyes, a light like that from a fire was currently disappearing little by little. The white lines from the sword strikes completely covered her entire body. But what was strange was that there was no fresh blood seeping out from the wounds. Instead of this, layer after layer of cold ice was constantly freezing her… "This… just what kind of battle technique is this?" The snow white demon lizard still had one final breath remaining, staring at Ye Qingyu.

She could clearly sense that her cultivation was not weaker in the least to the white-robed youth in front of her. It was even much stronger than his, but ultimately the person that would fall and be defeated was herself.

She was not willing to accept this.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

The snow white demon lizard let out her last breath, tragically saying with a laugh "Good… a sword wind that does not leave anyone behind… But today… we are just cannon fodder… fated to die… but what can we do, what can we do? And you guys… will also pay the price… kekeke… everyone, prepare to be shocked…”

Before she finished.

A layer of white cold qi dispersed from her body. Ultimately she turned into a huge silver white block of ice that completely froze her body inside.

The snow white demon lizard perished.

Ye Qingyu slowly turned his body around, looking at the demon corpse sealed within the ice. He let out a slow sigh in his heart.

It was absolutely not a coincidence for such a great number of experts to appear in Youyan Pass at this time. There must be some sort of plan or follow up behind this. This was definitely an intricately planned attack. But as to what exactly it targeted, one could not be sure as of this moment. What one could be sure of was that the old demons of the [Southern Incline Legion] really wanted to do something. Even the blood flame demon bear and snow white demon lizard were only cannon fodder, it was to distract and entangle the attentions of the experts of the Youyan Pass…

The blood flame demon bear and snow white demon lizard, these two titled demon warriors, were only the beginning. They knew very clearly that they were going to die by coming to Youyan Pass.

Humans valued their lives.

Demons also valued their lives.

But a military order was like a mountain. They could not refuse the order to come.

The words that the snow white demon lizard had sighed out just before her death, 'what can we do', had completely expressed the helplessness and bitterness of her life being controlled.

But the meaning behind her words caused Ye Qingyu's heart to panic.

Just what did the 'prepare to be shocked' represent?

Just what did the Demon Race want to do within Youyan Pass?

Within the [Breeze and Drizzle building] at least twenty to thirty titled demon warriors had appeared. Such a power, if they appeared in the battlefield, would perhaps be a powerful force. But right now appearing in the great camp of Youyan Pass, were like flies rushing to the fire. Once the Human Race reacted, they would very quickly be extinguished…

The thousand-year-old demons of the [Southern Incline Legion] would absolutely not create such a foolish plan where they rushed to their deaths.

Then, just what were the lives of twenty to thirty demon warriors in exchange for?

At this moment, Ye Qingyu could not think of the answer.

He was silent.

Everyone from the sects and the Jianghu were silent.

No one dared to make any sort of noise at this moment.

They were deathly afraid that they would affect Ye Qingyu's thoughts, and attract the attention of the Death God. After all, not long ago, they had mocked and provoked the white-robed reaper of death.

Only until Ye Qingyu lightly shook his head and slowly walked past the frozen demon corpse, did the fossilized movements and expressions of everyone in the fourth floor finally unseal.

Countless gazes gathered and focused on Ye Qingyu.

The white-robed reaper of death bathed in demonic blood suddenly placed his left hand on the slab of ice of the snow white demon lizard.

A cracking sound.

The slab of ice turned into countless pieces, falling at the same time, along with the corpse of the white demon lizard…

The Jianghu people seeing this scene let out a cold shiver and an exhalation of shock.

This youth would not show mercy even to a corpse.

From the moment Ye Qingyu appeared to the death of these two titled demon warriors, only fifteen minutes had passed. But the fierce and decisive methods Ye Qingyu had exhibited in battle made everyone shiver in fear. Everyone who was a Jianghu person on the fourth floor never wanted to encounter such an opponent in their life. For some people with little guts, most likely they would have a nightmare every time they met Ye Qingyu.

After a short but long silence.

“I am the elder of the Crepe Myrtle Sect, Liang Quan. Thank you brother for your aid, I wonder little brother you…” The black-haired middle-aged shishu who had his arm cut off came forward, lifting his hand in greeting. His tone, and his attitude were extremely respectful. Evidently he wanted to release some tension from the atmosphere.

Ye Qingyu gave him a glance, then faintly nodded his head.

But the next instant, the [Little Shang sword] quivered, fiercely pointing at one of the Crepe Myrtle next to the middle-aged Shishu, Liang Quan.

"Ah…" This Crepe Myrtle sect disciple screamed, quickly running to one side. With fear on his face, "You… what are you doing?"

Ye Qingyu did not reply, cutting out with his sword again.

"Shishu, save me…” This Crepe Myrtle sect disciple was nimble, sharply hiding and burrowing himself within the crowd. He pointed at Ye Qingyu, screaming, "You… what are you doing… I did not offend you… senior brother and sisters, save me…”

The facial colour of the black-haired Shishu changed, holding his sword with one hand and entering the battlefield.

The long sword was as if it was burning the heavens. This was namely one of the three greatest defensive sword techniques of the Crepe Myrtle [Seal and Obstruct].

Forcefully blocking Ye Qingyu's sword, Liang Quan's expression was both shocked and angry. "You… you… why do you want to kill a disciple of the Crepe Myrtle… if we were wrong previously, I apologize for them. The misunderstandings previously, really were our fault…"

Liang Quan swallowed his anger.

The powerful strength that Ye Qingyu had exhibited, along with his mysterious identity, made even the elder of the Crepe Myrtle sect, one of the top six sects, cautious. He could not help but bow down in order to survive.

But Ye Qingyu did not even say a word.

His figure flashed, striking out with his sword yet again.

"Ah… ah, why, do you really not like the people of Crepe Myrtle sect? Do you really want to kill everyone of the sects?" This disciple of the Crepe Myrtle sect, while he fled constantly talked and incited the emotions of the others.

The people of Jianghu were also disturbed.

"This… brother, if you really want to kill someone, you at least have to give a reason…” Wei Tianming shouted, his face red.

Who would have guessed Ye Qingyu would not even give him a glance? He struck out with his sword at this Crepe Myrtle disciple once again.

This disciple sharply screeched, retreating.

"Don't…" Nan Hua could not help but exclaim, loudly screaming.

The crowd was shaken.

There were displays of people wanting to act.

Suddenly—

The skinny Crepe Myrtle sect disciple Li Rui who had always been recovering from injuries, suddenly rushed over with hobbled footsteps. Blocking in front of this Crepe Myrtle disciple, he said loudly, "Great, great hero, you are a good person. I beg you… Don't kill junior brother Miao, he's not a bad person, he…"

Before he had finished.

Ye Qingyu's sword, had descended on the tip of Li Rui's nose.

There was only the distance of the width of one hair between the sword and the nose.

The sword, stopped.

Ye Qingyu gave a look at the youth that was skinny but possessed a strange power. He saw that his legs were shivering and quivering, but he still blocked in front of his sword not budging an inch. He shook his head, and a hint of admiration flashed by in his eyes. He lightly laughed. "Idiot, foolish, a good person…”

Li Rui was taken aback.

Pak

The sword struck horizontally with a flick of Ye Qingyu’s wrist. The back of the sword struck on Li Rui's waist.

Li Rui was directly sent sailing, landing tens of meters away.

Ye Qingyu's controlled his power extremely well. Li Rui was still standing when he landed. Apart from feeling a sword qi roiling in his blood, he was not hurt in the least.

After striking Li Rui, Ye Qingyu did not cut out with his sword yet again. He only coldly smiled, looking at the disciples of the Crepe Myrtle sect, and said in a mocking manner "To be able to avoid four of my strikes, your strength is even higher than your Shishu. To be so young, yet to have such strength, haha…”

The frightened disciples face suddenly became stunned.

The Liang Quan by one side that was both furious and angry, suddenly had a flash of insight through his mind. He suddenly realized something, turning and staring fixedly at the disciple surnamed Miao. Biting his tongue "You… you are not Miao Xiu, just who are you? Why is your appearance so similar to Miao Xiu, you…”

The Crepe Myrtle disciple had a face of innocence, “Liang Shishu, just what are you saying? I don't understand."

Liang Quan angrily said, "You still want to fool me? Miao Xiu is only at the ten Spirit springs level of cultivation, why would he be able to avoid the four consecutive strikes of this young hero here? You seem to be scared, but your body techniques are extremely nimble. Each sword strike has no way of hurting you, Miao Xiu does not have this ability. You are not Miao Xiu… just who are you?"

Once these words were said, the entire fourth floor was shocked.

Countless gazes focused on Miao Xiu's figure.

The people originally standing beside him retreated like the tide with a crash, keeping their distance.

Miao Xu turned to look at his surroundings, then began giggling.

His voice had changed.

The low male voice had turned into the charming voice of a girl.

The atmosphere was incomparably strange.

As this Miao Xiu was giggling, he grabbed at his own hair, and suddenly pulled. With a sound of something breaking apart, like fabric being torn apart, a shocking scene could be witnessed. One could see Miao Xiu tearing off his scalp and face, and along with that, all the surface skin of his entire body…

It was as if he was taking off his clothes.

A piece of human skin was torn away.

And what was under the skin was not bloody flesh, muscles and bone.

It was…

A little girl that seemed to be around fifteen to sixteen years old.

A translucent and sparking girl, as if she was carved from jade. Like a little fairy that had descended into mortal lands.

This sweet and charming laugh had namely come out from the mouth of the little girl who had large eyes, as clear and pure as the autumn waters.

"It's not fun, it was discovered by you guys…" As the little girl took off the human skin of Miao Xiu, she unsheathed a toy-like little short sword and pointed it at Ye Qingyu. Panting with rage, her cheeks puffed up. "You bad person, to have uncovered my disguise. I need to kill you… come over, you're not allowed to dodge, I need to stab you!"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 191:


Chapter 192 - The reappearance of the Unmoving City of Darkness

This pure and innocent little girl, like a spoiled child throwing a tantrum, stabbed over with her sword. Everyone had a feeling of not knowing whether to laugh or cry, as if they really needed to willingly go over and let the young girl stab them to [1] allow her to vent her anger.

In truth, the moment Miao Xiu had torn apart his human skin, even Ye Qingyu reckoned that a terrifying monster would appear similar to the blood flame demon bear and the snow white demon lizard.

But he did not imagine what jumped out was an eccentric little girl.

What kind of demon was she?

Ye Qingyu could not be sure.

"Evildoer, just where has junior brother Miao gone? Just what are you?" The [Flying Heaven Sword] Wei Tianming loudly shouted, "You must have killed junior brother Miao. Everyone go together, let’s slaughter this little demon."

Seeing the demon monster was only a little girl, the men of the Jianghu were no longer that afraid.

“Tut tut, your junior brother Miao is a pervert. Originally, I didn't want to take his life, but who would have guessed that he would be so perverted, to dare harass me and say that he will rip my clothes apart. Therefore, I killed him with one strike." The little girl with large eyes laughed charmingly. "Such a person, even if he dies, he deserves it! Therefore, I cut off his skin to play around with."

As the words were said, the colours of all the faces of the Crepe Myrtle disciples changed slightly.

Just what kind of personality Miao Xiu had, they were extremely clear. He was definitely perverted. Seeing such a young girl carved like jade, and to have sneakily gone and harassed her, was definitely something he could have done.

But Wei Tianming's face was red with indignation. Saying angrily, "Evildoer, to spout such lies. We, the Crepe Myrtle sect are a righteous sect, how could we do such thing? You are throwing mud on junior brother Miao Xiu's name, don't think you can leave today…" "That's right, as a disciple of the Crepe Myrtle sect, how could they do such an act?" "How can we believe in the words of an evildoer?" "Kill her."

The surrounding people of the sects became disturbed, screaming for them to kill her. But no one dared to take a step forward.

Everyone's gaze focused on Ye Qingyu, hoping this white-robed reaper of death would act.

Ye Qingyu smiled slightly.

He abruptly turned to look at Wei Tianming, and said in contempt, "Disciples of righteous sects can perform no wrong? They must be saints?"

Wei Tianming would never have thought that the white-robed killing god would suddenly interrogate him like so. As he thought back to how he had continuously made things hard for this person, there was a hard to ignore fear in Wei Tianming's heart. He subconsciously took three or four steps backwards. Only after breathing in a mouthful of cold air into his chest, could it make his head function a little clearer. He said stutteringly, "Because… the sects has rules… us… famous righteous sects will not do such evil acts, we…" "Heh…"

Ye Qingyu let out an evident laugh of mockery.

“This is really a strange logic. Righteous sects, haha…" Ye Qingyu thought back to the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] Chen Moyun of Azure Phoenix Academy; he was also one of the righteous sects, enjoying the title of a pill master of Snow Empire. But the person behind that facade was as sinister as a jackal.

The faces of the disciples of the Crepe Myrtle instantly turned red like pig's blood.

There was a fiery feeling on their faces, as if they had been ferociously slapped on their faces.

But they did not dare argue back.

The middle-aged Shishu Liang Quan also remained silent.

At this moment—

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Four figures suddenly came flying in from the window Ye Qingyu had broken.

These were namely the four trusted soldiers following beside Liu Zongyuan.

The four people had rigid armour, wearing a black steel flat plate. From top to bottom, only their eyes were exposed to the outside. They had the stances of the armoured soldiers, and in their hands were the standard steel blades of the Youyan military. Made from the hands of a master, they were near Spirit weapons, incomparably sharp. In these steel blades there were blood rivulets with demon blood dripping. Evidently, they had just experienced a battle…

A metallic blood smell arose involuntarily.

The figures of the four men formed a line behind Ye Qingyu.

"We greet Marquis Ye. Officer Liu has ordered us four to give our assistance to Marquis Ye," the person who had acted to hurt Huang Ran said respectfully.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

From the window far off, one could faintly see the experts of the Demon Race doing whatever they pleased. They were madly destroying, but the experts of the army had already reacted. Ray after ray of yuan qi light pillars exploded out, like divine dragons soaring through the skies exploding upwards. Like the clap of thunder, they roared. The experts of the Vanguard reacted at the first instant.

True top class experts had not yet acted.

Evidently, they had taken a lot into consideration. Before the true motives of the old demons of the [Southern Incline Legion] were made clear, the top level experts of the Vanguard remained silent. On one hand, it was to defend against the sudden appearance to the true experts of the Demon Race, and on the other hand these titled demon warriors that had appeared were not worth it for them to act. They naturally left it to martial experts at the level of the military warfare officers to handle!

Soldiers vs soldiers!

Warriors vs warriors!

Ye Qingyu's gaze looked away, turning to look at the innocent young girl in front of him. "Today you cannot escape. Submit and be captured, then I can give you a quick death."

He was able to sense that there was demonic qi within the body of this young girl.

And furthermore, it was a demonic qi that was not less than that of the two titled demon warriors, the blood flame demon bear or the snow white demon lizard, in the slightest.

Although he did not know exactly what she was, her outer appearance was extremely similar to a human. But who could know for sure, whether this was another human skin shell, and her original appearance was that of a ferocious and cruel demon monster.

He had seen too many scenes of the Demon Race slaughtering the Human Race.[2] [3] Ye Qingyu would not show any pity towards the Demon Race.

The four black armoured soldiers came stealthily from all directions, surrounding this strange young girl.

But this young girl seemed not to be afraid of this in the slightest.

She giggled coquettishly, "The old demons of the [Southern Incline Legion] really made their descendants and students come here to be cannon fodder. They do not care about this in the least. But the people of the Unmoving City of Darkness are not so stupid. We are not prepared to go to our death so easily…”

Saying this, the short sword in her hands suddenly emitted a silver radiance. It completely enveloped her entire person inside.

"Not good, this evildoer is about to escape…" Someone shouted.

But Ye Qingyu was as if he was struck by lightning. He stood there stunned, remaining where he was.

There was an unprecedented light twinkling in his eyes. He stared at the young girl, and exclaimed in shock, "What did you say? The Unmoving City of Darkness[4] ? You are a person belonging to the Unmoving City of Darkness, you…” "Hehe, I'll remember you. You're interesting, I'll come find you again."

The young girl smiled charmingly, then the light surrounding her flashed. She disappeared from where she was standing.

Ye Qingyu lifted his hand, wanted to make her stay behind. But it was already too late.

The charming laugh of the young girl reverberated throughout his ears.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu's heart was in complete disorder and chaos.

Why was it the Unmoving City of Darkness?怎

At this moment, countless memories appeared like a flood within Ye Qingyu's mind.

He had no way of controlling himself, he recalled on what had happened when he was at White Deer Academy. A clumsy and ditzy little loli calling him brother Qingyu. On the first morning of the academy, the little loli that had fallen over because her robe was long. A person that trusted him unconditionally, a person that, because she wanted to see him in the [Grievance Hall], had wasted her precious academy points…

That girl called Song Xiaojun.

In Ye Qingyu's life, she was the girl that he worried over and showed the most affection for.

She was also a girl that Ye Qingyu swore he would find.

She was an extremely special person in his life.

A year had not passed since the female sword immortal Wang Jianru had brought the little loli who possessed the bloodline of darkness away from people who wanted to kill her. But Ye Qingyu already felt that as if countless years had passed. It was hard to describe just what sort of emotion Ye Qingyu felt for the little loli. But Ye Qingyu knew that in the silent night, when he had just finished cultivating, he would think about her.

It seemed to have become a type of obsession.

There was a devil in the heart of the martial way. Ye Qingyu's martial heart was the Asura Killing Heart, the devil in his heart should be related to the word killing.

But right now, the Song Xiaojun whose body flowed with the ancient bloodline of darkness, had become his obsession on his martial path.

Ye Qingyu originally thought that for a very long period of time, he would never hear of the names the Unmoving City of Darkness or Song Xiaojun. But he had never thought that today he would hear the words Unmoving City of Darkness from such a clever and intelligent girl.

"Why has the Unmoving City of Darkness and the [Southern Incline Legion] of the Demon Race joined forces?" "Was the Unmoving City of Darkness not a force that is not allowed to exist in this world by the Human Race as well as the Demon Race?“ "Just how is the little loli doing?" "The bloodline of darkness in her body, has she completely merged with it now?" "What about Wang Jianru? That peerless female sword immortal, is she still protecting Song Xiaojun?"

Question after question madly sprouted from Ye Qingyu's mind.

He stood there dumbly.

He did not know how long had past— "Marquis Ye, Marquis Ye, are you okay? What should we do after[5] this?" the young armoured soldier finally could bear the silence no longer, attempting to ask.

He had no way of understanding, why the decisive Marquis Ye seemed to change into an entire different person after the little demon girl had said those words and left. It was as if he had lost his soul, standing there dumbly staring into nothing.

But this was not the time to be standing there staring blankly into space, therefore the young soldier attempted to break Ye Qingyu out of his daze.

"Ah?" Ye Qingyu turned to look at the young soldier. Shaking his head, "Mm, I'm fine…"

Before he had finished, another abnormal change occurred.

Boom!

The entire [Breeze and Drizzle building] began shaking and quivering fiercely.

The numerous formations madly flickered, the reinforcement formations activated to their maximum. But one could see with their own eyes, fracture after fracture still appearing on the walls.

A hard to describe power appeared outside the [Breeze and Drizzle building] without any prior signs whatsoever.

In front of the force of this incredible power, the building known as the [Breeze and Drizzle Building] was like a broken bamboo building in a violent storm. It shook and quivered, emitting creaking noises, giving a sense to people that it was going to collapse at any moment… "This building is about to collapse, quickly leave!” Some people began losing their composure and started yelling.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 192:


Chapter 193 - The reappearance of Yan Buhui

Ye Qingyu finally recovered his state of mind.

His gaze swept over everyone on the fourth floor, his thoughts like lightning, and his figure flashed. In an instant he came to before the wall, punching out. There were the clear roars of a dragon’s howl emitting from his bones and muscles, as if the power of a dragon or tiger had enhanced his body…

Boom!

Half the wall completely exploded outwards.

Light that stung one’s eyes surged out from the outside.

The people of the Jianghu dispersed, every one of them escaping into the hole on the wall.

If not for Ye Qingyu destroying a side of the wall, it was most likely that everyone would be trapped within the [Breeze and Drizzle building] that was about to collapse.

Ye Qingyu did not regard these Jianghu people highly. However, he also did not want them to die here in this place just like that. He would not leave them alone.

Amidst a swathe of voices of panic and gratitude, Ye Qingyu stood at the opening, looking to the outside.

Thousands of meters away in the air, a familiar figure stood like a God or a Devil, towering above the clouds.

Within this apocalyptic pitch black aura fluctuating everywhere, the demonic qi that was like that of an ocean in the air emitted from his body. It completely shrouded the skies as it spread out, nearly covering the entire sky. It was unknown just how many kilometers it covered, one could not see the end of it. It was as if this world had entered into the apocalypse.

This terrifying demonic qi was namely the reason for the collapse of the [Breeze and Drizzle building].

Yan Buhui!

It was Yan Buhui!

Ye Qingyu's pupils’ constricted.

Just how was this possible? The most evil person of this era, would appear within Youyan Pass?

Ye Qingyu's shock was not little.

Was he crazy?

For Yan Buhui to have appeared in Youyan Pass. Was he not recovering from his wounds?

Did he recover so quickly?

Even if this peerless villain was at his full strength, unless his brain was retarded, or else he would not have come to Youyan Pass alone. This was like an old man eating poison, resenting the fact that his life was too long. Even if he was fiercer and stronger, such actions were not any different from suicide. Previously, to kill him, the [Youyan army] had expended countless efforts of strategists to lay the trap, to make him come out. But they wasted their efforts and only heavily injured him…

Who would have thought that the Yan Buhui, who had only luckily escaped, would come back into the net of his own volition.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu thought he had mistaken this figure for another person.

He even rubbed his own eyes, carefully looking into the sky. The person standing alone on top of the clouds, like an apocalyptic Fiendgod, was namely the villain of this era, Yan Buhui.

"You are Ye Qingyu, the heroic Marquis Ye Qingyu of Youyan Pass?"

An extremely peculiar noise came from behind him.

It was Nan Hua.

This prideful and gorgeous female disciple of the Crepe Myrtle sect did not pay attention to the Fiendgod-like figure outside. She did not pay attention to her comrades fleeing like beasts and birds, and she even did not hear the shout of her Shishu Liang Quan. She just suddenly shouted in a tone of enlightenment. It was unknown whether she was happily surprised or disappointed.

Ye Qingyu turned to give her a glance.

In reality, he did not have a shred of goodwill towards this charming Crepe Myrtle sect disciple.

For such a girl skilled in manipulation, one could tell with one glance that she was a clever character. The exclamation of surprise right now contained a preplanned sensation that made Ye Qingyu instinctively uncomfortable. The less he interacted with such a character, the better.

But Nan Hua's exclamation of surprise still attracted the attention of the Jianghu people on the fourth floor.

The gazes looking at Ye Qingyu instantly transformed.

"So that white-robed youth was Ye Qingyu!" "He is the youngest Marquis in the history of the Empire who received his title through his own achievements." "In this period of time, the rumours of the Empire have fluctuated. The young man that has caused the entire Jianghu to discuss him, is him?" "No wonder!" "His fame is not in vain. He really has the requirements to be proud." "He was that battle hero? He is not an easy character to handle…"

Different kinds of thinking floated from the hearts of different people.

Wei Tianming, at this time, had fallen into an extreme state of fear and trepidation.

He finally understood, the white-robed person that he thought was beneath him, the person he provoked and targeted, just what his identity was. Thinking back to his extremely overbearing actions, the conflict at the [White Jade Stairs] and even ordering someone over to incite trouble at the fourth floor… this entire process was like a dog using every method to want to humiliate a fierce tiger. It was utterly seeking its own humiliation.

Thinking back right now, if Ye Qingyu really wanted to slaughter him, it was only the effort of raising a hand.

And even if he died, it was likely that the Crepe Myrtle sect would not do anything for him. They would not go against a rising star of the Empire that was so popular it was burning just for him.

Thinking to here, the sweat of the [Flying Heaven Sword] Wei Tianming was like rain. His back was completely drenched. A hard to describe fear enveloped him; it was like the hands of the reaper were grasping his heart. He soundlessly retreated, hiding behind the backs of Liang Quan Shishu as well as the other disciples of the Crepe Myrtle sect, afraid that he would attract Ye Qingyu's notice.

As for the other Crepe Myrtle sect disciples, they all completely shut their mouths.

Even the Liang Quan who had experienced and seen many things, had a face of shock, an expression of enlightenment.

"Marquis Ye, it was really you." Nan Hua had a face of worship, her entire person seeming to emit a hard to describe charming light. It seemed like a young girl encountering the prince on white horse of her dreams. Such a gorgeous face made any male have a type of instinctive action to rush out and protect her.

But Ye Qingyu was not a normal man.

He had seen many beautiful girls; such as Jiang Xiaohan, such as Bai Yuqing, such as Song Xiaojun, such as the strange and clever girl of the Demon Race. For Ye Qingyu's perspective, if he just casually chose any from among them, they would be even more stunning than Nan Hua after they had grown and matured.

Therefore, he only turned his head to calmly look at Nan Hua, then coldly looked away.

Nan Hua's expression changed.

This was like fiercely punching empty air, with nothing she could latch onto to exert force. It made her feel hurt, as well as somewhat angry.

The situation was different from her imagination.

Just what was wrong with this Ye Qingyu?

Could it be that he did not like women?

Her performance had been very obvious.

Could it be that he was a martial lunatic, a wooden lump that was completely insensitive?

Nan Hua was about to make her own actions even more obvious…

But Ye Qingyu's figure had already flashed, disappearing from where he was.

He transformed into a ray of light, directly flying out of the [Breeze and Drizzle building].

"Go notify officer Liu and officer Wen, to tell them to quickly return. There has been a change in the situation." Ye Qingyu's voice came from the outside. His figure already could not be seen.

These words were said to the four armoured soldiers.

The four armoured soldiers figures also flickered, and the sound of them tearing through the air could be heard. They rushed out from the [Breeze and Drizzle building], acting according to Ye Qingyu's instructions to find Liu Zongyuan and Wen Wan.

Nan Hua's pink lips that were open were frozen in midair.

"You… this… Hmph!"

Seeing Ye Qingyu's disappearing figure, Nan Hua hatefully and angrily snorted, then ferociously stamped on the ground.

Which man did not like women?

She did not believe he could escape from her palm.

Nan Hua fiercely grinded her teeth. She decided after she had obtained and captured Ye Qingyu's heart, she would viciously torture and play with him. Hmph, he was only a tiny little Marquis, just what was so good about him… "Let's quickly leave from here!”

The shout of Liang Quan awakened the surrounding Crepe Myrtle sect disciples.

From just one glance, one could discern the demonic male far off was a top level expert. Just solely the demonic qi fluctuation emitted by him was enough to make normal martial experts suffocate. Evidently, the battle between top level experts was about to explode. The [Breeze and Drizzle building] was at the center of the battlefield, it was really far too dangerous.

This crowd of people in a sorry state left in a state of fear and fright.

…… ……

Ye Qingyu landed on the ground the moment he flew out from the [Breeze and Drizzle building].

Using the constantly falling walls and the dust soaring into the skies as cover, he constantly changed his position, observing the battles surrounding him. The twenty to thirty titled demon warriors that had appeared in the beginning had already fallen by half. Those who were still stubbornly enduring were the old famous titled demon warriors. There were many hidden aces up their sleeves, so even under the combined attack of the experts of the Vanguard, they still had the ability to resist.

Voice after voice of alarm and alert sounded throughout Youyan Pass.

Countless formation lights flickered through the air. All sorts of restrictions and formations in the city were continuously activated.

At the same time, there were endless formation airships converging to this spot. They were like black sharks swimming through the air, the light of the formation cannons constantly gathering. Large and small yuan qi energy of different attributes flashed throughout the sky, as if they were stars twinkling in the daytime.

The reaction of the [Youyan army], could be said to be decisive.

One could see the experts of the Demon Race including Yan Buhui, were completely surrounded at the center from top, left, right and bottom.

The battle also began to die down.

The experts of the army gradually stepped aside.

The titled demon warriors also gradually neared Yan Buhui.

Ever since Yan Buhui had appeared, such a level of battle was no longer needed.

What truly decided the fates of both parties was the exchange of blows between the top class experts.

On the ground.

Ye Qingyu had completely hidden away his aura, controlling the yuan qi in his body. Using the purest physical power of his body, he pierced through alley after alley, nearing the direction that Yan Buhui was in.

Doing it like so, would avoid Yan Buhui's notice to the greatest extent.

"For Yan Buhui to have appeared, just what is his motive?"

His heart was extremely nervous.

What made Ye Qingyu even more worried was that there was a terrifying premonition in his heart.

The appearance of Yan Buhui, perhaps had something to do with the Unmoving City of Darkness.

If it was really so that the power of the Unmoving City of Darkness had also participated in this matter, then would the little loli Song Xiaojun also appear? Wang Jianru had once said that Song Xiaojun had the bloodline of the Unmoving City of Darkness within her, that she would sooner or later enter the Unmoving City of Darkness. For the Unmoving City of Darkness that had disappeared for many years, for it to appear today, it was hard to say if there was not the factor of Song Xiaojun behind it.

At this time, Xiaojun should have completely lost all her memories?

This made Ye Qingyu's heart slightly hurt.

If they met again today, would the little loli who liked to hold his sleeve and call him brother Qingyu, still recognize himself?

If she really stood at the side of the Demon Race and acted to aid Yan Buhui…

Ye Qingyu could not dare to imagine, just what should he do if such a thing happened?

Should he helped Lu Zhaoge handle Yan Buhui, or aid the little loli to fight against the Youyan army?

And just when Ye Qingyu was finally approaching just below Yan Buhui, and hid behind a collapse building to observe in detail, the Yan Buhui that had always remained silent within the air finally opened his mouth to speak.

……

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

