Chapter 985:


Chapter 1001, The two words Immortal demon

The change at this point was out of everyone's expectation.

The experts present were all people with great power and influence, thus naturally could tell that it was not Ye Qingyu who shattered the Greater One Spiritual Master's head, but that there was some kind of strange changes. Which was even out of Ye Qingyu's control.

The shock still had not faded from Ye Qingyu's face.

The Greater One Spiritual Master was completely dead, and it was impossible to search for further information from his mind.

However, he had finally found some useful information, such as the appearance of the envoy.

He could try to investigate from this clue later on.

But what really made Ye Qingyu fear was the black figure in the memory of the Greater One Spiritual Master at the last moment.

Terrifying.

Extremely terrifying.

“Terrifying, that black figure, could it be a Quasi-emperor?”

In that split second of reading the memory, the black figure seemed to have sensed something, and a terrifying light pierced through the limitation of time and space, and shot directly toward Ye Qingyu. Luckily Ye Qingyu reacted swiftly and retracted his divine sense. If that terrifying light force were to strike him, then the other side could break through his consciousness and shatter his mind.

It should be said that the scene in the Greater One Spiritual Master’s memory was something that had happened in the past few years. It was like the projection of a dream. But in that moment, the mysterious figure produced an independent response, and then counter-attacked, like a divine dragon was awakened. It was simply unbelievable.

He had transcended the limits of time and space. Even a Great Saint might not possess such a skill.

Ye Qingyu had already vaguely assessed the strength of the dark figure.

Once the two words Quasi-emperor came out, how many heroes in the world would be intimidated.

But so what?

The expression in Ye Qingyu's eyes very quickly were as firm as iron. It no longer wavered in the slightest.

He must avenge Liu Shaji and the Immortal God Emperor Sect no matter what.

Back then when he was only at the Heaven Ascension stage or the Immortal Step realm he still dared to fight against experts of the Saint realm. Now that his strength had skyrocketed to the pinnacle of the Great Saint realm he naturally would not be afraid of anybody. The cultivation of martial arts was already an action in defiance of the natural order. So what if he was to face a Quasi-emperor?

Ye Qingyu had made up his mind. Looking at the body of the Greater One Spiritual Master on the ground he suddenly thought of something, squatted down, gently stroke his finger across like a sword and directly cut open the Greater One Spiritual Master’s corpse. Several wisps of sword intent were poured into the body of the Greater One Spiritual Master, roaming around, and instantly cut apart the body like a pig being slaughtered.

“This... so ruthless.”

“He wouldn't let him go even if he had died.”

“Insulting the corpse is really not what a Saint expert should do.”

“The [Ice Sword Killing God] really is a murderous demon.”

“Ruthless and merciless.”

The experts on the other side had a change of expression upon seeing this scene.

Previously, when Ye Qingyu tortured the Greater One Spiritual Master with sword intent, the experts of all sides had already felt that it was not what a Saint expert should do, but now he had even destroyed the body of the dead. What he had done was absolutely vindictive and petty. At this moment, everybody's evaluation of Ye Qingyu was reduced, and felt that he was ruthless and ungraceful.

Tan Yanzi and the other seniors also could not help but frown slightly.

Only fatty Li Shengyan burst into loud, hearty laughter, “Haha, Brother Ye Qingyu and I are really the same kind of people. Towards the enemy you are always ruthless and kill to the last one... I also dragged the enemies of the Li family out of their coffin and lashed the corpses with a whip. Hahahaha, that feeling, is really painful!”

The crowd looked speechless at the fatty.

Ye Qingyu was also quite speechless.

The reason he cut open the corpse of the Greater One Spiritual Master with sword intent was not to vent his hatred, but to confirm something.

The Greater One Spiritual Master, who had obtained that dark inheritance, had a devouring force in his body. This cultivation method was exceptionally bizarre and had an acceleration effect, and must be guarded against. Most importantly, in this dark and devouring martial arts, Ye Qingyu had sensed an aura similar to the captured puppet bloodworm back in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. This was a very important piece of information. It should be said that the puppet bloodworm was a treacherous existence that could devour the life of a domain. It was extremely sinister and terrifying. Ren Puyang also attached great importance to this matter. If the dark force behind the Greater One Spiritual Master were connected to the puppet bloodworm then this would be tantamount to a disaster to the entire Vast Thousand Domains.

Soon, the body of the Greater One Spiritual Master was cut into hundreds of pieces.

Ye Qingyu slowly stood up.

“It is indeed similar to the power of the puppet bloodworm, but the puppet bloodworm had more of a natural primitive innate force, while the dark force in Feng Wuhen's body is a cultivation method. That mysterious shadow had planted a dark demonic seed in his body. Feng Wuhen's body had been transformed long ago, so was able to bear the power of this dark demon seed, and then continued to devour the essence of external forces and then soar to the sky.”

He pondered intently.

But what he was certain about was that there was definitely a deep connection between the puppet bloodworm and the dark demon seed.

Ye Qingyu had a clearer understanding through the analysis of the yuan qi operation in the meridians of the Greater One Spiritual Master.

He had originally long wanted to use the puppet bloodworm to make battle puppets, like the golden puppets of the Green Xuan Hall, but he was uncertain on how to. After all, this was almost similar to creating life. However, after this, Ye Qingyu had a plan in mind and understood something, the Greater One Spiritual Master was just a puppet of the dark figure, and the operation of the power in his body was similar to the formations of the battle puppets.

Next, he just needed to find some materials that were suitable to refine a puppet.

Ye Qingyu's eyes fell again on the [White Lotus Immortal Sword] in his hand.

The colour of the white Lotus is bright and clear, the silver sword tip never age, destroying devil and the evil. One sword strike beheads a group of demons!

Liu Shaji had died, the White Lotus Sword song would most likely never be heard again.

Just as he was about to put the White Lotus Immortal sword away, the voice of the million-year-old soul suddenly sounded, “There is something in this sword... gee, I almost overlooked...” He spoke in a very surprised tone.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback. “There is something in the sword?”

For a moment he did not understand what the million-year-old soul meant.

“There is the life force of a spirit. The sword seems to have imprisoned the spirit origin of someone.” The million-year-old soul sounded greatly surprised. “This sword is extraordinary, and is definitely not as simple as it looks on the surface. Yes, the spirit origin seems to have been sealed within the day. It is most likely that the sword had absorbed the last trace of spirit origin after someone’s death. If you can crack the seal of this sword, find a land of opportunity and good fortune, you may be able to ignite this spirit origin, so that the person can be resurrected.”

What?

Ye Qingyu was trembling inwardly upon hearing this.

There was such a thing?

Spirit origin?

Sealed in the sword?

A light flashed across Ye Qingyu's mind as he immediately realized something.
To be able to be absorbed by the
[White Lotus Immortal Sword]
's body, and to have happened in the recent days, besides Liu Shaji, who else could it be? It must have been that when Liu Shaji was killed, a wisp of his spirit origin wasn’t destroyed and was saved by the
[White Lotus Immortal Sword]
. There was still hope.

Ye Qingyu couldn't help feeling ecstatic.

Although this was only a guess, and that there may be other possibilities, but Ye Qingyu did not want to think otherwise and firmly believed that it must be Liu Shaji.

He instantly made up his mind that, no matter what, he must resurrect the spirit origin in the [White Lotus Immortal Sword].

He took a deep breath and calmed down, before he hurriedly asked the million-year-old soul what kind of land of opportunity and good fortune did he need to resurrect the spirit origin in the sword.

“The so-called land of opportunity and good fortune must be a natural paradise. There must be one behind the door of the demon domain of the Chaos Demon Emperor Reincarnation Hall. If you want to resurrect the spirit in the sword then I will guide you at the right time,” the million-year-old spirit said firmly.

These words were like celestial sounds to Ye Qingyu.

He wanted to ask more details, but that was when——

“Look, the door of the demon domain seems to be changing!”

Fatty Li Shengyan glanced at the direction of the giant door in the midst of the sea of chaotic mist, and suddenly exclaimed out loud.

The crowd was startled.

Countless eyes immediately looked over at the door of the demon domain at the same time.

There was indeed a sudden change. From the originally giant still door there were ink-like mist seeping out, like vines, entangling with each other, and ancient and magnificent demonic aura spread all around, like there was some sort of demon hidden behind the door stretching out a tentacle into this world.

Slowly, the black mist, as though it had been guided by a mysterious force, converged at the center of the giant door.

A huge and strange ancient character was formed by the mist.

“This... I know this character, it’s the ancient God Demon writing, it is read as [Immortal]!” Fatty Li Shengyan exclaimed, and did not forget to put on a smug look on his face.

The Patriarch of the Mountain Yao Sect, Zhang Daowu, nodded, eyes lit up with excitement. “This is writing of the God and Demon Age. It is indeed the [Immortal] character after translation.”

“It's that character, could it be that... behind the demon door is the Immortal Domain?” Situ Kongming, the Patriarch of the Pill Dao Sect, looked hopefully in the direction of the door.

“The door of the demon domain had undergone changes, it must be opening soon.”

“The time has come!”

“Great, the moment is finally here!”

The other experts were also boiling with excitement, hanging in suspense.

But the expression on Ye Qingyu's face suddenly became strange.

He stood there motionless, as if he was staring entranced at the door of the demon domain. When he heard the comments of the crowd around, he did not say anything, but was incomparably shocked.

No!

It was not the [
Immortal]
character!

In Ye Qingyu’s view, the character that came out of the door of the demon domain was clearly the word [Demon]!

He even couldn't help wiping his eyes, secretly activated the [Eyes of the Void], and again carefully examined the character on the giant door, but it was still the [Demon] character and not [Immortal].

What was going on?

Fatty Li Shengyan, who was from a Quasi-emperor family, definitely had a better knowledge in the writings of the God and Demon Age than him. Moreover, there were several Human Race seniors here, who were all people with great power and influence, and were the top elites of the Human Race. They must have some knowledge in the ancient writings of the God and Demon Age. Adding to this, there were experts of other races... it is understandable for one person to make a mistake, but it was impossible for so many experts to be wrong at the same time.

This indicated that they could not have read the character on the door wrong, and it was indeed the [Immortal] character.

But why was it that, in his eyes, it had become the [Demon] character?

The mist that made up the character receded toward both sides of the door.

The door of the demon domain opened——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 986:


Chapter 1002, Land of hidden Immortals

Almost in a flash, the seemingly incomparably heavy door swung open, and the world behind the door, like a slowly unfolded picture, was completely and clearly displayed in front of the hundreds of experts.

It was a vast and boundless primitive world of mountains and rivers.

Opposite the door of the demon domain, the mountains and rivers were tremendous and magnificent.

The towering and majestic mountains stretched to the end of the sky, like divine soldiers and generals of this primitive heaven and earth. The sky resembled silk fabric, untainted by a speck of dust, and was a beautiful azure blue colour. The forests were beautiful and secluded, and there were range upon range of mountains. There were trees reaching to the clouds everywhere, providing independent shade, and waterfall hanging from the sky, like an army of thousands of men and horses was descending. Everywhere was the most primitive natural charm, and the rich spiritual qi gathered on this side of the world hit everybody in the face.

The scene in front was like an illusion.

It was like they had crossed the torrent of time and the boundaries of space, leading to the other side of the world.

Whizz! Whizz! Whizz!

In a flash, there were sounds of figures moving rapidly through the air.

The several Great Saint experts in the sky had reacted right away, entering the door of the demon domain with incredibly speed, that the others experts present could not even capture the slightest movement or shadow.

“Haha, the time has come.”

“The opportunity is in there.”

“The true primitive world of Gods and Demons, this is the land of the Dao.”

“Go, don't let anyone else get there first.”

After a number of loud exclamations, figures flashed like lightning to the tremendous world behind the door of the demon domain.

The hundreds of experts at the peak of the bone mountain sprang up, rushing to the front.

Ye Qingyu and Li Shengyan exchanged a glance, eyes faintly flashing a hint of excitement and encouragement, and then also, without the slightest hesitation, both transformed into a stream of light and sped over like lightning, entering into tide of hundreds of people.

Beyond the door of the demon domain, there was an incomparably fresh and clean air hitting them in the face, and the spiritual qi was as abundant as in a fairyland.

“It’s similar to the scenery of the small world in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss.”

Ye Qingyu had this feeling as he stepped through the door of the demon domain.

The scenery of this world was the primitive world of the God and Demon Age. Thus the entire space contained surging yuan qi and laws of the heaven and earth of the God and Demon Age.

“Very strong spiritual aura!”

“It's too real, it's a primitive space...the primitive space of the God and Demon Age!”

“The power of the Chaos Demon Emperor is indeed remarkable.”

The several Human Race experts who had come in with Ye Qingyu and the others, including the Patriarch of the Pill Dao Sect, Situ Kongming, the Master of the Forever Song Palace, Qin Yanzi, and the elder of the High Cliff Sect, Huang Ye, as well as other experts were all stirred up, crying out in surprise one after another. They had not been to the small world of the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, thus had not seen this sort of primitive world before. To obtain an area of the heaven and earth and to preserve it to this extent was indeed the doing of a martial arts Emperor. How could they not be excited?

Especially for the Great Saints of martial arts, this sort of primitive world environment, which was now impossible to find in the Vast Thousand Domains, was the optimum place for reaching illumination. And if there were enough time, they would have the opportunity to ascend to the Quasi-emperor throne in such an environment.

Brilliance flashed.

The streams of light dissipated into the different directions of the primitive world.

Ye Qingyu and the others, after flying hundreds of kilometers, landed on the summit of a mountain, surveying the views from above and sincerely observing and feeling the rich and pure power of the laws of this world as well as the spiritual charm.

The pure and powerful spiritual qi of the heavens and earth had almost condensed into a solid substance in the Void. Breathing in and out, one could instantly feel the rich and magnificent spiritual qi gushing into the limbs and bones, instantly enriching the meridians and blood vessels like great waves. The mind’s of everyone  felt unprecedentedly comfortable and joyful.

The expression on the faces of the crowd was one of irrepressible shock and surprise.

On the other side, Ye Qingyu and fatty Li Shengyan shared a smile.

They had personally experienced a similar primitive land in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss before. If they did not guess wrong, then this small world was most likely also a sacred yuan space that the Chaos Demon Emperor took from the God and Demon Age.

“Everybody, I will leave first, I came for one thing and cannot walk with you this time, very sorry.” Tan Yanzi gave a cupped fist salute and left.

“Hahaha, right, everyone has a goal, then we will part here.”

“Goodbye!”

“Goodbye.”

The several of the most powerful Human Race Great Saint experts evidently all had their own goals and would not walk with others.

This was also to be expected. Those who were able to come here were all extremely confident supreme martial arts existences. Since they had entered through the door of the demon domain, they naturally would not walk with others. Firstly, they did not want others to share their luck and secondly, they did not want to give their opponents a chance to secretly attack them from behind if they were to encounter the opportunity. After all, in the face of the opportunity, even the most humble nobleman may become a despicable villain. Sometimes even husband and wife or father and son could not fully trust each other.

After informing each other, everybody impatiently turned into a stream of light and left.

Watching the several seniors leave, fatty Li Shengyan looked at Ye Qingyu with a smile. “Brother Ye Qingyu, I will also leave.”

Since Li Shengyan had come here it was clear that he also had an opportunity that he wanted to find.

Ye Qingyu nodded, gave a faint smile and instructed him to be careful of everything.

“Right, this is for you.” Fatty Shengyan suddenly remembered something, fumbled out a palm-sized broken turtle shell from his blue-green pocket, and said in a secretive voice, “Old ancestor said to give this to you, it can protect you.” The old ancestor that he mentioned was of course [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

As he was speaking, he handed the turtle shell to Ye Qingyu.

How did [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] know that I was going to get here and meet this fatty?

Ye Qingyu was puzzled.

But on second thought, the remarkable ability of a Quasi-emperor was unfathomable. He must have predicted something to give it to fatty in advance.

But upon a closer look at the purple-brown turtle shell, the scales were mottled and indistinct, as though it had been grinded by some hard object. The edges were jagged, and there were several nail-sized cracks. It looked old and damaged, and he could not sense the slightest divine power from it. If it were others that gave him this turtle shell, then he would have thought it was a joke; however, this was a gift from a Quasi-emperor, thus it must be viewed in a different light and cannot be judged by its appearance.

Since the Quasi-emperor had said that this broken turtle shell could protect him, then it would certainly display some divine force at the critical moment.

“Since it can protect oneself, then you should keep it.” Ye Qingyu declined on second thought.

It was not that he did not believe in the defensive power of the turtle shell, but Ye Qingyu knew that he had many hidden cards, and if there was real danger he could easily defend or escape. Thus it was better to leave it for fatty to protect himself.

“Don't waste time, quickly take it, I still have a lot of treasures on me. Even if there were another ten sacred yuan spaces I can also break through them.” Fatty Li Shengyan patted his pocket with confidence and placed the turtle shell into Ye Qingyu's hands.

“Then thank you, you must be careful.” Ye Qingyu carefully put away the turtle shell.

Fatty nodded with a smile and did not say anything more, transformed into a stream of blue-green light and left.

“Let's go, too, just now I've sensed the exact location of the Immortal body,” the voice of the million-year-old soul sounded.

Ye Qingyu lit up with joy and said impatiently, “Great, elder, let's quickly get there.”

Then, there was a silvery glow in the Void, and a stream of light sped toward the depths of the mountains in the southeast direction like a bolt of lightning.

……

A moment later.

It was a snowy expanse.

It was the sky of an icy primitive forest of tens of thousands of towering trees.

The snow-capped peaks looked like layers of clouds, boundless, and forming into one with the sky. Between the mountains, there were towering ancient trees that seemed to have been growing since the start of the God and Demon Age, which was marked by its tens of thousands of growth rings.

“Elder, we have traveled nearly thousands of miles, can I ask how far away are we from the Immortal body?” As Ye Qingyu walked through the snowy forest, he only felt that the beautiful sceneries of the primitive land was extremely pure, like it was painted with a divine brush, making him feel intoxicated even without drinking.

“Hahaha, it's not so easy to reach there. The size of this primitive world is unexpected, haha, however, I have deduced that the Immortal body that I am looking for is in the Land of Hidden Immortals of this world.” The voice of the million-year-old soul sounded joyful and carefree as though he had been affected by the primitive aura of this world.

“The Land of Hidden Immortals?” Ye Qingyu couldn't help but get curious.

It was the first time that he had heard the name of such a place. But as soon as he heard it, it felt very extraordinary.

The martial arts matters of this world, whether it was people or things, once it involved the word ‘Immortal’ it will sound incredibly mysterious.

This Land of Hidden Immortals must be the secret place used to store the treasures of the Immortals.

“The so-called Land of Hidden Immortals requires one to past the Temple of Heaven, travel through the underground door, go across the hidden mountain plains, and over the heaven and earth.” The million-year-old soul did not seem to be in a hurry to explain, instead he was keeping Ye Qingyu in suspense.

Ye Qingyu, after listening to the mystery of a mystery, felt his mind was in great confusion. He shook his head, no longer thinking about it, and instead directly followed the guidance of the elder and continued ahead.

Following along the mountain path, through the vast snowy forest, he came to a river that was endlessly surging onward.

Gurgle, gurgle, gurgle.

Only the echoes of the waves could be heard, as though it was the roar of the river.

The unceasing torrents seemed as though it was poured down from the clouds above, rolling westward and surging up violently, like a dragon lifting its head up and roaring to the mountains.

Ye Qingyu came to a stop here, feeling the majestic momentum of the gushing river that was like an army of thousands of men and horses, and couldn’t help feeling a magnificent and heroic emotion rippling through his body.

Along the way, he had seen many natural features and landscapes that were very different from those of the Vast Thousand Domains today. All of which were the most primitive and pure, and even a green leaf or a mountain flower had its pure and spiritual charm.

After entering the depths and hinterland of the primitive forest, he saw many rare spiritual herbs and medicinal plants, all of which only existed in the God and Demon Age, and some of which, Ye Qingyu could barely identify their names and medicinal properties according to the records in ancient books. But the majority he had never seen before and the ancient books also did not seem to have a record of them.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 987:


Chapter 1003, Dragon palace

Of course, according to Ye Qingyu's usual style, he naturally had to store away in his pockets the precious and rare divine herbs he saw along the way, but this time he did not want to be so unrestrained as he was back in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, where he frantically picked everything he saw and instead selectively chose some varieties that he had never seen before.

At the same time, along the way he also saw many mythological animals and spiritual creatures hidden in the depths of the mountains. Some of which Ye Qingyu knew about and had read in the ancient books of the God and Demon Age, such as the [Three Yuan Foot Beast], [Ancient Ibis], [Scale Badger] and so on. There were also some that were completely unfamiliar to him. But no matter what species it was all were extinct in the present age.

Another hour passed by.

Under the guidance of the million-year-old soul, Ye Qingyu finally came to a huge lake that was surrounded by forest on three sides and mountains on the other.

The thousands of meter surface area of the lake was quiet and tranquil, like a large smooth mirror was dotted between the mountains, glistening under the sunlight and reflecting the blue sky, white clouds, the green hills and ancient trees. It looked like a treasured mirror of a fairy. There were mists curling up around the lake, rippling, and it was difficult not to get unconsciously entranced.

“This is the Land of Hidden Immortals.”

The voice of the millions-year-old soul came all of a sudden, with a hint of imperceptible excitement.

This is it?

Ye Qingyu stood by the lake, closely surveying the terrain.

In less than a few moments, there was a harvest.

“I see!”

When he got to the lakeside, he only felt that the scenery was pleasant and beautiful, but it was only upon a careful examination that Ye Qingyu found that in the underground of the lake, there seemed to be nine divine dragon veins divided into nine ends gathered here. Moreover, the lake before him was the eye of the convergence. And the giant lake was divided into two ends, one large and one small, like the sun and moon. It was indeed the auspicious sign of nine dragons playing with a pearl according to Feng Shui.

If this place was the Land of Hidden Immortals, it was indeed worthy of the name.

“The Immortal body is in this lake, we'll go down now, but you have to be careful,-” the million-year-old soul reminded.

Ye Qingyu nodded, shrouding his body with a layer of thin silver light, and dived into the lake in a flash.

The water was clear and everything could be seen.

Ye Qingyu's diving speed was not considered as extremely fast.

But the lake seemed to be bottomless, even after thousands of meters he still could not see the bottom of the lake.

“The lake is strange.”

Ye Qingyu had never seen such a deep lake.

It seemed that the real Land of Hidden Immortals was at the bottom of the lake.

He understood.

After about half an hour.

Ye Qingyu estimated that he had already dived about tens of thousands of meters deep in one breath.

As he dived down, the light rays grew dull and there seemed to be strange laws flowing around. Given Ye Qingyu's present eyesight, he could only vaguely see that there were many strange shoals of fish traveling back and forth around him. Some were very large, like ancient apes, slowly advancing through the ink-blue lake like a giant boat. And some were very small, thumb-sized, mischievously approaching Ye Qingyu and seemingly looking for something.

But at this moment, Ye Qingyu was not in the mood to study these strange fish.

Where Immortals live, there was bound to be strange creatures. The lake was so bizarre, bottomless, and was definitely not an ordinary place. Perhaps there were dangers lurking in the dark. With a cautious mind and under the guidance of the million-year-old soul, he continued to dive down another thousands of meters.

His field of vision started to reduce and could only see less than ten meters away. Everything else was dark.

He continued to dive down.

Another hour passed and it was another tens of thousands of meters deeper.

The surroundings had become pitch black like ink.

“Hey? This...” Ye Qingyu suddenly discovered that beneath the darkness, there was a faint twinkle of light, like a little star shining faintly on a dark night.

There's light!

Ye Qingyu's lit up with joy, and quickly sped downwards.

Then after about another tens of thousands of meters.

The light in the water was restored.

There was pool of light below.

His visibility was no longer blocked by the flow of water, and everything in the environment had become much clearer.

He had finally reached the bottom of the lake.

But what Ye Qingyu saw ahead had completely astounded him.

“The bottom of the lake... is not sediments and rock, it's... it's just too beautiful!”

Ye Qingyu found it hard to believe what he had seen.

He had seen innumerable strange lands before, but in front of him now was indeed an unprecedented spectacle. There were corals everywhere, some shaped like branches, some circular like flowers, and some marked with stripes. There were all kinds of shape and patterns, and each and every one of them was unique. Some were red like sandstone, some green as jade, some sky-blue, and some were bright as amber orange, emitting a bright luster. Although the color was different and there was nothing in common with each other, all were colourful and showy.

This place, it was simply like a glass wonderland.

Ye Qingyu couldn't stop admiring the shapes and appearances of the corals, unable to calm his surprise.

It should be said that he had been living on land all this time, and he didn’t know much about the underwater landscape. Moreover, the coral colonies before him were the product of the primitive natural environment that he had never heard or seen before.

He slowly landed on the bed of the lake.

“Go ahead, the place where the Immortal body is hidden is right in front of you,” the million-year-old soul reminded him.

Ye Qingyu moved forward in the coral jungle.

Walking forward in accordance with the directions of the million-year-old soul, sometimes he passed through the coral colonies and sometimes crossed the strange lake tunnel. There were many twists and turns like a maze. It was unknown how far he had walked, as though he was walking in a bizarre natural formation. In the end, even Ye Qingyu was a little confused with the direction he was heading. After all, it was the first time he was tens thousands of meters deep.

“Elder, how much longer do we need to walk?”

He asked impatiently.

“It's in front,” the million-year-old soul said.

He walked a further ten kilometers ahead.

Ye Qingyu came to a halt.

This time, without the million-year-old soul telling him, he also knew that the destination was here.

In the distance, less than one thousand meters away, there was vaguely an incredibly dazzling white light flashing. It seemed as though someone had taken the moon of the sky and brought it into the lake. It was absolutely different from elsewhere, glowing with a divine light.

Ye Qingyu immediately moved toward the light source.

The light was getting stronger, and Ye Qingyu's vision also grew clearer.

It turned out to be a group of towering mountain-like Crystal Palaces at the bottom of the lake.

A group of palaces?

Heavens, there were palace buildings at the bottom of the lake?

This... could it have been created by a Fiendgod?

Ye Qingyu was shaken again.

His state of mind and mental state cultivation had already reached the extreme depths, but what he had seen today was really too unbelievable that he had almost lost mind again.

The group of palaces ahead was shining a dazzling brilliance before because of the crystals.

“Is this a divine palace too? It's a spectacle.”

The closer Ye Qingyu got, the more amazed he was.

The tallest building of the crystal palaces was nearly tens of thousands of meters high. `As far as the eye could see, the palace top was hidden in the thick ink-like lake, and from afar, it almost looked like a huge crystal divine dragon, hovering in the bottom of the lake, facing skyward and was trying to leap toward the lake surface.

Looking at the crystal walls of the palace, it was another spectacle. The surface was smooth as a mirror, and reflected the shadows in the water, including the shape of Ye Qingyu's face, and even every strand of his hair was incredibly clear. The crystal, although extremely transparent, exuded an ancient and magnificent aura, like the luster of gems, like the tens of thousands of stars spread across the universe. With one glance it was obvious that the exquisite buildings were created through countless years of polishing and refinement.

The atmosphere around the crystal palace was ancient and mysterious, and the shape, which was rarely seen, was definitely not formed by nature.

Upon closer inspection, it looked like it was moved straight here using some remarkable divine power.

After a moment of observation, Ye Qingyu seemed to have made a judgment.

He slowly walked forward, stopping at the entrance to the door of the central palace.

“Hey? There are words... it's... …[Dragon Palace]?!”

Ye Qingyu looked up at the crystal plaque on the gate, which was engraved with the word [Dragon Palace] in the writing of the God and Demon Age.

[Dragon Palace]?

Could this palace be connected to the Divine Dragon Race of the God and Demon Age?

“Hurry go in, the Immortal body is in there, it is dangerous here, listen to my guidance, and you must not be the least bit careless.” The voice of the million-year-old soul carried a hint of urgency, but more of seriousness.

Ye Qingyu nodded and walked towards the half-hidden crystal gate.

It was only after stepping into the passageway of the entrance to the palace that he had understood why elder had reminded him

He had only walked about ten steps when he encountered a strange formation.

Ye Qingyu was nearly entangled in three separate ancient formations along the way.

Fortunately the million-year-old soul had reminded him and he managed to evade and did not touch the mechanism of the final formation.

It was only then that he realized that in the [Dragon Palace] there were incredibly bizarre protection and prohibition formations everywhere. Each formation could instantly kill experts of the Great Saint realm, and each formation was attached to another formation. One trap was followed by another trap, and one mechanism hid another mechanism. There were dangers at every step.

“This is [Dragon Palace] seems more like the land of death!”

Walking along the passageway, Ye Qingyu passed through more than ten great dangers with difficulty, and it was only then that he came to a hall and carefully released his divine sense, confirming that there was no other offensive formation. He could finally relax little, carefully looking around.

The palace was hundreds of meters wide, dozens of meters high, and the outline seemed to be shaped like an inverted semi-curved crystal barrier. In the main hall stood dozens of hanging crystal pillars, with the thickest one about four or five people in width. The surface was smooth and clear, as though it had been formed by the flow of water, and together with the reflection of the soft light, it resembled the brilliance of the bright moon, magnificent and beautiful.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 988:


Chapter 1004, Protection

As Ye Qingyu came to one of the crystal stone pillars, slowly pressing his palm closer to the surface of the pillar, there was immediately a faint coolness penetrating into his palm. But it did not feel cold at all, instead it was more like the spring breeze blowing past his heart and spleen, giving a relaxed and comfortable feeling as well as elevating the spirit.

“A miracle...”

He marveled again.

The energy in the crystal pillars was ancient and pure, able to remove impurities from the body, and its benefits even surpass the effects of medicines and elixirs.

Unfortunately, he couldn’t take it away.

Besides astonishment, Ye Qingyu was also a little disappointed.

Previously, the million-year-old soul had reminded him that he must not recklessly touch any objects; otherwise he could trigger the many secret formations. Moreover, if he were to encounter a formation of life and death, he most likely would not escape unscathed even with his present cultivation level.

But soon Ye Qingyu couldn’t help chuckling out loud.

Why was his greedy thought so similar to that of the silly dog?

One really takes the behavior of one's company.

Ye Qingyu shook his head, and then inevitably let out a sigh. He couldn't help thinking about Little Nine and Old Hu Bugui.
Have they safely left the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor?

The most important thing now was to find the Immortal body and opportunity as soon as possible and then leave this place to meet up with them.

He cleared his mind and continued on ahead.

Approximately after the time to have a cup of tea, Ye Qingyu came to another palace hall after twisting and turning through several passages.

“The previous palace is made of crystal, and this one from gold... it's just not too extravagant...”

Standing in the dazzling gold brilliance, Ye Qingyu's vision almost went blurry.

The outline of the golden palace was similar to the previous crystal palace, although there wasn't any huge energy-containing pillars like before, there were all kinds of gold and silver treasures stacked everywhere, as well as pure gold carved statues of mythological beasts, and exquisite and beautiful gold and silver weapons and ornaments. From afar, the pile of gold weapons almost looked like a little mountain.

Any one of the mountains of gold could most likely purchase a little domain.

Although for martial artists with profound cultivation base, money was only mere worldly possessions, Ye Qingyu still couldn’t help swallowing saliva.

Next, following the guidance of the million-year-old soul, he again went through several long passageways.

Without triggering any of the formations, he came to a red coral palace building.

The outline of the palace was similar to the previous two, but whether it was the walls or domed roof, they were all made of blood-coloured corals. The number of corals was too many that it was impossible to be counted.

But what shocked Ye Qingyu was not the corals on the walls of the palace, but that, within a hundred meter radius of the palace, there were all sorts of corals and pearls.

The smallest of the iridescent and lustrous white pearls was at least the size of a fist, while the biggest one needed several people to fully surround it. In addition, there were countless varieties of corals and an array of colours, including red, blue, yellow and green.

“How is this a [Dragon Palace]… it's a treasure palace!”

Ye Qingyu marveled once again and overturned the name [Dragon Palace].

Any one of the objects here was a priceless rare treasure. It should be said that not only divine plants and spirit elixirs could assist martial arts cultivation, these corals and pearls also had the same effect. Moreover, these materials would be needed in the refinement of divine weapons.

If it had not been for the reminder from the million-year-old soul that was still lingering in his ear, Ye Qingyu wouldn’t have been able to control himself and would have directly taken out the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to store away all the treasures of the palaces.

Ye Qingyu continued to follow the guidance of the million-year-old soul. They again passed through several luxurious and gorgeous palaces, but did not stop for too long and left directly.

About half an hour later.

“Here we are,” the million-year-old soul finally spoke.

Ye Qingyu's heart trembled when he heard this.

Before him was the entrance of a main palace hall.

But, compared to the magnificent and luxurious palace halls before, the palace hall in front of him was much simpler.

Ye Qingyu surveyed the palace in front of him, and couldn't help feeling puzzled.

The whole palace hall, which was square-shaped, was built from some kind of white crystal. The craftsmanship was simple, and there wasn't any plaque, statues, engraving, or formations. Although said to be a palace, it was more like a large stone house, except that above the entrance there was an engraved character in the writing of the God and Demon Age——

[Immortal].

This was the main palace hall where the Immortal body is hidden?

The so-called Land of Hidden Immortals referred to this palace hall?

Ye Qingyu did not advance any further.

“Finally arrived!” The million-year-old soul spoke all of a sudden, overjoyed, “Everything comes to him who waits, I have finally found the Immortal body, haha, it’s in there!”

Without waiting for Ye Qingyu's reply, the million-year-old soul spoke again, “We must not let our efforts go to waste. Little leaf, next I will need to enter the Immortal palace and need around a day to refine the Immortal body. During this period, please can you stay outside the palace and act as my protection. No matter what or who it is do not allow them into the Immortal Palace.”

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu’s expression immediately grew solemn. “Yes, elder please don't worry.”

He knew that the most critical moment had come.

For this existence the next day was an extremely important moment. Whether or not he could reconstruct the body and then stand in the world again, whether or not he would succeed or fail was dependent on this moment.

“Haha, I'll go now.”

With a hearty laugh, a small ball of black mist slowly floated up from behind Ye Qingyu, carrying the little black stone that contained the million-year-old soul, which was the [heart] refined from the Storm Platform.

Swoosh!

The dense black mist instantly transformed into a stream of light, shooting through the large door of the Immortal Palace.

The door seemed like a water screen, letting the black stone penetrate through.

The million-year-old soul had entered the Immortal Palace.

Then, everything returned to normal.

Ye Qingyu stood at the entrance of the Immortal Palace.

The space became extremely still and quiet, even the sound of breathing and swallowing saliva were hushed.

He stood outside the closed palace door and waited a few more moments. It was only when he had confirmed that there was no movement in the palace that he lowered into a crossed legged sitting position and began to operate the nameless breathing technique, concentrating his mind and calming his emotions. His eyes were slightly closed, looking solemn and peaceful, like an old monk settling into a meditative state. He was shrouded in dense mist that began to glow brighter and brighter, like countless stars had turned into thousands of fragments, floating around.

One day of time was neither long nor short. He naturally did not intend to sit there and wait.

After the forty battles on the Life and Death Platforms, as well as at the battle against the Greater One Spiritual Master on the mountain of bones, there were many places that Ye Qingyu needed to sum up the success and failure.

Moreover, the bottom of this Sun and Moon Lake, where the spiritual veins gathered, was the integration of heaven and earth, and everywhere there were pure spiritual aura and primitive law atmosphere. Especially the [Dragon Palace]. The crystals were all derived from the God and Demon Age, which had absorbed and accumulated millions of years of the most primitive and pure aura of the heaven and earth. It could be said to be the essence of all places. As far as for the cultivation of martial arts, it was simply the best place of an upper domain.

Therefore, he planned to take advantage of the favourable location of the [Dragon Palace] to practice.

Time passed by.

An hour passed in the blink of an eye.

Ye Qingyu’s eyes suddenly shot open.

As though forcibly blocked by some sort of power, everything came to an abrupt stop. Only the light left in his eyes was flashing silver, before it faded away.

At that moment, there was a sudden change in the distant place in the [Dragon Palace]. There was a burst of terrifying tyrannical power, like surging waves, spreading toward all directions.

There seemed to be an invisible danger that was approaching his direction.

“Someone broke into the [Dragon Palace] and triggered the formations.” Ye Qingyu immediately made a judgment and stood up where he was, looking very vigilant.

He had come all the way here, and thus was naturally very clear of the dangers and terrifying formations in the [Dragon Palace]. If the million-year-old soul had not guided him along the way he most likely would not have safely passed through. Therefore, he did not know whether the people who triggered the formations could make it to the Immortal Palace. If they really were strong enough to break through the formation then that also meant their strength must not be underestimated.

Time passed by.

Another hour passed.

The fluctuations of power in the distance were becoming clearer and stronger.

And from the remaining aura, he could feel that there seemed to be several experts of different cultivation levels, all moving in the direction of the Immortal Palace.

Although formations were triggered everywhere, it seemed that, in the end it did not really stop these experts from advancing.

All of a sudden, Ye Qingyu erupted with piercing cold aura.

“Here we are!”

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Several beams of light flashed.

At the end of the last passageway to the Immortal Palace, several figures were darting over with incredible speed.

“It's him?”

Ye Qingyu's eyes flashed as he immediately recognized one of the figures.

The expert that headed the group was thin and extremely young, about twenty years old. He was clad in a large black robe, his red and yellow hair casually draped over his back, and was surging with fighting intent all over. It was the young lord of the Sinful Pit.

And behind him were two Great Saint experts enveloped in scarlet red flames, around fifty or sixty years old, with golden hair and beard, and were similarly tall and thin.

They were the guardian Saint experts of the Sinful Pit.

In addition, Ye Qingyu also found that behind the few Sinful Pit experts, also stood a few black-robed experts shrouded in black mist, emitting a very bizarre aura and looking extremely mysterious. But they were also terrifying martial arts experts.

These figures were incredibly fast, and instantly came to the Immortal Palace——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

