Chapter 341:


Chapter 342 - Is there any justice in this world?

At this time, Liao Xiongyi’s family of three was completely astounded.

Things were a little different to what they had initially thought.

Ye Qingyu’s strong stance made the astute Liao Xiongyi immediately realized that this friend of the second son was not as simple as he had imagined... But how did his second son know such a powerful person?

But the power of the Wu household was also not small.

The master of the Wu household, Wu Boxiong, is the younger brother of the City Lord of Weicheng City. In addition to this, he has a close relationship with the current powerful and influential Right Minister of the Empire. No matter how impressive the young man in front was, could he be compared to the Right Minister of the Empire?

Liao Xiongyi’s mind was relentlessly conflicted; he did not know what to say.

His wife, on the other hand, was repeatedly expressing her thanks.

Liao Cui hiddenly started at Ye Qingyu, her grip on the silver hairpin loosening slightly.

She did not think too much like her father. Ye Qingyu’s appearance was like a beam of light, illuminating her dark world. As long she does not have to go to the Wu household, it was almost like a rebirth for her.

Right now, all her hopes were pinned on Ye Qingyu.

And at this time, in the surroundings of the thatched house, a number of people appeared, curiously watching the scene from a distance. Such a situation rarely happened at Donkey Tail alley, but they dared not come close. Their gaze fixed on Ye Qingyu and the other people, filled with respect.

A Youyan pass soldier lit an incense stick at the doorway of the Liao family’s house.

This was the deadline that Ye Qingyu set.

The timer was started.

The Liao family’s thatched cottage had collapsed from the fighting between Gao Shou and the strong men, and no people were allowed to enter.

Ye Qingyu asked people to move stools and other things out from the ruins. He supported Liao Xiongyi and his wife over to sit down, and told the soldiers to help the other people whose huts had collapsed by rebuilding their huts.

After all, these families were met with an unexpected misfortune because of Gao Shou’s attack. At the beginning, Ye Qingyu planned to give the poor people money, but later he thought of the scene of them being stopped by a group of men in the alley and gave up on the idea. Giving them money would only bring harm to them.

The Youyan soldiers were of a profound cultivation level, and had extraordinary and endless strength. Therefore, the process of rebuilding the huts would obviously be extremely easy and fast.

By the time five or six little huts were rebuilt, only three quarters of the stick of incense was burned.

On the other hand, Ye Qingyu was calmly chatting with Liao Xiongyi. Their conversation was about the Sentinels. When Ye Qingyu mentioned the day that the sentinels were killed, his face was darkened with shame once again and the Liao family was in tears.

“My son has not defiled the glory of the emperor. He died a worthy death, which is what a soldier should do,” Liao Xiongyi said reluctantly. “At a young age, he was fond of bravery and fighting, when he was four years old he wanted to learn martial arts, so I sent him to the city’s martial arts hall... At the age of 18, he said he must enlist in the army...”

Ye Qingyu listened quietly.

In the blink of an eye, the stick of incense had been burned completely to the bottom.

At this time, at the far end of the alley, there was finally movement.

There was a flurry exclamation, then the sounds of urgent footsteps, chicken flying and dog jumping, and the distant onlookers scattering away. On the tattered roof, there were dozens of figures flashing and waves of yuan qi. Skilled martial masters were heading over to the Liao family like lightning.

Then there was the rattle of horse’s hooves galloping towards them.

A squad of heavily armoured soldiers appeared at the end of the alley, like a powerful black torrent, rumbling over.

As the chickens flew and the dogs jumped, the poor people searched for a place to hide.

The crowd of onlookers, like startled mice and rabbits, instantly disappeared without trace, and withered leaves whirled chaotically in the air. The entire Donkey Tail alley suddenly sank into silence, like an uninhabited land.

Except for the aggressive troops and the skilled masters.

At the very front of the black torrent-like troops were one black and two white horses, and on the two white horses sat two generals in black armour, and on the middle black horse was a white-robed young man, his face as pretty as jade, with a golden hairpin and a white cape. He looked handsome, but his complexion was a little pale and there was an excessive unhealthy sullen atmosphere around him.

The Jianghu skilled masters that came trampling down the roof from all directions surrounded the Liao family, Ye Qingyu and the other people.

Murderous intent was filling the air.

Liao Xiongyi and his family’s complexion turned paler than ever.

This sort of number of people and their threatening manner made the three people’s heart pound wildly in their chest, a tide-like fear covering their hearts.

Clack!Clack!Clack!

The clomping of horse hooves over the gravel ground was producing sharp and clear sounds, like stepping on the heart of a man that made the heart of the people around freeze up, as if their heart had lost the ability to beat.

The troops in heavy armour, holding their spear high up and shield out in front like a two meter high wall, were gradually pushing forward and closing in on them, causing a feeling of suffocation.

Seeing the Liao family’s tense faces, Ye Qingyu smiled and patted Liao Xiongyi’s shoulder gently, signalling him not to be nervous.

“Ah ah... young master... you came...” The housekeeper that was lying on the ground like a dead dog loudly cried. He suddenly looked alive, struggling over to the front of the white-robed man on the black horse. His teeth were knocked out, and he was speaking indistinctly as he intermittently explained the situation.

“I know everything.” The white-robed youngster on the black horse was the so-called [First Young Master of Weicheng City], Wu Xi.

He smiled indifferently, fanning himself with a folding fan and gently patting housekeeper Zheng’s swollen and bruised face. “Servants, come help support housekeeper Zheng over to rest.”

Behind the shields, soldiers rushed out, supporting up the wailing and grumbling housekeeper Zheng.

“Young master... Don’t let go of those bastards... Don’t let any one of them go.” As housekeeper Zheng was supported away, he turned his head back, a resentful and sinister look on his face, as he yelled. It was evident that he hated Ye Qingyu and the others to the extreme.

On the other side.

The remaining three Youyan soldiers’ expression immediately changed.

How dare you insult the Marquis?

Kill!

Without exchanging eye contact, the three people immediately responded.

The three figures, like eagles piercing the sky, rose up, shooting toward housekeeper Zheng.

“How dare you!”

“Stop!”

The general on a white horse immediately thundered and at the same time soared into the air, the sword hanging at his waist was flashing with a cold light, preparing to intercept them.

Ding!Ding!Ding!

Several metallic clangs could be heard as swords continuously struck against each other in mid-air, like a torrential downpour. There were flashing sparks and figures constantly changing position. The two black-armoured generals were not weak at all.

But there were three Youyan soldiers.

Two of the generals respectively stopped the two people, the other one of the Youyan soldiers swooped down, like an eagle diving down fast, and swept across the head of the white-robed Wu Xi, attempting to kill Housekeeper Zheng.

“Stop!”

Amongst the army formation, someone yelled.

Instantaneously, the forest-like spears uniformly thrust up and a cold light flashed, cutting off the Youyan soldier’s path.

“Stop!”

With a cold humph, a sword pierced the void.

Within five meters of distance, all the tips of the steel spears, like wheat under a sickle, were instantaneously and uniformly cut off. The Youyan soldier descended like a ghost in front of housekeeper Zheng, and a bright silver sword light was reflected on housekeeper Zheng’s terrified face.

“Those that insult Marquis Ye deserve to die!”

The voice of the Youyan soldier fell, and the sword light was spinning.

“No... spare me...” Housekeeper Zheng extremely regretted his actions. He wetted his pants in terror and there was a stench coming from his crotch, as he miserably cried for mercy. But before he could finish his words, a head flew up mid-air, and he saw his headless body trembling on the ground, blood spurting out of his chest like a fountain.

Then he lost consciousness.

And the two generals that were supporting him, when they finally reacted, housekeeper Zheng had became a headless corpse.

The Youyan soldier’s figure flashed, returning back over to Ye Qingyu’s side.

Returning with him were the two other Youyan soldiers that had intercepted the generals.

The whole process was completed at lightning speed, and by the time the people around could react, Housekeeper Zheng, who was considered to be in a safe position, was already beheaded by a Youyan soldier.

The two generals returned on the horseback, looking extremely embarrassed.

The person even more embarrassed was was Wu Xi.

He did not respond. The Wu household’s most capable housekeeper, his most trusted dog, was killed like that in front of him?

This was the same as having his face slapped in public.

His face was contorted with rage, looking at the skilled Jianghu master scattered across the roof, he roared, “Are you all dead? Why didn’t you stop them, did I bring you here to watch the show?”

Wu Xi’s mood was very bad.

During afternoon today, he had forcefully stolen a girl to satisfy his lust. In his heart, he was still remembering the girl of the Liao family when an underling came to report that there were experts who had injured Housekeeper Zheng. They had told him to come within two hours, and bring a carriage to carry the Liao family away, or they would take his life…

Haha!

When had Wu Xi suffered such insult in Weicheng City?

Wounding Housekeeper Zheng, was that not the same as slapping Wu Xi across the face?

This sort of incident, how long has it not happened in Weicheng City?

Was there anyone that dares provoke him in Weicheng City?

Wu Xi’s mood grew worse.

When he heard from his subordinates that the other side was a rare skilled master, and he should not be too careless, not only did he bring along with him a group of Jianghu Masters, he also invited two brigades of the patrol of Weicheng City, showing an impressive display of power and influence, and hurried over to Donkey Tail alley.

This time, he needed to let the entire Weicheng City know what would happen to those that provoke his people.

Despite bringing so many people and exhibiting such unyielding strength and formidable superiority, not only had he not fought back for his reputation, the other side was not the slightest afraid and beheaded his own people?

Is there any justice in this world?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 342:


Chapter 343 - To Live Or To Die?

Wu Xi came here with a stomachful of pent up anger, and when Housekeeper Zheng was slaughtered like vegetables being cut up in front of him and so many generals and skilled masters, his rage almost erupted out from his mouth and eyes.

With his order, the Jianghu Masters that were guarding the passage and all sides of the roof immediately had a change in expression.

The reason that the Wu household was spending a lot of money to keep them, was it not just to protect their family, the house and his people?

Now, the problem was that Housekeeper Zheng was killed in front of him and the other people, and he and the others have not had the time to attack back.

This was the same as hitting their face in public.

“Young master Wu, you say, to die, or to live?” A horse-faced Jianghu master spoke out, his face forming a fierce scowl.

The other tens of Jianghu Masters were just as fierce looking, waiting for young master Wu’s order.

They were the people of Jianghu, they had seen blood and had killed; they know what to do at this time. Perhaps the few young men were soldiers, and possessed skilful moves, but even if so, so what? Even if the sky fell down there was young master Wu, a powerful and influential person to support them, what is there to be afraid of?

“What do you mean to live?” Wu Xi was almost going crazy. “Kill them, kill all of them... Yes, that bitch,” he pointed to Liao Cui, saying ruthlessly, “Not unwilling to follow me? I want you guys to play with her to her death in front of her parents.”

There was a vicious tone in his voice.

“Young master’s words, you all heard right?” The horse-faced Jianghu Master said coldly, “Kill, kill these dregs of society, don’t let them die too happy.”

All the others began laughing sinisterly.

Swords and blades were unsheathed, as they slowly approached.

An invisible pressure suddenly closed in on them like they were being crushed.

Liao Xiongyi and his family were suddenly deathly pale like snow, and a huge fear had sent their body trembling violently.

The terrifying Jianghu Masters that the Wu household raised were all extremely famous in the city, they have killed and set fire. All these years, they have committed many crimes, and many innocent people have died in their hands. Adding to this, several Jianghu warriors and righteous heroes were slaughtered by them, and their corpses were hung at the city gate exposed to the sun, suffering abuse and humiliation.

Falling in the hands of these people would simply be a living death.

Liao Xiongyi’s mind went completely blank. He was trembling as he tried to stand up to beg for mercy, when a hand slowly landed on his shoulder.

It was Ye Qingyu.

“Don’t worry, Uncle Liao, that trash, I can deal with.” From Ye Qingyu’s eyes, there was a mysterious force that abruptly calmed Liao Xiongyi.

“Marquis Ye, how do we deal with them?” A Youyan soldier asked.

Ye Qingyu said indifferently, “Since they want us to die, then we also want them dead.”

The three soldiers nodded their heads. “Roger.”

Clang!Clang! Clang!

Swords flashed out of the sheath.

The swords were the standard battle swords of the front line troops of the Youyan Army, forged from refined steel and combined with a trace of mysterious material. The swords were incomparably tough and durable, and can cut through iron like mud. The swords were the famous demon swords. The cold tip of the blades were wandering indefinitely like the autumn waters, exhibiting a bloody killing intent, as though the essence was diffusing out from the body of the three Youyan soldiers.

“Kill!”

A loud bellow.

The three Youyan soldiers began to attack actively.

The blade light was like a giant fabric of silk streaking across the sky.

A battle instantly broke out.

The horse-faced Jianghu Master in front felt a chill directly striking towards him. He was startled, and the huge sword in his hand was subconsciously sealed.

Bang!

Yuan qi erupted with a thunderous sound.

The sword in the horse-faced man’s hand cracked and exploded, debris flying out like a confused butterfly.

His body was propelled across the air, slammed into a thatched cottage, and the thatched cottage collapsed and buried him.

At the same time, blood spurted out.

The three Youyan soldiers, like tigers stepping on a flock of sheep, directly attacked the Jianghu Masters that surrounded them and swept all obstacles in the way.

The three soldiers were the elites selected from the frontline camp, and each one of them was at least a 20 Spirit spring master, and had fought countless times on the battlefield. Whether the three people cooperated or fought individually, it was to the extent that reached the peak of perfection, and far beyond the same level martial artists. One glance of their murderous spirit that was developed from fighting armies of thousands of men and horses was enough to make the opponent feel instantly terrified, and their will to fight would melt like ice and break like tiles.

While the Jianghu Masters that were raised by Wu Xi perhaps had once wholeheartedly and courageously walked Jianghu and had killed and seen blood, but they were now like house pets that have been raised for too long. Their fighting spirit had faded long ago and their strength also unknowingly degenerated from being immersed in pleasures.

To ordinary experts, they may be a terrible presence.

But to the three Youyan soldiers, they were just like a group of lamb.

Blades glistened.

Fresh blood spurted out.

“Ah...”

“No...”

Tragic screams echoed across the air.

The three Youyan soldiers’ figures, like the gods of death, were constantly flickering and cutting off lives as though they were harvesting grain. Wherever they passed, there was not a single enemy left. The so-called Jianghu Masters, along with their weapons, were split in two.

Liao Xiongyi stared wide-eyed, and even his breathing seemed to have stopped.

His wife and daughter behind him were squeezing their eyes shut, afraid of seeing such a terrifying scene of killing.

Ye Qingyu’s face was devoid of expression.

These were the Jianghu Masters that have been raised by Wu Xi, each and every one of their hands were stained with the blood of innocent people. They had been helping a villain for too long, and absolutely do not have the glory of a martial artist. For scum like that, their death was not to be regretted.

In the time of ten breaths.

The sword light settled.

Drip drop drip drop.

Drops of blood from the blood groove of the Youyan’s demon blade trickled down to the ground.

The three Youyan soldiers moved in unison as they used the lapel of their robe to wipe away the blood on their blade, insert into the sheath, and returned and stood behind Ye Qingyu without a word.

But the scene in front was more shocking than saying thousands of words.

Wu Xi’s teeth were clattering, unable to believe what he was seeing.

The expressions of the two high-ranking generals of the city patrol camp by his side abruptly turned bewildered and uncertain. The insider knows the ropes, while the outsider just comes along for the ride. As soldiers, while they were standing in astonishment, they could vaguely tell that the three Youyan soldiers clearly displayed the martial arts of the military. The way they advanced and retreated in unison was evidently a quality only possessed by elites that have underwent intensive training.

And who is the handsome young man in white that the three men listen to?

Marquis?

Heavens, is that boy a military Marquis?

The two generals of the city patrol immediately felt that something was wrong.

If this matter really involved a military Marquis, then this was not something that two little generals of the city patrol could take the responsibility upon themselves.

When the shouting and screaming were finally settled, Liao Xiongyi, who was trembling all this time, was suddenly quiet and calm. Behind him, Liao Cui mustered the courage to open her eyes, and the scene made her extremely frightened, and also incomparably excited. Looking at Ye Qingyu’s broad shoulders and figure from behind, the beautiful woman suddenly felt that there was nothing to fear.

“Second elder brother, can you see from the heavens? Your friend came to help us, brother...”

Liao Cui could not help but burst into tears.

The scene was somewhat silent.

For a long time, no one dared to speak.

Only the three horses were snorting.

Suddenly————

Whoosh!

A beam of cold light exploded from the side of the thatched hut and shot up, separating the grass and rocks, and launching right towards Ye Qingyu who was sitting quietly.

The horse-faced master who was propelled across the air before was glaring with a ferocious look on his face, clasping a flashing dagger tight, like a flying fish, shooting across at an extremely fast speed and launching a sneak attack.

This unexpected change, no one would ever have thought of.

The three Youyan soldiers attempted to block the attack, but it was too late.

“Ah ah ah, die.” The horse-faced master grinned.

Since they could not win against the three Youyan soldiers, then why not kill the young leader. That way they would certainly win young master Wu’s recognition. In his eyes, this white-robed young man who was as beautiful as jade, looked so young and without the slightest fluctuation of yuan qi within him, must certainly not know martial arts.

But———

Before the dagger in his hand had penetrated within 5 meters of the youngster in white, an invisible force gushed forth, and the naked eye could visibly see the tip of the sharp dagger instantly turning into a fine powder, while his body was sent flying, slamming against a thatched hut.

“Uh... ugh... You?” The horse-faced master was struggling to stand up, spurting out blood that was mixed with fragments of internal organs.

With a face of disbelief he screamed, “You... You... What the hell is this? Master... The real master... I admit defeat... You... Just who are you?”

Yes, who the hell was he?

At this time, every single person present wanted to ask this question.

Not only Wu Xi, the officers of the city patrol and the hundreds of soldiers, and even Liao Xiongyi and his family also wanted to ask this question.

If they werent an idiot, then they could clearly tell that the situation was gradually beginning to reverse.

Wu Xi’s side was not occupying a dominant position at all.

But Ye Qingyu had no intention of answering.

He was just sitting there quietly, like an immemorial sacred mountain, not shaken, not watching intently, and was only looking up.

“You... who the hell are you? Tell me your name, I am the Wu family’s Wu Xi, my uncle is the Weicheng City Lord, my father is an official registrar, my brother Wu Yan is the [Crafty Eagle] of the [Cold Blooded Thirteen Eagles] under the command of the Right Minister.” Wu Xi bit his teeth. “I am not someone who will be afraid just like this. Since we have bumped into each other, why don’t you come here and we can become close with each other.”

Wu Xi’s attitude, compared to when he first arrived, was a lot gentler.

But Ye Qingyu didn’t even glance at his direction.

“What are you, do you think you can talk to our Marquis?” The soldier called Gao Qiu of the three Youyan soldiers sneered and replied disdainfully, “Our Marquis had told you long ago to come over here, and drive the Liao family to Spring Street. Where is your vehicle?”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 343:


Chapter 344 - Pay respect to Marquis Ye

This tone was clearly reprimanding Wu Xi.

But it was also like a master scolding a servant.

Wu Xi’s face instantly cooled down.

He was about to clench his teeth and say a few fierce words when, in the distance, there was a few streaks of light flashing, arriving above the thatched house. The light landed, turning into a few figures, strong yuan qi emitting from their bodies. The leader of these people was wearing a silver armour, like dragon scales, imposing and magnificent, and behind him stood four guards. His strength also seemed much stronger than the previous two low-ranking generals.

“Lord!”

“Pay respects to Lord.”

Two low ranking generals hurriedly jumped down from their white horse and respectfully bowed.

The silver scale armoured high ranking general waved his hand, without saying anything, then cupped his hands at Wu Xi who had an ashen complexion. “Young Master Wu, I heard you have trouble?”

Wu Xi’s face was instantly clearer and brighter than before.

“So General Guan had arrived, good. I ran into a few thugs today, they dare to kill in Weicheng City, and have killed my 21 personal guards. General Guan, this group of thugs is very arrogant, brutal and ruthless. They are absolutely not something good. General Guan, please help me settle these thugs.”

Wu Xi clenched his teeth and snarled.

Guan Shandu nodded, and did not speak.

Just now, he had received the news that the two lower ranking generals had secretly sent out, informing him that in Donkey Tail alley, military experts have appeared and things were likely to involve a military Marquis. As a commander of the Weicheng City Patrol Camp, although Guan Shandu was surprised, he did not neglect the matter in the slightest and hurriedly came at the first instant.

As a commander of the city patrol, Guan Shandu was definitely ranked in the top five greatest figures in Weicheng City, but he was not of noble background. Especially compared to a military Marquis who was granted the rank of nobility by the empire, he was very far away in status.

How could he not be alarmed when the city patrol troops were involved in such an incident?

Guan Shandu’s gaze swept across the few people opposite, feeling apprehensive.

Liao Xiongyi’s family. Guan Shandu vaguely recognized them. This period of time, the news that Wu Xi caused the Four Seas Merchant Company to go bankrupt and ruined their family had reached his ears. But such a small matter, he did not take it to heart. In this world, the weak are prey to the strong, this sort of incident has happened too many times in the past few decades. Although Guan Shandu despised Wu Xi’s conduct, but he did not want to, because of such a matter, offend such a vengeful influential official.

But the three young warriors by Liao Xiongyi’s side, Guan Shandu could see the problem at one glance.

Only a true soldier was able to see the kind of iron will and indomitable spirit exuding from a soldier’s body.

As someone who had been fighting the Demon Race on the battlefield, Guan Shandu could obviously tell the extraordinariness of the three Youyan soldiers.

And when his gaze once again fell on the body of Ye Qingyu, there was a hint of doubt within his eyes. He slightly knit his brows in a frown, but the next moment, he immediately thought of a name and he jerked slightly. His eyes wrinkled up, and then putting him together with the rune formation portrait that he had seen on the imperial military bulletin, he immediately understood something.

Heavens!

This God of Death had come to Weicheng City.

Wu Xi’s gang of people, this time, had really kicked a steel plate.

The more Guan Shandu thought about it, the more he felt terribly scared and uneasy.

When he glanced at the three soldiers, Guan Shandu was almost certain that the three soldiers must be from Youyan Pass.

Only in Youyan Pass, a bitter cold frontier fortress, was it possible to cultivate such a valiant warrior, iron-willed, and calm as a boulder. And if these three soldiers came from the Youyan Pass, then the identity of the white-robed youngster quietly sitting there was obvious.

Guan Shandu cast a glance behind at the two low ranking generals, a burning anger in his heart, and an impulse to tear these two guys to pieces.

Usually when you follow Wu Xi and stir up trouble, I can turn a blind eye, but today you caused such a disaster and put the whole patrol camp in great danger. This is really a big crime. I absolutely cannot forgive these two idiots.

He made up his mind that if he could get through the present crisis, he must go back and reorganize the patrol camp.

Guan Shandu took a deep breath, controlling his myriad of thoughts, and took a few steps forward. Under the astonished gazes of everyone, he bowed and cupped one hand in the other respectfully, saying in a clear and loud voice, “Weicheng city’s Patrol Camp Commander Guan Shandu pay respect to Marquis Ye.”

Behind.

The two lower ranking generals and the hundreds of soldiers of the city patrol immediately felt a strong chill passing over their body and their legs began shaking uncontrollably.

Wu Xi was stumped for a moment.

He thought that the arrival of Guan Shandu would surely settle these thugs, but...

And opposite, Liao Xiongyi and his family, after the huge shock, finally gradually came to understand something.

They were now finally certain that second son Liao Tian’s friend was not as they had imagined before, a common ordinary little soldier, but a very influential and important high official, that even the Weicheng City Patrol Commander had to bow and pay respects to him.

Such a discovery made the little trace of light in the Liao family’s heart suddenly become incomparably bright.

The sun in the sky suddenly became roasting hot.

Sitting on the chair, indifferent and calm, Ye Qingyu’s eyes also fell on Guan Shandu’s silver scale armour, lightly responding, “You know of me?”

The attitude of Guan Shandu was incredibly respectful. “Marquis Ye’s impressive military achievements in Youyan Pass has spread all over the world, the military imperial bulletin was constantly issued like snowflakes. I had been fortunate once to see Marquis Ye heroic bearing on the imperial bulletin.”

“Oh.” Ye Qingyu nodded.

“Since you know my identity, then take your people back, this matter is not something you can deal with.” Ye Qingyu’s tone of voice carried an irresistible firmness and majesty.

Hearing this, Guan Shandu immediately knew that the little Marquis who was famous all over the world, was really furious this time and would not easily let Wu Xi and the other people off.

Guan Shangdu slightly hesitated for a moment, then cupped one fist in the other hand and said loudly, “Marquis Ye’s orders, I dare not disobey.”

Once he finished speaking, he turned around and issued a military order.

The several hundreds of soldiers that were surrounding this place immediately turned around, the front became the back, retreating out of the alley like the tide. In the twinkling of an eye they disappeared completely.

“This Guan Shandu, the soldiers he trained are decent, but he is not strict enough. If he does not change this point, sooner or later he will encounter many problems.”

Ye Qingyu nodded lightly.

The huge alley that was packed with huge crowds of people before immediately became empty.

There was only Wu Xi left behind.

And also the 22 dead bodies on the ground.

“Are you coming over to drive?” A Youyan soldier bellowed.

Wu Xi quivered slightly. Clenching his teeth, he said in a malicious tone, “Do not go that far... ask Liao Xiongyi, if young master I drive, would the old man dare to sit on it?”

“This...” Liao Xiongyi also looked distressed.

Although he hated Wu Xi and wanted him dead, but he dared not offend this playboy. After all, a strong dragon cannot repress a snake. Although this Marquis Ye had helped him take out his anger today, but there would inevitably be a time that he has to leave, and once Marquis Ye leaves, Wu Xi could torment him all he liked. The ending would be much more miserable.

Ye Qingyu smiled, “Uncle don’t worry, I will take care of everything.”

His voice fell.

Youyan soldier Gao Qui’s figure flashed, kicking Wu Xi off from the horse and pulling his precious big black horse over. He found a firewood cart, slightly tidied it up, built a few seats, and covered the sides with a rough piece of cloth. Then he helped the Liao family onto the carriage.

They did not allow Wu Xi to speak, like a chick was carried onto the driver seat, and threw him a whip.

“Drive the carriage, dare say another word, I will take your life,” Gao Qui threateningly warned.

Wu Xi originally wanted to say a few words, but as soon as he saw Gao Qui’s pair of ice-cold eyes that were like an ice machine, he immediately felt terrified. After what he had been through just now, Wu Xi knew that the power on the other side was not little at all. He was ruthless and was never reluctant to kill, but if he really did say another word, he was afraid that he would follow housekeeper Zheng’s footsteps.

His heart was turned upside down, but he dared not say a word.

“Drive!”

Sitting on the driver seat of the carriage, Wu Xi snapped the driver’s whip at his precious black horse and the carriage started forward.

The carriage slowly started.

The three Youyan soldiers closely followed behind the carriage.

In the time it takes to burn a stick of incense, the carriage finally came out of Donkey Tail alley.

In the shadows and corners of both sides of the street, in the windows and doors, there were countless eyes furtively watching the scene. They did not think that Wu Xi, who came here with skilled masters and soldiers, would ultimately be captured like a slave and was driving a carriage. Countless eyes were flickering with shock and excitement.

There was no one that did not hate this young master.

Something huge was going to happening in Weicheng City.

The carriage rumbled slowly down the street.

Wu Xi clenched his teeth, kept his head low, driving towards the direction of Spring Street.

“Damn it, damn it, how dare you insult me so much. I must take revenge, I will not let this matter go, what bullshit Marquis Ye. Wait till my uncle comes here. Is the military that strong? As soon as I send a piece of paper to tell my brother, you won’t be in the military anymore!”

He cursed in his mind.

On the street, people were weaving in and out.

At first, nobody noticed anything.

But gradually, someone noticed something wrong.

What’s going on?

The man driving is wearing silk?

And seems a little familiar?

Why does he look like [First Young Master of Weicheng City], Wu Xi?

No way?

Wu Xi is driving other people?

On such a simple looking carriage?

Look carefully, heavens, it really is Wu Xi, really is Wu Xi.

What’s going on?

Who is sitting in the carriage?

When one person recognized him, others began discussing in whispered tones, and suddenly everyone was paying close attention. Countless eyes, countless gossip, and countless fingers were on the simple wooden carriage.

Countless people have gathered.

The atmosphere of the whole street instantly changed.

At first, there were only a dozen of people, then hundreds of people, and then thousands of people were crowding around the carriage, following the carriage, pointing and discussing. There were people that were astonished, people in disbelief, and people that were rejoicing in his misfortune...

Wu Xi’s heart was on the verge of exploding.

He had never been so humiliated.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 344:


Chapter 345, Affairs in Weicheng City are Settled

When the carriage arrived at Spring Street, the number of people behind them had reached the thousands.

Wu Xi and a group of rich young masters that have been acting like tyrants doing whatever they wish in Weicheng City, had already diminished their popularity, and at this moment, many people wanted to personally see their wretched state. Looking at his miserable face driving the carriage, many people felt incomparably good.

Of course, many people guessed at just what sort of steel plate that the [Number One Young Master of Weicheng City] had kicked. To think he would be in such a pickle.

Wu Xi, who had been surrounded by onlookers all this time, had finally reached his tolerance limit.

“Who’s fucking following me, I’m going to kill them later.”

Wu Xi, like a raging wild dog, roared and lashed the whip in his hand.

The people around the carriage were immediately frightened by him.

The crowd that was following him was finally a little smaller than before.

Around the corner of Spring Street, dozens of guards clad in purple were blocking the street.

The three Youyan soldiers escorted the carriage onto the street.

There was not many people on the street, and most of the shops on either side were closed.

This time of the day was the time with the most pedestrians, and the best business time for the shops. The appearance of this scene was obviously not normal.

Seeing tens of purple-clad guards, Wu Xi was finally able to breathe a sigh of relief and began to get excited.

They were the people of his Wu household.

His father must have sent them.

To have the power to seal the entire Spring Street and to impose such security measures, only his uncle the City Lord was able to, which means that his uncle had also arrived. At this moment Wu Xi was no longer afraid, his heart became alive again.

After an instant.

The carriage came to a stop right at the door of a shop in the middle of Spring Street.

It was a three-storey shop, the size was not small or big, and hanging at the door should have been the sign ‘The Four Seas Store’, but it had been changed to ‘Forever Prosperity Hall’. It was the property of the Wu household.

At the doorway of the shop stood dozens of heavily armoured guards with blades strapped at their waist.

Two forty- or fifty-year-old burly and serious-looking middle-aged men were also standing there quietly.

“Father, Uncle!”

Wu Xi excitedly shouted.

As expected, both his dad and uncle have taken action.

He was just about to toss away the long whip in his hand and jump down from the carriage, when suddenly an icy chill enveloped him, The sword-like glare from the three Youyan soldiers next to him made Wu Xi immediately shrink back in fear and dared not move the slightest.

The carriage stopped.

But no one got off.

The three Youyan soldiers’ face was void of expression, standing quietly and waiting.

On the platform steps.

The middle-aged man on the right in a purple qipao gown stepped forward, slightly cupped his hands and said, “I heard that Marquis Ye has come to our Weicheng City, please forgive us for giving you such a poor reception, Marquis Ye please grace us with your presence.”

This man was Wu Xi’s father Wu Boxiong, the official registrar of Weicheng City.

There was no response from the carriage.

But Gao Qui gave a clenched-fist salute, responding, “Marquis has another important matter to attend to, maybe later.”

Ye Qingyu had not followed.

Once they got out of Donkey Tail alley, and seeing that Gao Shou had not returned from the Weicheng City prison, Ye Qingyu guessed that he might have ran into an accident, so he personally went over to see what exactly happened.

“So Marquis has not yet arrived. Little brother, can you let my child off first?” Wu Boxiong had a smile on his face and spoke politely, with no signs of resentment or irritation.

Gao Qui shook his head, “Marquis had given the order that your young master can only leave when he arrives. We cannot comply with your request.”

Wu Boxiong seemed stumped for words, then turned his head to look at the middle-aged man with a long black beard and a bronze-like complexion, the City Lord of Weicheng City, Wu Guanxiong, who slightly shook his head, motioning for him not to act rashly. Wu Boxiong held back his anger, nodding, “I see, then we will wait for Marquis Ye to come.”

The look on Wu Xi’s face took a twisted and bitter expression.

He did not think that his dad and uncle could not solve this matter.

And it seems that his father and uncle were very afraid of that Marquis Ye.

It was only then that Wu Xi was vaguely aware of the seriousness of the matter.

And at this moment, the Liao family on the carriage, through the gap, was able to see what kind of people were outside. Since the matter had come to this stage, they could only quietly wait on the carriage.

The crowd waited for another 10 minutes.

A sudden brilliance flashed before the carriage.

Wu Boxiong and his brother were blurred for a moment, when a white jade figure emerged at the side of the carriage.

It was Ye Qingyu.

Besides Ye Qingyu, Gao Shou had also returned, supporting a middle-aged man that was breathing weakly and covered with bloodstains all over his body.

“Second elder brother!”

There was an exclamation of joy and excitement coming from the carriage. Liao Cui could wait no longer, jumped down, hugged the middle-aged man and burst into tears.

“Little Sister?” The middle-aged man opened his eyes with difficulty. He was the Liao Ri who was taken to prison and tortured for dozens of days. Fortunately, Wu Xi wanted to use Liao Ri’s life to threaten Liao Cui, so he had not killed him yet. Liao Ri was barely alive and riddled with scars.

“Son.”

Liao Xiongyi and his wife also jumped off the carriage, and the family of four buried their heads into each others shoulders, sobbing bitterly yet joyfully.

On the other side.

Wu Boxiong and Wu Guanxiong were standing in awe of Ye Qingyu’s sudden appearance and the incredible strength that he showed. They had heard the rumours about Ye Qingyu countless times before, and were fearful of him. As skilled martial masters, with one glance of Ye Qingyu’s appearance, they knew that this person’s real strength was far above what the rumours had suggested.

“Marquis Ye, I have heard all about you.”

The City Lord of Weicheng City, Wu Guanxiong, walked down the steps, with a polite smile on his face and a cupped fist salute.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

Spring Street had been blocked and the two powerful figures appeared here. The Commander of the City Patrol Guan Shandu must have notified these two people.

“This child is ignorant and offended Marquis Ye, I ask for the Marquis’ forgiveness, since it’s his first offense please forgive him?” Wu Boxiong also came forward and pleaded, his attitude incredibly polite.

Ye Qingyu gave a wave of his hand.

Gao Qui let Wu Xi down and pushed him over to them.

Wu Xi took a deep gasp, like he had escape from the hands of the god of death, scurried behind his father and covered his stomach with his hands, finally feeling a slight sense of security. He dared not have any thoughts of resentment and retaliation, keeping his head low and avoiding breathing too loudly.

By this time, he had finally understood who the young man called Marquis Ye was.

[The Leaf of Youyan], Ye Qingyu. The legendary maniac killer, a martial master that does whatever he likes, had his own way, and was said to have entered the ranks of the top level experts. Such an existence was definitely not someone a little aristocratic young master like him could offend.

“Thank you, Marquis Ye.” Wu Guanxiong also heaved a sigh of relief.

He was afraid that Ye Qingyu would refuse to forgive him on this matter.

“Don’t thank me,” Ye Qingyu said bluntly. “I spared his life not because I have a soft heart, nor am I afraid of your Wu family’s power, nor because you have what Right Minister behind your back, but for Uncle Liao and his family, so that they can peacefully and safely live in Weicheng City. My meaning, you understand right?”

Weicheng City’s two powerful leaders looked somewhat distressed.

This Ye Qingyu was really the same as they say. He did not give face to anyone.

Wu Boxiong forced a smile. “Marquis Ye’s meaning, we understand. Rest assured that the Liao family will be absolutely safe in Weicheng City, there will be no one that dares to harass them or bully them.”

Ye Qingyu face was slightly brighter than before. “Uncle Liao’s second son Liao Tian died to save me. I owe the Liao family and the Four Seas Merchant Company a lot. I will not sit and do nothing. In the future, no matter who, if any one of the Liao family encounters an accident, regardless of the reason, no matter what happened, I will personally come back and behead Wu Xi. You understand what I mean?”

What?

The complexion of Wu Boxiong and his brother suddenly changed.

“This... if it’s an accident, a member of the Liao family dies, this...” Wu Boxiong showed signs of reluctance, trying to explain something.

Ye Qingyu coldly interrupted, “Then you better pray that this kind of accident does not happen, I will not investigate so many things, as long as the Liao family runs into an accident, then Wu Xi must die.”

His words were unhesitating and his tone did not allow any negotiation.

On Wu Boxiong’s face, a displeased expression emerged.

Ye Qingyu then said, “What? Feel unfair?”

Wu Boxiong had a cold face, not uttering a word.

In Weicheng City, he was considered an influential and powerful person, under one person and above millions. With the stamp of his foot the whole Weicheng City would shake three times, when had he ever been threatened?

“Your son has committed all kinds of crimes and acts like a tyrant in Weicheng City. A simple investigation of his crimes and he should be beheaded 10 times. Even if you are the official registrar, you also cannot get out of it. You want to discuss with me what is fair? A thing that is lower than a dog or a pig, killing him would dirty my hands. To tell you the truth, I am not discussing with you now, but I am telling you plainly that if you feel that you can protect him, then let him continue to do evil and see how the Heavens will punish your Wu family.”

Ye Qingyu said each word loud and clear.

The imposing manner of a top level expert filled the air.

The Wu brothers, Wu Xi and the other people felt parched and a short of breath, as though they were underneath an invisible ageless mountain and could be crushed at any time.

“Marq... Marquis Ye mercy, I... I understand,” Wu Boshong cried.

Ye Qingyu loosened his pressuring aura. The surrounding people instantly felt they could breathe again.

“Give the Liao family back their business, pay three times the compensation, then I can leave this matter be for the time being,” Ye Qingyu said impatiently. “Liao family’s second son Liao Tian is a hero of Youyan Pass, he has the special care of the Empire, his family are also put under protection. I have asked Uncle Liao, the Liao family has not received the empire’s death benefit, this must be something you did too? They were persecuted by you to this degree, if the Youyan Pass finds out about this matter, your Wu family can wait to be buried.”

With these words, the Wu brothers’ foreheads were immediately dripping with cold sweats.

At this time, would they still dare argue with him about other things.

The things that they have done, if no one checks, then it is trivial, but if the people of the Empire really investigated, it is a big hole, especially if it involves the military .Even a hereditary noble could not protect them.

Seeing that these two people were scared stiff, Ye Qingyu no longer said anything else.

He turned around, said a few words to the Liao family, and watched the sign of ‘Forever Prosperity Hall’ being changed and the ‘Four Seas’ merchant sign being hung up. All things have now been settled and the corpse of the second sentinel has been delivered to the Liao family; his trip to Weicheng City had come to an end.

After one hour.

[Bright Sword Ship] rose into the sky, sinking into the clouds and leaving Weicheng City, heading in the direction of Snow Capital at lightning speed.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

