Chapter 1321:


Chapter 1334, Ye Qingyu appears

“Hahaha, this day has finally come.”

“The delicious taste, the rich blood, Sky Emperor, you have proved your sincerity.”

“Where is the reincarnation of the Divine Light Emperor?”

The Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster, the Dark Purple Sovereign, and other fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time emitted crazy deafening laughter, resembling the cheer of a group of demons from hell. Power of terror spread out from their bodies, wildly devouring and absorbing the Emperor corpses and blood on the ground. The Emperor techniques, law, essence and power within the corpses were also swallowed up, absorbed, and transformed into their power.

“Not good...” Gao Diping's countenance changed.

The terror of the fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time had emerged before in the battle of the collapse of the Divine Light Court. They were an almost invincible existence, suppressed only by the supreme power of the Divine Light Emperor. Moreover, by devouring the essence, flesh and blood of Emperor experts, they will grow even stronger than before. It was unexpected of the Sky Emperor to release the great fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time since it was him who suppressed them back then in order to obtain the world's destiny qi.

It seems that the Sky Emperor has reached an understanding with these fiendgods and had joined forces with them. Only then would he release them.

“Don't let them recover.”

Wen Wan roared, his blood axe erupted in a blaze of divine light, shooting directly towards the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster.

“Attack together.” Gao Diping and the others also charged in the direction of the Dark Purple Sovereign, the Destroyer of the Living, the White-boned Dictator and other fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time.

The fiendgod sovereigns had been suppressed by the Sky Emperor for a long period of time, as a result their power had been worn down massively. They were considered in a weak state, but if they were to succeed in devouring the power, flesh and essence of the many Emperors on the palace square, thereby completely restore the power of the past, then there could be trouble.

“Haha, hahahaha...”

Sky Emperor wildly laughed.

He didn't obstruct them.

“Back then, even I was unable to kill them. They could only be suppressed. Do you think you can stop them on your own... you, are not on the same level.”

The fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time were already beyond the cultivation level of Martial Emperor. Back then when they descended onto the world through the gate of blood, unable to be contained by this world, their strength drastically fell as a result and were firstly easily defeated by the Divine Light Emperor, before being suppressed by the Sky Emperor’s netherworld technique. This was only due to a lack of battle strength. If it were based on level and realm alone then they had already reached a point where no one in this world could kill them.

Therefore, even if under the attack of the Six Divine Generals, Shui Xiu and Song Xiaojun, the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others were only wounded, and absolutely couldn’t be killed. Even if they were injured, the presence of the fifty or sixty corpses and Emperor blood were enough for them to heal themselves.

In the end, the speed of recovery of the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others had obviously exceeded the extent of damage caused by the Six Divine Generals and the other Emperor expert's attack.

The situation was reversed once again.

The aura of the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster, the Dark Purple Sovereiggn and the other fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time continued to grow stronger and stronger.

Gradually, the attacks of the Six Divine Generals and the others were not particularly effective.

“It's all over.”

The Sky Emperor stood in the void, looking at the scene below, a calm and fierce look on his face as if everything was within his control.

“So many years have passed, I am still the winner. The Divine Light Emperor, no matter how many times you reincarnate, you will be defeated in my hands. This is your fate. The grudges of the past will finally come to an end today. The world's destiny will belong to me in the end.”

He smiled, eyes shifted to the Imperial Palace.

But, at this moment, the smile suddenly froze on his lips.

Because he saw that, unknowingly, a figure had appeared at the parapet wall under the enemy's building.

His robe was white as jade, black hair flowing like a waterfall.

Who else would it be but the Great Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu?

Like a bottomless abyss, the mysterious vast aura that exuded from Ye Qingyu seemed extremely far, unclear and obscure. It was as though it contained all things, and as though above thousands of creatures. It was an incredibly strange aura that the Sky Emperor couldn't help but tremble slightly at the sight. This feeling had only once ever appeared in the body of the Divine Light Emperor.

“You...” Sky Emperor's pupils shrank.

Ye Qingyu took a step out, walking straight out of the upper floor of the multistoried imperial building.

Every step he took, there were golden formation character flashing in the void, like golden lotus flowers blossoming, supporting him up.

His every footstep made a lotus flower grow.

At the same time, the originally faintly discernible golden formation between heaven and the earth erupted in a blaze of golden light, like numerous golden chains, formed the outline of an endless net. Every character released an indescribable great force, like stars in the universe

The smile on the face of the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster as well as the four different space-time fiendgod sovereigns, who were originally absorbing the blood and essence of the emperor corpses, instantly froze, then twisted into an expression of disbelief, looking up to the sky.

They felt that the power within their own body could no longer grow, despite the devouring and absorption of the power of the Emperor's corpses. Not only this, they also felt an inexplicable sign of crumbling.

“You... who are you?”

“What power is this? How could... you suppress us?”

The Dark Purple Sovereign and the Destroyer of the Living gasped at the same time.

“Aren't you looking for me?” Ye Qingyu spoke in a strange rhythm, stirring up heaven and earth. It was as if the universe was rumbling.

“You... you're the reincarnation of the Divine Light Emperor?” The White-boned Dictator spirit roared, looking at Ye Qingyu with an undisguised expression of fear.  “

Although countless years have passed, the shadow that the Divine Light Emperor left in their mind in that battle back then still had not faded. The Divine Light Emperor really was too powerful. If it were not for the devil within, the existence of the gaps in martial arts, he would not have failed. Otherwise, given his level of cultivation, combined with the power of heaven and earth, even if the Abandoned fiendgod, the Ancient Underworld Emperor, the King of Destruction and the others join hands, they would never be a match for the Divine Light Emperor.

At the beginning of that war, the White-bone Dictator and other King of Sovereigns also felt an instinctive fear.

“Yes, and no.” Ye Qingyu fixed a look at them without saying too much. “The seal of endless years had not cleansed your heart. You dare to set off a disaster again? You dare to revert to your old ways? Today, I will put a complete end to you.”

Before his voice faded, the golden ancient character chain that criss crossed across the sky, like a bundle of Immortals ropes, rippled outward, suppressing and wrapping around the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others.

“Well, even if you are the reincarnation of the Divine Light Emperor, what can you do to me?” The Dark Purple Sovereign snorted, the violet-coloured divine brilliance that enveloped his body surged out. “I am originally Immortal, it is impossible for you to kill me.”

“That's correct.”

“You are strong in combat, but you can't kill us at that level.”

After the initial shock, the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the Destroyer of the Living began to calm down, each activated their power to resist the binding of the golden rope, patiently looking for an opportunity to counterattack.

“Retreat.” Ye Qingyu gave a wave of his hand.

Song Xiaojun, Shui Xiu, the Six Divine Generals and other Emperor experts of the Immortal Empire's camp immediately retreated back to the palace walls upon hearing this.

Sun Yi, who had been spectating the battle all along, felt all this was like a dream.

It turned out that His Majesty, the Great Immortal God Emperor, had already prepared beforehand. It was most likely that everything that happened during the course of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] being attack was also calculated beforehand... This all made sense. Given the mind and cultivation base of the Immortal God Emperor, how could he be unaware that a Martial Emperor of the past had infiltrated into the audience?

The pillar of the Immortal Empire had not collapsed.

He was still an invincible existence.

Whether it was an open spear thrust or an arrow in the dark, whether it was an attack by a hidden enemy or an overt plot, he could always calmly resolve it. He was still invincible as always, and will still be the one who has the last laugh.

How lucky is it to be with such a person?

Sun Yi's heart suddenly was filled with unprecedented calmness and self-confidence.

It was as though he could already see the final ray of light falling onto the world.

……

“You... you're not wounded? You were prepared beforehand?”

The Sky Emperor's eyes blazed with flames, intently staring at Ye Qingyu.

The state that Ye Qingyu showed already explained everything, which was unacceptable to the Sky Emperor.

Why did this happen? He had calculated and planned out everything already. Everything was perfect. It was definitely a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity when Li Xiaofei attacked the Emperor path and Ye Qingyu chose to personally act as his protector. Thus, the Sky Emperor who had been hidden all along finally chose to act.

Moreover, he considered his arrangement to be perfect.

The feedback and results at that time were also perfect. The calamity of the world was real, the destruction of the atmosphere was real, and the blood of the Immortal God Emperor that flowed across the square was also real... All this point to the direction he wants. Of course, even so, he was still sceptical, and thus carried out a lot of planning, many tests, and many verifications....

And everything indicated that Ye Qingyu was absolutely seriously injured.

It was only after this was confirmed that the Sky Emperor decided to attack the Guardian Royal City.

Moreover, even if it seems that everything was foolproof, the Sky Emperor still had a hidden card prepared, which was the temporary alliance he had secretly reached with the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others. After that, these fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time were released from the formation that he had set up back then.

This should have been a foolproof plan. There was absolutely no reason for it to fail. But now, an uninjured Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu had appeared out of nowhere and destroyed everything with one move. Everything that the Sky Emperor had painstakingly planned had turned into a joke.

The Sky Emperor was not anybody. He could tell that the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others, although fierce, were already arrows at the end of their flight. It was over for them. The final scene is either being sealed for eternity, or deteriorate bit by bit.

“I'm unwilling...” The Sky Emperor let out a long, long sigh.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1322:


Chapter 1335, Sky Emperor perishes

“The intelligent man never steps into the same river twice.” Ye Qingyu activated the golden-coloured formation, trapping the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster, the Dark Purple Sovereign and the others, before he turned to say to the Sky Emperor, “I know what kind of person you are, how would I give you another chance. And you, obviously do not know me very well. That's why you took the bait.”

At this point, everything was already settled.

The Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the other four great fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time frantically roared and struggled, but to no avail. The golden formation ancient character chain was formed from the one hundred eight ancient characters technique, which was specifically created to target the fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time and thus had absolute restraining force on them. No matter how they struggle, all were eventually tied to where they were.

Ye Qingyu then operated the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to imprison the four great fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time.

The Sky Emperor's plan was completely ruined.

Fifty to sixty Martial Emperors of the past had all been wiped out, while the four great fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time were captured and imprisoned by Ye Qingyu. Of the forces that invaded the Guardian Royal City, only the Sky Emperor remained.

He had been driven to a dead end.

These words were the most appropriate to describe the Sky Emperor’s current situation.

“Today, all the grudges should come to an end.” Ye Qingyu came to a stop approximately one hundred meters away, eyes locked on the blue figure.

Under the seal of the golden ancient characters, it was impossible for the Sky Emperor to escape.

Ye Qingyu had long set up a formation in this area in preparation for the arrival of the Sky Emperor. From the beginning, from when [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] attacked the path of the Emperor realm, everything was only bait. The Immortal Empire seemed incomparably fierce, but in fact was just accumulating strength in the dark. No matter how many changes there was to the Sky Emperor's plan, their ultimate goal was to kill Ye Qingyu, which means they will certainly attack the guardian imperial city. Ye Qingyu carried out an overt plot that fooled the Sky Emperor to bring about his own disaster.

“I can't imagine that, in order to lure me out, you could sacrifice anyone. You even sacrificed Li Xiaofei who you owe a great deal of debt to.” The Sky Emperor sneered. “Endless years have passed, the you who had undergone hundreds of times of reincarnation, has finally figured it out? Hahaha, I didn’t think that you and I would become the same kind of people. Therefore, this time, I really have lost.”

Ye Qingyu responded in a calm tone, “At this time, you still want to plant thorns in the hearts of others? Unfortunately, I have let you down, I haven’t changed, and I don’t feel that there is anything that I need to change about my original life.”

His voice faded.

A powerful Emperor aura slowly emerged from the direction of the Imperial Palace.

A dark-haired, slender and tall figure appeared above the Imperial Palace, enveloped in majestic deep star-like Emperor aura. The power was not only clear and vast, but was of a very high level of martial arts.

This man, who else could it be besides Li Xiaofei?

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], who had once supported the destiny of the Human Race in the Vast Thousand Domains, declared his re-arrival with his tyrannical Emperor qi. It was evident that he wasn’t injured. The vastness of blood and qi did not appear wounded at all.

The Sky Emperor's pupils shrank, understanding dawning on his face.

“Able to hide from me... haha, turns out that Li Xiaofei has become an Emperor long ago. How could a new Emperor expert possess such a profound cultivation base? In the present world, without Ye Qingyu, it would have been the era of Li Xiaofei.” Sky Emperor fixed his eyes on Li Xiaofei.

At this time, Li Xiaofei was indeed the most powerful Martial Emperor after Ye Qingyu.

But when these words came from the Sky Emperor's mouth there seemed to be a hidden motive.

Li Xiaofei simply smiled, but did not respond.

If he were tempted by a few words from the Sky Emperor then he wouldn’t have become a Martial Emperor.

The Sky Emperor spoke again, “In other words, that day on the Platform of Green Clouds was all a set up. You have long become an Emperor before then...” He came to realize that everything was within Ye Qingyu's grasp all along. From the beginning, Ye Qingyu did not sacrifice Li Xiaofei nor did he use Li Xiaofei's opportunity of becoming Emperor as bait.

This infuriated the Sky Emperor even more.

He was not angry at failure, but of such failure. Ye Qingyu did not really pay the price.

“I have become an Emperor as early as sixty years ago. You think you can calculate everything, but you did not know that there is something in this world that you cannot control. Your fate today has been decided sixty years ago. The Great Emperor Ye Qingyu had already been preparing for today's war back then. Therefore, you were unaware that I had become Emperor and couldn’t detect my whereabouts. You have lost.”

Li Xiaofei finally spoke, looking straight at the Sky Emperor.

Given his present cultivation level, he, of course, had the qualifications to look directly at the Sky Emperor.

The pupils of the Sky Emperor shrank again.

The plan had been arranged sixty years ago?

He couldn’t accept this.

Does that mean that as early as sixty years ago, Ye Qingyu was already digging a hole, but he was unaware of this and still thought that he could control everything in the dark. Who would have thought that he was just a chess piece on Ye Qingyu's chess board?

“I don't believe it,” the Sky Emperor’s voice carried a trace of mania. He turned to Ye Qingyu, bursting into loud laughter, “Haha, so what? Your sixty years of planning still cannot defeat me. Even if you did not sacrifice Li Xiaofei, you have sacrificed the Domain Alliance, sacrificed the Qingluo Chamber of Commerce... You, in the end still felt the feeling of pain in my hands, just like thousands of years ago.”

Ye Qingyu did not speak.

“What, you boast about protecting all people, but among those who died in the destruction of the Domain Alliance temple, there are your relatives, comrades and friends. In order to confuse me, you chose to give up on them. To you, valuable people, such as Li Xiaofei, you will protect them, but people without too much value, such as Lin Yutang and others, you will abandon them without a second thought... Hahaha, we are after all still the same kind of people.” Sky Emperor laughed.

He wanted to plant a thorn in the hearts of Ye Qingyu and his followers.

The most direct and simple way was often the most effective way.

However, before he finished his words, the expression on his face had frozen.

Because he saw that, on the walls of the Imperial Palace were several figures appearing one after another, and the few people in front include the chief envoy of the Human Race of the Domain Alliance, Divine White-robed Guard Lin Yutang and other experts of major races——all who should have died in the battle of the destruction of the Domain Alliance.

The expression on Sky Emperor's face had completely stiffened.

How is that possible?

He could have accepted the fact that Li Xiaofei succeeded in tricking him, but how could these ants pass his perception? It should be said that, although it was the several Emperors of the past who took care of that matter, he was still observing everything in the dark. He clearly sensed that these ants were dead, how can this happen?

“It's not hard to fool you,” Ye Qingyu spoke. “You have been hiding in the Dark Realm for thousands of years, like a worm in a ditch, you think you control everything, but in fact, is just deteriorating and weakening bit by bit. If it were tens of thousands of years ago then perhaps I couldn’t do anything to you, but now you... are just too weak.”

“You have lost the original intent of a martial artist. A battle is always the original intent of a martial artist, scheming will only corrode your fighting power.”

The Sky Emperor was taken aback all of a sudden.

Fear twisted his face.

It was as if his fatal spot had been struck.

He wanted to retort, but he didn't know what to say.

It was also then that Ye Qingyu made a move.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] rotated, coordinating with the ancient golden character formation, and suddenly launched out. When heaven and earth worked together, even the hero cannot escape. Under such a formation, the Sky Emperor felt that he was abandoned by the world. He wanted to fight back, but for some reason couldn’t display even one-tenth of his earth-shaking strength.

Boom!

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] produced loud booming noises.

The blue body violently vibrated, instantly cracked like shattered porcelain, before splitting into countless pieces of blue fragments.

“Ah ah ah....” the Sky Emperor roared, his body recovered, but the blue colour was much dimmer than before and his power also weakened.

Evidently, he was already severely wounded by the loud booms of the bell.

For the Sky Emperor, such an encounter had never happened for a long period of time. Back then, the Divine Light Emperor fell under his scheming, and the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and other fiendgod sovereigns were suppressed by him. However, today, he saw signs of all his glory dying away, and also for the first time, felt a lack of strength.

Rumble!

Rumble!

The bells shook, and sound waves rang between heaven and earth.

The body of the Sky Emperor shattered again and again.

At this time, he had no room to fight back.

“Your strength, it's already so strong... surpassed the Divine Light Emperor back then. You have integrated with the strengthened power of his reincarnation? No, no, this aura...”  The Sky Emperor trembled, his body was restored once again, but was blurred as a shadow.

At this time he was as weak as a puff of smoke. His cultivation base had declined and fell from the Emperor realm.

He also seemed to have given up his life, gave up on struggling and counter attacking.

“It's over.”

Ye Qingyu would not show the slightest mercy. The one hundred eight ancient characters assembled together, and the power of heaven and earth were gathered into a silver long sword. The Life Sword sword intent of the peak realm transformed into a starry river sword and sliced through the air.

This was a definite kill.

The Sky Emperor's thin blue body was severed into two.

The Sky Emperor’s source origin power dissipated instantly, and his true will began to scatter away.

This was a sign of death.

His form can no longer be recovered.

“So this is the feeling of death... It was you who saved me, and now I also died in your hands. It is a perfect cycle... Haha... Death freed me.” The Sky Emperor laughed, his eyes brimmed with tears, beads of blue tears streaming down his cheeks.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1323:


Chapter 1336, God Emperor as title

An ancient ruthless and ambitious person had finally come to the end.

Watching the body of the Sky Emperor gradually growing dimmer, Ye Qingyu did not feel much emotion rippling in his heart.

It was the Divine Light Emperor who took the Sky Emperor in back then. In truth, Ye Qingyu wasn't too sure of the relationship between the Divine Light Emperor and the Sky Emperor. But there was one thing that he was certain about and that is the relationship between the two must be better than the relationship that the Divine Light Emperor had with the Sx Divine Generals. There must be some other secrets unknown to anyone.

But Ye Qingyu did not want to know.

All he knew was that the Sky Emperor deserved death.

Let alone the fact that the Sky Emperor schemed against and prepared an ambush for him, caused the death of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden in the starry battlefield, even in this fight, although Ye Qingyu was more or less prepared, many people still died as a result. In particular, Song Jiannan's death, which for Song Qingluo and Song Xiaojun, was a great damage and was out of Ye Qingyu's calculation. He was after all not god, and cannot predict everything. His plan against the Sky Emperor seemed perfect, but there were still damages in the end.

This blood debt, of course, should be written on the head of the Sky Emperor.

The present Ye Qingyu was still just Ye Qingyu, and not the Divine Light Emperor. Thus, he will not go investigate the past, and will only ask about the present life. And in this life, the Sky Emperor was his greatest enemy and must die.

Watching beads of blue tears streaming down from the Sky Emperor's eyes before he died, there wasn't the slightest ripple of emotion in Ye Qingyu's heart.

On the contrary, Wen Wan, Gao Diping and the other Divine Generals, as well as the grumpy sprit monkey battle pet Sun Wukong, at such a time, revealed a strange expression, heart trembling with incomparably complex feelings.

The blue figure before them that was about to fade was once their brother. They drank and ate together, fought and shed blood together, and then became sworn enemies. The goal and significance of their life seemed to be to kill this person. For so many lives, for such a long time, after awakening, they hated the fact that they were unable to tear him apart. However, when this day was finally here, when they finally saw the end of the life of the Sky Emperor, there was an indescribable feeling inside them. They felt at a loss, frustrated, disappointed, and not as happy as imagined.

“Although you are still as heartless, but this time I will help you, hahaha. I will make you regret it. You will eventually shed tears for me one day.” The Sky Emperor seemed to have a momentary recovery of consciousness. His face suddenly took on a very strange smile, staring at Ye Qingyu, eyes hazy as though caught in the good memories of the past.

And in such a strange state, his body finally dissipated completely.

All signs of life, all his martial arts, all his aura, all traces of him, in this instant, disappeared from this world.

Ye Qingyu was certain that the Sky Emperor was truly dead. It was not a fake death, nor did he escape.

The world also seemed to have sensed the death of an ambitious and ruthless person. The innate aura of the Sky Emperor slowly faded from the universe, and at the same time, the wind whistled, and rain bucketed down. In the blink of an eye, the whole Guardian Royal City was drowned in rain.

Between heaven and earth were curtains of rain.

It was all over.

Ye Qingyu stretched his palm out. The power of the golden ancient characters formation gathered on the long sword also began to slowly disperse, transforming into tens of thousands of specks of formation power that scattered between the heavens and earth. It then assembled into a formation that surrounded the entire Imperial Palace again.

With one thought, the formations were able to transform into a sword, which was one of the remarkable skills that Ye Qingyu had mastered and which had transcended the Emperor realm.

If given enough time, the golden ancient characters formation engraved between heaven and earth could become the weapon of Ye Qingyu. The reason why the Sky Emperor was unable to escape this calamity was precisely because Ye Qingyu's mastery of the one hundred eight ancient characters technique had already reached the peak state, beyond that of Ye Chongsheng, the peerless God of War and the others. Once fallen into such a formation, it was impossible to escape and one must accept their fate.

The terror of such a remarkable technique, which can make someone like the Sky Emperor accept fate, can easily be imagined.

Gather like fire, scatter like specks of stars.

That is power.

After so many years of cultivation, Ye Qingyu's strength had reached a degree that no other people can fathom and experience. It was only the Sky Emperor who could understand it, but he was already dead.

“Prepare arrangements to deal with the aftermath,” Ye Qingyu said indifferently.

Emperor Xiaofei nodded.

Silvery rays of light flickered in the void, without the slightest fluctuation of power. It was the light transmission technology of the earth's civilization. The mechanical body of [The Beginning] appeared.

The plan against the Sky Emperor was operated so smoothly due to [The Beginning's] monitoring and calculation. Now, [The Beginning's] control can be said to have thoroughly infiltrated the Vast Thousand Domains and the various domains of the Dark Realm. When Ye Qingyu said to prepare to deal with the aftermath, he in fact, was speaking to [The Beginning].

It was unknown how many forces, nobles, and influential families were directly involved in the Sky Emperor's plan. Some were fanning the flames, and some although did not do anything, their position were extremely unstable... There was nothing much that can be said about these forces, except that they must be reorganized, and subjected to cleaning and transformation. Ye Qingyu decided that he wouldn’t be lenient this time.

And it was the most appropriate for [The Beginning], who was responsible for the monitoring of the whole process, to do so.

……

……

The result of the Battle of the Guardian Royal City soon spread throughout the two domains.

On the surface, such an outcome did not set off many waves.

Because even the people that were the most shocked dared not to show too much of a reaction. Everything made sense, but at the same time was difficult to accept. Such a reversal, such a miracle, had happened too many times on Ye Qingyu. But those who really understood the rise of Ye Qingyu would have been numb to all this.

But in the dark, countless ambitious people most likely would have shattered from the shock.

In just a few days of time, the Imperial Empire had turned the situation around with ease.

It should be said that before this, the forces who secretly went against the Immortal God Emperor could be said to be the strongest since ancient times. There were more than ten Martial Emperors of the past who can be called a violent tyrannical force and that if placed in any era was enough to sweep the world. But such forces were wiped out in less than one day in the battle of the Guardian Royal City. Moreover, not even one was able to escape. What had actually happened in the Imperial Palace?

Time flew by.

Too many things have happened in the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm.

Many ancient sects and influential families were ruthlessly wiped out. Some domains, noble clans, and even some Dark One tribal forces were treated coldly, suppressed and punished. The Imperial Empire and the Heaven Wasteland Empire were like the two wings behind Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu, were like the alternating sun and moon in the sky, like yin and yang, they gradually ruled the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm.

And bits of clues were constantly spreading out from different places.

“[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] in fact did not fail in becoming Emperor the first time, but succeeded. Everything on the Azure Cloud Platform were within the calculation of the Immortal God Emperor. It was all to lead the snake out of the hole...”

“The world was always under the control of the Great Immortal God Emperor.”

“It is rumoured that the Great Immortal God Emperor has already broken through the barrier of life and death and surpassed the Emperor realm.”

“What is after the Emperor realm? Immortal Demon?”

“If that were the case, wouldn't the Great Immortal God Emperor be the strongest Emperor since ancient times?”

“The title Great Emperor is already unable to match up to the name Ye Qingyu. In the future, he can be known as the Imperial God Emperor.”

Whether it was on the governmental side of the non-governmental side, there were numerous rumours.

Gradually, the Ye Qingyu’s began to change, and the world referred Ye Qingyu as the God Emperor. The title Imperial God Emperor also became Ye Qingyu’s new Emperor title.

“The Sky Emperor is dead, and this title has no real meaning.”

Ye Qingyu was also not too concerned about this.

Back then it was to declare war on the Sky Emperor that he chose to use the Emperor title Immortal God.

However, he had no intention of correcting this and left it.

The fall of the Sky Emperor made Ye Qingyu relax.

Because he knew very clearly who the real enemy of this world is. The Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others were nothing to worry about. The real threats were the Abandoned Fiendgod, the King of Destruction and other King of Sovereigns who had once come through the Gate of Blood during the collapse of the Divine Light Court. Since they have come once before, then there will certainly be a second time. These greedy and brutal fiendgods had never stopped lusting after the destiny of the world. The intruders suppressed by the black tombstones in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, and the invaders in the Chaos District west of the great wall of the Dark Realm were the best proof.

Following the ascension of his cultivation base, Ye Qingyu more and more clearly felt the urgency of the situation. It was like the rising wind before the coming storm.

The Heaven Wasteland Empire and the Imperial Empire handed over the matter for [The Beginning] and other important officials to take care of. While Ye Qingyu’s main interest, for the next fifty years, was to analyze the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and other captives, as well as the source of power and weaknesses of the Three-eyed white-bone giant and other Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns.

These five fiendgod sovereigns were considered to have bad luck to fall into the hands of Ye Qingyu. They were directly sealed and suppressed in the [Cloud Top Cauldron], and treated as experimental mice, observed, tested and analyzed day and night. Ye Qingyu hoped to find the similarity in the power of these Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns.

The outside rumour was that Ye Qingyu's cultivation strength was already beyond the Emperor realm, but this was not the case.

The Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others like him were existences that have transcended the Emperor realm.

It was only because they couldn’t be contained by the heaven and earth of this world that they were forced to descend onto the world, causing their battle strength to decline and which allowed them to be captured as prisoners. For existences of their level, strength and realm represent a different meaning. What Ye Qingyu had to do was to find the secret of transcending the Emperor realm from these five existences.

In a blink of an eye, fifty years of time have passed.

During these fifty years, Ye Qingyu had never been seen in the world.

But in this world, his legends were still being recounted everywhere.

This day, [The Beginning] showed up to find Ye Qingyu.

“We've built a satellite network in the starry sky... Anyway, I found some interesting things that you’ll be very interested about.” [The Beginning] said in a mysterious voice, “Perhaps, from now on, the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm will need to be redefined and understood.”

---------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1324:


Chapter 1337, The true face of the world

“The previous speculation is right.”

Ye Qingyu stood in the void, looking at the scene in front of him with indescribable shock.

The Vast Thousand Domains was indeed a star domain.

A bizarre star domain.

The starry system consisted of thousands of starry bodies of various sizes that were strangely apart from each other, revolving in a seemingly chaotic but extremely incredible natural manner. The trajectory and order were perfect to an unimaginable degree. There was even a power that Ye Qingyu could not fathom shrouding this star domain.

That was the interesting thing discovered on [The Beginning's] satellite network.

Ye Qingyu had fought in the starry sky before, and was aware of what the universe and stars looked like, but the magnificent sight of this star domain before him was still beyond his imagination. In particular, the mysterious power that was circulating around this star domain was not something that Ye Qingyu had come across before during the battle in the starry sky.

“What kind of force is this?”

Ye Qingyu marveled.

The battle of the Capital Sky Peak, as well as the first confrontation with the Sky Emperor, both happened in the starry sky. After the true Martial Emperor form is revealed, every movement of a Martial Emperor appeared to be able to destroy the stars. However, those stars were barren star domains without the protection of the power of the universe and thus would be destroyed in a battle between Martial Emperors.

However, the star domain before him was the star domain to which the Vast Thousand Domains belonged to, and which was protected by a strange power. Ye Qingyu believed that this was a cosmic force, and under the protection of this power, it was impossible for even the present Ye Qingyu to break any one of the stars.

These thousands of stars, which revolved naturally, appear to be some kind of naturally-made formation that gave birth to the power of the universe.

Previously, Ye Qingyu had made several attempts to escape from this star domain, and finally relied on the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to forcibly get out of this star domain.

As they say, one does know the shape of a mountain when standing on it.

Previously, Ye Qingyu was situated in the domains of the Vast Thousand Domains, unaware of the true face of this Vast Thousand Domains. It was only now that he finally understood the world's true face.

Looking at the thousands of starry bodies from afar, Ye Qingyu operated the [Eyes of the Void] to locate where Heaven Wasteland Domain was——To be exact, it should now be called the Heaven Wasteland Star. Each domain of the Vast Thousand Domains corresponded to a starry body that floated in this star domain.

Heaven Wasteland Star was enormous, one of the largest among the vast thousands star domains. It was a starry body full of life and with powerful life source, and in contrast, the Ancient Sky Dragon Star was dim and grey, shrouded in dead atmosphere.

“If my guess is right, the so-called space-time should be a different starry domain, a strangely magnificent star domain similar to the Vast Thousand Star Domains that gives birth to a different civilization. The Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns had painstakingly tried to descend onto this star domain, in order to seize the destiny qi in this star domain, and the so-called destiny qi is most likely related to the power of life source of this star domain.”

Ye Qingyu directly transformed into his true Martial Emperor form, observing the star domains within tens of thousands of kilometers of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. The more he took in, the more he could feel the true face of this star domain, and there were some information that he understood all of a sudden.

“The power that weakened and obstructed the Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns that descended onto the Vast Thousand Star Domains should be the cosmic force that protected this star domain, which is also the force born from the natural formations of the thousands of starry bodies. This is the true cosmic power of the heavens and earth, and also a power that even the King of Sovereigns cannot escape from.”

Different star domains gives birth to different civilizations, and different civilized living creatures are only suited to the laws of heaven and earth of their original star domain, and thus should only be accepted by that star domain. More importantly, the strongest experts of different star domains were equivalent to the accumulation of destiny qi and the pinnacle of laws of their own star domain. The forceful entry onto other star domains was equivalent to destroying the power of laws and destiny of that star domain, and would certainly suffer from the attack of the power of heaven and earth of that star domain.

Because in every star domain was an instinctive tendency to protect itself.

Ye Qingyu immediately thought of the tiny space-time formations connected to the black tombstones in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss. It was clear that these formations were connected to another star domain. Ye Qingyu had tried to enter these space-time transmission formations before, but was blocked and repelled by a strange force. This was most likely because Ye Qingyu was the accumulation of the peak power and laws of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, and thus was repelled by the protective force of other star domains.

It was incredibly difficult for the King of Sovereigns to descend onto the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

And it was similarly extremely difficult for Ye Qingyu to enter the star domains where the different Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns were from.

Ye Qingyu's line of sight fell on the outer perimeter of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, where an enormous black starry body that had not completely separated from the Vast Thousand Star Domains was.

This planet was even bigger than the Heaven Wasteland Star, and can be considered as the largest starry body of the entire Vast Thousand Star Domains. It looked very strange, not completely circular in shape, but was a bizarre angular star body, as if pieced together from numerous fragments.

“This should be the Dark Realm.”

Understanding dawned on Ye Qingyu’s face.

Back then, the Dark Realm that Ye Chongseng created from destroyed domains was in fact a new starry body created with fragments of the shattered starry bodies.

“Ye Chongsheng must have also leapt out of the Vast Thousand Star Domains and saw the true face of the world from the outside, which is why he created the Dark Realm. With my current strength, I can also do this.”

Ye Qingyu was very confident about this.

His cultivation strength had now surpassed the strength of any of the reincarnations of the Divine Light Emperor, surpassed Ye Chongsheng, surpassed the peerless God of War, and even surpassed the Divine Light Emperor.

Of course, this ascension was based on the accumulation of the previous 107 lives.

Although Ye Qingyu had not integrated with the physical body of the Divine Light Emperor, he had to admit that he was still influenced by all the past reincarnations of the Divine Light Emperor.

“The location of the Dark Realm Star is very mysterious... Ah, I understand, Ye Chongsheng is really a rare genius.” Ye Qingyu analyzed the position of the Dark Realm and saw the significance behind it.

The huge dark planet, located on the edge of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, at first glance seemed inharmonious with the operation of the thousands of star domains. But on closer inspection, one can see that its existence solved the only flaw in the formation of the Vast Thousand Star Domains——Perhaps because the natural law itself was not always perfect, a trace of flaw was left behind. As they say the Dao of heaven reduces that which has too much, and adds to that which does not have enough. Of the fifty great Daos only forty-nine are used, and natural creation will always leave behind a trace of flaw. The existence of the Dark Realm Star was precisely the supplement to that trace of flaw.

This was to make up for the shortcomings with human power, and although it cannot achieve perfection with the Dao of heaven, it still had an important effect on enhancing the defensive strength of the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

“Yes, without the existence of the Dark Realm Star, the Vast Thousand Domains would have been broken through by Invaders long ago...”

Ye Qingyu's line of sight shifted away from the Dark Realm Star.

A huge cloud of grey chaos mist, as if from the distant starry sky, was about to pierce into the Vast Thousand Star Domains, but was blocked by the Dark Realm Star.

That grey chaos fog should be the area occupied by Innvaders west of the Great Wall defensive line in the Dark Realm.

Ye Qingyu was also aware that in the Vast Thousand Star Domains were also wisps of grey chaotic mist, though extremely weak, like wires and ropes, connecting different star bodies and leading to beyond the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

“That should be some space-time gaps, or the threads of power of space-time transmission formations.”

Ye Qingyu activated the [Eyes of the Void], and very carefully observed.

It was obvious that the situation was far more serious than he first thought.

Evil grey chaos fog was incessantly eroding the Vast Thousand Star Domains. Once the protective formation is destroyed, the Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns can descend unrestricted and unsuppressed, which, for the Vast Thousand Star Domains, would be a nightmare.

The star domains that have lost the power of the cosmic protection were like lambs exposed to the laws of the jungle in the cosmic space. Once its location and coordinates wee exposed it cannot escape from the fate of being swallowed up by a group of sharks.

“The Vast Thousand Star Domainss have been destroyed once, and this is the so-called reincarnation of civilization. However, there are strange force fields and laws in this space. Therefore, after the destruction of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, after the long era and being subjected to the laws of the celestial bodies, it was regenerated... But this time, I will not let this tragic fate reappear.”

Ye Qingyu operated the Light Emperor Detection Technique, and calculated the possible path and way.

In the end, he gained a little insight.

To break away from the fate of the star domain being destroyed, a protector above the Emperor realm must be born, and the stronger the guardian, the more prosperous the fate of the star domain. For example, the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and others were guardians of their own star domain. However, after such a long period of time in the Vast Thousand Star Domains, their own star domain must have already been turned into a predatory land without its guardian.

But for the Abandoned Fiendgod, the King of Destruction, as well as the Sword-Saber Divine Emperor Ding Hao, and other King of Sovereign existences, it is by suppressing the destiny of their own star domain that it will almost never be destroyed and can achieve eternal protection.

“I understand.”

Ye Qingyu observed the movement of the stars and rhythms between the Vast Thousand Star Domains. It was a full ten years later that he understood everything.

His cultivation base also grew without him knowing.

He was able to clearly feel that the connection between himself and the Vast Thousand Star Domains was growing closer and closer. The life force of this star domain, the power of creation, began to gather towards the body of Ye Qingyu.

This star domain began to recognize Ye Qingyu’s identity.

It was time to go back.

Ye Qingyu understood that if he wanted to break through the Emperor realm and become the guardian of this star domain, he must make a breakthrough in this star domain, and not outside the star domain. He had already grasped the opportunity of breakthrough, and was ready to go back to give it a try.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

