Chapter 397:


"This is..." Ye Qingyu was slightly taken aback.

Seven Kill Plaque!

This was the legendary Seven Kill Plaque.

The Divine Doctor and the Pill God had once mentioned there was a Seven kill Plaque within the [Light Palace].

It was said that the existence that founded and created the [Light Palace], had once left a sword plaque here within the [Light Palace]. It had the power to suppress ghosts, deities and Fiendgods.

It should be the sword plaque in front of him.

It really had the ability to suppress ghosts, deities and Fiendgods?

He could not sense anything.

There was not any fluctuation of energy around this sword plaque whatsoever.

Apart from the characters on it, it did not have any formation arrays or any sort of mystery upon it.

Could it be something that outsiders had turned into a legend?

Ye Qingyu lifted his head to look at the stone plaque, staring at it and suddenly felt a spell of faintness.

A change had occurred.

The characters were like they were chiseled by blades and axes, every character was like it was cut with a blade. After the sword plaque had experienced the passing of a hundred year of time, Ye Qingyu could still feel in these twenty-two words, a flickering blade will hidden, like the aura from the clash of millions of blades, metals and horses. Without knowing when, Ye Qingyu felt his vision had changed. He was no longer standing in front of the Seven Kill Plaque, but within a battlefield, amidst an ocean of blood and a mountain of corpses...

"Just what is this?"

Ye Qingyu was shocked.

He suddenly turned his head, activating his consciousness and firming his will. However, even using the nameless breathing technique, he had no way of breaking past the illusion in front of him.

Formation array?

Or was it an illusion?

Ancient scene after ancient scene began appearing ------

Within the air, there were battleships upon battleships, completely shrouding the skies. Fiendgod after Fiendgod fell to the ground from the air, like withered leaves. One could see mountains of corpses and seas of blood on the ground. There were countless strange and alien races brandishing their weapons and fighting. The fresh blood was like a river that gathered together and surged throughout. White bones were piled up so high that it was like a mountain. One could see broken walls and burning flames, one could see collapsed mountain peaks. One could see dried up oceans, one could see broken space, one could see magma swallowing the city walls and high buildings...

The entire world madly swirled around Ye Qingyu.

He saw the imagery of Fiendgods fighting within the skies, rending Heaven and Earth apart.

He saw countess races that followed the Fiendgod also perishing in such a scene.

The entire world, in such a brutal battlefield, was like an exquisite sand sculpture that collapsed bit by bit.

Ye Qingyu had unknowingly clenched his fist at seeing such a scene.

Seeing the death of countless lifeforms, seeing the battle between Fiendgods unending, seeing the entire world perishing of battle, an uncontrollable killing intent began building in his heart. A hard to describe rage, seemed to have been lit my something. He hated the fact that he was unable to transform into a destructive flame, and surged forwards and sweep up the Fiendgods fighting throughout the skies with vicious expressions. He wanted to make these lifeforms that were like tumours, completely disappear from this world...

It was as if flames had enshrouded Ye Qingyu eyes.

Then his entire person transformed into flames.

In his ears, the roars of rage and howls of tragedies coming from countless lifeforms began to distance away.

He did not know how long had passed before he awakened.

Looking around his surroundings, the previous illusions had all disappeared. There was only the sword plaque raised high up in front of him.

Looking at the twenty-two words now, he could only feel that the strokes of the characters were extremely sharp. There was no longer any dizziness or illusions by looking upon it anymore.

"Just what is happening?"

Ye Qingyu looked again towards the Seven Kill Plaque.

Why had that existence in the past left such a plaque behind?

The things that he had witnessed, was this the true intention of this plaque?

When that existence in the past left the sword plaque behind, his martial will and spirit had implanted the scenery he saw.

But it was only that, in the legends, this existence was the Snow Empire War God, a legendary figure a hundred years ago. But from what he just saw, it seemed like he had experienced the God and Devil Age himself, that he would be so hateful and angry towards the Fiendgods?

Ye Qingyu felt that the matter was not as simple as it seemed in the legends.

Standing in front of the Seven Kill Plaque for a while longer, Ye Qingyu felt the hatred and killing intent in his body slowly dissipating. Only then did he turn and leave, heading further inside.

What he had was time, he could slowly investigate this Seven Kill Plaque in the future.

After passing the miniture city gate, there was an open and large yard.

At the very center was a road for carriages that was approximately ten meters wide.

On the side of the main road were two rows of light soldier statues. Every statue was ten meters tall, faintly silver. It was extremely lifelike. Everyone held their swords at the chest and let out an imposing aura.

Outside the soldier statues, on the left side was the martial practice grounds. On the right side was the camp and military stores.

There was a wooden fence that separated the main road.

Ye Qingyu slowly walked through the main road.

There was a clamour that sounded.

On the right side of the camps, there were people playing and enjoying themselves.

He saw a crowd of soldiers that wore casual clothing as well as two muscular men that were topless. Their foreheads were against the other's forehead, staring angrily at each other, doing their utmost to wrestle the other to the ground, with hundreds of soldiers madly cheering for them. There was a large fatty that seemed like a flesh mountain from far away sitting on a stone chair. He was shouting and screaming, yelling at them to wager on just which of the muscular men would be the first to fall to the ground...

"Hahaha, wager, wager, wager everyone. I don't have anymore money, and the monthly wages hasn't yet been distributed. I'll first owe you ten gold on the loan..." The fatty had a face filled with crazed fanatic light as he shouted.

Every time he laughed, the flesh on his body beneath his loose clothing would shake.

"Fatty, why are you betting with nothing again? You've already owed us several hundred gold that you've delayed for several months, why are you tarrying?" There was someone that shouted in disagreement.

"Because I'm the commander of the soldier army, and my military rank is higher than you. Wahaha, what can you do?" The fatty began shouting arrogantly.

"We said at the very start, there is not father and son in a wager. What does your military rank matter..." Another large man began yelling in rebuttal.

The fatty was somewhat angry. After being angry for a while, he suddenly turned back, “Duan Tiande, Duan Tiande, don't sleep all day then, grab my military badge out for me…"

From the great tent behind them, there was a large swathe of yawning young soldiers that walked out. This should be the Duan Tiande that was mentioned by Fatty. There was a silver item in his hands. With a throw, he threw it from far off...

The items drew out a silver arc in the air.

Ye Qingyu could see it clearly. This was a military badge that was extremely intricate.

There was a significant aura emitting from this sword shaped military badge. It was evidently not common, and its rank was absolutely not low. It was at least the military badge of a second class military Marquis.

However, the pig-like fatty did not even turn his head as he received it. Then he directly threw this military badge into the pile of scattered money, loudly shouting, "I wager my military badge. How about that then?"

"Che, you use this move every time, do you think we're afraid of you." The people beside him looked at him with disdain.

From far away.

Ye Qingyu looked on them for a while on the main road, then shook his head.

Was these the current soldiers of the [Light Palace]?

And that fatty seemed to be the commander of these soldiers.

For military discipline to deteriorate to such a degree, it seemed that the [Light Palace] had really fallen into a sorry state.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything and continued walking further inside with the little white rabbit in his embrace.

The soldiers that were still engrossed in wagering and gambling perhaps noticed Ye Qingyu, or perhaps they did not notice. However, no one gave any attention to Ye Qingyu. When Ye Qingyu passed this area by and continued walking, no one blocked him.

At the end of the main road was another inner city wall.

The innter city wall was of similar hright to the outer city wall. There was another city gate inside, it's scale even larger than the previous [Eastern Kill Gate]. This should be the [Front Kill Gate] of the Front, Middle and Back Kill gates.

In the past, even experts of the sects that had hands covered with blood and had ran rampant throughout their times had been slaughtered in front of this gate.

But right now, in this famous [Front Kill Gate], there was no longer anyone guarding it.

Ye Qingyu entered through the [Front Kill Gate], going further in.

In front of him was the most central area of the [Light Palace]. This was the area where the true experts were stationed. According to the legends, when the [Light Palace] was at its pinnacle, there were hundreds of Bitter Sea stage experts stationed here, and tens of Heaven Ascension stage experts. They could be regarded as an extremely terrifying power, but right now...

On the way here, Ye Qingyu could see several withered great trees as well as yellow soil.

The camps that had once stationed top level experts had been broken apart by the wind and rain. The weapons that had once been sparkling and glittering with light were now rusted and broken. There was a platform that had fallen into disuse, as well as formation arrays that did not have any more energy to sustained it...

The previous [Front Kill Gate] at least had those lazy soldiers existing. It at least gave off a feeling of life. But this area was a dead area. Decrepitated and decayed, there was not even a sparrow to be seen.

Although he had already made his preparations, but Ye Qingyu had never thought that the [Light Palace] had decayed to such an extent.

With such an atmosphere and battlepower, it could not even be compared to the soldiers under the command of the lowest Guerilla Warfare officer of Youyan Pass.

"The glory of the past has been blown away by the wind and rain. It seems to want to make the [Light Palace] rise again, everything has to start from the beginning again. As the Lord of the Light Palace, I am only an empty shell... it's only that the Crown Prince spent such a great effort to push me into the position as the Lord of the Light Palace. Why did he do so? If he was supporting his trusted subordinates... But until now, I have never even seen the Crown Prince. How can he be sure that I would be willing to work under him with all my heart?"

Ye Qingyu was thoughtful as he headed further inside.

It was another inner wall.

At the center of the inner wall is the [Middle Kill Gate].

The fame of the [Middle Kill Gate] was even greater than the [Front Kill Gate].

Those people slaughtered here in the past were all the monsters and tyrants at the Sect Leader class.

But this [Middle Kill Gate] was not any different from the [Front Kill Gate]. It was decrepit, without anyone guarding it, withered leaves flying about...

When Ye Qingyu walked past the [Middle Kill Gate] into the third area, he could suddenly sense a powerful energy fluctuation that came from a platform a thousand meters in front of him.

He turned his head to look.

There was a martial expert currently training.

Ye Qingyu's heart trembled.

The man wielding the halberd as a weapon should be the first true martial expert he had encountered after entering the [Light Palace]. It was only that he did not use yuan qi as he practiced his blade techniques, but his powerful and simple blade cultivation made Ye Qingyu sense his powerful aura even a thousand meters away.

This should be a top level existence at the Bitter Sea stage.

There was still top level experts within the [Light Palace] after all?

After having been made disappointed by the undisciplined and decrepit affairs, Ye Qingyu was finally interested after seeing this martial expert. Walking over, he came to twenty meters away from the arena, as he began closely observing...

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 398:


On the arena, there was a middle-aged man that seemed to be around thirty. His face was bronze and hehad clearly defined facial features. His figure could not be said to be tall, but there was an explosive power filled in his muscles. He wore rough and coarse fabric clothing with a black metal chain hanging at his waist. There was a sense of beauty as his muscles moved according to the change in his bladesmanship.

The blade in his hand was that of a war halberd that was rarely seen.

This type of weapon was even longer and heavier than a normal blade. No matter whether it was the back of the blade or the handle, it was thicker and wider. It seem to be extremely suitable for hacking and cutting. This was one of the favourite weapons of martial experts at the Ordinary martial level, the striking power they were able to instantaneously exhibit was really powerful. But for top class experts at the Biter Sea stage, the heaviness and thickness of a weapon was not the factor that decided victory in a battle. Therefore there were rarely any top class experts who used such a weapon.

Furthermore, this halberd seemed exceedingly normal. It should not be a Spirit tool or a Treasure tool.

It was only that, such a normal weapon, began exhibiting a terrifying aura in the hands and moves of this person. A cold and seeping aura before to materialize, encircling around the body of this person. And this was only power, without any yuan qi being used.

"The strength of this broad faced person is absolutely at the Bitter Sea stage. His cultivation is not as great as me, but the killing intent held within his blade is absolutely above me. He should be a warrior that charged out from within the army, but why is he within the [Light Palace]?“

Ye Qingyu could tell that the martial path followed by the broad faced man, was the military martial path.

But in this military killing aura, Ye Qingyu could faintly sense a dispiritedness within, as if something was wrong.

At this time----

Xiu!

A blade filled with killing intent suddenly hacked at him.

This blade was extremely sudden, like a bolt of lightning that instantly came in front of Ye Qingyu.

"Chichichi..." The little white rabbit was so scared that it's fur stood up straight. It's ruby-like eyes were closed as it began sharply making sounds of distress.

In the instant that Ye Qingyu's figure was hit by the blade light, his figure was like silken tofu, splitting into two.

But the next instant, the two pieces of his body blurred, then dispersed like mist.

Ye Qingyu's true body was half a meter away.

On the arena.

The broad faced bladesman looked at Ye Qingyu, evaluating him up and down. "Who are you?"

Hearing these words, his heart was moved like he he had just seen his family. He was after all the new Lord of the Light Palace. On the way here, no one had paid him any attention, and no one had asked him what he was doing here. The previous speeches he had prepared beforehand, he did not have the chance to use them at all. But right now, was his opportunity finally going to appear?

Ye Qingyu cleared his throat, then said with a smile, "I am...”

Who would have that thought before he could even say a phrase, the broad faced swordsman swiped his arm. Coldly he said, "Fine, no need to say anything. I also don't want to know. Who you are has nothing to do with me. To be able to avoid my strike, it's clear you are not a nameless person... I don't like people watching me sneakily as I practice, please leave.”

As he finished, his blade moved again, beginning to train in his bladesmanship once again.

Ye Qingyu: "...”

You're the person who asked me who I was, but to think you would say such words now?

Could you at least let me introduce myself first?

Just what kind of people were within the [Light Palace]?

Ye Qingyu was about to say something, but there was suddenly a laugh that sounded beside his air. A faint smell of alcohol drifted over -----

"Haha, Yan Hengshui, it was evidently you who was the one that asked him first. To think you would not even let him speak. With your emotions and your intelligence, do you think you will be able to succeed? No wonder you can only wait here to die..."

Ye Qingyu was shocked.

He had previously not even detected this person's existence.

Turning his head to look, he saw in the light soldier statue next to him that was tens of meters high, a figure was sitting in a slanted position upon the soldier's forehead, with a complete lazy posture. The person that said such words was namely him.

It was a young man that seemed around twenty years of age. He had black loose hair, and clearly defined facial features. He wore a brocaded robe, emitting a noble young master aura. It was only that his facial hair was something that was different from his image, his beard rubble. Amidst his nobility, there was an air of laziness and deterioration, but still had a certain charm about him.

The person sitting on the soldier's head had a jade green wine gourd. With a slight suction, there was a liquid that spouted out. The way he drank alcohol was extremely coarse, there was at least half the liquid that spouted to hit chest instead of going into his mouth.

He was another expert.

Ye Qingyu instantly made such an evaluation.

This young man that looked like a fallen noble had been able to evade his sense. His strength was definitely not any lower than that of the broad faced man, Yan Hengshu.

"Whether I can continue on or not, do I need a trash like you who weas trashed by a woman to manage?" Yan Hengshui was enraged, his blade striking out and his figure transforming into flowing light. An invisible blade aura exploded, a sword qi that was hundreds of meters in size cut towards the young man on top of the head of the soldier statue.

"Aiyah..." The young man let out a shocked cry and quickly fell down in a panic from the massive statue.“

But such a fall had just managed to avoid the blade that contained Yan Hengshui's rage.

"“Li Changheng, do you dare to directly face my blade?" Yan Hengshui let out a roar of anger.

His blade qi could already be released as his heart willed it, reaching a pinnacle state. Since the blade had not managed to strike the young man called Li Changheng, the instant it hit the soldier statue, the huge force instantly dissipated like a light wind.

"I don't have energy to continue on tarrying with a brute like you. I'll come back when I'm annoyed..." Li Changheng's figure seemed to quiver for a bit after falling down from the statue. But in truth, after several flickers, he was already several hundreds meters away, his body technique extremely exquisite.

Ye Qingyu saw this scene and instantly knew that this Li Changheng's strength was also at the Bitter Sea stage.

It seemed like there were still experts within the [Light Palace].

It was only that these two people seemed to be people with strange temperaments. They should not be easy to discipline and command, and it would not be a simple task to turn them into subordinates he could use.

Seeing that Ye Qingyu could not touch Yan Hengshui, the halberd in his hand turned. The absolute blade glimmer was about to strike down at Ye Qingyu's head. With a yell, "It seems your strength is not bad, you’re fit to receive a few of my moves."

The blade glimmer was like lightning. Half the air seemed to have been cut apart by him.

Ye Qingyu activated the [True Will of the Sky Dragon]. His right hand instantly transformed into a dragon's claw. With a punch, it struck squarely on the silver blade glimmer.

Boom!

An invisible broken blade qi swept the heavens.

Yan Hengshui could only feel an unbelievable power striking at him. The halberd in his hands was like a mad dragon that could not be controlled, his entire person being sent flying by a humongous force. After sailing tens of meters through the air, he stumbled back another seven steps. Ultimately, he stabbed his blade into the ground, before he could stop flying backwards.

Astonishment was writen on his face as he looked disbelievingly at Ye Qingyu.

He evidenlty had not imagined that Ye Qingyu's strength would be some much higher than what he had initially estimated.

Ye Qingyu smiled towards this broad faced man. Without saying anything, he continued towards the interior of the [Light Palace].

The broad faced man lifted his hand. He wanted to say something, but without knowing why, nothing was ultimately uttered.

Ye Qingyu came to before the Front Kill Gate.

This young noble master that was called Li Changheng was slanted at the side of the Front Kill Gate. His eyes were narrowed as he carefully evaluated Ye Qingyu. With a smile that was not a smile: "To be able to send Yan Hengshui, that brute flying with a punch, you must not be a nameless fellow. What is your reason for coming to the [Light Palace], where a bird would not even shit?"

Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

Because at that moment, there were suddenly two lights that flickered. A vast energy rumbled from in front of him, reaching him in the blink of an eye.

It was a figure that was as thin as a bamboo, a middle-aged man with a goatee.

A scholar with a fresh face.

From the energy that the two emitted, they were evidently existences at the Bitter Sea stage. Their strength should be at the same class as Li Changheng and Yan Hengshui.

The two appeared, then stared at Ye Qingyu for a moment. Looking at each other, they had a shocked expression before bowing as they paid their respects.

“Your subordinate, the Enoy of Light, Dai Youmeng, pays his respect to the Lord of the Light Palace.”

“Your subordinate, the Enoy of Light, Liu Jingyan, pays his respect to the Lord of the Light Palace.”

Seeing the two, Ye Qingyu was faintly surprised. "You recognize me?”

The middle-aged scolar, Liu Jingyan quickly replied, "Several days ago, his majesty had passad on a message to the [Light Palace]. He has already notified us of the matter of Lord Ye assuming the mantle."

"That is so." The skinny and high man, Dai Youmeng, also bowed.“

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

Compared to Li Changheng and Yan Hengshui, these two were evidently much more normal.

"So you are the newly arrived Lord?" So young..." There was a light that flickered in Li Changheng’s eyes, then he once again returned to his relapsed state.

He still leaned against the wall and slightly clasped his eyes, paying a perfunctory respect. There was not the slightest attitude of a subordinate paying his respects to his superior.

"You dare. Li Changheng, you dare to be so impolite towards Lord Ye?" Liu Jingyan said in rage.

Li Changheng gave him a glance and coldly smiled, "Ai, you've learned to rely on the power of others. We are all Envoys of Light, we are all of the same rank. What right do you have to shout and order me around?"

"You...”

Yan Hengshui at the other end had also recovered. He brought his long blade as he walked over, giving Ye Qingyu a bow, "I am the Envoy of Light, Yan Hengshui. I pay my respects to you."

Since he came from a military background, even his movements in paying his respects was filled with power.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head without saying anything and continued onwads.

From the information received from Dugu Quan, there was an army of soldiers as well as seven Envoys of Light within the [Light Palace]. The four people in front of him were evidently four of the seven Envoys of Light. Why had the other three Envoys of Light not appeared?

Liu Jingyan did not know why the new Lord had come. They could only quietly follow behind Ye Qingyu.

Yan Hengshui held his halberd as he also silently followed behind.

Li Changheng hesitated slightly before ultimately continuing to stay where he was. He remained behind to bathe laziness in the sunlight on the city walls.

After the Back Kill Gate, it was the fourth area of the Light City.

Compared to the vastness of the previous three areas, the fourth area was somewhat quieter. In the ground, one could see the same strange trees that grew without order. Each of these trees were the thickness of two people hugging it. These trees were completely scarlet red, no matter whether it was the bark of the tree or the skin, and seemed like a sea of fire from far away, bright and resplendent.

There was a faint fire yuan qi attribute fluctuating in these trees.

"Eh? Could these be the legendary fire trees?"

Ye Qingyu was surprised.

According to the legends, in the most southeastern part of Snow Empire, there were such strange trees growing in the places were fire and magma flowed. It naturally possessed compatibility with the fire attribute, and could change the power of the world.

But he had not imagined that he would be able to see such trees in a place like the capital.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 399:


The fire tree was said to be one of the six strangest trees in the world. It could change the concentration of the five attributes around it. For martial experts who were of the fire attribute, they were an extremely rare resource. If they cultivated in a place filled with fire trees, the progress of their cultivation would definitely advance with less effort.

It was a pity that Ye Qingyu cultivated in the ice attribute. The fire trees did not have much effect on him.

The ground was filled with fire trees as well as their scattered leaves on the ground, creating an especially beautiful scene.

CheCheChe!

From within the trees, there was the sound of brushing.

Ye Qingyu took several steps amongst the trees, and walked several steps into the little stone path. He could see an old man with plain and ragged clothes was currently brandishing a broom made from branches and woven grass. He was brushing the ground that was made from branches as well as strands of grass into piles then setting them alight.

The burning leaves of the fire trees danced like spirits. It ultimately did not transform into ashes, but turned into little buds of green light that flew amongst the forest, disappearing amongst the branches of the fire trees.

The fallen red were not unrelated objects, they transformed into pure yuan qi that protected the flowers.

"This is old man Su. In the very early periods of the [Light Palace], it was said he was once a Soldier of Light. But he sustained injuries and damaged his cultivation, so he could only be assigned here to quiety tend to the fire trees and leaves. If the leaves of the fire trees accumulate too much, it will incite the fires of the earth and cause fires to burn the roots of the fire trees. This will cause the death of the trees..." The man with the goatee beard, Dai Youmeng rushed to explain.”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

The blood qi of this old man was a bit stronger than a normal person. But there was not any yuan qi within his body, he should be an old veteran whose cultivation was lost.

"That's right, old man Su has already been here for sixty or seventy years. These years, his legs have gotten worse and he's turned even more mute and death. The previous Lords took pity on him and always kept him on and fed him…” the middle-aged scholar Liu Jingyan explained.

Ye Qingyu and the others walked over.

As expected, only when they were near did Old man Su notice the others’ existence.

He looked on the others with surprise before once again sweeping and clearing out the fire leaves.

Wrinkles spread about like lines on a turtle shell on the dry old face of the old man, filled with the marks of a old man. His head was covered with thinning silver white hair, and his scalp was similiarly dried and withered. The aura he emitted made others feel he would fall over with a light gust of wine. He continued to steep with both his hands like the talons of a bird, his fingernails black and beautiful. He panted, his figure somewhat hunched.

Ye Qingyu stood and look beside him for a while, then said, "Send two or three people tomorrow, and help an old man out.”

"Your concern, Lord, is much appreciated. But the temperament Old Man Su has is strange, he's not compatible with other people. Previously, there were several young people from the soldiers camp who took pity on him. They came to help him everyday, but in the end he went mad, hitting and biting them and finally scaring them away." Dai Youmeng shook his head. "We only found out afterwards that he was afraid of others stealing his job away from him. If he does not have this job, he will starve to death after leaving the [Light Palace]. It doesn't matter how much we explain it to him, and in the end, there wasn't anyone else that dared to go and help him.”

"That's right, afterwards everyone grew to be aware of his temperament..." Liu Jingyan added.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything, continuing onwards.

The true palace of the [Light Palace] should be at the end of this forest of fire trees.

As they continued to walk, the fire attribute in the air grew stronger and stronger.

When they were near the end of the fire tree forest, the scorching energy within the air was enough to make a withered log instantly catch on fire. The surging heat wave that faced them, caused them to have a mistaken sensation that they were in a sea of fire.

This was absolutely not the power of the fire trees.

With inner yuan protecting around Ye Qingyu, he left the forest. A black stone building that could not be said to be large appeared in his sight.

This stone palace did not have any specialities. It was classical, like a large stone house. There was not any stuff like statues or decoration, without a dome and did not have formation light emitting from it. The only things it had was a massive entrance at the very front, but it did not have a door and there seemed to be another entrance at the side. It was not clear what there was inside the main palace because it was floating around twenty meters above the ground.

It was a floating stone palace.

There was approximately another hundred white steps similarly floating in the air that formed undulating stairs, extending from the ground into the entrance of the stone palace.

The humongous and terrifying surge of heat was namely emitted from the palace in front of them.

More precisely, it was emitted from the base of this palace.

There was a visible fire energy that constantly struck the base of the stone palace like a volcano.

Ye Qingyu closed the distance.

This time he could see it even more clearly.

"It was like this?"

Seeing this scene, Ye Qingyu was somewhat taken aback.

Because below the palace, it was not truly ground beneath it. It was a humongous pit that was around hundreds of meters wide.

The bottom of the pit could not be seen. When you stood at the edge and looked down, you could see a purple-coloured magma fire that was roaring and boiling like nether springs through layer after layer of scorching red energy waves. At the same time, there was an earth splitting crackling and explosion, as if there was some peerlessly terrifying vicious beast hidden within the fires of the earth, causing one to pale with fear.

How could this be possible?

The pit was really connected to the fires of the earth that existed in the limitless depths of the world.

Ye Qingyu had his mouth opened in shock.

Accoding to the legends, Snow Capital was constructed on a glacier that had existed for countlesss years. In such a bitterly cold place, why would there suddenly be an Earth Fire spring? If the earth fires had any activity and exploded, even the entire capital would instantly be enshrouded by fire and perish. How could there be such a little Earth Fire spring here?

This was somewhat hard to believe.

"It's your first time coming here, Lord?" The Dai Youmeng saw Ye Qingyu's expression, then smiled.

Ye Qingyu did not turn his head to regard them.

Dai Youmeng clasped his hands, "Lord, you may not know this, but this underground fire nether spring in front of us was said to be created by the existence that founded the [Light Palace]. HIs sword pierced the ground, stabbing through countless layers, and incited the fires of the earth. His peerless sword will and power created such a pit. After even a hundred years, there will still be a small portion of earth fire that is emitted..."

A sword strike that pierced through the countless shells and layers?

This... what was that kind of power?

A Bitter Sea stage expert could not do this. Even legendary Heaven Ascension stage experts, may not be able to do such thing?

The shock on Ye Qingyu's expression deepened further.

So it had such a history.

It was the work of that truly legendary peerless War God.

Until today, Ye Qingyu had heard far too many people describing the actions of that person. Every single one of these stories were like the actions of a deity. Every time someone mentioned him, their tone would be filled with admiration and worship, like they were speaking about a heavenly person. It caused there to be a near irrepressible curiosity towards this War God in Ye Qingyu's heart.

It was a pity that this miracle person had already disappeared.

It was rumoured that he had perished.

But for an existence that was so near being a god, just how could he perish?

Perhaps there was some sort of secret hidden in the history of Snow Empire’s founding?

Looking at the Earth Fire spring in front of him and listening to it's roars, it seemed as if they were the howls of a Fiendgod that belonged to another world. According to the legends, the passageways that led to the other domains could potentially be hidden within the fires of the earth. There was a thought that occurred to Ye Qingyu, if he jumped into this Earth Fire spring, would it be possible for him to find the Domain Gates?

"Within this Earth Fire spring, there exists flame demonic beasts from the Upper Ancient Age. There had once been people who had seen them appear, they are a breed that is terrifyingly destructive and likes killing. They are all slumbering and rarely appears..." Liu Jingyan stood beside the sword pit, seeming somewhat apprehensive and did not dare near it at all like Ye Qingyu.

Dai Youmeng was also like such.

The broad faced Yan Hengshui was somewhat nearer than the other two.

Ye Qingyu stood and looked by the edge of the sword pit for a while, sensing the dense fire attribute energy in the air, making him feel somewhat uncomfortable.

Because what he cultivated in was the ice attribute inner yuan, he was being subconsciously rejected in such an environment with such a heavy concentration of fire attribute. His strength was even somewhat a little suppressed.

He turned and slowly walked towards those floating steps.

At the beginning of the stone steps, there was a statue.

The statue was not any taller than one meter. It was not human shaped, but in the shape of a monkey.

It was a very martial monkey.

This monkey wore armour around him, letting out a glorious aura. Every detail from top to bottom was increasingly intricate, even the fur on his body was extremely clear. HIs expression had a semblance of authority with anger, and was extremely life-like, as if he would awaken at any moment. There was a pale golden war staff in his hands, and the shape of this war staff was also intricate and beautiful. There was a dragon soaring and climbing on it's two sides. Looking at it, it caused people to not help but extend their hands and grab the war staff into their hands.

"This was once the battle companion of that existence. It's said to be a Spirit monkey with unfathomable strength. He had once ran rampant in the age of sects. According to the rumours, the Soaring Golden Dragon staff had even defeated experts at the Heaven Ascension stage. Afterwards, he disappeared along with that existence. This statue is something the divine craftsman created for the Spirit monkey to protect the [Light Palace] because that existence was once in closed isolation within the palace..."

Liu Jingyan quickly rushed over and respectfully explained.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

This was the battle companion of that existence?

For a battle companion to be able to defeat experts at the Heaven Ascension stage, then just what cultivation would his master be at?

But after hearing so many legends and rumours about that person, Ye Qingyu slowly adjusted to it and did not find it so strange anymore.

He closely examined this Spirit monkey statue, then headed towards the floating stone steps.

Liu Jingan and Dai Youmeng looked like they saw a ghost as they stood behind, paling as they cried out, "Lord, wait..."

Ye Qingyu turned to give them a glance.

"Lord, are you wanting to ascend the stone steps?" Liu Jingyan enquired.

"Of course," Ye Qingyu nodded matter of factly. "As the Lord of the Light Palace, do you think I should not enter into the true [Light Palace] to have a look? It is said that this stone palace is the true location where the Lord of the Light Palace rules from."

"This is right, but..." Liu Jingyan seemed like he wanted to say something, somewhat hesitant.

Dai Youmeng also seemed conflicted, as if there were some words that were hard to utter.

Ye Qingyu was curious.

"Just what is this?" Ye Qingyu asked with a frown.

The two stuttered and stammered.

Yan Hengshui by the side directly open his mouth. saying, "Lord you may not know, but these floating stone steps towards the [Light Palace] have already not been passed in over a hundred years. No one can walk though it all. The Spirit monkey statue is protecting it by testing everyone who comes here. Apart from that existence, the Lords of the Light Palace in the past have no way of entering into the stone palace. There were people who once forcefully attempted to bypass the stone steps, but ultimately ended up in an utterly sorry state..."

"Test?" Ye Qingyu asked strangely. "What kind of test?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 400:


"According to the legends, within this Spirit Monkey statue, there is a shred of consciousness left behind by the battle companion. Only if this shred of consciousness recognizes that person can they step onto the stone steps and enter into the true [Light Palace]..." Yan Hengshui said. "From the beginning, the reason that the [Light Palace] had deteriorated to such an extent had a large part to do with this test. The past Lords of the Light Palace had no way of obtaining it's recognition and could not enter into the divine palace. Therefore it caused the energy required for the formations to be able to fluctuate properly within the City of Light to decrease in strength year by year, and it has weakened to such a degree today."

The Envoy of Light that came from a military background had a straightforward temperament. He would not mince his words and did not make any concealment of the matter.

"So it was like this..." This was the first time that Ye Qingyu had heard of this. After thinking it over, something strange occurred to him. He asked, "It shouldn't be. If this Spirit monkey was once the battle companion of that founding Lord of the Light Palace as well as the protector of the Palace, it should be part of the [Light Palace]. Why would it not allow other Lords to enter? This doesn’t make sense.”

On Liu Jingyan and Dai Youmeng’s faces, there was a strange colour that appeared.

Yan Hengshui still said very straightforwardly, "Because of the existence of the person that created the [Light Palace], that is to say the first Lord of the Light Palace. He had once said something: that the future Lords of the [Light Palace] has to be chosen by the previous Lord of the Light Palace. The Imperial family and the miltiary cannot interfere. But before the first Lord could choose his successor, he disappeared. Afterwards, the future Lords were all appointed by the Snow Emperor, but they were all rejected by the will of this Spirit statue.”

"So it was like this."

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu thought about his own position as the Lord of the Light Palace. Since he was also appointed by the Imperial family, then did this represent that he would also be pushed away by the will within the Spirit monkey?

"It is only a shred of consciosness from a battle companion. Is there no way to break or solve it?" Ye Qingyu asked again.

Snow Empire was currently the number one power within Heaven Wasteland Domain. Although there were many internal struggles and turmoil, but there were still countless extraordinary people and geniuses appearing. The current Snow Emperor was also a terrifying extreme level expert. For a shred of consciousness that a battle companion Spirit monkey left behind to trouble them like so. Could it not be erased or destroyed, that it would be able to defy the Imperial Edict until today?

"If they were able to get rid of it, they would long have." Liu Jingyang said with a bitter smile. "It was said that the consciousness of the Spirit monkey great injured the second Lord after ejecting him from the main palace. According to the rumours, the Snow Emperor was enraged and acted personally, coming to this forest of fire trees himself. However, no one knows what happened. The Snow Emperor at that time stayed behind for six hours alone in the fire tree forest, and then left. The consciousness from the battle companion Spirit monkey still remained. From then on, the Imperial family has not concerned itself over this matter. The other Lords of the Light Palace appointed by the Imperial family all could not step onto the floating steps, so they had no way of entering into the true [Light Palace].”

"That's right, there had since been prodigous experts accepting the position of Lord and attempted to forcefully break through the floating stone steps. But ultimately they all retreated, vomiting blood. They were all prideful and arrogant fellows and would rather die rather thanretreat. They were sent directly into the sword pit that led to the Earth Fire spring and turned into ashes. That’s why we were trying to persuade you just now..." Dai Youmeng explained respectfully.

Ye Qingyu finally completely understood.

Seeing the hesitant expression of the two, evidently they did not know how to persuade Ye Qingyu into not attempting to pass through the floating stone steps. They were worried about his brashness of youth. However, if they spoke the true reason, they were worried it would invoke his will to challenge and firm his resolve to pass through the stone steps to the palace. This would ultimately caused him to be injured by the consciousness within the Spirit monkey statue, and slap his own face.

But if they did not act or speak, they were worried that it would draw his wrath later.

Although Liu Jinyan and Dai Youmeng’s strength was not weak, but they specialized more in interacting and reading others. They were not as stupidly straightforward as Yan Hengshui, evidently these two were experienced people amongst political affairs.

Ye Qingyu smiled, not saying much. His gaze once again returned to the Spirit monkey statue.

Apart from seeing it’s extremely life-like appearance, there was not any shred of energy coming from the statue. It was not too different from a normal statue, how could it block the Snow Emperor at that time?

There was a will to compete rising in Ye Qingyu's heart.

He lightly took a step forward, heading towards the stone steps.

"Lord!"

"Lord, reconsider!"

Liu Jingyan and Dai Youmeng let out an exclamation.

Ye Qingyu did not turn back, his footsteps halting slightly. "What's there to afraid of? I'm not forcefully breaking through it, I'm only going to test the power of that shred of consciousness from the Spirit monkey statue. If I really cannot progress, I will naturally return."

As he said this, he took another step forward.

At this time, he was already in front of the first step of the floating stone steps.

The Spirit monkey stone statue did not seem to have any reaction.

The gaze of Liu Jingyan and the other experts were fixated on Ye Qingyu, making preparations to act.

Ye Qingyu deeply breathed in.

He lifted his leg.

His leg landed.

His right leg landed on the first step of the stone steps.

Liu Jingyan, Dai Youmeng as well as Yan Hengshui had energy and light fluctuating around their bodies, preparing to receive and take Ye Qingyu away.

But---

Nothing happened whatsoever.

The Spirit monkey statue did not do anything.

Ye Qingyu paused slightly, his yuan qi activated to it's extreme, all his mental energy focused and prepared. Then he slowly lifted his left leg, landing on the first step of the floating stone steps.

"Be careful Lord!“

"Quickly retreat!"

Yan Hengshui and the other three cried lightly.

But in reality, nothing had happened.

The Spirit monkey stone statue still silently stood next to the stone steps, without any fluctuation of energy

Ye Qingyu stood stably on the stone steps.

He turned his head to look at Liu Jingyan and the others, confusion filling his gaze. According to the words of the three, if the Spirit monkey statue did not permit someone to step onto the floating steps, they would be struck backwards. But why was it that now, he did not feel any pressure from any power or energy?

Below.

Liu Jingyan and the Envoys of Light stood where they were.

In the eyes of the three, a disbelief was present in it, as if they saw a ghost in the daylight.

This... just what was this?

The three had once personally seen the previous new Lord that came last time. He had also been filled with confidence as he stepped onto the stone steps. But before he had even taken a step onto the first floating stone step, the Spirit monkey stone statue had suddenly opened it's eyes. An indescribably powerful energy had exploded and struck on the body of that Lord. A Bitter Sea stage expert at the Bitter River level could not even make any reaction whatsoever. He was sent flying by several hundred meters, spitting out blood as he was heavily injured. He had to recuperate for a year before he was healed, but even then there were still complications in his injury...

That terrifying scene caused the three Envoys of Light to shiver with fear even now when reminiscing about that incident.

Bu right now...

That young new Lord had already taken his first step on the floating stone statues. Why had the destructive Spirit monkey not reacted to this in the slightest?

Facing the questioning gaze of Ye Qingyu as he regarded them, the three did not know how to respond at this time.

At this time, Ye Qingyu had taken another further step forward carefully, arriving at the second floating step.

Everything was calm.

The fire tree forest let out lonely sounds of wind blowing through it.

Nothing happened whatsoever.

Ye Qingyu deeply breathed in, taking step after step as he went higher.

Every step was exceedingly slow and stable.

Step by step...

After fifteen minutes, Ye Qingyu was still only at the thirty-sixth step.

After stepping on the slightly floating and wavering stone step, it would become incomparably stable and steady. It would not move in the slightest, as if it was on the ground. But when he lowered his head, through the large crevice between the steps, he could see purple magma madly boiling and surging within the Earth Fire sword pit. The magma took on different forms, as if it was a Fiendgod with life, madly struggling and roaring, as if it wanted to rush out from the sword pit, but was firmly supressed underground by a mysterious power...

Faintly, Ye Qingyu could sense that there was a faint sword aura fluctuating around.

A sword power that he was somewhat famiiar with.

"It's similar to the [Human King Sword Mantra], but it's of a different attribute..."

Ye Qingyu felt somewhat curious.

But his steps did not stop, taking step after step towards the great palace at the end of the steps…

Liu Jingyan, Dai Youmeng and Yan Hengshui below felt that their brains were not enough to explain what they witnessed.

What was happening?

Why... was there nothing happening?

The three looked towards the Spirit monkey statue, then looked at Ye Qingyu on the floating stone steps. There were expressions of disbelief exploding in their gaze.

"Could it be at long last, the consciousness within the Spirit monkey statue has already dispersed without us noticing?" Liu Jingyan said hesitantly.

"It's possible..." Dai Youmeng took a gulp, wetting his somewhat dry lips. "You can go try."

Liu Jingyan made a sound of agreement subconsciously, then turned and angrily glared at him, "What do you mean, do you want to kill me? Why don't you try?"

Dai Youmeng bit his teeth, "Your the one who said the consciousness in the Spirit monkey has dispersed...”

As the two argued, Yan Hengshui had already made his decision as he stood by the side. He took large strides towards the floating stone steps, wanting to find out the truth by using his own body as a test.

But when he was before the floating stone steps and his right leg was still raised without taking a step forward, the Spirit monkey that had not moved whatsoever suddenly opened it's eyes. A shred of scarlet red light shot from between the crevice of its eyelids...

That horrifying apocalyptic power once again descended.

Yan Hengshui was shocked. Even if he had long made preparations and retreated at the first instant, he was still shot at in the chest by that ray of light.

Kahcha!

The sound of bone breaking could be heard.

Yan Hengshui let out a jet of blood, flying tens of meters backwards. Landing on a fire tree, he limply fell to the ground. He had to rely on the branch of a fire tree for support to gradually get up. There was shock that filled his eyes as he stared fixedly at Ye Qingyu's back as he ascended the floating stone steps...

Liu Jingyan and Dai Youmeng were also simliarly stunned.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

