Chapter 657:


Chapter 675, Demon Congress



The third day.



There was a silver cold light emitting from the Xuan Ice Prism on the Xuan Ice Demon Tower.

Between the flickering light patterns, a tremendous demon figure walked out.

“Palace Lord Ye, the Demon King said that it is time,” this demon figure said in a respectful tone of voice.

It was Deputy General White Bear Demon of the Southern Incline army.

“Good.”

Deep in the main hall, among a vast white icy mist cloud, clad in a white jade-like robe and with waterfall-like black hair, Ye Qingyu slowly walked out.

Deputy General White Bear Demon was taken aback for a moment.

For some reason, he could not sense the slightest aura from the human expert before him. As though he existed in the icy mist, integrated into one with it, and as though the bitterly cold ice around was originally formed from the aura of Palace Lord Ye. The Deputy General White Bear Demon was filled with disbelief. The cultivation boundary of this human expert was far beyond him. Facing him, even a warrior of the Snow Ground Demon Race like the White Bear Demon could not help the fear from coming over him.

“Lord... Palace Lord Ye, please come with me.”

The brave warrior who kept a straight face even in the face of millions of enemies was unexpectedly affected by this invisible strange force. There was a hint of panic inside him. Hurriedly turned to lead the way and dared not say anything.

Ye Qingyu calmly followed behind WhiteBear Demon and left the Xuan Ice Demon Tower.

He walked along the main road paved with ice crystals towards the Southwest.

The Demon Palace was the main palace of the Snow Ground Demon King, and its numerous buildings were constructed from ice and snow. The stretch of snowy white was magnificent and exceptionally beautiful. After bypassing the third palace, and climbing the dozens of icy and rocky steps, an extremely majestic and solemn palace appeared before Ye Qingyu.

The palace was the largest of the twelve demon palaces that Ye Qingyu had seen along the way.

At the entrance of the palace there were two over one-hundred-meter-tall ice crystal Snow Dragons hovering in the air, radiating a majestic and imposing power.

Whether it was the dragon horns, dragon whiskers, dragon scales, or dragon claws, all were sculpted realistically, like a living animal. In the pair of dragon eyes, which were looking down from a height, there were unexpectedly two silvery light beams, flashing with demon marking formations.

And the whole palace was constructed from a very complete piece of thousand-year-old ice.

The top of the palace was carved with a number of demon ancestor totems and statues, and different demonic patterns were flickering with differing colours that were connected, bright and colourful, and shrouded the entire hall.

Ye Qingyu, under the leadership of White Bear Demon, walked towards the main palace hall.

There were demon elites stationed at every ten meters on both sides of the steps.

All these demon guards looked at Ye Qingyu with a very strange look.

Before Ye Qingyu had entered the main hall, he already felt the lingering tyrannical and extremely demonic aura. And at the same time a clamorous quarrel sounded from the main hall, like a chaotic tide, roaring and rumbling over. Even if it were an ordinary person, the clamorous quarrel inside could still be heard at the door.

“Commander Burning Snow was killed by the Human Race, and we have to agree to such conditions from them!?”

“Haha, you can't say it like that, Burning Snow was the pride of my Snow Ground Demon Race. He had always looked forward to the day when the Demon Race citizens can walk through Youyan Pass and receive better living land and territory. Now, the Human Race is willing to have a discussion, we can achieve his goal effortlessly. Why should we not agree to the proposal of the Human Race Crown Prince!”

“Humph, we should fight for the territory of my Demon Race, not to rely on other people's pity!”

“Haha, you snow wolves only think about fighting, but not think about how many of our Demon Races have died in war. Your Snow Wolf clan is able to have the status that you have today because of the sacrifice of our ordinary clans with their blood, bones, and flesh.”

“Would the Demon God allow us to surrender to the Human Race?”

“This is not surrender, but mutually agreeing to help each other.”

Ye Qingyu was extremely calm when he heard what was said.

In such a pot of boiling oil like atmosphere, he was not anxious and slowly strode into the main hall.

The main palace hall was extremely empty.

On the Xuan Ice ground there were a number of square stone stools scattered over the area.

About three thousand or four thousand strong demons of all sorts of strange forms were similarly sitting on the stone stools, arguing heatedly. Ye Qingyu had only swept his eyes across, but he was already aware that these should be the leaders of the 72 main clans of the Snow Ground Demon Race and other sub-clans. It could be said that all the important people of the Snow Ground Demon Race were all gathered in this hall.

Most of these clan leaders maintained the physical characteristics of their clan. Some were similar looking to a tiger and a leopard, some similar to a sheep and a deer, some were enormous, and some only the size of a human fist, and some were shrouded in dark snow and fog... All sorts of bizarre looking creatures gathered together in a spectacular sight.

Given their strength, to transform into human form was of course no difficulty to them.

But for most demons, preserving their unique characteristics was a means of maintaining clan pride and a sense of identity. This was especially so for such occasions.

Of course, even more spectacular was the aura emitted from these demon leaders. There was a powerful demonic aura, like a number of pythons and dragons spiralling around above the hall, producing low roars that shook the air, and transforming into different strange shapes. It was as if the strange beast was about to choose people to kill at any time.

And in the deepest part of the main palace hall, floating about ten meters above the ground, the ice throne was where old Demon King sat quietly with his chin propped in one hand, overlooking the clan leaders below. His eyes were calm and still like water, with no expression on his face, letting the leaders quarrel heatedly and did not interfere. No one knew what he was thinking.

The arrival of Ye Qingyu soon attracted the attention of some demon leaders.

A strange gaze with hostility was instantly cast towards Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu did not speak, as though he did not see them, and simply strode toward the center of the main hall.

Increasingly, more demon leaders had noticed the foreign Human Race visitor.

Then the sound of quarrels in the hall lessened and began to fade.

The clan leaders who were originally flushing with anger from arguing were all astonished to see Ye Qingyu. Among the thousands of important figures of the Demon Race, only a few well-informed ones and some of the trusted aides of the Snow Ground Demon King knew that Ye Qingyu had arrived at the Demon God Snow Mountain three days ago. The majority had a look of shock and horror twisted across their faces. They could not figure out why, on such an occasion, in such a place, there would be a human martial artist.

“You... who are you?” A giant rat-looking demon clan leader sprang up and pointed at Ye Qingyu, his tone surprised, “Are you a human being? You looking for death... How did this human appear in the Demon God Palace?”

“Somebody, take him down.”

“Hey, guards, why are you standing there, take him down, just use him as an offering to avenge Burning Snow.”

There were clan leaders who were silent and angry.

“Shut up, the Lord of the Light Palace is an honoured guest of his majesty.”

“Palace Lord Yu arrived three days ago. The reason he came is to give an explanation about the death of Burning Snow, let’s not get too agitated.”

There was also a clan leader who loudly tried to explain.

These clan leaders were of course the trusted aides of the Snow Ground Demon King.

And what they had said was the Snow Ground Demon King's arrangement.

The quarrel that ceased because of the arrival of Ye Qingyu, in the blink of an eye, broke out again. But the focus of the quarrel this time had shifted from disagreeing with the Human Race Crown Prince's proposal to disagreeing that Ye Qingyu should be executed.

If it were other people——even a powerful figure like Lin Zheng, in the face of such a scene, he would most likely be shaken. But for the current Ye Qingyu, the quarrels and roars of these Snow Demon clan leaders were no different to a group of children sobbing and screaming.

The difference in strength was too great.

He came to a stop hundreds of meters from the ice throne.

And the Snow Ground Demon King, who had kept silent all this time, finally slowly sat up and opened his mouth for the first time, his voice was low and full of indisputable majesty, “Quiet.”

It was only one word.

But it made the main hall indeed fall into utter silence.

The Snow Ground Demon King had ruled the Snow Ground Demon Race for nearly a century, and had very high prestige.

“Human, keep your promise and hand over the murderer who killed the Burning Snow.” The voice of the Snow Ground Demon King echoed across the hall.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

He lifted his hand and tore gently into the air.

The action was slow and there was nothing unusual.

But all the demon clan leaders in the hall, at this moment, had an abrupt change of expression.

Because with Ye Qingyu's action, a strong aura enough to make their hearts shudder began to surge, instantly filling the whole hall. The thousand wisps of demonic aura that were originally tumbling in the main hall were completely suppressed, vanishing like smoke in the air.

Slice!

It was like the sound of torn paper.

The void wall barrier was ripped open into dozens of-meter-long cracks.

This scene was exactly the same as when Ye Qingyu captured the Ancient Demons in Youyan Pass. Opposite the crack in the void, was an ice and snow cave, where two people were sitting cross-legged as though they were recovering. These two people were dressed in an extremely simple fashion, and not the style of clothing worn among the Human Race of the current Heaven Wasteland Domain. Like old monsters that had crawled out of the coffin. They were surrounded by a dense and powerful cloud of yuan qi, that even through the ice and snow cave, was clearly felt. The many Snow Demon clan leaders were utterly shocked.

“It's them...”

The White Bear Demon was the first to roar out.

The white bear fur of the Deputy General of the Southern Incline army stood on its ends like steel needles. The white demonic aura inside his body could no longer be contained, frantically broke out, and he fell into a state of madness, indescribable anger bubbling up in his body. With a thunderous roar, he wanted to charge across the crack——





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 658:


Chapter 676, Below there is an old friend of mine



As a Deputy General of Commander Burning Snow for decades, his most trusted right hand, White Bear Demon was the one most loyal to Burning Snow and they had the closest relationship. Besides the relatives of Burning Snow, the one who was the most upset and indignant with Burning Snow's death was him. Otherwise, he would not have frantically commanded the entire Southern Incline army to attack Youyan Pass.

When Commander Burning Snow was assassinated, White Bear Demon was not far away. His eyes cracked upon witnessing the process, but he failed to catch the murderer. He could not forgive himself, and after that, the murderer had disappeared without a trace. There was no way he could avenge him, and so he blamed himself every day.

At this time, to see the murderer again, Deputy General White Bear Demon almost erupted.

Even if he were no match for the two Human Race experts, he would still fight with his life.

And from White Bear Demon's reaction, the other demon clan leaders immediately knew that the two Human Race experts opposite were indeed the people who killed Burning Snow. The White Bear family was known for its loyalty and genuineness, and White Bear Demon was the most prominent and bravest warrior in his family, known for his honesty. Even if he were to pretend, it certainly wouldn’t be this realistic.

Ye Qingyu's power was blooming, pushing White Bear Demon to one side.

At the same time, he lifted his hand and performed a grabbing motion in the air.

[Supreme Ice Flames] transformed into a giant silver blazing hand, penetrating through the space cracks, and directly sealed and dragged the two shocked Human Race experts through the space-time cracks, slamming them to the ground of the main palace hall.

Two strands of silver flame like silver ropes twisted around the two demons.

“You... who are you?” the Human Race expert roared with shock and anger.

He could not believe that, even with his cultivation, he was dragged and captured by the powerful force without resistance. Thousands of years ago, he was already regarded as an invincible existence in Heaven Wasteland Domain... Could that young man be the incarnation of a Fiendgod?

The other scarlet red-haired man was more well-informed. Suddenly it dawned on him, “It's you, you are Ye Qingyu, you... your strength is so powerful, you are helping the Demon Race to catch us, you’re taking the side of the enemy.”

Ye Qingyu didn't respond.

He turned to White Bear Demon, saying, “I leave them to you. I also deeply regret Burning Snow's death. Your Ancient Demons also attacked my Youyan Pass. This matter, let’s leave it at that. The Youyan army and the Southern Incline army do not owe each other anything.”

White Bear Demon gradually calmed himself down, awakening from the state of madness.

Looking again at Ye Qingyu, he became incredibly respectful. In accordance with the etiquette of the Demon Race, he respectfully bowed to Ye Qingyu and said, “I have vowed that, who catches the murderer of Commander, my White Bear family will be willing to listen to his orders, help him out three times with the power of the whole family. Although you are a human, I will not go against my words. Palace Lord Ye, thank you.”

At this time, in the whole hall, there was almost no noise.

Ye Qingyu had sealed the strength and voices of the two experts of the ancient sects. They were unable to utter a word.

And the other thousands of demon clan leaders, witnessing the terrifying power of Ye Qingyu, were also trembling with fear, speechless. The Demon Race was inherently brave, and if they came across an expert, they would never act so weak. However, the strength and methods that Ye Qingyu had shown were too frightening and strong, so strong that it made them shudder. This was an instinctive reverence.

Ye Qingyu handed over the two Human Race experts to White Bear Demon. He did not say anything else, and directly left the main palace hall.

The thousands of demon clan leaders watched the departure of the Human Race War God.

There was silence in the main hall.

The stillness of the atmosphere, if people did not know, would have thought that a ceremony to commemorate the Demon God was being held in the main hall. It was as solemn and sacred as the son of god was being coronated.

It wasn’t until the white-clothed and black-haired man slowly strode away from the main hall, and disappeared in the sun outside the main entrance, that the demon clan leaders were able to breathe a sigh of relief. That towering mountain that seemed to be pressing down on their head was finally gone.

The demon experts were all speechless with shock.

The quarrels and discussions from before seemed to have become meaningless.

Even the most foolish and stubborn demon expert, at this moment, also would understand that under the incomparably tyrannical strength of the Human Race War God, they could only bow their head before him and accept his arrangements. Otherwise, waiting for Snow Ground Demon Race was complete extinction from this domain.

And those who were previously furious at the Snow Ground Demon King's decision all suddenly understood the old Demon King.

More importantly, they suddenly felt that the conditions proposed by the Human Race Crown Prince, if carefully thought over, were indeed very favorable to the Demon Race. They should try to accept them. Perhaps, as the Snow Ground Demon King had said, this choice would bring prosperity to the Demon Race.

Sitting high on the ice throne, Snow Ground Demon King curved his lips.

He knew that the biggest obstacle had been eliminated.

It was completely eliminated with the shocking strength of Ye Qingyu.

Today, the reason why he allowed the Human Race War God to, in front of so many demon clan leaders, capture and kill the murderer of Burning Snow, in addition to giving the Demon Race an explanation, was to let all the impulsive and reckless demon leaders see what his real power was. It was to let them understand what kind of existence determined and dominated the Heaven Wasteland Domain, let them lower their blind and arrogant heads, throw away their ignorance and self-esteem, and begin to seriously think about the survival of the whole Demon Race.

Of course, there was a hint of reluctance in the Snow Ground Demon King's heart.

The era that belonged to him, it was over.

The era that belonged to the Snow Ground Demon Race was also over.

From now on, the ruler of Heaven Wasteland Domain was born.

It was not the Empress of the Human Race who was about to ascend to the throne.

……

After walking out of the Demon Race main palace hall, Ye Qingyu did not stop again, and directly left the Demon God Snow Mountain.

All the things he had to do were all done.

The following matters, would need the old Demon King himself to plan and implement.

As for how Yan Buhui was going to ascend to the Demon King throne, how to persuade the demon clan leaders to accept Lu Heng, these matters did not require Ye Qingyu’s concern——If the old Demon King was unable to settle these matters, then his hundred years of the Snow Ground Demon Racerule really was just a joke.

With Ye Qingyu's current strength, he could travel back to Youyan Pass with one thought.

……

Once he returned to Youyan Pass, Ye Qingyu was not in a hurry to leave.

He took Luo Yi and Ye Congyun with him to patrol the city and examine the formations again. He selected some defense formations in the ancient bronze book suitable for the border fortress, and further strengthened the defensive ability of Youyan Pass.

In addition, he then selected more than ten secret places and set up some special formations.

When necessary, the defense could be used in an offensive, and at the same time produce a warning alert that Ye Qingyu could perceive.

It was a kind of a precaution.

After some rearrangement, coupled with the original formation that had been constantly strengthen by formation masters for decades, the formation of Youyan Pass was able to resist even the attacks of Heaven Ascension experts.

Early morning of the second day.

The morning light at the edge of the snowy border was white and soft. The snowy mist gradually thinned. Like being washed by spring water, the clear blue sky set off against the snow field was incomparably bright

After Ye Qingyu said farewell to Lu Zhaoge and the others, he once again activated the Light Palace to rise again.

The palace sailed towards the Northeast direction, the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race.

He stood at the entrance of the main palace hall, overlooking the landscape and rivers below.

“Palace Lord, Spiritual Elder and your battle pet have not returned yet,” the new bodyguard, Luo Yi, stood on the steps outside the palace and cautiously reminded him.

“Spiritual Elder?!” Ye Qingyu exclaimed, then immediately blushed with shame.

He suddenly remembered that day in Deer City, the drunk Old Fish vigorously pulled Luo Yi over to talk with him about his glorious success. Then he clutched onto Luo Yi's armour, making a fuss that Luo Yi must call him the super invincible inspiration king.”

“Don't worry, in Heaven Wasteland Domain, there is no place that they cannot enter or leave. Let them do as they please.”

Ye Qingyu gently shook his head, a faint smile on his face, as he gently caressed a sea blue jade pendant that was similar in shape to a water droplet in his hand.

……

Half a day later.

The Light Palace, which cut through the clouds, finally slowed to a stop, hiding above the clouds in the sky.

Below was a stretch of lush land.

This was the territory of the Snow Empire, and they were nearing the Northeast province of the empire.

Below was a range of mountains extending endlessly.

And between the mountains was a very strange landscape. From afar, the features of the mountains were like a beautiful six-petal crape myrtle flower blooming among the violet mist. The jade-coloured mountains around resembled a slightly clenched huge palm, and protected in the palm of the hand was a noble flower radiating a violet glow.

Ye Qingyu turned to Luo Yi, asking, “Below should be the Violet Spiritual Mountain.”

Luo Yi carefully observed around, cupped one fist in the other and bowed his head, answering firmly, “Reporting to Palace Lord, it is indeed Crepe Myrtle Sect's Violet Spiritual Mountain.”

When they were still in the imperial capital, Ye Qingyu had briefly told Luo Yi the itinerary of this trip and the places they would pass by. Therefore, Luo Yi dared not to slack off and spent a few nights to memorize the areas of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

“Well, Violet Spiritual Mountain is the mountain gate of Crepe Myrtle Sect. There is an old friend of mine in this sect. I will just drop by to see him. You guys rest in the palace, I will go see an old friend and will return in an hour,” Ye Qingyu said.

Luo Yi and the others responded hastily.

Ye Qingyu took a few steps forward, before his body gradually faded, like a silver light screen, and then disappeared in front of the palace.



……



……



The foothills of Violet Spiritual Mountain.

He had just stepped into the mountain path, and could already hear the murmur of running water, the clear spring waterfall flowing through the gaps of rocks, and the splashes of water. A thin layer of mist was curling between the woods, like a layer of gauze swaying in the wind.

Some light pink and varying violet-coloured crepe myrtle flowers only slightly revealed the sharp corners of its bud, while some were in full boom. Under the verdant green leaves, they looked like butterflies hiding in the forest, colourful and delicate.

The roars of spiritual beasts in the depths of the mountainous forest and the cries of the spirit birds echoed one another, occasionally alarming the birds resting on the trees. The family of birds flapped their wings to fly, sprinkling a few petals of the crepe myrtle flowers like rain.

Ye Qingyu was neither fast nor slow, traveling along the winding mountainous road, while admiring the unique mountainous scenery, like an elegant scholar going on a walk in spring——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 659:


Chapter 677, The nervous Li Rui



The Crepe Myrtle Sect was ranked in the Three Sects and Three Schools of the Snow Empire, and was considered as one of the top forces among the Snow Empire's Human Race.

After hundreds of years of operation, Crepe Myrtle Sect’s mountain gate could be said to be the most heavily defended place in the world. Since the Battle of the Light Palace, the Crepe Myrtle Sect had begun to decline, but the skinny camel is bigger than a horse. Violet Spiritual Mountain was still a place that not any person could break into.

All of this, of course, was not a problem for Ye Qingyu.

From the beginning of the mountain gate, the formations that had been set up for hundreds of years and strengthened continuously around Crepe Myrtle Sect to protect the mountains were not triggered in the slightest. It was as if Ye Qingyu had passed through every formation like a breeze of mountain wind, and did not even provoke the slightest rippling of the formation.

Since the formation gave no warning, the people of the Crepe Myrtle Sect on the top of the mountain naturally did not sense anything.

Even on this road, there were a few disciples who brushed past Ye Qingyu but were unaware of his presence.

With Ye Qingyu’s current cultivation, as long as he did not wish to be found, even if the one with the highest status in Crepe Myrtle Sect passed by him, they would not notice his presence and even more could not sense his aura.

Ten minutes of time passed in a twinkling.

Ye Qingyu had reached near the top of the mountain.

Along the way, he took in the sights of Crepe Myrtle Sect and its mountains.

After taking the last of the ninety-nine steps, the towering main hall with a nine-ridge roof appeared before him.

The vermillion roof tiled main hall that was decorated with carved railings and marble steps was surrounded by a circle of thousand-year-old Crepe Myrtle trees, like the stars revolving around the moon.

The top of the main hall was towering into the clouds, as if to penetrate the sky, extending toward the endless void. The eaves of the eight edges were ornamented with a variety of carved ancient gods and beast statues, as though roaring to the sky or about to pounce forward, all vivid and lifelike.

And on both sides of the main hall, there were more than ten beautiful and finely decorated pavilions. The stone walls of these buildings were engraved with violet markings, as well as injected with different formations, exuding a slight swaying purple light.

At the front of all buildings and the main hall was a thousand meter public square paved with white jade slate.

The slates on the square were all very special. Every piece of white jade slate was delicately engraved with a flower pattern, similar to a formation marking, emitting a violet glow. The main hall was like a violet sea.

It could be said that the imposing manner of the Crepe Myrtle Sect's mountain gate was not much inferior to that of the Snow capital. But it had even more of a little magical air, like a fairyland.

But Ye Qingyu did not stop or slow down at all.

The person he was looking for was not here either.

After passing more than ten pavilions and offering temples, he then cut through the square in front of the Crepe Myrtle Sect’s main hall.

All along, Ye Qingyu didn't stop in the slightest.

After crossing the square, he walked towards the back of Violet Spiritual Mountain.

After the several winding stone footpaths, the view in front of him gradually turned somewhat mysterious and desolate.

The scattered bushes seemed to have not been tended in a long time, and the accumulated leaves were knee-deep.

That was when——

Ye Qingyu suddenly sensed something, a faint smile curved his lips, “That little guy is here.”

Then he moved his body, with a flash of light, blending with the mountain wind.

In the back mountain dojo.

This dojo covered an approximate forty meter area and was the first dojo set up by the Crepe Myrtle Sect's founder.

Hundreds of years ago, ever since the rise of the sects, the number of disciples had grown steadily and this dojo could no longer accommodate that many disciples. As a result, the Crepe Myrtle Sect had set up larger dojos in other places, and the first-generation dojo was gradually left unattended. Several years later, it had become a deserted place.

Ye Qingyu appeared on the edge of the dojo.

He stood on the slate road piled with fallen leaves, looking at the square stone platform in the middle of the dojo in the distance.

On the stone platform, there was a youngster currently training alone.

The youngster was slightly thin and weak-looking, and not very tall. Clad in the Crepe Myrtle Sect's low-level disciple clothes, the yuan qi he exuded during the cultivation was not strong at all. Probably no more than 30 Spirit springs. Moreover, the sword technique that he was practicing was only the Crepe Myrtle Sect's beginner [Violet Mist and Frost] technique. It was obvious that the plain and ordinary youngster did not have a very high status in Crepe Myrtle Sect.

The youngster in the middle of the dojo did not notice that there was a someone else in the dojo.

He was engrossed in training. His essence, qi, and spirit were in unity, as if he really was in battle with someone. As the sword power was flowing around, in the void, faint violet ink-like marks were twisting like spirit snakes. A few moments later, the youngster’s body had gradually begun to fuse together with the sword. He seemed to have turned into a flickering purple sword. The flow of air began to slow, and faintly, there was a hint of rhythm.

After a full ten minutes, the youngster had just finished practicing a whole set of sword techniques.

He unhurriedly withdrew the sword power, stood upright, his face slightly rosy, and then heaved a long sigh of relief.

“Good!” Ye Qingyu applauded.

His figure flashed like light, then appeared from a shadow.

“Who?!”

The youngster exclaimed, froze for a moment, then peered towards the direction of the voice. Seeing the figure in the flash of light, he increased his vigilance, but then all of a sudden he felt that the figure was a little familiar. A look of disbelief came to his eyes, and he sank into an extremely shocked and excited state.

He rubbed his eyes hard, as though he could not believe what he had just witnessed.

That white-clothed and black-haired figure... is it really him?

After the youngster had confirmed it over and over again, he finally exclaimed with a trembling voice, “You... You... Ye... You are Lord Ye!”

The simple and honest-looking youngster who was somewhat timid and clumsy was called Li Rui.

The reason that Ye Qingyu came today was for this youngster.

Back when the Demon Race attacked Youyan Pass, the unremarkable and ordinary Li Rui had twice caught Ye Qingyu’s attention. The first time, as a lower level Crepe Myrtle Sect disciple, when his beloved senior sister Nanhua was in danger, he shielded her with his body and was even willing to die for her. The second time, although seriously injured, he still defended the little girl Miao Xiu of the City of Unmoving Darkness.

From the youngster who did not flinch in the slightest when the sword pointed to the tip of his nose, Ye Qingyu saw bravery and fearlessness different from ordinary people.

Li Rui, because of fear, his legs were shaking and his teeth were chattering. But he still firmly stuck to his belief and strongly stood out. In the end, Ye Qingyu formed a strong impression towards this Li Rui, and later on had been paying close attention to him.

……

A moment later.

In the pavilion on the east side of the dojo.

Sitting upright on the stone stool, Li Rui was somewhat stiff and tensed.

He was full of respect and admiration for the graceful Lord Ye, who, radiated an invisible majestic and imposing manner even though he did not display the slightest fluctuation of yuan qi.

What he respected was Lord Ye's cultivation base, talent, ambition, and graceful manner. Especially after hearing the deeds of Lord Ye after he came to the Snow capital, the revival of the Light Place, the strength and combat power that he displayed in the ensuing battle, and was known as the strongest War God of Heaven Wasteland Domain. The Lord Ye who he had only met once before had become a god-like existence in Li Rui's heart.

But he was also afraid.

This was an instinctive feeling that the weak possessed towards the top experts in the martial arts world.

“How many years have you been in Crepe Myrtle Sect?” Ye Qingyu seemed to have noticed that Li Rui was nervous, gave a slight smile, and tried to ease the atmosphere.

“Reporting... to Lord Ye... Seven... Seven years...” Li Rui was a little annoyed at the fact that he would unconsciously stutter when he was nervous. He did not want to show such an embarrassing side of him in front of his idol, and desperately tried to encourage himself inside. He told himself not to panic, but the more he did so, somehow, the more his heart pounded faster, and his body seemed to be trembling uncontrollably all over.

“Seven years... so why are you still practicing a beginner sword technique?” Ye Qingyu asked with a smile.

“Lord... Lord Ye, Li Rui is stupid and slow... also it's only two years since I started practicing the sword... So...” He was still stuttering a little, but he looked much more steady than before.

“I remember seeing you at Youyan Pass, and you weren’t wielding a sword then. Why did you suddenly begin to practice the sword two years ago?” Ye Qingyu took a glimpse at the very weak beginner sword in his hand.

“Lord Ye... during that battle, your sword skills were very powerful and impressive... I... you... I want to practice the sword... so I can...” Li Rui said very cautiously. The white-clothed figure back then was etched in his mind like an idol- and god-like existence.

“Hahahaha... I see... good, good, the sword is the nobleman of martial arts weapons. Gentle but decisive. At the critical moment it can attack swiftly. Given your temperament, it is really suitable for you.” Ye Qingyu, with a smiling expression, appreciatively studying the youngster.

Was Lord Ye praising him for practicing the sword?

Li Rui grew more excited, but also increasingly tensed up.

He remembered the day when he was struck with demonic poison and was in critical danger. It was Lord Ye who saved him. Moreover, Lord Ye, in the face of an attack from a herd of demons, held his ground despite pressure or opposition, remaining confident, bold, and fearless.

That mentality and imposing manner were characteristics that Li Rui lacked and wished to have.

“Actually, you don't have to hide your strength like this...” Ye Qingyu stated in a very casual tone of voice.

Li Rui looked taken aback. He had only just steadied himself with great difficulty, but now he was unconsciously trembling up again, “Lord... Ye... you... already... you... already know... you... could tell?”

Ye Qingyu smiled, then nodded his head.

In fact, the moment that Ye Qingyu saw Li Rui, he had already discovered such a fact. Although the boy showed the strength of someone with 30 Spirit spring cultivation base, his real cultivation base had already reached the peak of the Bitter Sea boundary. But he was using some sort of method to very carefully conceal his true strength——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 660:


Chapter 678, New leader



In the following one hour, Ye Qingyu and Li Rui, who had gradually calmed down, were talking and joking.

From Li Rui's mouth, Ye Qingyu became more clearly aware of the state of Crepe Myrtle Sect, and the situation of a disciple like Li Rui.

Since the Battle of the Light Palace, the Patriarch of the Crepe Myrtle Sect and several elders of the large sects had fallen in succession. The Crepe Myrtle Sect, which occupied a high position before, plunged and could be described as unable to rise again after the setback.

During the past year, all the people in the sect were in a state of recovery and survival.

In particular, after the Patriarch died in battle, the position was left empty. The remaining senior elders had deliberated over the position many times, but because they were focused on personal gain, they fought endlessly, and constantly caused internal frictions, they were still unable to select the best candidate to inherit the sect.

And some of the chief disciples of the deceased elders who were eyeing the position of the Patriarch often fought each other in an overt and covert way, waiting for the opportunity to harm the potential candidates of becoming the successor. Therefore, the disciples with no hope of inheriting the sect simply formed cliques, divided into several groups of forces, and supported the disciple they expected to succeed the position. As a result, they naturally abandoned their cultivation training.

In addition, there were some disciples like Li Rui, who, during the great changes, concentrated on cultivation day and night. His strength rapidly progressed, but he had no intention to compete, so usually he deliberately concealed his real strength.

Ye Qingyu admired the youngster Li Rui a lot, Having heard what he said, he even more believed why after the changes of the heaven and earth, Li Rui will become the person of Crepe Myrtle Sect whose strength will improve the fastest.

Only a person of great wisdom would have such a free and calm temperament, and this mentality and power of understanding were extremely favourable for the cultivation of yuan qi. The right approach needed less effort and lead to better results.

For example, Yan Buhui. After he had returned to his loved one, his way of thinking was much gentler and his previous vicious tendencies were gone. In one leap he was almost stepping into the Immortal Step boundary. This could be regarded as a miracle.

Although Li Rui's aptitudes were not as good as Yan Buhui, having been training in Crepe Myrtle Sect over the years, his foundation was extremely solid and his mentality was good.

“Li Rui, listening to what you just said, Crepe Myrtle is now without a leader. Then what kind of person do you think should be the Patriarch?” Ye Qingyu asked indifferently, looking at the pavilion in front, where two long-tail red ibis were hovering, and slightly falling into a trance.

“Actually... senior brother Gaofeng is very good, he is a great disciple of the elder of the Conduct and Virtue Hall. He is strong and acts very decisively...” Li Rui gave a very serious answer, though his expression was somewhat hesitant.

“But?” Ye Qingyu did not turn his head back, still seriously staring at the red ibis chasing each other in the air.

“But... but... senior brother Gaofeng... the way he deals with matters... is... im... impatient.” Li Rui lowered his head and clutched the scabbard in his hand. No one could have made such words come out of his mouth had it not been for Ye Qingyu.

“Then do you think you can compete for the position of Crepe Myrtle Sect's Patriarch?” Ye Qingyu all of a sudden shifted his gaze, looking at Li Rui.

“Ah? Me?!” Startled and somewhat shocked, Li Rui waved his hand in a panic, “I can't, I don't have that qualification... I have neither the boldness and courage of senior brother Gao, nor the talent of the senior brother Yun. Both are extremely strong, and I have always been very cowardly... cowardly...”

Ye Qingyu looked at the anxious and slightly pale youngster, and gave a faint smile.

“Why undervalue yourself. Back then at the [Breeze and Drizzle building] when the other senior brothers were cowering back, you stood in front senior sister Nan Hua, and when you were seriously wounded you still protected your junior brothers. If this is not courage and boldness, then what is it? As for strength, your innate talent may not be as good as your senior brother Yun, but your temperament brings the opportunity for the enhancement of your cultivation that others could not even ask for.”

Li Rui was slightly dumbfounded, a look of disbelief in his eyes.

Lord Ye, just now, was he praising me?

His originally pale face reddened a little, and in a little trembling voice he explained, “Actually, I was... at that time... just feel like I should have done that... I didn't think too much...”

Ye Qingyu smiled, “You are wrong. In this world most people actually understand what and when to do, but rarely very few dare to stand up to do it. You do not fight with others, your heart is pure, but you have your own persistence and attitude in dealing with a matter. To dare to think and dare to do at the critical time is real fearlessness and courageousness.”

Ye Qingyu showed a hint of admiration.

“I...” At that moment, there was a look of hesitation on Li Rui’s blank face.

He seemed to have understood something in his mind, but it was still a little vague.

Ye Qingyu noticed his tangled and troubled expression, and after a second thought, added with a smile, “Don't you want to marry your senior sister Nan Hua?”

Li Rui, as though the thoughts at the bottom of his heart were read, suddenly very shyly blushed crimson from the cheek all the way to the ear and neck, like the long tail red ibis in midair.

Nervous, he responded with a fit of coughing like his chest was stuck with something, and his face was as red as though was bleeding, “Cough... Lord... cough, cough... I... Nan Hua... I...”

In fact, he wanted to tell Lord Ye that he wanted to marry Nan Hua and had always dreamed of this.

But he was well aware that senior sister Nan Hua had high standards and paid no attention to him.

Ye Qingyu looked at the youngster’s embarrassed face, and could not help laughing.

He certainly understood what it meant when Li Rui did not say anything, and understood all the worries of the cowardly youngster.

He had also seen Nan Hua in Youyan Pass before. He could already tell that although the woman was somewhat vain, her character was not bad. If guided, or perhaps with Li Rui's sincerity, she would understand the true meaning of love.

“Think again, if you were to succeed the Patriarch of the Crepe Myrtle Sect and become the leader of the sect, would senior sister Nan Hua still pay no attention to you?” Ye Qingyu suddenly changed the topic and decided to guide the youngster in front of him with another method.

Trying hard to calm himself down, when the uncontrollably coughing Li Rui heard the words of Lord Ye, he suddenly seemed to be lost in thought.

His mind emerged with that lively smile, that incomparably beautiful woman.

Maybe... if... I can... senior sister... she....

Li Rui seemed to have figured out something at this moment.

“Lord Ye, you are right, if I become the Patriarch, I am naturally worthy of senior sister Nan Hua, but...” He still was hesitant, as though worried about something else.

“Since you think I'm right, then trust me, come with me, and I'll make a decision for you.”

Ye Qingyu burst into loud laughter, reached out his hand to grab his arm, and with a flash the two figures immediately vanished from the pavilion.

That was when——

Boom!

Boom!

Boom!

Crepe Myrtle Sect’s Bright Cloud bell, which had not been rung for many years, was struck all of a sudden.

Three loud noises enough to tremble the mountains and rivers reverberated across sky, sending the whole Violet Spiritual Mountain quaking.

“What's going on?!”

“Who struck the bell?”

“Something happened on the mountain?”

“Quickly take a look at the square in front of Crepe Myrtle hall!”

All the elders and disciples on the whole Violet Spiritual Mountain were extremely shocked. One after another, they speeded towards the square before the Crepe Myrtle hall.

But in the middle of the hall, there was nobody near the Bright Cloud bell. Only a wisp of strange force gently twisted around the Bright Cloud bell, dissipating.

“Look! On the Cloud Ascension platform!” one of the disciples exclaimed in disbelief.

Everyone was so shocked that they immediately turned to the Cloud Ascension platform East of the square.

A figure clothed in a moon white robe, exuding an Immortal-like air, tall and perfectly straight, was leading a lower level Crepe Myrtle Sect disciple up the steps. Their pace was steady and firm as they made their way up the Cloud Ascension platform.

For a moment, all Crepe Myrtle disciples were in a state of great shock.

“Who are they?”

“Why can they walk up the Cloud Ascension platform?”

“Aren't they afraid of being blown down by the formations?”

“Could it be...”

A few disciples initially reacted with disbelief and questions.

Cloud Ascension platform, for hundreds of years, was the last trial of becoming the Patriarch of Crepe Myrtle Sect.

Every step of the thousand steps to the clouds was a test.

Only by ascending these one thousand steps, which the founding ancestor and successive Patriarchs had injected training formations into, could one be regarded as having received the recognition of the ancestors and become a true successor.

But why could those two people receive recognition?

Who was that white-clothed figure?

Who was that lower level disciple next to him?

Does he want to compete for the position of Patriarch?

Several elders and older disciples took the lead and intended to rush over to stop them.

But hundreds of meters away from the Cloud Ascension platform, there was an exceedingly strong force that propelled them back to the square.

A number of Crepe Myrtle disciples and elders stood silently on the square of the main hall.

More people were holding their breath, waiting for the final result of whether the two figures would be bombarded by the formations or successfully ascend to the top.

A couple of moments later.

Under the gaze of everyone, the two figures in the distance successfully set foot on the last step and ascended to the top of the platform.

They turned around.

Looking down from a height.

Ye Qingyu's white clothes were brighter than snow. His black hair fluttered in the wind, and bathed in a brilliance of light, he resembled a peerless Immortal.

Li Rui, who was usually ridiculed and looked down upon by the Crepe Myrtle disciples, was still a little hesitant as before and even revealed an expression like he was situated in a dream.

At that moment.

The strangely silent square, as though thunderclap had struck, erupted with tide-like exclamations.

“Who is that!”

“Lord... Lord Ye!”

“It is Lord Ye of the Light Palace!”

“It's him?”

“Why is he here?!”

“Next to him... Li Rui?!”

“Why is it Li Rui!”

“Could it be... Li Rui... impossible... how could he be qualified!”

“They're on the Cloud Ascension platform, what are they going to do?”

“Among the crowd, a remarkably beautiful girl with soft, fair skin was filled with astonishment, muttering in an indistinct voice, “How would it be them... Lord Ye... Li Rui... they... why  would... they be appearing at the same time... on the Cloud Ascension platform... Li Rui... how come he could go up...”

This woman, who could not believe what she had seen, and tried hard to control her composure, was senior sister Nan Hua, a fairy-like existence in Li Rui’s mind——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

