Chapter 629:


Chapter 647, Painted scroll

Ye Qingyu smiled. “Old brother knows me well, there is indeed something I need to find ld brother for.”

“Haha, quick, come in and sit down. I just obtained some good tea recently, you can give it a try,” Ouyang Buping warmly greeted him.

The weird little boy was hiding behind Ouyang Buping with a curious and excited look.



Ye Qingyu faintly smiled, following Ouyang Buping into the straw hut.



A moment later.



The weird boy's mouth was curved with a smile as he excitedly dashed out the straw hut, a silver light flashing in his hands, and a silver-white airship appeared in front. The little boy leapt up into the airship, transforming into a stream of light and was gone without a trace.

About half an hour later, the silver airship, like a meteor, cut across the sky, stopping outside the Medicine Hut.



The little boy jumped off the airship, and behind him were the Snow Empire's Pill God Dugu Quan and his grandsons Dugu Dexi and Dugu Tianxin, as well as pill genius Lin Baiyi.



White-haired and bearded Dugu Quan hurried into the Medicine Hut with a smile on his face.



Dugu Dexiu, Dugu Tianxin, and Lin Baiyi followed the little boy in.



The usually quiet and peaceful Medicine Hut had suddenly become lively.



Through the bamboo curtain of the straw hut, vaguely, Ye Qingyu, Ouyang Buping, and Dugu Quan could be seen sitting around a sandalwood table, sipping tea and discussing something.



Behind them, Dugu Dexiu, Dugu Tianxin, and Lin Baiyi were sitting seriously and attentively listening in.



Only the weird little boy rested his cheek on his hand, staring curiously at Ye Qingyu.

There was a faint brilliance flashing in Ye Qingyu's hand, as a jade green scroll appeared in his hands.



Contained within the jade scroll was a collection of the ancient records of the Dao of the Pill and medical expertise he gathered in Clear River Domain. His understanding of the Pill Dao and his medical knowledge these days, particularly, his comprehension of the 108 ancient characters in the [Cloud Top Cauldron] were all inscribed onto this jade green scroll. He gave the jade scroll as a gift to Ouyang Buping and Dugu Quan, his two good friends in spite of their difference of age.



The two scanned over the information on the jade scroll, and from time to time danced with joy, like little children, gasping in admiration that there was someone that surpassed them in this world.

During the past year that Ye Qingyu was not in Heaven Wasteland Domain, he had gained a deeper understanding of the meaning of the 108 ancient words in the [Cloud Top Cauldron].



Today, the purpose of his visit to the Medicine Hut was to tell Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping of his comprehension. By sharing his understanding of medicine and Pill Dao, he hoped that they could cultivate many talents for Heaven Wasteland Domain. After all, in the next long period of time, Ye Qingyu would be too busy to spare time, as he needed to do something very important.



Time passed like flowing water.



The always peaceful Medicine Hut sometimes went quiet and sometimes a hearty laughter was heard. The tea filled the straw hut with its aroma.



……



The third day.



Ye Qingyu again went into the palace to see the Snow Emperor.



He bluntly told the Snow Emperor that he wanted to enter the Imperial Sacrificial Ancestral Land again.



The Snow Emperor agreed.



Ye Qingyu once again obtained the Golden Dragon's scaly imperial seal.

The white crane that took him out from the Imperial Ancestral Land last time was summoned again. Ye Qingyu passed through the imperial palace wall and Imperial Ancestral Hall, before finally coming to the real Imperial Ancestral Land.

The core area of the Imperial Ancestral Land was as beautiful as before, abundant in spiritual qi, like a paradise.



Ye Qingyu, with no time to admire the beautiful scenery, guided the red-crowned crane straight over the nine blue dragon-like mountain range, and headed towards the offering temple on the main peak.



Now his status and identity were entirely different to before, and his cultivation level was the strongest in Heaven Wasteland Domain. Once he stepped into the Imperial Ancestral Land he naturally was not required to go through the series of interrogation like before. He travelled incredibly fast, passing through a number of temples, shrines, and pavilions in the outer area, and flying over dense clouds of incense, before arriving at the core little world of the ancestral land.

The red-crowned crane let out a long cry.



The distant mountains of the ancestral land were within view.



The dark, grand temple grew clearer in his sight, and the brass medal in his hand was slightly agitated.

“Finally arrived. This time, will the puzzle be solved?”

The crane descended.



Ye Qingyu leapt to the black ground.



He smiled and stroked the slender neck of the crane, and took out some spiritual fruit from the storage space to feed to the crane.

“Go and play.” Ye Qingyu smiled lightly.



The crane seemed to understand, affectionately rubbed its head against Ye Qingyu's arm, and flew away with the spirit fruit in its mouth.



Ye Qingyu's gaze turned to the dark offering temple.

The dark temple stood imposingly, as quiet and solemn as it was before. And under the sunlight it looked even more solemn.

On both sides of the path that led to the temple stood several mighty black warrior sculptures as before, casting a vivid shadow on the ground.

Ye Qingyu sighed softly. “It's time to go in.”

In his hand, the brass medal grew hotter.



He clenched his fist and felt the heat coming from the brass medal, as he walked towards the temple one step at a time.



His speed was not fast nor slow.

With a hint of excitement, Ye Qingyu crossed the square in front of the temple and entered into the offering temple.

In the dim and long corridor.



The temperature of the brass medal in Ye Qingyu's palm was as burning-hot as lava and a faint brassy glow was emanating from the medal. A number of light halo, like ripples, floated and spread outwards.

He unfolded his hand, and the brass medal floated up automatically.



The small medal, like a little sun emitting a pale golden glow, darted toward the depths of the temple.

Ye Qingyu followed the brass medal along the long corridor that was illuminated by its faint glow, which was still spacious and mysterious like it was in the past.

When the yellow halo of light swept across the stone walls of the corridor, faint golden patterns were faintly discernible, but upon a closer look it seemed as though nothing had changed.



The last time in the temple, his consciousness was sealed in the [Cloud Top Cauldron], and he only possessed the cultivation of a Spirit spring expert. As a result even if he entered the temple, he failed to make any significant discovery.

Now, his strength was very different to that in the past. He was far beyond the Bitter Sea stage.



Most importantly, he had the key to open the true secret of this offering temple.



The so-called key, in fact, was a drop of strange essence blood that the stone monkey gave him, which contained a frightening power. Thinking of the method that the stone monkey told him to open the offering temple, Ye Qingyu was somewhat tense.



His life and background were strange. There were far too many mysteries. Today, could he really uncover the layer of veil that shrouded the mystery?



With this thought, Ye Qingyu looked at the brass medial that was flying steadily ahead, the lake of his heart rippling.

Ever since Ye Qingyu stepped into the offering temple, the medal had automatically floated on top of his head, and a tangerine yellow light illuminated the spacious and dim hall.



Compared to his first time in the temple when his pace was slow and with a hint of cowardice, this time Ye Qingyu was calm and collected.

“As expected... this medal is the key that opens another space in the temple.”

Ye Qingyu followed the leisurely floating medal ahead, passing through the corridor and into the inner chamber of the stone hall. On the old and unadorned stone walls before him there were strange patterns flickering with a strange light.



Less than half an hour later.



In the simple and spacious room, a thick layer of dust hit his face...

All of this was exactly the same as what he saw the first time he walked in.



The medal was still glowing, waves of light ripples were spreading toward the surroundings, and as before, floated onto the pile of blue stone.

The only thing that changed in the temple was the broken, pale blue stone table, which had become a heap of crushed stones after Ye Qinyu entered the last time.



Ye Qingyu slightly blushed with shame when he saw the pile of crushed stones under the light ripples.

If the stone monkey in the sword pit knew that he had broken the only table in the offering temple, would he fly into a rage and jump out of the sword pit to beat him up?



Thinking of the stone monkey scratching his ears and cheeks, Ye Qingyu revealed an imperceptibly smiling expression.



He flipped his hand over and thrust upwards. A red halo of light flashed in his hand, and then a drop of dark red blood floated surfaced on his palm.



Unable to restrain his inner excitement, his heart began pounding.



This time, would he see the truth?



He drew a few deep breaths and pushed his palms out in the direction of the halo of light.



At this moment, the drop of blood on his palm sent out a wisp of strange fluctuation of consciousness, and there seemed to be a trace of urgency. It finally left his hands and fell into the heap of blue stones.



Strange changes immediately followed-——



It was as though time had returned to the past.



It was also as though that the drop of blood had opened up a space-time tunnel in the stone hall.



The pile of fragmented stones scattered across the ground suddenly seemed to grow alive.



They assembled back together in an instant according to the order in which they were broken.



Not only that, the previously missing corner was restored. The blue stone table looked brand new, exuding a jade-like brilliance.

Ye Qingyu wore a very strange look.

Here it comes.



What he was anticipating had finally come?



Before coming here he had thought of many possibilities of the uses of the drop of blood given by the stone monkey, therefore the changes before him was not considered as unexpected.



But he still could not escape from the feeling of initial shock.



In the past, his drop of blood had shattered the table, but the thought of this drop of blood now being able to restore the stone table had never crossed his mind.

Could it be that the drop of blood had the ability to return things to the past?

For a moment, Ye Qingyu could not fathom what had happened.



But the next second——

“This is?!”



He suddenly exclaimed.



Above the stone table.



The halo of light exuding from the medal was constantly rippling, forming a thin, veil-like light curtain.

On the light curtain, a number of formation shadows gradually emerged.



Was that the truth?



What could it be?



Ye Qingyu stared fixedly at the scene on the light screen, both his fists were clenched tight, and there was an excitement and nervousness that he never had before spreading in his heart and limbs.



The scene before him was a dark red fiery Asura battlefield.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 630:


Chapter 648, The fourth scene



In the air, thick layers of crimson red clouds covered the entire sky, and deafening thunderclaps reverberated through the air like countless fierce beast roaring in chorus. Bolts of purple and gold lightning pierced the sky, striking the ground and the foothills directly, like a number of cannonballs being thrown down, huge rocks were shattered and cracks spread across the ground.

Thick clouds gathered in the air, dark-red and black chaotic fog were intertwined, in conflict with each other, and emitting a mournful and eerie friction-like noise.



“Where is this place?”

Ye Qingyu looked at the unfamiliar hell-like world of killing. Besides shock, he also revealed a hint of puzzlement.



“Kill me!”



“Die!”



From the sky, there came incessant roars.

Countless mighty experts were fighting in the void.

Their martial arts had long exceeded beyond the limits of the power of the laws of Heaven and earth, provoking lightning to strike down.

The sight before him was like a battle between the fiendgods of a foreign domain.



Slaughtering, bloody, and tragic...

These scenes made Ye Qingyu feel like his throat was tightening, as though he was also situated in that Asura hell. Blankly watching a war that seemed like doomsday had descended, he felt his inner qi and strength being stirred, and monstrous waves of yuan qi were surging in his dantian world, like several fierce dragons, moving towards his limbs and bones. An infinite burst of battle strength erupted in an instant.



The battle intent and the power of laws from the images were seemingly an invisible light, absorbing into and combining with Ye Qingyu's eyes. In his consciousness mind, there was a strange light rapidly growing.

Ye Qingyu unblinkingly stared at the several hundreds of figures fighting above the blood clouds, of which there were ten that were the most striking.

The Human Race, Demon Racee, Devil Race...



Although these ten figures were of different races, but they were all surging with a very advanced power of laws that not even this battlefield allowed.



They were like the king of their race, wielding all sorts of divine weapons, swords, and battle-axes, which all radiated rays of light and were fused with mysterious runes.

Every armour was marked with formation markings of different colours and lusters and seemed very mysterious. It was not like the formations that existed in Ye Qingyu's era.



The different brilliance around their body was like a huge ball of light, both attacking and defending. In that moment, they all erupted out their most extreme cultivation and peak strength.

Ye Qingyu felt a tightness in his heart, and even his breathing had become difficult.



Even if these images flashed across, he still felt an oppression and misery as if he was personally on the scene.



“The Human Race, will never give in!”



A roar that shook the heavens and the earth suddenly sounded.



Ye Qingyu's eyes widened as he tilted his head to look at the scene where the sound was coming from...



In the light screen.



Among the masses of blood clouds and black qi, eight beams of light erupted abruptly. The most striking human figure was suddenly surging with yuan qi, bursting out a blinding brilliance that could not be stared at directly.



In a flash.



In the sky, countless experts of foreign races let out mournful roars. The scarlet clouds between the Heaven and earth at that moment were also shaken into wisps of gas. The sky was like a huge rag, its countless cracks and holes declaring the misery and tragedy of this doomsday battle.

In the midst of the cries and screams of countless experts of different races, the tangerine yellow light screen finally blurred...



The tight feeling at Ye Qingyu's throat also relaxed.

He was gasping for breath, trying to calm his soaring battle intent and yuan qi.



Although these were just illusions, were just pictures, but it was all too real. The power during the battle between fiendgods seemed to have really penetrated through the tabletop. Even with Ye Qingyu's current cultivation, he still felt his heart palpitating unbearably. If it were other people with slightly lower strength, of the Bitter Sea stage and below, they most likely would be unable to endure this sort of power.



Within moments, there were changes again.



The light screen above the jade-like stone table was fading away as a new scene emerged.

Ye Qingyu was startled, immediately took on a solemn expression, staring cautiously at the scene shown on the light screen.



This time the place appearing in the scene was a foggy and chaotic world.



The scene seemed to have nothing to do with the previous Asura battlefield. This was a whole new world. The world seemed to be enveloped by dense fog, that even if one concentrated one's attention completely to see, it would still be impossible to completely penetrate the layers of chaotic qi to get a glimpse of the exact appearance of the world.



“Where is this? Is it an ancient world when it was first formed?”



Ye Qingyu's mind was clouded with puzzlement.



The unfamiliar foreign world made Ye Qingyu completely puzzled.



“Hey? That... What is it?”



Ye Qingyu suddenly saw a tremendous gold-emitting black rock looming in the midst of the chaotic mist.

The rock was tens of thousands of meters high, marked with strange lines, like the blood vessels of a living creature. As it was slightly quivering, there was a strange energy constantly gushing forth from these lines, which made the lines flicker and looked incomparably strange.



Even though separated by the screen, Ye Qingyu could feel a suffocating power, flowing through the rock.



This power was not at all weaker than the aura of the experts in the scene before.



Just then——



In the scene.



Rumble!



The sound of a violent explosion.



All of a sudden, a golden divine light shot into the sky like a sharp sword from the black rock.

“Hey?”



As though the divine light was right in front of him, Ye Qingyu felt a piercing pain in his eyes.



“What is that power...”



Ye Qingyu was surprised and puzzled.



Even with his current cultivation, he could not look directly at the strange light.



Boom!



A loud noise was immediately heard from the light screen.

The originally heavy square rock suddenly ruptured, crushed rocks shooting out in all directions.



Swoosh!



From the shattered rocks, a figure like a cannonball propelled into the sky.

Ye Qingyu was trembling with shock.



A figure that he failed to see clearly had unexpectedly jumped out of the rock?



When he wanted to see more clearly, the scene blurred again.

This was the end of the second scene.

The rippling light screen on the stone table began to dim.



“Just what do these scenes mean?”



For a moment, Ye Qingyu seemed to have fallen into foggy jungle, a vat of black water. He was completely disoriented and unable to find any clues.



What was the relationship between the first scene and the second one?



Or did they have nothing to do with each other?

But as though it did not allow him to think too much, the light screen suddenly revealed another scene.

Ye Qingyu's eyes immediately flashed, fixing his gaze again.



“Hey? This... Another battlefield?”



He was astonished.



The third scene was still a battlefield.



But the battlefield seen on this screen was not the chaotic fighting of fiendgods like the previous images.

In the void there were countless severed cracks, and the chaotic qi mist seemed tragic and bleak. Among the countless figures there were different colours of yuan qi fluctuating in the entire space. It was a very frightening war.

Among the battlefield, a Human Race figure was tightly surrounded by all kinds of foreign race experts, fighting against thousands alone, and armed with only a sword.



The matchless figure did not have a change of expression even when facing the countless opponents that encircled him in the sky and across the ground. Like a devastating divine king of power, he consecutively beheaded countless enemies.



The corpses formed a sea. The invincible figure leapt into the void, overlooking the sea of corpses, as though he was an invincible supreme king between the Heaven and earth.



This matchless figure was graceful and extraordinary.

Although he could not clearly see the matchless figure’s real body and appearance, but his spirit and elegance, as well as his tyrannical battle strength, were enough for him to feel the invincible power and imposing manner that could engulf the world.

“His strength, is much, much higher than mine...”



In a short while, Ye Qingyu had already established the cultivation of the matchless figure. Although he was unable to see through his specific level of strength, but whether it was physical strength or yuan qi power, they were hundreds of times superior to that of his.



It was a martial boundary that he could not reach now or even imagine.



“This figure... why is it similar to the one that emerged from the rock..."



Ye Qingyu suddenly made a discovery.



That figure was slightly hesitant as the impenetrable crowd of foreign race experts encircled him, no longer launching attacks, and poured all power into breaking the chaotic mist. It was at that moment that Ye Qingyu was just barely able to see a trace of the matchless expert.



When he gathered all his full strength, moving a step further to the truth, the scene stopped and the light screen resumed as ripples of light waves.



The third scene ended.



Ye Qingyu drew a deep breath, his surging yuan qi power calming down.



When and where did these battles occur?

These were left behind by that person?

Then who was the figure that jumped out of the rock?



His mind was in a tangled mess of thoughts. He could not help but shake his head and refocused on the light screen, anticipating another scene emerging on the light screen to give him some clues.



Will there be a fourth scene?



Ye Qingyu waited in hope.

Soon after, following a rippling, a new scene appeared on the light scene.



The fourth scene.



“It's an immemorial sacred mountain...” Ye Qingyu stared fixedly at the table in deep thought.



Shown in the scene was still a chaotic space of a foreign land that he had never seen before.



Ye Qingyu's line of sight was focused on the peak of a towering sacred mountain that resembled a green-robed giant among the layers upon layers of floating clouds and mist, and on which there were dozens of figures fighting.



The battle in the scene was very different from the previous two battles.



This was a real battle of outstanding experts fighting for supremacy.



Between the sword light and the icy cold shadows, the aftermath of turbulent yuan qi pulled and twisted the void, causing the mountain to quake and the clouds and mist to disperse——





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 631:


Chapter 649, Could it be...



“So strong!” Ye Qingyu looked at the sight in astonishment.

The figures that were constantly fighting made him feel the true power of peak experts for the first time. His heart was constantly surging with battle intent, and his entire body was faintly emitting a thin layer of veil-like halo of silver light.



Just then——



Among the dozens of different race experts, one Human Race figure gradually rose above the others.



“It's him...” Ye Qingyu's eyes flashed with surprise.



The Asura figure, whose yuan qi was rising sharply, was the matchless expert in the previous two scenes.



“Are these fragment-like scenes, a memory replaying that is stored in the formation...” He was still in a daze, but seemed to have touched upon the tiniest of hints.



As the battle continued, experts were constantly falling. The previous tens of foreign race experts were successively injured and plunged down the mountain. Finally, after a few scenes flashed across, only two figures were left standing on the peak of the mountain.



One of them was the matchless expert of the Human Race.



And the other, was an enormous figure whose outline looked like that of a foreign race.



Although its face was unclear, but the body was exuding blue yuan qi flames.



Among the blue flames, a dark-red light, like a blazing lightning, was wildly dancing, and like sharp saw teeth, frantically biting in all directions. The imposing manner was extremely chilling and frightening. And the air he was situated in was being twisted and bent by a tyrannical power. All the rays of light within a distance of ten feet were scattered into specks of light by the invisible force.

What was more frightening was that the oppressive power was penetrating through the light screen toward Ye Qingyu.



Ye Qingyu once again felt a stifling pressure just like when was watching the first scene.



He had no choice but to activate his power in order to resist the pressure, before he could continue watching the scene.

“The strength of this foreign race expert seems a little stronger...”

Ye Qingyu, feeling an oppressive feeling in his heart and looking at the blue brilliance of the qi flames shooting into the sky, was inevitably worried.



But when he tried hard to see the appearance of the two figures clearer, the scene once again blurred. All sacred mountain, clouds and mist, and those figures had vanished from the light screen.



“Is it over again? The fourth scene has also ended, but the puzzle is still not clearer. The figure of the foreign race expert, who could it be?” Ye Qingyu sighed lightly, also perhaps he already had a answer in his mind, but he was uncertain of the truth.



That kind of elegance, that kind of spirit, who was he?

As Ye Qingyu fell into a trance, the light screen on the jade stone table was suddenly flashing again.

The fifth scene appeared.

“Is it...?” He immediately looked intently, trying to see the outcome of the showdown on the summit.



But before him it was no longer the scene of the peak of the sacred mountain.



A new scene suddenly appeared.



This time the scene was still an incomparably chaotic battle, but unlike before, the peerless figure, who jumped out from the rock, had sustained severe injury, and was dripping with blood...



“Could it be...? He's dead?” Ye Qingyu felt a tightness in his heart.



He carefully tried to identify the figure that was besieged and caught in a deadlock.



Roar!



An earth-shattering hissing roar suddenly came from the scene.



The solemnity and mournfulness of the voice was greater than the power of when the foreign race experts were destroyed before.



It came from the peerless figure!



Ye Qingyu scrunched up his brows tightly.

Suddenly the matchless figure was glowing with golden light. He found a gap in the chaotic fight, leapt forward, soaring into the void, and tearing the void with his bare hands.



Hiss!



The void suddenly seemed like it was covered by a piece of cloth, a crack was being abruptly ripped open by the hands of the matchless figure.



And the matchless figure that was stained with blood suddenly flashed, vanishing between the cracks.



“Running away?” For some reason, seeing the matchless figure disappear in the void crack, Ye Qingyu’s tightly tugging heart was suddenly relaxed.



However, how strong was he to be able to tear apart a void crack with his bare hands?



At this time, he was staring at the gradually fading scene of the chaotic battle in puzzlement, as if his heart was being tangled in twine.



“Where is this?”  Ye Qingyu asked puzzledly.

The scene before him was not completely gone, and instead seemed to have switched to another place. The matchless figure re-appeared in a completely unfamiliar domain.



This domain was like a desolate jungle, looked primitive, barren, with sand rolling, and yellow clouds that filled the sky.

This scene made Ye Qingyu sigh.

From a scene where the world was fighting for supremacy to a barren and desolate domain. What happened to the matchless figure?



Why would he be attacked by foreign races again and again?



In the light screen.



The next scene was no longer linked, just some broken and scattered memories.



The first scene was the wounded and very weak matchless figure encountering a group of nomadic people in a desert.



And the second scene was the matchless figure in the tent of the group of nomads. There were also several young martial artists of the Human Race chatting and drinking merrily.



“It seems that, it was them who saved him...” Ye Qingyu said thoughtfully.



Then the next scene appeared. Under the starry night, the daughter of the leader of the group of nomads rested her head on the shoulder of the matchless hero...



In other words, the matchless hero in this domain not only gained friendship, but also met love...



Ye Qingyu, through the ever-changing scenes, guessed what this matchless figure had experienced.



The next few images flashed by very quickly.



If Ye Qingyu had not paid fixed attention, concentrated with his divine sense, he most likely would have missed some information.

In the fragments of scenes before, the matchless figure was already seriously injured, exhausted. In the next few scenes that flashed across, he had gradually restored his strength.



But during this long recovery, he married the daughter of the leader of the group and had a child, and created many systems and rules in that originally barren domain. The Human Race gradually expanded and many experts and masters were cultivated, and as a result he gained incredibly prestige...



The scene was suddenly blurred again at the scene of the growing number of people and the developed cities and towns in the domain.



Ye Qingyu stretched out two fingers, gently rubbing his temples, and slowly breathed out.



Such a long time of concentrating his divine sense had made him a little fatigued.



After a moment.



Suddenly there was a flash of brilliance in the light screen.



Slightly closing his eyes to rest, Ye Qingyu’s eyes suddenly shot wide, carefully looking toward the light screen.

“Bamboo grove...” Ye Qingyu knitted his brows in puzzlement.



The domain in the scene seemed to be the previous barren world. However, this time there were mountains and water flowing across, and the world seemed to have been injected with new life force and vitality.



There were not only fertile fields and forests, but also clans and towns formed of the Human Race.

And as the scene changed gradually it came to a stop under the shade of a faint bamboo forest.

Two black, gold-plated, robed figures came into Ye Qingyu's view.



“It's the matchless expert and his wife...”



The rear view of the matchless figure in the scene looked a little lonely, and with the intent to leave.



While the beautifully and gracefully dressed woman who faintly exuded majesty looked sad. On her blurred face, there were beads of clear tears, like a broken necklace of pearls, constantly falling onto her lapel and the grass.



“What about the baby?” Ye Qingyu said puzzledly.

He remembered in a scene that previously flashed across in which the matchless expert and the daughter of a tribe were married with a baby in their arms.



This scene was evidently a scene of farewell. The matchless expert suddenly exerted strength, leaping into the sky. The rear view of him standing in the void gave off a hint of loneliness, a reluctance to part, but even more, a silent determination.



Hiss!



At the end of the void in the scene, a space-time crack was forcibly ripped open by the matchless expert. He did not turn his head back, and did not hesitate, disappearing in the cracks with a flash...



The scene on the light screen also dimmed...

After that Ye Qingyu waited for several moments, but only the rippling light screen remained. There was no longer any scenes appearing...

Why did the matchless expert have to leave?

Why didn't his wife go with him?

The baby in their arms was their child?

Where did the child go?



Too many mysteries filled Ye Qingyu's mind. At this moment it was as though he had fallen into a pool filled with algae and was completely bound.



All this, what was it telling him?

Ye Qingyu again gazed at the halo of light emitted by the medal, but it seemed to have fallen into a strange silence. There was not the slightest of change happening.



Silence.



A long silence.

Ye Qingyu stood tall and upright, motionlessly where he was. It seemed that even his breathing could not be heard.



……



An hour passed.



He still remembered all the scenes that appeared in his divine sense.



Like there was a spinning lantern in his head, the fragments of the scenes were playing back again and again.

Ye Qingyu was like a person who couldn’t swim, who had suddenly fallen into the ocean.



He seemed to have caught something, but there was nothing caught in his hand.



Another half an hour past.



He began to recall the time he was struck by heavenly lightning, which left him seriously injured and unconscious for a period of time. Yu Junhan said something to him back then.



“If what she said is true, then Yu Junhan should be the daughter of the leader of the tribe, who later on became the princess of the Human Race...”



In the midst of thousands of strands, Ye Qingyu seemed to have finally grasped a little trace.



“It is highly possible that the Human Race tribe was the most primitive Yu clan… And the Yu clan, with the help of that matchless figure, rose in their domain... In other words, the current Heaven Wasteland Domain…”



It was as though a faintly discernible, narrow stone path had gradually appeared within the layers upon layers of fog. Ye Qingyu was taking small steps at a time, cautiously and carefully moving forward, in case he missed something, or lost the real path to follow——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 632:


Chapter 650, To the Two Rivers Group again



If, as Yu Junhan had said, he really was her son, then that also meant that he was the son of the matchless figure... But why did he abandon him and his wife, and leave Heaven Wasteland?



In this step, Ye Qingyu still had not figured everything out. He also dared not to dig any deeper, jump to conclusion, in case he made a mistake.

Even if he was confused, it was better than thinking wrongly and cause misunderstanding...



“What, the parents in my childhood memories, what is going on...” Ye Qingyu recalled his time in the Ye residence of Deer City, thinking about his parents who carefully and patiently taught him everything and loved him dearly.



His mouth was slightly curved in an imperceptible smile.



He thought of those warm and peaceful years, as well as his mother's smiling face.

The memories suddenly came to the time his parents were wounded and their breathing was faint and weak.



Father, at his last breath, had told him to bring the medal to the imperial offering temple of the Imperial Ancestral Land to find the answer, but the scenes still did not uncover all the mysteries.



Ye Qingyu sighed softly again.



The scenes that he just saw, not only had not solved the mystery of his life, but instead made him more puzzled and his thoughts more chaotic.



He drew several deep breaths, trying to activate the nameless breathing technique to calm his mind, and sort out his thoughts. But these complex clues were like a tangled mess in his mind. No matter what angle he thought from, he still had no idea.



Before his father's death, he clearly had said that the truth was here.



But now...



“Could it be that there are other clues in the temple?” Ye Qingyu suppressed his irritation and again carefully investigated the entire temple.

In the empty inner room there was nothing but the cold, dark stonewalls.



After a round of inspection, he still gained nothing new.

Half an hour went by.

“It seems that... There is no answer or clue...” Ye Qingyu was disappointed.



He shook his wrist, and the drop of blood that was previously dropped onto the stone table immediately rose from the stone table and flew back into his palm.



Boom!

The stone table in front crumbled, a pile of blue stones scattered across the ground, and everything returned to the state exactly as before.



The medal leisurely floated above his head, its brilliance fading, only a weak yellow-orange colour halo of light was being issued.



Ye Qingyu turned away from the offering temple.

……



In Light City.



It was getting late. The red sunset clouds today were a rare spectacle.



Half of the sky was still clear, blue as water, and the other half was covered with clouds, like cotton splattered with blood, dying half the sky red.



Ye Qingyu fed some of the dew fruits to the crane. The crane seemed to sense his complex thoughts, and rested his head on the side of his ear for a while.

When the last glimmer of light at the horizon faded, and a dark blue colour gradually wiped across the sky, he took the crane to the Light soldiers camp for it to rest, and then he turned around alone, transforming into a stream of silver light and returned to Light Palace.

That night was surprisingly quiet.



In Light City there was only the gentle rustling of fire leaves. No one came to bother the people in the Light Palace.

In the Light Palace.



Ye Qingyu was sitting cross-legged on the jade stone bed.



A gentle glow was exuding slowly from the stone bed, gradually and softly wrapping around him.



He closed his eyes. All the clues and thoughts were crazily spreading like vines, uncontrollably pouring into Ye Qingyu's divine sense. Breathing in and out, and consolidating and upholding his energy, he arranged these thoughts. The nameless breathing technique was repeated ten times, until his mind was gradually settled down.

……



The next afternoon.



After a whole day of shutting himself in, Ye Qingyu finally slowly opened his eyes.



He stood up, stretching his arms and legs, and walked a few steps, coming to the stone table.



“Next...” Ye Qingyu swept a glance over the Map of the Universe on the stone table, his sight falling on a small building at the end of an unknown alley of Snow capital, his eyes flickering.

He walked a few steps toward the door of the palace, when suddenly there was a wave-like ripple in the void and he already vanished from where he stood.



A beam of light streaked across the overhead of the palace, disappearing between the gaps of the clouds.



At the end of the alley.



Among the teahouses.

Along a winding road, and in an elegant and unusual bamboo garden was a teahouse surrounded in lush green bamboo. A white figure and a green figure were like two immortal shadows dotted in this bamboo forest.



“Young Lord, please.” It was a girl in an emerald green dress brewing tea. She had milky white skin, delicate brows, and her eyes were glistening like two gentle pearls. She had a graceful demeanour and her every movement was extremely elegant.



The beautiful girl was Lang Yong, the younger sister of the president of the Two Rivers Group Lang Zhong.



The figure next to her received the white jade cup with both hands and sipped the tea with a calm expression and a relaxed smile on his face. It was Ye Qingyu.

“The tea is fragrant is pure and delightful. At first the taste is sweet, which later turns to a mellow and rich flavour. Your recommendation is indeed really good.” Ye Qingyu gently set down the teacup, feeling the carefree feeling coming up from his nose and along the tip of the tongue spreading to his limbs and the heart. His face also revealed a relaxed smile.

Kneeling on a mat made from red-pattern rattan, Lang Yong, who was skillfully pouring water and brewing, had a serious expression as if she was concentrating on doing something extremely rigorous.

But as her hand moved up and down, there was an elegant aura like that of a butterfly fluttering around her body.

Over the past year, Lang Yong had reached 60 Spirit springs.



Ye Qingyu nodded slightly.



It seems that since Ye Qingyu left, Lang Yong had been taking care of the affairs of the Two Rivers Group as well as working hard on cultivating in the secret mantra he had provided for her.



To be able to cultivate to the present state in less than a years time, she must have put in painstaking effort.

Thinking about this, Ye Qingyu again took a glimpse at the young girl who was concentrating on pouring tea, sighing slightly.



He casually picked up the jade pendant that Lang Yong had put on the table, gently wiping his fingertip across, and a blue green light halo spread out which projected the record of the past year.



Previously, the grand plot that the Snow Empire imperial family and court ministers and authority had set up had turned the entire Snow Empire into a place where everyone schemed on each other. During the time of the constant dark current, as a branch of the Two Rivers Group in the imperial capital, Lang Yong and her subordinates could be said to be walking with difficulty. There was risk with every step they took and the slightest carelessness could leave their bones and corpse missing.



But now the situation had changed. The Snow Empire’s imperial family had gradually occupied the real dominant position of Clear River Domain, and Ye Qingyu, because of his identity as the Lord of the Light City, had gained a very special status in the Snow Empire.



Since then, even if Ye Qingyu left Heaven Wasteland Domain for a period of time, the Two Rivers Group was completely unaffected.



Instead, because of the status that Ye Qingyu had in the imperial capital, the Two Rivers Group had been rapidly expanding over the year. Compared to the past, its strength had greatly increased and was already beginning to grow into a powerful group.

“Now the power of the Two Rivers Group in the capital is not suppressed at all. Even if the Right and Left Ministers know about the existence of the Two Rivers Group, they had never blocked the channels in which we gather information.” Lang Yong clasped the teacup with both hands, very respectfully looking at Ye Qingyu.

“Unexpectedly, in just over half a year, the number of people of the Two Rivers Group in the capital had expanded to more than three hundred...” Ye Qingyu made a gripping motion with his hand, and the cup of tea smoothly slid into his palm like it was pushed by a breeze of wind.



“Yes, young Lord.” Lang Yong stored the remaining tealeaf residue into a small jade bowl, finely grinding them up. “The expansion of the Two Rivers Group in this half a year is a lot more relaxed than before. Many of the channels before that we lacked access to are slowly showing signs of opening.”

“Well, that's good.” Ye Qingyu gently touched the warm teacup, feeling the warmth coming to his fingertips. “The reason I came here today is mainly because there is a matter that I need you to handle for me.”



“Young Lord, please give me your command.” Lang Yong immediately put down the bowl and the yellow rosewood stick, and turned to look at Ye Qingyu solemnly.

“Select one hundred youngsters under ten years of age in Snow Empire who have a good power of comprehension and martial arts talent.  Three months later, bring them to Light City.” Ye Qingyu gently set down the jade pendant onto the table, and the formation halo light also faded.



“Yes, Young Lord.” Lang Yong cupped one hand in the other.

“In addition, the Purple Cloud Mystery technique that I gave you before, how far have you cultivated in it...” Ye Qingyu smiled.

“Lang Yong is not talented, although I have been practicing day and night over this half a year, but in recent months I seemed to have hit a bottleneck. No matter how hard I try, I could not make a breakthrough...” At this moment Lang Yong seemed to have recovered the annoyed look that a young girl would have. Her mouth was pursed up slightly and her eyes were flickering with unwillingness and irritation.

“Show me all the techniques and moves that you've learned, I'll take a look.” Ye Qingyu calmly took a sip of tea, smiling.



Lang Yong's eyes lit up in joy. To have the opportunity of the Young Lord giving her directions was simply too precious for her.



She immediately stood up, and with a flash, a light blue figure instantly transformed into a very strange shadow, like a multicoloured gust of wind in the bamboo forest, piercing through the forest and rustling leaves.

“I see... but... you really have superior power of understanding. With just your own understanding, you have roughly touched upon the essence of this technique.” Ye Qingyu quietly analyzed the figure shuttling around the bamboo forest, slightly nodding.



Whenever an obstruction appeared in Lang Yong's moves, Ye Qingyu would give her guidance in a timely manner. Every word or brief remark he made was regarding the most mysterious and profound essence of the technique.

And with Lang Yong's high power of understanding, she immediately mastered it and was able to bring it to use fully. The figure in the bamboo forest was increasingly swift, and more and more skillful.

Half an hour later.



Lang Yong's figure flashed, as though a green cotton yarn twisted around a bamboo was finally removed from the bamboo forest.



“Thank you, Young Lord!” She steadily descended onto the sea of roots of a thousand-year-old tree, beaming all over with joy as she cupped one fist in the other hand and knelt down.



After the guidance from the Young Lord, Lang Yong felt enlightened. She had gain insight to all the points that she did not understand before. Moreover, in this half an hour of time, the harvest that she obtained had far surpassed that of the six months of cultivation.



Ye Qingyu's body slowly descended next to the stone table, his mouth curved upwards, his white robe fluttering, and his black hair flowing in the breeze, like a celestial being.



“There's one more thing you need to do. Pass a message to Lang Zhong that ten days later I'm making a trip back to Deer City.” Ye Qingyu gently stretched out his hand in the void, and an invisible force supported Lang Yong up.



“Yes, Young Lord, I'll pass the message to my brother later.” Lang Yong nodded slightly.



“Right, you should also pack, go back with me, it's been a long time, you also should see your brother.” As Ye Qingyu was speaking, he had already turned around and walked to the door of the teahouse.



A spotless white robe was gently swaying with the breeze. His rear view that was gradually moving away seemed to be dispersing by a gust of wind. After a few steps, he had already vanished at the entrance of the teahouse.

And in the bamboo forest, Lang Yong revealed a gratified smile and her eyes glistened with tears, “Thank you, Young Lord...”



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

