Chapter 1109:


Chapter 1124
–
Reinforcements are here



This gaze made Shao Xuzheng feel as though he had fallen into an ice cave.

He was no longer as arrogant and aggressive as before, trembling like a duckling frightened by a thunderstorm. He nodded repeatedly, saying, “Yes, yes, yes, I will immediately go ask the City Lord, I will immediately go...”

If he could, he wanted to leave right away and never see Ye Qingyu again in his life.

Ye Qingyu nodded, “Then thank you... right, at that time, you should come too.”

Shao Xuzheng gave a wry, miserable smile as he repeatedly promised, and then turned and darted away, disappearing in the night sky.

At this time, the ferocious and murderous-looking soldiers of the military camp, looked as mournful as if in bereavement, and were rooted to the spot.

They were well aware of Yao Xin's cultivation level. The Fiendgod-like military chief was an invincible existence in their mind, but was killed by the servant of the young man in one clean slash. It was simply as easy as pinching an ant to death. If it were them, they would have most likely died much faster.

They had originally thought that the assignment tonight was a good errand, where they could set fire, plunder and kill at will. Before they set out, these soldiers were scrambling to come on this assignment, but now, they really wanted to turn back time and never appear here again.

No soldier dared to ignore what Ye Qingyu had said before, so nobody moved an inch.

From the night wind, there a weeping sound coming from the black airship above.

“Save people,” Ye Qingyu said.

Eleven immediately took action.

He knew that he was now completely tied to a rope with Ye Qingyu; it was simply impossible to free himself. Thus it would be better to follow Ye Qingyu, since, a little Luoshen Ridge, in front of a Quasi-emperor like Ye Qingyu, was not considered anything. Even if it he really killed Zhang Longcheng and angered the Guardian camp, there was still room to turn around in the future.

Having figured this out, Eleven did not hesitate to carry out any of Ye Qingyu's orders.

Soon, six or seven hundred people were released from the black airship, and all were young adults. There were more men than women, and all had suffered injuries. Their faces were twisted with a terrified expression, and when they looked at the soldiers of the military camp their eyes were filled with fear mingled with hatred.

These were the villagers of the Ten Kilometers Village.

All were black-haired Dark Ones.

Ye Qingyu sighed inwardly, glanced at Eleven and said, “I want them to get their revenge, an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth... you should know what to do.”

“Yes, Lord, I understand.” Back when Eleven was following Ye Chen, he was most skilled at analyzing the mind. During these days, he had begun to understand Ye Qingyu's nature and temper thus he immediately knew what Ye Qingyu wanted to do.

A moment later.

Eleven moved a table and chair down from the airship and seated himself, saying loudly, “Come, who has any injustice, come over and I will settle it for you. I will not seek appeasement at any price. If you miss this village, there is no next shop...”

The villagers of the Ten Kilometers Village released from the black airship were slightly hesitant, but then immediately crowded around wailing. Their families were killed, and their village had been burned down. The hatred in their hearts could simply be turned into three rivers of water that can extinguish a sea of flames. Moreover they had witnessed how Eleven effortlessly killed Yao Xin before, so they had completely gave up all scruples to avenge their family...

“It was him who killed my fifty-year-old mother...”

“I saw with my own eyes, it was that bastard who harassed my daughter-in-law and made her commit suicide...”

“He killed my husband...”

The crowd was stirred.

“Is that him? Is that him? Are you sure? All right, the killer deserves to die...” After Eleven confirmed the murderer soldier, with a casual wave of his hand, a beam of sword light shot out, severing the soldier into blood mist.

The soldiers of the military camp went pale with fear upon seeing this.

It was real.

Where did these two madmen come from? They dared to kill the experts of the military camp of Central City? Moreover their strength was so terrifying. The soldiers immediately knew the situation was bad and tried to escape.

Ye Qingyu patted the flame-winged tiger Little Ten beside him.

“Whoever dares to run away, bite him to death,” He commanded.

Roar, Roar! Little Ten responded with a deafening roar. A few soldiers tried to run, but were directly sucked into Little Ten's stomach and swallowed up with a few chews.

The rest of the soldiers were pale and aghast, no longer daring to run.

“Right, continue, do you recognize him. Is that him? Is it really him? Pay for a life with a life...”

Swoosh!

A beam of sword light flashed again.

When Eleven saw the look of gratitude in the eyes of the citizens, an expression he had rarely seen before, he gradually felt a sense of accomplishment and satisfaction that he had never felt before.

He began to enjoy it.

……

……

Central City, Luoshen Ridge.

“What?”

Zhang Longcheng, who was dressed in a sleeping robe, flew into a rage.

He sprang to his feet and shattered the formation crystal table in front of him with a loud slam.

Shao Xuzheng shivered with fright.

He crawled over right away, kowtowing to beg for forgiveness, while gnashing his teeth he said, “City Lord, this man comes with bad intentions. His intention is extremely sinister. He first deliberately killed the pet beasts outside the city, and then lured me to investigate, set up an ambush, and shamelessly and despicably launched a sneak attack on Military Chief Yao Xin and I. He also arrogantly said he will destroy the Central City of Luoshen Ridge and tear you to pieces... It is simply unbearable, he is so despicable. Military Chief Yao Xin is resolute and upright in character, and had fought to death. I should have fought to the end and not retreated, but I was worried that he would secretly harm City Lord, so I fled at the risk of my life to inform City Lord!”

Zhang Longcheng raged when he heard this.

Someone dared to do such a thing near Central City of Luoshen Ridge?

Is that not seeking for death?

However, he, who had been around Jianghu for such a long time, felt that this matter was not that simple.

For an extremely long period of time, the hierarchical order in the Dark Realm had been clearly defined, and the power solidified. Moreover recently, he was commended by the Guardian camp. At this time, there shouldn’t have been a force coming out all of a sudden to fight for Luoshen Ridge. Moreover, to be able to kill Yao Xin, that person must be an existence of the City Lord level. However, he had not formed feuds with any of the City Lord existences.

“How many people did they have, and what does the leader look like?”

Zhang Longcheng let himself calm down before he questioned further.

Shao Xuzheng described Ye Qingyu and Eleven and then described the appearance of Little Ten.

“Long flame robe, tall and burly, a hideous servant with unfathomable strength, and a flame-winged tiger... Could it be the City Lord of the Fire Province? No way, the Fire Province is so far away, there is no need to come to Luoshen Ridge to seek revenge...”

Zhang Longcheng pondered.

The young City Lord could not stand it any longer. “Father, what are you waiting for, hurry and dispatch soldiers. The enemies are already at the door, what are you still hesitating about?”

The normally arrogant and domineering young City Lord was almost bursting with rage. His favourite pet beasts, which he had paid a lot to exchange for including a number of beautiful female slaves, had all been killed. These beasts were something he had spent a lot of effort and thought into obtaining, from Central City of Heaven Raising Mountain. This made his heart ache with pain.

In his view, his father was more cowardly the older he was. Someone was practically on his head pissing and defecating, yet he was still so hesitant.

“Yes, City Lord, that man is so hateful. He said that he will wipe out your bloodline, and use your head... use your head...” Here, Shao Xuzheng seemed a bit hesitant.

“What does he want to do with my head?” Zhang Longcheng said in a low voice.

“That guy is so disrespectful, he says he's going to make your head a chamber pot...”

“Nonsense!” Zhang Longcheng raged.

Terrifying aura broke out of his body like the god of death had fallen upon the world.

The young City Lord also trembled with anger, “Arrogant, simply arrogant, he deserves to die... I'm going to capture him, break his limbs, and ride him like a dog... I'm not going to let him turn around his whole life and keep him as a pet beast!”

“Pass on the message, gather the soldiers and set out.”

Zhang Longcheng fumed, insuppressible fury inside him.

He had not showed his power for too long. The outsiders had treated [The Slaughterer of All Ten Sides] Zhang Longcheng as a cat or dog. It was time to show his muscles and fangs.

“Go ask the esteemed masters to accompany us,” Zhang Longcheng added.

Shao Xuzheng was overjoyed when he heard this, “Yes.”

The esteemed masters of Central City were masters of masters. One of them had a remarkable background, and had broken into the Quasi-emperor realm one year ago. With this esteemed master helping out they were guaranteed success.

He turned around and headed for the esteemed masters’ courtyard.

Just you wait, wait till the Lord and the esteemed Masters show up. You two bastards, you are dead, and those lowly citizens
... The thought of Ye Qingyu’s expression when he said he and Yao Xin were trash made Shao Xuzheng fume with rage.

He swore that when he captures Ye Qingyu, he would torture him and humiliate him as revenge.

……

……

Bitter Hill Village, the small dirt field.

The Dark One villagers were silently watching the scene happening in front of them like it was a dream.

No one had ever sought justice for them.

All along, they had been regarded as the most inferior citizens, and often were killed by the Guardian martial artists. For a long period of time, they had been instilled with the thought that the Guardians were to defend against the terrifying invaders in the Dark Realm, while trash like them with no martial arts background must serve the Guardians with their life and soul.

The relatives were killed, wives and children were taken away by force, friends died tragically, their homes destroyed, the harvest of grain was levied, and even their lives did not belong to them...

They were used to such tragedies.

They had been angry before and had resisted before, but were mercilessly crushed by the powerful forces.

Gradually, they did not dare to speak, and were powerless to resist. It was as though they were living in the vast darkness and would never see light.

And today, for the first time, someone had come forward to seek justice for them.

Everything seemed so sudden and unreal.

They were grateful, but also terrified. They feared that all this would soon disappear like passing clouds, and would never appear again.

At that moment, a giant black airship cut through the night sky.

“It's the flagship of the City Lord of Central City,” someone exclaimed.

And the surviving soldiers of the military camp, upon seeing this scene, their eyes finally lit up with hope. The City Lord had come with reinforcements——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1110:


Chapter 1125
–
The winner and loser is decided



At the sight of the black ships that were like Immortal palaces flying in the void, as well as the celestial horse corps around the gigantic ship and the soldiers of the military camp, they could not help but cheer in a low voice.

And in the eyes of the black-haired Dark Ones, were the shadows of death coming.

The power and might of the army of Central City had accumulated for a long time was extremely terrifying to the black-haired Dark Ones of the surrounding villages. They were used to shivering in front of the Guardians, and any resistance would lead to brutal and merciless retaliation.

At this moment, Eleven, who was acting as a justice trial judge, finally stopped what he was doing. In fact almost all the several hundreds of soldiers of the military camp who followed Shao Xuzheng and Yao Xin before had already been put on trial, and the soldiers that had been stained with the blood of the villagers of Ten Kilometers Village had all been killed.

“Lord, the City Lord is here.” Eleven stood next to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

According to the memory of Little Ten, Zhang Longcheng of the Luoshen Ridge was also one of the murderers that killed Mister Ren Puyang, but it was not certain. Ye Qingyu, through the Emperor Detection Technique, had learned of the killer's appearance and physique, thus whether Zhang Longcheng was the real murderer or not, he will know when he sees him.

Everything was going to be over soon.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

There were several flashes of light.

On the dirt field were suddenly another hundreds of figures.

Ye Qingyu looked over with an indifferent expression.

The leader was tall and imposing-looking, like a fierce general who had fought hundreds of battles. While Shao Xuzheng was standing beside him like a servant. He was evidently the City Lord of Central City of Luoshen Ridge, Zhang Longcheng.

And next to Zhang Longcheng, in addition to a dozen experts of different ages all clad in ordinary robes, there was a young man around seventeen or eighteen years old. The corners of his mouth was curved upwards in a sinister smile, brows bushy, and he gave off a domineering and arrogant air. He must be the young City Lord who had a habit of letting the pet beasts eat the Dark Ones.

“Is this the madman you're talking about that killed my pet beasts?” The young City Lord asked Shao Xuzheng, pointing to Ye Qingyu and saying in an arrogant and bossy tone.

Shao Xuzheng swept a glance over Ye Qingyu, a sinister smile coming to his face. “It is this madman. He said he killed young City Lord's pet beasts, and not only that, he also wants to kill you too.”

At this time, he naturally desperately fanned the flames.

It would be best if both sides did not waste time talking nonsense and break out in a fight. At that time, the City Lord would capture this madman and torture him, without asking clearly about the whole story. Thus he would not have to take responsibility.

As expected, after hearing this, the young City Lord sneered, moved a few steps forward, and stared at Ye Qingyu. “Where did this trash come from, dare to come to my Luoshen Ridge to cause trouble, killed my pet beasts, and humiliated my father. Today, I will let you know what is worse than death in this world... Trash, report your name.”

Who would have thought that Ye Qingyu did not even take a glimpse at him.

Ye Qingyu's line of sight was firmly fixed on Zhang Longcheng, comparing him to the figure that had appeared in the Emperor Detection Technique in his mind.

“What, you don't dare to tell me?” The young City Lord moved forward threateningly.

Eleven suddenly sneered, “Child, you are immature and inexperienced. You have no idea of death or danger, hurry and back down... What kind of thing are you? What qualifications do you have to speak to my Lord?”

“You are a servant, how dare you talk to me like this?” The young City Lord was going berserk from rage. Ye Qingyu did not take him seriously, and even a hideous-looking servant dared to speak to him like that. This pair of master and servant really did not know how to write the character ‘death’.

“I am a servant, but I also know that the laws within the camp are strict. Although the Dark Ones are lowly people, they are still protected by the law. You do not abide by the law, and let your beasts devour the Dark Ones. You’re so evil and ruthless, you really deserve to be punished with death.” Eleven's scolding ability was simply unmatched.

The young City Lord was enraged.

Had someone ever spoken to him like that?

“Just a few lowly citizens, inferior to the bugs in a ditch, so what if I killed them, it is their honour to be able to be eaten by my pet beasts...” The young City Lord roared, “What did I do wrong? Huh?”

“What a shameless little brat.” Eleven said. “You do have some skills in reincarnations though. Without your Father Zhang Longcheng, you would be inferior to these people, and are just a pile of stinking dung.”

“You... come, kill him for me, kill him...” The young City Lord fumed, stomping his feet.

At this moment---

“So noisy.”

He casually waved his hand.

Swoosh!

A flame flashed across.

Before the infuriated young City Lord could react, before the esteemed masters and experts next to him could respond, the stream of flame light had already penetrated through the young City Lord’s body.

“Gu... you...” The young City Lord widened his eyes in disbelief, his face twisted in horror. He lifted his hand in a futile effort to strike back, wanting to say something, but it was already too late.

“Young Lord!”

“You deserve to die!”

The first to react was Quasi-emperor Xu Shaohua, but it was already too late.

And Zhang Longcheng, after the initial great shock, his mind suddenly went blank. In his mind this was simply something impossible. Someone had killed his son in front of him?

My son... has died like that
?

Boom!

In the end, the body of the young City Lord, like a watermelon pounded by a hammer, suddenly exploded, red and white substances splattered, which immediately turned into fine blood mist and dissipated in the void.

Even in death, he still could not believe that someone dared to kill him in front of his father.

The experts and soldiers of Central City were also frozen to the spot, completely stunned, like struck by lightning.

What happened?

The... the Young City Lord is dead?

It was a scene that they had never thought of.

Shao Xuzheng was as miserable looking as though he had eaten a dead mouse. He had never thought that such a scene would happen. Thinking about what Ye Qingyu had said before, Shao Xuzheng suddenly realized that perhaps today he also had made a wrong decision?

If this young man with red hair and a red robe could defeat the City Lord and the group of esteemed masters...

With this thought, Shao Xuzheng gave a violent shudder, and almost wet his pants.

“It’s impossible, impossible.”

Shao Xuzheng was praying sincerely in his heart.

As for the Dark Ones they were dumbstruck long ago.

They couldn't understand what was going on.

This was beyond the realm of their understanding.

Silence.

A deathly silence.

The dirt field of the little Bitter Hill Village had never been soaked with the blood of so many high and mighty Guardians, especially an influential person like the young City Lord of Central City of Luoshen Ridge, who usually did not even take a glance at this place. But now, his life had come to an end on this little dirt field.

After a full ten seconds.

“No... My son...” Zhang Longcheng, as though he had awakened from a dream, suddenly emitted a roar of anger like a beast, blood in his eyes, glowering at Ye Qingyu, “You're dead, you...”

“That's what I was going to say to you.”

Ye Qingyu took a step forward and pointed out one finger.

In an instant, there were Dao sounds rising secretly and laws surging in the void.

A magnificent force pressed down at Zhang Longcheng.

At this time, Ye Qingyu had recognized that Zhang Longcheng was one of the murderers who killed Ren Puyang. Therefore he directly took action and did not waste time taking to these scum.

In truth, even if Ye Qingyu did not need to avenge Ren Puyang, he still wouldn’t have been able to restrain his murderous intent. Based on the violent crimes that Zhang Longcheng had committed, including the killing of the black-haired Dark Ones and allowing his men to catch slaves to kill, a ruler like him already deserved to die.

Given Ye Qingyu's strength, he could follow his heart's desires and do as he pleased. He did not need to worry about the so-called Guardian camp and the power of the law. He only needed to adhere to his own beliefs.

In Ye Qingyu’s heart, these black-haired Dark Ones were part of the Human Race.

Since it was a matter of the Human Race, he naturally would take care of it.

The Dao sounds were faintly discernible.

Between heaven and earth there was a majestic force surging.

And following Ye Qingyu's move, Zhang Longcheng's anger was as though extinguished by a bucket of ice water all of a sudden.

A horrified expression came onto his face.

For he immediately felt the terror of the power that was coming head-on, which was not an attack that he, someone who was infinity near the Quasi-emperor realm, could defend against. He realized that the young man, who had long red hair and was dressed in a flame red battle robe, should be a Quasi-emperor existence.

At this moment, he had completely forgotten about the death of his son, but also had no time to think over why a high and mighty Quasi-emperor would come to bring trouble to him.

“Elder Xu Shaohua...”

Zhang Longcheng, like a snail fallen into a swamp, triggered his strength in a desperate struggle, and then screamed for help.

Xu Shaohua’s figure flashed, shielding Zhang Longcheng at the critical moment.

The esteemed Quasi-emperor master had an extremely solemn expression on his face, knees slightly bent, and lifted both hands up from the waist. His left hand drew an arc in a clockwise direction and his right hand drew an arc in the opposite. It was evidently some kind of extremely terrifying technique. A yin and yang pattern suddenly emerged from his abdomen, vibrating rapidly and launched out.

Boom!

Dao sounds rumbled.

But there was no power dissipating.

None of the people around them were affected.

Xu Shaohua reeled back four of five steps, spewed out blood, the glow on his face rapidly changing, and then a scorching hot breath gushed out from his mouth, nose, eyes and ears. This was the scorching hot qi that had entered into his body, which he dispelled.

And opposite him, Ye Qingyu still wore an indifferent expression.

With one move, the winner and loser was decided.

Zhang Longcheng felt that his heart had instantly froze.

He was also a top expert of martial arts, and was one step away from the Quasi-emperor realm. He knew more than anyone else what effect the small gap between the two great Quasi-emperor's on the surface had in the process of deciding on the final outcome of the battle.

“You... who are you?” Zhang Longcheng asked in shock and anger.

He appeared fierce but was cowering inwardly.

“It doesn't matter who I am, what's important is that you have to die.” Ye Qingyu slowly moved closer, saying, “From now on, I will rule the Luoshen Ridge, I will open up a new era here... The Dark Realm has been quiet for too long, and the present Luoshen Ridge is already deteriorating, like a ditch filled with bugs and maggots, requiring cleaning and tidying up with the power of flames.”



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1111:


Chapter 1126
–
Mystery: A similar medal



As Ye Qingyu was speaking, there were rumbles of thunder in the sky, like a response from the laws of the Dao sounds. It was as though the vault of heaven of the Dark Realm had also sensed his will.

Zhang Longcheng instantly had an abrupt change of expression.

From Ye Qingyu’s tone of voice, he sensed an iron-like determination and a vast willpower, which made him realize that the other side was clearly not here just for any personal grudges. Such people were the scariest, because there was nothing that could change their minds.

But Zhang Longcheng still couldn't control his fury.

“You really do not respect the Guardian camp,” he said with a darkened face. “I am a noble clan bestowed by the Guardian camp, in control of governing the Luoshen Ridge, and is protected by the whole camp. But you have touched me, which means you want to go against the entire Guardian camp. Even if you possess earth-shaking divine power, it won't be enough to go against the whole Guardian camp. I advise you to think twice.”

“The whole Guardian camp?” Ye Qingyu raised his head, looking at the gloomy sky. “I hope the rest of the places are not as messy as it is in the Luoshen Ridge. Otherwise, I would be really disappointed in this so-called Guardian camp.”

“You really are too arrogant.” Quasi-emperor Xu Shaohua's expression was indefinitely gloomy. “Do you know what would be the consequences of what you said just now?”

“Oh?” Ye Qingyu cast a glance at him, “What are the consequences?”

“The [Guardian Imperial City] will issue a wanted order so that you would be hunted by everyone of the Dark Realm. At that time, even if you have the ability to escape to the great thousands of domains outside the city, you will still be chased after. In the great wide world there will be no place for you to stand.” Xu Shaohua spoke in a threatening tone of voice.

“Oh, is that so.” Ye Qingyu looked at him and suddenly asked, “Are you a human being?”

Xu Shaohua was taken aback, not knowing why he asked him this question but still nodded, “That's correct.”

“Since you are able to achieve the Quasi-emperor realm, you must be a descendant of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors back then, is that right?” Ye Qingyu then asked.

Xu Shaohua's face glimmered with a hint of pride. “Yes, I am a descendant of His Majesty the [Ocean Sand Emperor] of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors. The most pure and primitive blood of the Emperor of the Human Race runs in my body.”

“Since you’re a descendant of the [Ocean Sand Emperor] and has reached the Quasi-emperor realm, then excuse me for asking but in these years, what have you done for the Human Race?”

“Ah?” Xu Shaohua immediately understood the meaning of Ye Qingyu, and snapped, “I have traveled everywhere, sheltered the Human Race, and have killed dark beasts. I am now invited by City Lord Zhang Longcheng to station at Luoshen Ridge to protect the people, I...”

Ye Qingyu sneered, pointing to the wounded black-haired Dark Ones on the small dirt field who were shivering, panic-stricken and were forced away from their homes. “Protect the people? Is that how you protect them?”

Xu Shaohua sneered, “These lowly citizens are inferior to bugs, are they worthy of my protection?”

The shivering black-haired Dark Ones, upon hearing such words, suddenly hung their heads lower, both sad and angry, but were powerless to change anything.

Becaue on the Dark Realm, this was the situation of the Dark Ones.

Ye Qingyu then asked expressionlessly, “Is that right? Have you ever been to the battlefield at the borders and fought against Invaders?”

Xu Shaohua replied firmly, “Fighting against Invaders is what the inferior Sinners should do. I certainly will not go there.”

Upon hearing this, Ye Qingyu's heart was increasingly icy cold. “But I heard that the [Ocean Sand Emperor] was from a lowly social status and a subsidiary of the Demon Race. Later he had also sheltered your so-called lowly citizens, and if I had guessed right, His Majesty the [Ocean Sand Emperor] has also fought against Invaders?”

“Shut up.” Xu Shaohua's face reddened in embarrassment, “Are the matters of my family something trash like you can talk about, you...”

“You shut up,” Ye Qingyu snapped, strands of hair spreading out. “Shameless, I have never seen such a shameless person as you. You say you’re a descendant of His Majesty the [Ocean Sand Emperor], but what you do is against your clan and ancestors. As a descendant of a martial arts Emperor of the Human Race, you don’t shelter the Human Race, you don’t fight against Invaders, and instead ride on the head of the Human Race and abuse your power, exploiting the people who were once sheltered by the [Ocean Sand Emperor]. You have forgotten the goal that your ancestors had fought for. A trash like you, how did you cultivate to the Quasi-Emperor realm? Also how can you shamelessly live to this day?”

His voice, like a rolling thunder, shook heaven and earth.

In the sky, bolts of heavenly lightning were flickering and dancing wildly. It was as though the vault of heaven would also collapse from Ye Qingyu's wrath. A majestic aura, with Ye Qingyu as the center, reverberated through heaven and earth.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu's fiery-red long hair was fluttering in the breeze, like flames washing away and purifying the mortal world. On this long endless night, he radiated a bright fire-like aura.

“You...” Xu Shaohua's nose was puffing out steam.

Had he ever been scolded like this before?

“It seems that you still do not repent on your actions. So stubborn, then I'll send you on the road.” Ye Qingyu had lost the patience to continue lecturing this despicable person. He took a step forward, pointing out one finger again.

The powers of laws were surging once again.

The roar of the Dao sounds resembled raging waves.

A transparent flame finger pressed down at Xu Shaohua.

“[Seven Layer Tidal Waves]!” Xu Shaohua roared, once again forming the Yin and Yang pattern with his palms. A terrifying Quasi-emperor strength filled the air, layer upon layer, like ocean waves. One wave struck another, until there were seven layers of waves. Each time the strength violently doubled, and after the seventh layer was formed, the power that his Yin and Yang palm contained was far beyond the strength he should possess.

This was the real profound meaning of the [Ocean Sand Emperor's] martial arts mantra.

However, everything was no use now.

When the flame finger pointed out, it had already completely broken the power of the Yin and Yang palm, like a piece of paper being incinerated by a flame.

Then the giant flame finger crushed down at Xu Shaohua's body. In the midst of cries of disbelief and desperate struggle, he was incinerated upon contact like a paper figure. In a flash, this arrogant Quasi-emperor was burned to ashes, dissipating between heaven and earth.

Before Ye Qingyu had reached the Quasi-emperor realm, he already could kill a Quasi-emperor. And now that he had achieved the realm of Quasi-emperor, accumulated great knowledge and experiences, his battle strength at this time could be described as almost invincible and just under the martial arts Emperor. Moreover, the [Life Sword Mantra], which had been fused with many martial skills in the [Fiendgod Titled Chart], was incredibly powerful and shocking. If he did not have to conceal his true identity and thus only able to use the power of flame to kill Xu Shaohua, a Quasi-emperor existence, how would he need to waste so much effort.

However, such a scene, in the eyes of others, was almost like a miracle.

A Quasi-emperor, a real Quasi-emperor was killed like that? He did not have time to use any secret techniques or remarkable skills before he was burned to ashes?

Even Eleven, at this moment, was also dumbfounded.

He knew that his new master was terrifyingly powerful. Otherwise he would not have been able to break through all of Ye Chen’s means and killed him. However, he did not think that what Ye Qingyu displayed when he killed Ye Chen was just the tip of the iceberg of his strength.

After all, only he knew that, in order to cover up his real identity, Ye Qingyu did not reveal his ice origin power and sword intent. He had already held back in his move just now.

And Zhang Longcheng instantly felt that he had fallen into an ice cave.

His most powerful existence among the esteemed masters and his largest support in the entire Central City of Luoshen Ridge was crushed to death like a bug. This meant that the battle was already completely over already.

He turned around and fled.

He did not even say a single word.

And the direction of his escape was not Central City of Luoshen Ridge.

But towards the void in the north.

For he knew that the Central City of Luoshen Ridge would no longer belong to him and that he would only die if he were to go back. It would be better if he fled to other places and ask for help from the Guardian camp.

“Come back.”

Ye Qingyu waved his hand.

A vast magnificent power, like a black hole, instantaneously dragged back Zheng Longcheng who had already fled hundreds of kilometers away.

Zhang Longcheng only felt everything blur in front of him, like the flow of time and space, then he realized that he had returned to the dirt field of Bitter Hill Village.

“You... are you really going to go this far?” Zhang Longcheng roared like a beast fallen into a trap.

Ye Qingyu did not speak, but his action spoke for itself.

The terrifying power of laws, following Ye Qingyu's thoughts, wrapped around Zhang Longcheng, squeezing him to death in the void.

“Ahhh ahhhh...” Zhang Longcheng frantically roared. “You want to kill me, kekekeke... It’s not that easy, I am a noble bestowed by the Guardian camp, I have the medal of nobility. Hahaha, I can be spared death...”

Amid the roar, he summoned out a strange brass medal.

The medal was the size of a palm, emitting strange rays of light, and flowing with the aura of a martial arts Emperor. It gradually suspended up, hovering above Zhang Longcheng's head. The brass-coloured light, like a shield, fully protected him in it.

Ye Qingyu's power of laws was not able to break the shield.

“That's...” Ye Qingyu trembled, a look of disbelief crossing his face for the first time.

How could this be?

This medal... it's...

Ye Qingyu found that the medal of nobility that Zhang Longcheng had summoned out was unexpectedly exactly the same as the brass medal his father left with him in Deer City. Whether it was in the shape or the fine seal carving, there was no difference. The only difference was that the medal his father left him was smaller than this medal.

Coincidence?

Or...

This set off stormy waves in Ye Qingyu's heart.

And at the same time, the mist emitted by the medal of nobility was scattering in all directions, the brass glow fell on Ye Qingyu, and then something strange happened.

Ye Qingyu only felt that the qi and blood of his body were uncontrollably bubbling up all of a sudden. Currents of blood and qi were rushing through the meridians, passing over the skin and bones, and eventually rushed to the top of his head, and then, like an invisible brush, drew out a large character above his head.

Seeing this writing, Zhang Longcheng suddenly screamed out like a slaughtered pig——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1112:


Chapter 1127
–
The Demon of Sin



“You are a Sinner!”

Zhang Longcheng exclaimed in shock as though had he seen a ghost in the daytime.

He was dumbfounded and even forgot to struggle and escape.

Because, above Ye Qingyu's head, that blood mist was twisting and charging up, like a coiling dragon, writing out a huge ancient seal character——

Sin!

A huge word ‘sin’.

That red qi and blood mist were like the most conspicuous blood ink in the world. The sky was treated as a canvas, the heaven and earth as the background, wandering indefinitely, brightening and fading, changing and alternating. However, the word that it formed was unprecedentedly clear. It emitted a strong bloody and ruthless smell, giving an incomparable demonic and evil feeling. It was as if a high and mighty Immortal was making an accusation.

Ye Qingyu looked up at the sky, similarly extremely shocked.

It was the first time this kind of thing had happened.

His qi and blood had uncontrollably charged out his body and transformed into a huge word ‘sin’.

Does this mean, as Zhang Longcheng had said, he was a Sinner?

Ye Qingyu went into deep thought.

And on the other side, Eleven also had an abrupt change of expression, similarly a look of stunned disbelief.

His expression was no less exaggerated than Zhang Longcheng.

What was going on?

Heavens, his new master was a Sinner?

Impossible?

This was something that Eleven had never thought of.

“But that's not right...” In Eleven's mind there were incessant thoughts constantly streaming through.

His new master grew up in the Vast Thousand Domains, and became famous there, how can the blood of the Sinners be flowing in his body?

It was not logical at all.

What Eleven knew about was far more than that of the average person, and more than Ye Qingyu.

The Sinners were a unique race in the Dark Realm, and there was no reason for them to be wandering into the Vast Thousand Domains.

Not to mention that there was no other barriers besides a Waterfall of Chaos on the path from the Vast Thousand Domains into the Dark Realm, but to leave the Dark Realm there were several hindrances. In particular, for beings that had lived in the Dark Realm for generations, it was simply impossible. Because back then the great ancient martial arts Emperor, who established the Dark Realm, had set up laws and the Dao power to constrain the beings in the Dark Realm. Even the martial arts Emperors who were born in the Dark Realm could not walk through the Waterfall of Chaos. Once anybody entered through the waterfall it was tantamount to provoking the will of all the ancient martial arts Emperors.

Since ancient times, it was unknown how many martial arts experts of the Dark Realm, because they yearned for the bustling and bright world outside, had tried to leave and eventually suffered a death of thousands of tribulations. Even geniuses with luck that defied the heavens eventually died in the Waterfall of Chaos.

Since ancient times, only a few of the top forces of the Dark Realm that had mastered the extreme secret laws, after paying a huge price, were just able to send one or two experts into the Vast Thousand Domains.

Ye Chen of the Ye clan was a great example.

Ye Chen had paid a huge price. He, along with one or two confidants, passed through the Waterfall of Chaos and then quietly lurked in the world for many years. He secretly cultivated the [Yellow Sand Hundred Battles Golden Armoured Army], until it was confirmed that the ancient martial arts Emperor's will and laws really would not follow to the Vast Thousand Domains, then he made a strong appearance. In the end before he had time to show his ambition, he was suppressed by Ye Qingyu. All the planning and schemes vanished like smoke in thin air.

It was precisely because it was so difficult to travel from the Dark Realm to the Vast Thousand Domains, especially for the beings native to the Dark Realm. It was simply impossible to cross the vast dark plains and the Waterfall of Chaos. Therefore Eleven knew it was impossible for Ye Qingyu to be a Sinner. It should be said that those hindering laws and will was especially powerful on the suppression of the Sinners.

Otherwise, if the beings of the Dark Realm were able to enter the Vast Thousand Domains at will, the vast world would have long been divided and ruled by the forces of the Dark Realm. There would not be a Domain Alliance. After all, there were countless Quasi-emperors in the Dark Realm, and even martial arts Emperors had been born there before. There were even rumours that there were martial arts Emperors still living there. If the world was compared to a beautiful and warm greenhouse, then the Dark Realm was the real purgatory colosseum. Martial arts experts trained in a different environment were not the same level at all.

But now, what was going on?

The huge ‘sin’ character that hovered over Ye Qingyu's head made Eleven's mind go blank.

Moreover, Eleven had seen the Sinners before. In his memory, the ‘sin’ word above their head was at most hundreds of meters high and only spread out in the void up to the size of a four thousand square meters. But the word above Ye Qingyu's head was like a beam of blood light, rocketed up thousands of meters, and spread across tens of thousands of square meters of land. This ‘sin’ character really was tremendous.

For the Sinners, the size of the ‘sin’ character symbolizes the degree of richness of the blood of sin.

The richer the blood of sin, the larger the ‘sin’ character, and the greater their sin.

At the same time, it also meant that their talent was terrifying, and once grown up could slaughter gods and demons. In other words, they were simply a sinner among Sinners.

Sin was also a strength.

Rumor has it that, back then, the ancestors of the Sinners were once incredibly terrifying existences. They had once destroyed the heavens and earth, killed gods and demons, and had created rivers of blood that were thousands of kilometers long in the Dark Realm. The Dark Realm was simply turned into an underworld hell. Having committed a huge killing sin, many ancient sages and martial arts Emperors had joined forces to expel them, and had planted the curse of the laws of sin in their bodies. In the future, subsequent generations would also inherit this curse. Their blood would always be flowing with the blood of sin. They must always atone for their crimes, until one day they had performed exceptionally meritorious services to clear their sin, only then would they be free.

Could the new master be a demon of sin?

With this thought Eleven’s jaw almost dropped.

The demon of sin was the Sinner among Sinners. It was rumoured that all were madmen who had slaughtered all beings in the world.

Thinking of the story he had heard of Ye Qingyu in the Vast Thousand Domains, thinking about his nickname of [Ice Sword Killing God] and the number of Quasi-emperors who had died in his hands, the more that Eleven thought that his guess was correct. Ye Qingyu was known around the world as a murderous demon, and rumoured to have killed tens of thousands of foreign race experts on the Capital Sky Peak... This perfectly matches with the legendary demon of sin.

For a moment, Eleven didn't know what to do.

As for the others...

The black-haired Dark Ones, who also knew about the Sinners, were not too stirred up.

Because in comparison to the Guardian camp that had constantly suppressed and exploited them, although they had heard about the legends of the Sinners, they seldom came into contact with the Sinners and had no substantive contact with them. Their feelings towards the Sinners were not as clear as they had towards the Guardian experts. Thus it was not important for them whether Ye Qingyu was a sinful person or not. Because they had seen that, tonight, on this little dirt field, Ye Qingyu was fighting for them. Even if Ye Qingyu was a Sinner, they were willing to associate themselves with the Sinners and were willing to join the nearest camp.

The experts of the military camp and the esteemed masters were already in continuous shock. Previously, when Ye Qingyu killed Xu Shaohua in one move, that had already made them lose their thinking ability. But now, seeing the huge ‘sin’ character, which occupied half the night sky, and bathed in the red light of the blood-red ‘sin’ character, they felt as though they were entirely immersed in rich blood. They were all paralyzed with shock, forgot to escape and forgot to resist.

Soon, Ye Qingyu gathered all the information, forcibly activated the blood and qi in his body to withdraw it.

The ‘sin’’ character had disappeared from the sky.

“It's all over.” He moved towards Zhang Longcheng to kill him to avenge Mister Ren Puyang.

He had already determined that Zhang Longcheng was one of the killers.

“No, you can't do it, I'm from a noble clan, I...” Zhang Longcehng was incomparably terrified, drawing back as he frantically triggered the medal of nobility. The brass glow flowed and formed a shield that protected him in an attempt to withstand against Ye Qingyu's terrifying power.

This medal, which was made by a peerless expert of the Guardian camp, contained the will of martial arts Emperors. It was only possessed by a noble clan, and not only was it a symbol of identity, it also had a very strong defense and the ability to attack. It was a powerful treasure comparable to pseudo-imperial weapons.

But for Ye Qingyu, something like this was simply not going to stop him.

In the end, the shield of the medal of nobility was broken through by him.

“Ah... Forgive me.” Zhang Longcheng screamed tragically, “Help me...”

Unfortunately, whether it was the experts of the military camp or the esteemed masters, or the battleship in the sky, all were silent and simply dared not to make a move, because Little Ten had already emitted an aura that directly suppressed these experts. They simply could not participate in this fight——Moreover, even if they had the power, they would not make a move because even a fool could see that Ye Qingyu was terrifying, incredibly terrifying, and had the power to destroy everything.

“Go to the underworld and repent over those who had been harmed by you.”

Ye Qingyu attacked, directly killed Zhang Longcheng, and incinerated him into smoke that dissipated in the void.

His flame power was based on the power of chaotic lightning, able to incinerate even a Quasi-emperor. Therefore, he easily killed Zhang Longcheng.

“Withdraw!”

As soon as Ye Qingyu reached out his hand, he drew the medal of nobility, which had almost fled into the void, directly into the palm of his hand.

On closer inspection, except for the size, it was indeed identical to the medal that Ye Qingyu had. After investigating it with the [Eyes of the Void], Ye Qingyu found that the material of the two badges were also very similar, a material that was unknown to him. Then after an observation with his divine sense, he discovered that inside the medal of nobility there was a huge storage space, where Zhang Longcheng's most precious treasures were stored in. Ye Qingyu lit up with joy when he saw this. It was an unexpected harvest. In addition to a large number of cultivation resources and weapons, there were some jade scrolls, ancient books, maps, antiquities, keys and other things. These were obviously not ordinary objects.

Ye Qingyu knew that there should be a lot of information hidden in them that he wanted to know.

But now he was not in a hurry to look.

“Set off, go to the Central City of Luoshen Ridge,” Ye Qingyu commanded. The experts, soldiers of the military camp and the airship in the sky had no choice but to follow his orders.

The Dark Ones cheered.

At this moment, the distant horizon revealed a hint of whiteness.

The darkest time before dawn was over, and light was about to befall the earth——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

