Chapter 993:


Chapter 1009, Fight against a Quasi-emperor

The moment Ye Qingyu snapped open his eyes, he saw the figure in a golden robe.

He did not know who the golden-robed figure in front of him was.

But he felt an extremely terrifying aura exuding from the other side.

This aura was not brought by powerful strength, killing intent, nor was it from the expression in his eye or other things. The feeling was very bizarre. Just by standing there he felt an uncontrollable fear, panic, and couldn't help but have the urge to kneel down and kowtow.

Quasi-emperor!

These two words emerged in Ye Qingyu's mind in an instant.

It was a feeling.

There was no need to speak, no need to ask.

Then, Ye Qingyu saw the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit.

The former arrogant successor of a supreme force at this moment had his head hung low, shivering like a frightened ostrich burying its head in the soil.

“You're awake?”

The gaze of the golden-robed figure shifted back from the [Immortal] word on the plaque of the main hall, looking at Ye Qingyu with a faint smile, and without the slightest anger.

Ye Qingyu nodded, inwardly on guard.

His yuan qi cultivation base had truly reached the Great Saint realm, and responsive ability was increasingly clearer. He felt an unprecedented danger was shrouding him, and a chilling sense of crisis was constantly provoking his sea of knowledge. Although a Quasi-emperor was high and mighty and that it was impossible for someone of the Great Saint realm to detect the intention of a Quasi-emperor, but Ye Qingyu could not think, besides the golden-robed figure being a Quasi-emperor, what other people could pose a threat to him?

The person in front of him must have come with bad intentions.

“You have just stepped into the Great Saint realm, your Yuan qi has not yet transformed fully, nor have you penetrated the mysteries of heaven and earth. If I were to kill you now, you certainly would not be convinced.” The golden-robed figure spoke indifferently and frankly, “But I have other important things to do here and cannot drag this battle out for too long. In order to find you, I have already wasted sixteen hours, and waited two hours for you to break through, so now I can only give you another half an hour. Properly understand the mysteries of heaven and earth after stepping into the Great Saint realm, and half an hour later I'll send you on your way.”

Quasi-emperor Mushan was very polite.

In his heart, Ye Qingyu was worthy of receiving such treatment from him.

After all, he was a peerless Heaven's prideling of the Human Race. He saw very clearly that, if Ye Qingyu doesn’t fall, in not too long of a time he might possibly even ascend to Quasi-emperor.

Ye Qingyu had an abrupt change of countenance upon hearing this.

It was one thing to feel danger and bad intention, but it was another to hear a Quasi-emperor say he's going to kill you.

“Could there be some deep hatred between Elder and I?” Ye Qingyu drew a deep breath and asked.

He gave an inward wry smile.

This was a Quasi-emperor.

Although in the past he had never had a change of expression even if Mt. Tai collapsed before his eyes, at this moment he felt doomed.

Quasi-emperor Mushan did not respond, drawing his finger across the Void. The water rippled and a mirror appeared, on which a figure was shown. The face was clear, like a real person had come out of the mirror.

Ye Qingyu immediately understood.

He turned out to be the older brother of the handsome youngster who he had killed in the [Tusita Palace].

At that time, the subordinates of the handsome youngster also said that there was a Quasi-emperor figure behind them.

Then there was nothing he could do.

In the face of a Quasi-emperor, it was the first time that Ye Qingyu did not have confidence in himself.

“Thank you, Elder.” Ye Qingyu bowed his head with a wry smile.

Operating the nameless breathing technique, he quickly calmed himself down and had completely given up the plan to escape.

Under the watchful gaze of a Quasi-emperor, if he were to run away he would die faster than fighting him directly.

Ye Qingyu gave a cupped fist salute, and began to observe his situation, understanding the tide of power of heaven and earth.

Now that he had left the Inner Saint state, the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] had gone outside of the body. Both of his feet had stepped into the boundary of the Great Saint realm. His divine sense allowed him to clearly understand the profound meanings between heaven and earth, and he could feel that beneath the ground there was a vague and rhythmic mysterious pulsation. He could feel the cheerful singing as the water flowed, and the formation rhythm in each building of the [Dragon Palace].

It was as though Ye Qingyu had gained a divine eye, able to see the bright or dark, the strong or weak invisible divine light expanding and shrinking in this space.

This strength and weakness were comparative.

And these divine lights were only seen in this bizarre state of the divine eye.

The buildings of the [Dragon Palace] were all strengthened with ancient formations, dazzling like a group of blazing flames. The stronger the formation, the more intense the divine light, like a living creature. The light around the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit was extraordinary, and the flames were several hundreds of meters high, like a big fireball; however, compared to Quasi-emperor Mushan next to him, it was several times worse.

At this moment, Quasi-emperor Mushan, in the divine eye of Ye Qingyu, was like a fire star, like the scorching sun, emitting rays of blinding light and blooming divine light that was enough to devour the entire [Dragon Palace]. It was so strong that Ye Qingyu dared not to look at him directly. Even with a glimpse, he felt a sharp pain in his mind like his sea of knowledge was about to explode.

Ye Qingyu did not dare to look again. He made good use of his time to understand the changes in his body, guiding the flow of yuan qi of heaven and earth, and feeling his integration with heaven and earth. This was the first priority after achieving the Great Saint realm, to completely transform the Inner Saint yuan qi into the yuan qi of heaven and earth. Only then could he really display the strength of the Great Saint realm.

Time passed by.

The tens of millions of pores on Ye Qingyu's body were frantically absorbing the yuan qi of heaven and earth. There were strands of white mist coiling up. Following the beating of the heart, the inhaling and exhaling, there were terrifying yuan qi surging like waves.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit had also been through this process.

But at this point, he too was astounded.

“This thing of the Human Race has just entered the Great Saint realm, but in a few moments he had already triggered the thunder of heaven and heaven, like a soaring tide. Even compared to many Great Saints, his essence, qi and spirit are beyond imagination. His luck is indeed invincible. As long as he completes the transformation of the Inner Saint yuan qi, he would definitely soar to the sky. I am already no match for him. If I were to encounter Ye Qingyu, not only would I not be able to seriously wound him, I would not even be able to escape for my life...”

The Young Lord was more afraid the more he thought.

He was a peerless Heaven's prideling, moved unhindered across the world, and almost known to be invincible among the younger generation, but he was still far inferior to Ye Qingyu. His heart was filled with uncontrollable jealousy and resentment with this thought. But then he sneered inwardly,
so what if you’re talented and invincible, would you be so lucky in front of a
Quasi-emperor
?

In a twinkling, half an hour had almost passed by.

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth and gasped.

Suddenly the surrounding water formed into a whirlpool invisible to the naked eye, which was the change of the tide and the law of power of heaven and earth under the control of Ye Qingyu. But the ripples within the [Dragon Palace] were not in the slightest affected. And Ye Qingyu’s body, after taking in a deep breath, suddenly expanded like a little giant, muscles bulged, bones flashing golden light, blood vessels protruding like dragons coiling around his body.

His body had absorbed the terrifying power of heaven and earth in an instant like a vessel.

This was also the strongest state he could achieve today.

Then, he slowly rose to his feet.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] flashed out, spinning incessantly as it suspended above his head, releasing yellow mist. An aura that did not belong to the human world diffused out. Ye Qingyu’s strength had skyrocketed, and under his control, the power of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] multiplied several times, illuminating the Entire [Dragon Palace] with a golden glow.

“Huh? You have such treasure in your hands.”

Quasi-emperor Mushan's eyes flashed.

He felt an ancient emperor aura from the [Cloud Top Cauldron], vague but vast and infinite, and could hold all things in the universe, which made him a little fearful.

No wonder he was the blessed child of the Human Race.

“Are you ready?” Quasi-emperor Mushan took a step forward.

Suddenly, an ear-splitting roar like a collapsing mountain and an indescribable aura assaulted his senses.

Even if his strength had soared, even if he had the protection of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], Ye Qingyu still felt that everything had darkened in front of him, then sparks sputtered in all directions, and he was almost suffocating, blood overflowing his mouth

The gap between a Great Saint and a Quasi-emperor was simply too great.

It was only one step but Ye Qingyu was almost severely wounded.

Without the [Cloud Top Cauldron], his muscles and bones would have been crushed to pieces.

Pff pff pff!

Ye Qingyu directly spurted three mouthfuls of blood onto the cauldron.

Buzz!

A huge magnificent sound reverberated. The cauldron, like a giant bell, produced a loud metallic noise, rippling the Void, and shook the power of laws at a frequency beyond the naked eye. Strange power surged, diminishing the pressure that was brought out with Quasi-emperor Mushan’s step.

“Ah... pff!” The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit felt a force coming at his face, like the dust of a hurricane, before he spurted out a jet of blood and was propelled hundreds of meters away, slamming into a distant crystal fountain.

Ye Qingyu frantically operated the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

In the face of a Quasi-emperor, his incomplete sword domain, the God Emperor sword intent and all other methods were unable to withstand a single attack.

Only the power of the ancestor murals on the [Cloud Top Cauldron] might have the possibility to win.

“Ancestors please descend.”

Ye Qingyu bellowed, spraying out mouthfuls of blood.

Under his frantic activation with yuan qi, the murals on the [Cloud Top Cauldron] had indeed began to move.

A tall and burly giant-like ancestor emerged from the first picture of a hunting scene amid mist and brilliance. The figure was ten metres tall, with body hair resembling steel needles, hair dishevelled, and was emitting intelligible low roars, like a fiendgod had come out of a primitive age. His body was slightly half squatted down, wielding a long stone spear in one hand, and after a brief pause, aimed the stone spear at Quasi-emperor Mushan and hurled it out.

Rumble!

The [Dragon Palace] quaked.

The Void was broken.

“Huh?” Lightning-like divine light burst forth from Quasi-emperor Mushan’s eyes. “It’s... this power?”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 994:


Chapter 1010, The door of the Immortal Palace opens

The stone spear pierced through the air.

The trajectory was clearly visible.

In the distance, the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit, who had just gotten up, spat out a mouthful of blood, cried out in fear and retreated wildly.

He was incomparably shocked to find that the terrifying force that burst out from the spear far exceeded what he had imagined.

It was no longer ordinary power, but the true use of the law.

Although the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit did not face that attack head-on, and was only glancing at the stone spear from afar, he still felt as though he was being torn by an invisible killing intent. The stone spear contained a strange distortive power that could even twist and send his eyes into disorder. There was a very bizarre feeling. In the face of this stone spear, even a Great Saint who had understood the mystery of the power of law would feel like a prey facing a hunter, unable to avoid and would only die.

The expression on Quasi-emperor Mushan's face also began to grow serious.

Standing where he was, he suddenly stood up straight, eyes flashing, lifted his finger and pointed to the distance.

This finger, as though it contained the power of thousands of kilograms, was extremely slow. Even given the cultivation base of Quasi-emperor Mushan, his movements still seemed clumsy and slow, and as though he had to use all the strength in his body to just barely raise this finger.

Boom!

A resounding sound was so loud that it resembled a giant bell.

It was unknown where the noise came from.

Quasi-emperor Mushan’s finger slowly moved across the air and in the moment that he was almost pierced, the tip of his index finger pointed to the tip of the stone spear.

The stone spear, which contained the power of destruction, froze all of a sudden.

Then, silently, it transformed into stone fragments and powder, scattering in the water.

Subsequently shattering to pieces was also the ancient ancestor who hurled out the stone spear.

The stone spear ancestor had died.

His attack did not succeed.

“It surprises me that you have such a treasure in your hands.” Quasi-emperor Mushan's eyes lit up, twinkling brightly like stars.

It was a normal reaction of excitement from the memories of the thrill of battle.

Now that his cultivation base had reached such a level, it was as if he had experienced hundreds of lives of tribulation. Therefore, his spirit and mind must have completely integrated, and he had returned to his true self, able to express happiness and anger at will. His mind was as pure as that of a newborn baby, unable to be affected by evil.

Gazing at the [Cloud Top Cauldron], he exclaimed, “Wonderful, since you have such a treasure in your hand then I can allow you to make another move, what else do you have? Bring it all out.”

“Your highness, please do not hesitate to correct me.”

Ye Qingyu's face was devoid of expression as he prepared his second move.

“Then, ancestors please descend again.”

Following his bellow, there was another sound that resembled an ancient bell being struck.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] was rotating constantly, but the speed was increasingly slower, as though under great pressure, and then a number of clangs sounded.

With each clang of the bell, there was a mysterious message flowing in Ye Qingyu's mind.

One second felt as long as tens of thousands of years.

Ye Qingyu had entered into a kind of strange divine state, seemingly to have forgotten everything.

His physical body, which had cultivated to a peak state, had reacted with a response before his mind. With a roar, his body bulged, like the ancient ancestors. He raised his hands, pressing his fair jade-like palms onto the edge of the cauldron. Then all of a sudden, his muscles bulged, like lofty mountains, and his arms like two channels of qi were endlessly pouring yuan qi into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

The mysterious aura grew more intense.

The misty Immortal aura emitting from the cauldron, which resembled the mysterious yellow chaotic fog, shrouded Ye Qingyu. The outline of the first mural became more and more clear and a burst of ancient primitive shouting and killing voices could be heard.

Two ancient ancestor hunters had come out.

The two ancient ancestors, like the previous stone spear ancestors, were naked, strong and dark like iron, barefooted, and had hair covering their body all over. There was only a straw skirt that covered their private parts. They were both at least ten metres tall, like little giants. The cries they made were intelligible but it was as though they were chasing down a prey that had fallen into encirclement.

A strange aura was flowing out from the two ancestors, which faintly was enough to counter the imposing manner of Quasi-emperor Mushan.

One of the two hunter ancestors held up a sharp rock with angular edges over his head, and the other had a wooden torch in his hand, from which scarlet red flames were leaping about, and seemed to be commanding something...

“Huh? One became two, it's just an increase in quantity?” Quasi-emperor Mushan shook his head, “What a disappointment.”

He made a move again.

As before, the index finger slowly pointed out.

The two great hunter ancestors clearly felt the coming danger, and let out deafening roars.

The first ancestor launched the sharp rock out of his hands, which crackled in the Void, and shattered the wall barrier of the Void, leaving pitch-black Void cracks in the waters. The Void fragments spiraled, merging with the rock, and like a black dragon had been submerged in Void fragments, sped towards Quasi-emperor Mushan.

The other ancestor blew at the wooden torch in his hand.

Huu.

The weak flame leapt up, instantly turning into a white-beaked, one-legged, indigo, white-spotted bird. With its appearance, the water within hundreds of meters suddenly evaporated, forming a vacuum zone and moved towards Quasi-emperor Mushan with engulfing force.

“Bi Fang? Interesting.”

Quasi-emperor Mushan recognized that the giant flame bird was the legendary mythological animal of flames, Bi Fang.

As the legendary flame ancestor, Bi Fang had always been a mythological creature of fire attribute martial artists. In the present Vast Thousand Domains, there was a number of branches of Demon Races said to have the blood of Bi Fang, possessed deep mastery of fire techniques, but still could not reach the fierce and frightening power of Bi Fang, which was said to be able to incinerate all lands. But with just a blow at the torch, the Bi Fang that transformed out was the real soul of Bi Fang, and that flame was enough to incinerate even a Great Saint.

Unfortunately, the opponent was a Quasi-emperor.

Quasi-emperor Mushan flicked his index finger, breaking the angular sharp rock, and the remaining energy subdued the fragment-formed black dragon. Then, with a blow, even the incomparably fierce soul of Bi Fang had vanished like an extinguished candle.

Everything in the Immortal Palace had returned to normal.

Hiding thousands of meters away, the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit still had not calmed down.

He looked at Ye Qingyu, looked at the cauldron, and could already feel a storm had been set off in his heart.

No matter how powerful Quasi-emperor Mushan was, the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit would not be in the slightest bit surprised. After all, he was a Quasi-emperor. In the countless years that martial arts Emperor had not emerged, Quasi-emperors were existences that had stood at the pinnacle of the martial world, almost enforcing justice on behalf of heaven. But Ye Qingyu was only a Great Saint who had recently emerged and had only been in the world for around twenty years of time, yet he was able to exchange blows with a Quasi-emperor. This could only be described with the word ‘miracle’ and in defiance of the natural order.

It was at this moment that he understood how terrifying Ye Qingyu was.

It turned out that in the previous fight, Ye Qingyu had not truly displayed his hidden cards, but instead used him and the other people as a grindstone to polish himself. If Ye Qingyu had directly summoned out the cauldron and the ancient ancestors then the six Great Saints most likely would have died on the spot.

Thinking of this, the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit felt a cold feeling in his heart.

But at this moment Ye Qingyu simply did not notice him at all.

His three consecutive attacks that were enough to instantly kill top Great Saint experts were all effortlessly countered by Quasi-emperor Mushan. It as the first time that Ye Qingyu had felt so vividly the terrifying power of a Quasi-emperor. The crisis and shadow of death had unprecedentedly shrouded the heart of Ye Qingyu.

“It won't work, even if you summon the nineteen ancient ancestors on the murals, you still cannot threaten me.” Quasi-emperor Mushan seemed to have lost the interest he had previously. Shaking his head he continued, “The power of an ancient Emperor weapon is beyond your imagination, unfortunately with your current strength it is difficult for you to completely activate it. You have not even displayed a tenth of its true power.”

Ye Qingyu didn't speak.

Because he knew that Quasi-emperor Mushan was right.

But even so, he didn't want to admit defeat.

The Great Saint yuan qi in his body rumbled, frantically injecting into the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. At this moment, Ye Qingyu was going to go all out.

Quasi-emperor Mushan strode forward, sighing, “I know, I know you’re not satisfied, but this is your fate, even if I give you a period of time to allow you to understand the profound meaning in this cauldron, you still cannot hurt me, let alone beat me. Without it, the difference in strength between you and I is too big. You have to understand that an Emperor weapon can only display its real power in the hands of an Emperor. You are a Heaven's prideling of your generation, but will soon be covered in dust. Only in my hands would the cauldron be able to show its real power. This is your fate.”

“I... never believed in fate,” Ye Qingyu roared. “My fate is decided by me.”

Holding up the [Cloud Top Cauldron] with both hands, he frantically activated his consciousness power and instantly summoned out the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill].

Slice!

The [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] transformed into a giant sword of hundreds of meters and made a slash in the air.

The Void of the world was split into two under the sword.

It was unknown how much blood and essence of Saint experts that Ye Qingyu had painstakingly accumulated in the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill]. The power contained was complex, but could be said to be earth shattering. All this power was poured out with the slash of this sword, like a disastrous flood of a river. The entire [Dragon Palace] was filled with earth-shaking sword qi, blood light shot into the sky and nothing could obstruct this sword.

“En? Good, you indeed still have a hidden card!”

Quasi-emperor Mushan smiled.

“Sunset mountain... violet!”

His eyes transformed into yin and yang, which were born from chaos. There seemed to be a starry river flowing in his eyes, from which countless large stars were generated and annihilated. The most magnificent power of the universe seemed to be hidden in his eyes, which eventually turned into a wisp of purple brilliance, bursting forth from his eyes.

This was clearly an extremely astonishing eye technique.

Ding!

Like the tinkle of two needles striking.

The purple brilliance collided with the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill].

Time and space, at this moment, seemed to have gone still.

It was as though time had frozen when the two forces collided.

In the distance.

“Ah, no... this power... how could it be... run... run, run, run!”

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit screamed out in horror upon seeing this scene.

He had already retreated far away, but at this moment still felt the annihilating power of the impact. He dared not to even think about what would happen if a trace of such power touched him. Transforming into a stream of light right away, he did not even cast a glance behind him.

The next moment——

Boom!

An earth-shaking hurricane-like force turned into layer upon layer of invisible halos of light, frantically spreading in all directions.

Where it passed, the crystals, golden palace halls, crystal statues, fountains, and walls, including the terrifying formations they contained, like ashes in the wind, scattered at a speed visible to the naked eye. Everything was reduced to the most fine powder particles, dissipated, annihilated, and eventually turned into nothingness.

Quasi-emperor Mushan's body swayed, taking a step back.

But it was just one step.

He retracted the light in his eyes, and any other force that invaded within ten meters of his body had vanished right away.

“That's...” Ye Qingyu's pupil constricted, “The Quasi-emperor domain?”

Within ten meters of Quasi-emperor Mushan, there seemed to be an annihilative energy field that instantly destroyed any external forces. Even the power of the laws seemed not to be able to cause it the slightest of harm.

Quasi-emoeror Mushan’s domain was the same as his sword domain.

Ye Qingyu present's sword domain was still only in its rudimentary form, not even one tenth of its true power. But once perfected, it was also a domain force field, just like the remarkable ability that Quasi-emperor Mushan had shown.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu's eyes widened, instinctively capturing the profound secret of the domain.

Unfortunately, the next moment, the impact of the collision, like an ocean storm, had drowned him completely.

As though it had sense danger, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] automatically rotated rapidly and produced resounding rumbling noises. Vast Immortal aura in the shape of a giant bell shrouded Ye Qingyu in it.

I can't retreat!

This thought emerged in Ye Qingyu's mind.

If he retreated then perhaps there was a glimmer of hope of surviving, but he had promised the million-year-old soul to guard the Immortal Palace for a day of time, to act as his protection, to assist him in thoroughly refining the Immortal body and to regain his body. For the million-year-old soul, this was an important stage to his rebirth. Watching the statues in the crystal palace in the distance shattering into ashes under the aftermath, Ye Qingyu knew that if he withdrew then, even if the Immortal Palace was not crushed and affected by the impact, the million-year-old soul’s efforts would be wasted.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu, without any thought, his body made a response obeying the will of his heart.

He clenched his teeth, activated the [Cloud Top Cauldron] with all his strength to shield the Immortal Palace.

Boom!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Endless waves of the aftermath struck, endless sounds of explosions could be heard.

Only three or four seconds had passed, but the giant bell formed from bright yellow Immortal qi was already destroyed, terrifying struck the [Cloud Top Cauldron], and with every impact, Ye Qingyu’s arms shook violently. In the blink of an eye, he was struck thousands of times. His arm was lacerated, and flesh and blood were directly crushed into minced flesh, exposing his gold-like bones and joints, where blood-coloured formations were flashing. Then, cracks began to spread across his bones, like porcelain about to break...

It was evident what terrifying force he was suffering at this moment.

It was only just ten seconds of time but for Ye Qingyu it felt like ten centuries.

Boom!

Amid the rumble, his golden bones and joints in the end were unable to bear the terrifying impact, cracked and shattered into powder.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] erupted in a blaze of golden light.

Pff!

Ye Qingyu wildly spurted out blood.

His flesh had been torn open, as though burned by flames, exposing the bones beneath.

In a blink of an eye, he had turned into a badly mangled humanoid skeleton.

I'm going to die?

Ye Qingyu roared in his heart.

The power of a Quasi-emperor was like the punishment of the heavens, and not what the power of a Great Saint and an ancient emperor weapon could withstand.

I'm not retreating, I will never retreat.

What I have promised Elder... I must... do it.

Even if I die... even death, can’t bring me to my knees.

My martial arts is in this battle.

I will not retreat, and I will also not die!

Ah ah ah... as long as I persist, I'll be able to...

Ah ah, anyway, I won't retreat!”

Won't retreat!

Never!

As though his consciousness had been inhibited, he could not feel the pain of his body long ago, only tremendous pressure crushing down endlessly like waves. He was like a boat going against the current, like the journey against life, like tracing back time, and like space-time flowing backwards. In any case, all his essence, qi and spirit, all his will and strength, and all his everything had been turned into an action, a word——

Against!

Going against the force.

He must not retreat.

This was increasingly clear in the world of Ye Qingyu’s consciousness.

His bloodied and badly mangled skeleton, like a pillar in a turbulent stream, was rooted to the spot, letting any oncoming pressure lash him to pieces, destroy his flesh and blood, and crush his bones...

Life and death was only in a flash.

Swoosh!

A blood light shot back and was nailed to the exposed chest bone of Ye Qingyu.

It was the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] that had already lost its brilliance.

The tremendous power allowed the badly mangled Ye Qingyu to take another step back.

At this moment, his backbone was almost affixed to the door of the Immortal Palace.

But it was also at this time that the terrifying aftermath finally faded.

It was like the tide receding.

Crash!

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] that had lost its spiritual nature and luster, like an object without an owner, fell next to Ye Qingyu.

The skeleton-like Ye Qingyu was still standing in the same place.

The [Dragon Palace] had turned into ruins.

Only the Immortal Palace behind Ye Qingyu was still standing tall and intact.

Silence!

An incomparable silence.

Drip!

It was the sound of blood and flesh falling on the crystal steps.

What remained of Ye Qingyu were only a damaged heart and bones tainted with blood and flesh.

But he had blocked it.

An incredibly strong willpower that could not be described with words had allowed Ye Qingyu to withstand with a miraculous force. Even if he might have been turned to ashes in the last moment, he had finally completed the impossible task, did not allow the aftermath force to strike the Immortal Palace.

Quasi-emperor Mushan finally revealed a look of shock.

“So you are guarding this palace hall?”

Understanding dawned on his face.

There was an expression of shock, slight anger, and somewhat admiration.

In front of him, all the Human Race junior thought of was to guard the Immortal Palace, rather than to escape, to survive.

What kind of martial arts heart was this?

What kind of promise was this?

There was such a person in this world?

And what was in the Immortal Palace that would unexpectedly make a prodigy of the Human Race guard it even at the expense of his life?

Waves of turmoil were lifted up in the heart of the Quasi-emperor.

“To survive this blow, you are indeed worthy of respect. Usually, I will certainly let you live, but...” Quasi-emperor Mushan could not help sighing. Unfortunately, he had made a vow to avenge his brother, in order to sever off the last worldly worry and allow him to completely fuse the Quasi-emperor’s mind and heart. Only then would he stabilize the imperial throne in the future. This was a serious matter, and even if he admired Ye Qingyu, he still would not spare him his life.

“Young man, I will send you on the road with the [Finger of Annihilation].”

Quasi-emperor Mushan very quickly swept away the negative emotions in his heart, stretching out the index finger.

A mighty force was about to engulf Ye Qingyu.

Even Ye Qingyu at his peak state could not withstand against this finger.

Not to mention that Ye Qingyu was already at the point of death and did not have the slightest energy to fight back.

In a moment, Ye Qingyu’s body and bones were about to turn to ashes and drift away...

It was at this time that an unexpected change happened.

The closed door of the Immortal Palace was suddenly flung open.

A slender and tall figure slowly came out of the door.

The figure was naked all over, and his skin was like jade and not like that of a human. There was not a strand of hair all over his body, and his skin was as smooth as jade. It was extremely bizarre. It was as if he was an incarnation of a rock spirit.

He walked very slowly.

But the next moment, the hairless figure, like an illusion, appeared in front of Ye Qingyu. His tall and burly figure blocking everything for Ye Qingyu. Then slowly like before he lifted his hand. The power of the [Finger of Annihilation] was held by such a slow and leisurely stance, gently pinched, and turned the attack into nothingness.

The corners of his mouth were slightly curved upwards.

The figure smiled, “Is it fun to bully a junior? Now, I will take everything for him.”——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 995:


Chapter 1011, Chaos Demon Emperor

“I see.”

Quasi-emperor Mushan gave a faint smile.

“No wonder, when my younger brother was killed, I had tried to sense the scene of the killing, but my perception was obstructed by some sort of powerful ability. It is difficult for a junior to do this. Previously, I thought that it was his ancient Emperor weapon that blocked the mystery known only to the heavens, but it turns out that there is unexpectedly still a mighty figure behind him. Just now this human junior would rather die than to retreat, in order to guard you, to act as your protection. It is indeed a rare scene.”

Understanding dawned on his face when he saw the hairless strange person.

“Your brother brought about his own death, you can't blame other people,” the hairless jaded person stated.

He was naturally the million-year-soul who had finally refined the Immortal body.

It was just that his present state was a little strange.

Quasi-emperor Mushan nodded, “I know what he did had brought about his death, but so what?” He was a Quasi-emperor, and who kills by the heart. Even if Ye Qingyu had not killed his brother, he still did not need a reason to kill Ye Qingyu. When did a Quasi-emperor need to explain to others what they do?

“After you.” The million-year-old soul smiled.

There was no need to say anything more. A battle could solve everything.

“Good.”

Quasi-emperor Mushan took a step forward.

With this step, terrifying imposing manner surged violently. The weight of the whole world seemed to be behind him, and the power of the law was sent roaming around. The Void was similar to an undercurrent swamp, tumbling.

The million-year-old soul burst into loud laughter, also taking one step forward.

He opened his mouth and inhaled, generating a deep black hole in his mouth, and sending the surrounding rays of light and Void into distortion. His mouth seemed like it could devour all things, including the laws and aura released by Quasi-emperor Mushan. Like a whale drawing in water, everything was inhaled into his mouth. Then, the [Dragon Palace] ruins suddenly restored calmness.

“[Finger of Annihilation]!”

Quasi-emperor Mushan maintained an indifferent face. He knew that it was naturally impossible to defeat the opponent with one step. With a thundering noise coming from his mouth, he pointed towards the distant Void.

It was different from the previous move he used against Ye Qingyu.

This time, it was not the index finger, but the thumb.

In the Void, the space was sunken in.

With the press of a finger, a transparent fingerprint of hundreds of meters was instantly generated. The fingerprint was distinct, lifelike, and the arches, loops and whorls on the finger were clearly visible like mountains and rivers. The entire fingerprint was flowing with numerous hidden formation markings as it directly pressed down from a height of hundreds of meters. What was bizarre was that, this fingerprint did not contain any power, nor was there any ripples or waves; it was floating like an illusory bubble.

“Neither one thing nor the other... have you only learned some superficial knowledge of the [Great Ten Veins of Annihilation Sutra]?”

The million-year-old soul had a look of disappointment across his face, standing where he was he opened his mouth and drew a deep breath again.

As before, like a whale sucking in water, he directly inhaled the huge fingerprint, which formed into a bright speck of starlight and swallowed into his mouth. His cheeks puffed up, and his face flushed a red colour. The next moment, a ball of bright silvery light was seen moving along his mouth, throat, and organs and eventually spread to the dantian location, disappearing immediately. Then, everything returned to normal.

“How do you know about the [Great Ten Veins of Annihilation Sutra]?”

Quasi-emperor Mushan revealed a look of surprise.

He clearly felt that the naked jade-like strange person had not reached the boundary of Quasi-emperor, yet his body was like a bottomless black hole, able to absorb and contain everything. Adding to this, his opponent was able to identify his own martial arts background and that he had inadvertently received the handed-down techniques of the race of the Void. After becoming a Quasi-emperor there had been no other person that was able to see through his background and inheritance.

“There is nothing in the world that I do not know.” The million-year-old souls tone spoke in an arrogant tone of voice.

Quasi-emperor Mushan's face grew solemn.

In his eyes, there were gradually violet divine light accumulating, evolving into stars, starry rivers, and purple clouds.

This pair of eyes seemed to be able to see through all the mysteries of the world. Heavenly sounds were rumbling in the Void, and the might and power of a Quasi-emperor pervaded the air. “You exude an ancient qi, your life force is destroyed, and should have died long ago. But you're still on the line between life and death, as though sprouted from rotten corpses. You’re a life of nothingness and should not exist in the present. You... could it be that you are a soul who crawled out of the grave and was reborn?”

“Haha, your [Violet Eye of Great Annihilation] is still a distance away from the realm of understanding the heaven and man, and you do not understand the handed-down techniques of the Void. How can you see through my origin?” The million-year-old soul laughed.

An invisible force gushed from his laughter, which as before, was a terrifying suction force, pulling all the crystal fragments of the [Dragon Palace] ruins towards him. Amid the whizzing noises, countless crystals shrouded him, forming into a crystal armour, and he was no longer naked.

Quasi-emperor Mushan, whose heart was as firm as a rock, was unshaken and simply gave a slight smile in response.

“A verbal battle is not beneficial, take my [Sunset Mountain... Violet!”

Before his voice faded.

Two violet dragons burst out from his eyes, howling, coiling, and fusing into one, like two divine dragons emerging from an abyss, like two dragons playing with a pearl. The great power of annihilation it contained was aimed at the million-year-old soul. The violet colour dyed the Void completely. His power and laws, like a star exploding in the Void, were unbelievably strong, forcibly taking away all the brilliance of the world. It was unknown how many times more powerful it was compared to his attack against Ye Qingyu's [Blood Drinker Sword Pil].

It was evident that the Quasi-emperor did not exert all his strength when he dealt with Ye Qingyu's killing move.

“Back then, golden swords and iron horses gulped ten thousand kilometerslike tigers!”

The million-year-old soul stood up straight and tall as he recited a verse of a poem, seeming to have restored to his peak state of the past.

Behind him was the image of a very powerful army, like a scene of the past had transcended time and space. There were thousands of kilometers of mountains and rivers stained blood-red, hundreds of armour-clad generals, and among them was a tremendous white tiger of over one thousand meters treading across the bone battlefield. As though suddenly awakened, he suddenly looked up and roared, opening his mouth to swallow.

Battle between the dragon and tiger!

The white tiger against the violet dragon.

“What?”

Quasi-emperor Mushan was shocked.

The white tiger leapt up, its claws clutching the violet dragon, and its mouth widened to swallow it into its stomach.

In a battle between Quasi-emperors, extraordinary sights were the same as luck.

The result of the battle of extraordinary sights was the outcome of the exchange of blows.

In this exchange of blows, he had lost.

As expected, the million-year-old soul opened his mouth to swallow the violet-eyed dragon exactly the same as the way the [Finger of Annihilation] was swallowed. The million-year-old soul’s head expanded, cheeks puffed up, and his muscles bulged. This was especially so for the cheeks, it was like a toad that had both its cheeks bulging with air, his skin becoming translucent like paper.

It was exactly the same as when he swallowed the [Finger of Annihilation].

But obviously the power of devouring this time was much more magnificent than before. The face of the million-year-old soul was constantly changing between four different colours, red, orange, blue, violet, seeming to be transforming, digesting and swallowing the forces. Eventually all the power had transformed into a ball of blinding violet light. It was unknown how many times more dazzling it was than the previous silver light. Then, it traveled down his throat, neck, chest and to the dantian position, and eventually disappeared.

At the same time, the body of the million-year-old soul grew more and more majestic. An invisible charm was diffusing out of his body.

His aura was also quietly changing.

What kind of secret technique was this?

Quasi-emperor Mushan looked aghast.

“Who are you?”

He stared at the million-year-old soul, making some guesses in his mind.

The techniques that the million-year-old soul had shown were too bizarre. Even at this time, Quasi-emperor Mushan still could not perceive the true power of the million-year-old soul. He only knew that the person before him was like a black hole, unfathomable, bottomless, and no matter what force or object would be engulfed by this black hole, crumbled and vanished. Even someone as powerful as Quasi-emperor Mushan had failed to see through the opponent’s technique and martial arts background after three consecutive moves. It was a very bad sign.

More importantly, the million-year-old soul had only been defending and had not fought back.

If he were to attack then how earth shattering would it be?

What made Quasi-emperor Mushan more bewildered was that the opponent was able to identify his background right away.

“Didn't you say? There is ancient qi exuding from my body. I am like a sprout grown from rotting corpse... Since ancient times, who can reincarnate from a rotting corpse? And here, where is this place?” The million year-old soul smiled.

His body all of a sudden changed dramatically.

Strands of black hair wildly grew from his smooth white jade-like baldhead like vines, hanging over his shoulder and down to the waist. Every strand of hair was flowing a healthy glow, like leaping black flames.

Not only that, brows and a beard also grew out almost in an instant.

His brows were like swords, forehead plump, eyes bright like stars, nose straight, cheeks round, and his ears were thick and wide...

The uncomfortable feeling that his original appearance gave, after the growth of hair and brows, had immediately disappeared.

At this moment, the million-year-old soul, clad in crystal armor, was extremely handsome.

His skin resembled white jade Immortal stone, without the slightest flaw, and even the most beautiful woman in the world would feel jealous. Every inch and every part of his whole body was perfect. It was as though the creator had given the best things in the world to his body. This perfection made him look not like a living being, but a carefully carved piece of art.

When he laughed, there was a demonic charm to his face, and vaguely there was a mysterious and unfathomable demonic aura.

This demonic aura was identical to the demonic qi that was everywhere in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

“You... it's you...” Quasi-emperor Mushan suddenly seemed to understand something, and cried out in disbelief, “Growing a sprout out of death is a skill of reincarnation... you are the Chaos Demon Emperor? You... could it...  you have finally finished your one hundreth reincarnation? Heavens!”

The Quasi-emperor, whose heart was as firm as a rock, also couldn’t help exclaiming uncontrollably——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 996:


Chapter 1012 - Leaving the Hall


"Since you know who I am, do you still want to continue battling?" the million-year-old soul said with a smile.

A strange demonic force spread outward and caused the entire [Dragon Palace] to tremble slightly. Then, a clear, mysterious ripple spread from the bottom of the lake, as though a change had taken place that affected the entire world, which conveyed a sense of delight. The entire world at the bottom of the lake responded, and it was rejoicing and bubbling merrily as though celebrating the rebirth of someone or the return of their previous owner.

"Impossible. You..."

Quasi-emperor Mushan was completely astonished.

He felt the mysterious power growing clearer and more intense, and he found it hard to maintain his composure. Despite saying that it was impossible, he was almost certain of the million-year-old soul's identity and knew that the situation was not in his favor. He transformed into a ray of flowing light in a flash and immediately fled, giving up on the idea of battling.

A wise man would not stand under a collapsing wall.

This was the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, and it was where the Chaos Demon Emperor reigned.

In the ancient era, the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor was extremely notorious, and no one knew how many heaven-defying traps were laid all over the Reincarnation Hall. Back in those days, the Chaos Demon Emperor had used this divine temple to crush many ambitious heroes and great men. He had also been a true emperor of the martial way with unfathomable magical abilities and bore the Mandate of Heaven, so even if he had yet to regain his magical abilities on the martial way after his reincarnation, once he took control of the Reincarnation Hall and activated its killing tactics, a Quasi-emperor could be killed instantly. Since they had already become enemies, this meant that the battle would not end unless either one of them was dead. Thus, it would be very unwise for him to remain here.

This was Quasi-emperor Mushan's conclusion.

Therefore, he chose to leave.

Once a Quasi-emperor was determined to leave, it would be very hard to stop him.

Furthermore, the million-year-old soul had no intention of stopping him.

The mysterious rhythm that affected the entire area grew more evident.

The million-year-old soul let out a sigh of relief.

"Senior, are you truly the Chaos Demon Emperor?" Ye Qingyu's voice rang out from behind.

His injuries were extremely serious, but by this time, he had reconstructed his physical body.

After all, he had just reached the Great Saint realm and his blood qi was abundant while his yuan essence was as boundless as the sea. Even if his body were to be crushed to pieces, he could regain his body using his mental command as long as one wisp of his spirit still existed. Most of his injuries earlier were physical injuries, and due to the protection of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], his spirit was only slightly damaged, so he had already restored his physical body earlier when the million-year-old soul first clashed with Quasi-emperor Mushan and he had been watching the battle unfold.

However, his physical body had sustained heavy injuries, so his condition was not good.

His inner yuan was almost completely exhausted and he had dipped below the Great Saint realm. He would need to cultivate and nourish it again before he could step into the Great Saint realm once more.

Fortunately, he had already experienced this breakthrough once, so returning to the Great Saint realm would not be too difficult. As long as he had enough yuan qi to sustain him, he would be able to smoothly reach the Great Saint realm.

"I am who I am, not somebody else."

The million-year-old soul turned to look at Ye Qingyu with a smile of gratitude as he said, "This is all thanks to you. If you hadn't spent so much effort to help me find this place and protect me even at the risk of death, it would have been almost impossible for me to regain a physical body. Don't worry, I'll definitely make up for whatever losses you sustained this time."

"Senior, you flatter me. I've managed to come so far today thanks to your tutelage in the past. As the saying goes, a drop of water shall be returned with a spring in kind. I've only done what is expected of me." Ye Qingyu sensed the wisps of Immortal qi from the figure in front of him and immediately knew that this body was the legendary Immortal Body. The million-year-old soul had finally managed to become one with the Immortal Body at the final moment and had emerged out of self-isolation in advance to save him. He said gratefully, "After all, not everybody would be able to survive after battling a Quasi-emperor, and more importantly, not everybody would be able to witness a clash of Quasi-emperors at such close proximity. Whatever I've seen and experienced earlier is already more than enough to compensate for the things I've done for you."

These words were the truth.

A clash between Quasi-emperors was a clash of laws and the Great Dao.

Ye Qingyu had battled Quasi-emperor Mushan earlier that day, and although he had almost died, whatever he managed to gain from watching the clash of Quasi-emperors later was an experience of a lifetime. If he did not perish that day, he could capitalize on whatever he witnessed from those two battles to improve drastically along his own martial way.

A battle of Quasi-emperors was a battle of Daos and every Quasi-emperor's Dao was extremely refined to the point where it almost resembled the Heavenly Dao of Destiny. It was only slightly less powerful than a Martial Emperor, which was why Quasi-emperors were able to bear half of the Mandate of Heaven. To a martial artist with Ye Qingyu's cultivation, witnessing a clash of Quasi-emperors was the equivalent of observing the Heavenly Dao in action. The enlightenment and experience he gained were even better than hundreds and thousands of years of self-cultivation and comprehension.

Those who survive a catastrophe will definitely be blessed with great fortune.

Once he refined everything he had witnessed today into his own wisdom, Ye Qingyu's strength would definitely surge tremendously within a short period of time.

Furthermore, Quasi-emperor Mushan's relentless force had sparked the ignition of Ye Qingyu's potential, and so the rate of him merging with the [Cloud Top Cauldron] had increased by leaps and bounds. This was a significant benefit that he had reaped from this battle. The more he sowed, the more he would reap.

Unfortunately, the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] had taken the brunt of Quasi-emperor Mushan's attack, which resulted in the blood essence and yuan qi that it absorbed from the various experts to be completely exhausted. Cracks had also appeared on the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] while the primeval formations within it had also cracked. It now looked dull, without any luster. When Ye Qingyu took it off his sternum, he felt his heart ache from his loss. He had personally refined this weapon and it had limitless potential, not to mention that it had saved him from danger on many occasions. But now, he would need to refine it for a length of time before it could regain its original form.

"Senior, what are we going to do next?" Ye Qingyu asked once more.

He did not dwell too long on the matter of whether or not this million-year-old soul was truly the Chaos Demon Emperor.

The million-year-old soul's answer earlier had been very subtle and could be interpreted in countless ways. Ye Qingyu grasped some of the meaning within it and knew that the million-year-old soul would not answer even if he continued to probe further. However, when he thought back to what had transpired thus far, including how the million-year-old soul had provided him with such accurate guidance the entire time, and how he had confidently guaranteed the safety of Nan Tieyi, Hu Bugui, and Little Nine, this was enough to clarify the doubts he had.

No matter what, he was sure that the million-year-old soul was closely linked to the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

"Do you feel the tremors in this world?" The million-year-old soul's expression turned grave, then he said, "The chance to become Emperor has already appeared, and if I'm not wrong, all the other Quasi-emperors have started to fight for it. A fight amongst Quasi-emperors could easily cause the deaths of millions… This means that it won't be long now before the Reincarnation Hall rises into the Heavens and departs. Next, there will be a massive bloodbath and the experts from the various forces who entered this Reincarnation Hall will have to go through a baptism of blood and fire. Your journey in the Reincarnation Hall should come to an end here. You have already obtained the treasured pill furnaces from the [Tusita Palace], which could be considered half the luck in this place, then followed it up by witnessing a Dao battle between Quasi-emperors, so your gains are considered way too heaven-defying. If a container is too full of water, it will overflow, so if you continue to benefit from this journey, the Heavens would punish you instead. What do you think if I send you out of here?"

"Uh…" Ye Qingyu was slightly hesitant.

He was not greedy for more, nor did he covet the chance to become Emperor. The million-year-old soul had spoken truthfully and he had gained a lot from this trip to the Reincarnation Hall—to the point where it could be considered heaven-defying. As the moon waxes to wane, the water brims to overflow. If he was not content with what he had, his luck might turn against him and the consequences could be disastrous.

He was hesitant because he was worried about Nan Tieyi, Hu Bugui, Little Nine, and his friends.

"I know what you're worried about. Don't worry, they have met with their own opportunities and are no longer within the Reincarnation Hall." The million-year-old soul promised him once more.

"If that is so… are you also going to fight for the chance to become Emperor?" Ye Qingyu asked.

The million-year-old soul nodded, then shook his head as he said, "Times have changed and now that a million years have passed, the Mandate of Heaven is no longer on my side. I still want to take a look… Haha, I shouldn't miss such a grand event. I have to do something, even if it's just to prevent this chance from falling into the hands of evil forces. Perhaps it is time for me to do something for this world since I've reincarnated."

It was clear that he was not too hopeful about obtaining the chance to become Emperor.

The million-year-old soul also made it clear that he knew about the existence of the evil forces and was worried that this chance to become Emperor would fall into the hands of those forces.

"If that is the case, I'll have to trouble you to send me out of this place."

Ye Qingyu had made up his mind.

"Sure."

The million-year-old soul nodded approvingly.

He was very pleased to see that Ye Qingyu could come to this decision on his own. Since ancient times, all the Heaven's pridelings had been prideful and arrogant, but if they did not know how to be content with their lot, it would be like a snake trying to swallow an elephant and their luck would transform into a great calamity resulting in disastrous consequences. It took great wisdom to know when exactly to stop, and not all wise and intelligent men would be able to come to this conclusion.

"Remember this... after the chance to become Emperor has been obtained, this doesn't mean that the chaotic situation will end. Instead, it will be the beginnings of a massacre. This world is about to descend into chaos and madness, so you shouldn't go too far away from the Wei River Mountain Range and you should be prepared to rescue some people. I'm afraid that something bad might happen when the battle of the Quasi-emperors come to an end that might require you to do your best to salvage the situation. Hopefully, you will have already managed to convert all that you have gained today into your own strength… Remember this, remember this!"

The million-year-old soul spoke extremely solemnly.

As soon as he spoke—

A strange and abundant force surged forth and enveloped Ye Qingyu within it.

Before he could even react, he suddenly felt his vision blur.

When his vision cleared up, he saw that something unbelievable had happened.

He could no longer see the ruins of the [Dragon Palace], nor the bottom of the lake, nor the buildings within the Reincarnation Hall…

Ye Qingyu had been teleported out of the Reincarnation Hall in an instant and found himself standing in the void one thousand meters from the Divine Emperor Peak.

He could still clearly see the black palaces of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor on the peak of the Divine Emperor Peak in the distance.

However, compared to when everything had first begun, it was now shrouded in a layer of Chaos aura.

The large stone gates that marked the entrance to the palaces were now tightly shut.

At the moment, countless experts loitered outside the Reincarnation Hall. There were so many of them that they looked like a swarm of bees. They circled the Divine Emperor Peak, trying to search for a chance to enter, but unfortunately, they were too late and the stone gates had already shut by the time they arrived and it was impossible for them to enter the Reincarnation Hall. They were extremely enraged and anxious, but they were helpless to do anything about it because all the treasures and opportunities within the Reincarnation Hall now had nothing to do with them.

Ye Qingyu's sudden appearance in the Void immediately attracted some attention.

"Hmm? Someone has been teleported out!"

A peak Saint expert of the Demon Race exclaimed in excitement and joy when he saw Ye Qingyu's appearance.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The sounds of something ripping through the air could be heard.

Instantly, countless figures rushed at him from all directions and completely surrounded Ye Qingyu.

"Haha, I'm sure he must have obtained something from the Reincarnation Hall… We mustn't let him escape."

"You're right. Those who witness this shall have a piece of the pie. Friend, hand over whatever you've obtained."

"Cackle, cackle! Give us whatever you've taken from the Reincarnation Hall. Otherwise, death awaits!"

Other various voices chimed in and he could see their eager, savage, and greedy faces all around him.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

