Chapter 509:


Chapter 529, Taking advantage of a confused environment

“If it wasn’t for the Greater One notice, do you think I was after the beauty of this bearded man?” Ye Qingyu grumpily said.

Old Fish gave a very wretched smile, revealing his yellow teeth, grinning, “Who knows, look, everybody says you are a super big pervert, you might not only have interest in women, but men too, those men were quite sturdy...”

Ye Qingyu was simply speechless.

Ever since they returned to land, Old Fis’s lack of integrity, behaviour, words and actions had turned all the respect that Ye Qingyu had towards this million years old figure into smoke.

Now, in Ye Qingyu’s mind, this Old Fish was almost equal to a scoundrel.

“Don’t talk nonsense, quickly look, see if you can erase the consciousness mark of the bearded man.”  Ye Qingyu could not bother with his nonsense anymore and spoke in an impolite manner.

If his mind was not trapped in the [Cloud Top Cauldron], and his consciousness drastically weakened, Ye Qingyu could have erased the drop of consciousness within that Greater One notice himself. Would he needed to ask the Old Fish?

Old Fish smiled, and with one brief, casual touch easily wiped away the consciousness of the bearded man on the Greater One notice, grinning as he handed it back over.

“So fast?” Ye Qingyu was a little surprised. “Do you not have a Dao injury?”

Old Fish evidently enjoyed seeing such an expression on Ye Qingyu’s face. He replied triumphantly, “The consciousness of a little trash of the Bitter Sea boundary, how much time does it need? No need to be so surprised! Although I said that I had sustained a Dao injury, but that does not mean that I cannot fight with that person, nor does it represent that I cannot use some consciousness techniques. I have been trapped in the bucket for more than 1 million years, besides healing the Dao injury, I have been cultivating my consciousness. Hey, in this current world, there is no one’s consciousness that can be compared to mine.”

Ye Qingyu received the Greater One notice. He slightly observed it for a moment, obtaining the information on it.

This notice offered the reward of 100 kilograms of Origin crystal and the acceptance of joining the Greater One Sect. And it also detailed some of the so-called ruthless crimes of Ye Qingyu, including the raping and killing of three female disciples of the Greater One Sect’s Clear Lotus Peak. It portrayed Ye Qingyu as an ignorant and brutal monster of a lower domain who will commit any crimes. But also further directed the enemy’s crime at Heaven Wasteland Domain, vaguely insinuating the fact that the people of Heaven Wasteland Domain were also devil-like villains from Hell.

“Interesting... they have an ulterior motive.”

Ye Qingyu was beginning to understand the Greater One Sect’s intention.

They wanted to take a hold of the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

This was likely all done to help pave the road for them to invade the domain.

The Greater One Sect wanted to invade Heaven Wasteland Domain?

Ye Qingyu thought of many associations.

And the most obvious sign was that, in addition to the arrest warrant of Ye Qingyu, at the very end of the notice, Greater One Sect attached another paragraph. The principal was going to hold a so-called Sword Storm meeting, to gather various masters and experts at Greater One Sect’s Lotus Flower Eight Petals Peak, in order to discuss a major event.

This Greater One notice could be considered as an invitation.

Of course these were not the only invitations. The real major forces and sects received a more refined and formal invitation.

“I was just about to find Xing’er, then better take advantage of this opportunity to sneak into Greater One Sect. What bullshit Sword Storm gathering, it is just a meeting to discuss how to invade Heaven Wasteland Domain, then I better go and mess things up.”

Ye Qingyu secretly pondered in his mind.

After a brief thought, he handed this Greater One notice to Old Fish, “Didn’t you just brag that your consciousness is unparalleled? Then I’ll give this to you, first let it recognize the owner, then with it, we can sneak into Greater One Sect, and kick up a storm.” The reason why he did not drop his own blood was because Ye Qingyu was worried that Greater One Sect would be able to, through this notice, detect his whereabouts. After all, a major influential sect like Greater One Sect surely would possess all kinds of secret techniques.

Old Fish’s eyes suddenly opened wide, a look of excitement across his face as he impatiently replied, “Haha, good, youngster, I really did not misread you, you have the courage, you wilfully go up a mountain despite knowing there are tigers... Hey, I can enjoy some lively, fun atmosphere again.”

Ye Qingyu, “...”

“Yes, this bullshit meeting is held one month from now, what are we going to do next?” Old Fish instilled his consciousness into the notice sheet for it to recognize the owner and read the information on it.

Ye Qingyu smiled, “Flowing Light City is the final big city that leads to Greater One Sect on Fragrant Plains, and also the transport hub of various places. There is no harm to staying here for the time being, we will surely be able to hear a lot of news, that way we can prepare easily, prepare a huge gift for Greater One Sect. Then when the moment comes, we shall deliver it to the door and let them have a good time.”

“Youngster, I feel that you have lots of evil tricks.” Old Fish’s cross eyes shot a glance at Ye Qingyu from sideways, then continued with a smile, “But, I admire you.”

……

……

For the rest of their time, the old and young really did stay in Flowing Light City.

Having gained rough insight into the great plot of Greater One Sect, Ye Qingyu was not in a hurry to find Yu Xiaoxing.

Because from the news that he gathered, after Yu Xiaoxing joined Greater One Sect’s Clear Lotus Peak, her days there were relatively stable.

Now the entire Clear River Domain had heard of the famous name of Ye Qingyu, even a lot of ordinary people had also heard of the news that a foreign domain barbarian had defiled several fairies of the Greater One Sect, which is like a direct, merciless slap to the face of the Lord-like sect of the Human Race of this domain. And this sort of news was constantly being spread around with a more exaggerated version every day.

But what Ye Qingyu and Old Fish had not expect was that, although Demon King Ye was clearly situated in Flowing Light City, there was still constantly news about him burning, killing, robbing and raping women circulating around.

“Hey, did you hear, that lower domain barbarian is causing trouble again, the daughter of the sect master of Golden Spear Sky Sect was defiled.”

“What? When did that happen? Was it not the wife of the sect master of Sky Ruling Sect?”

“Your news are old, the most recent evil crime of that lower domain demon was killing Divine Eagle Couple, Yang Feng and Zhao Ruoyun. It’s such a pity, heroine Zhao Ruoyun had a strong sense of justice, she had saved many women that had fallen into evil clutches, but when her body was found, it is said that she had no clothes on and her eyes were wide open...”

“He is detestable, wait till the heavens strike a lightning down to kill that lower domain barbarian.”

Such rumours circulated around Flowing Light City.

Every time Old Fish would gather around them, he would listen with great interest and would curse the lower domain demon Ye Qingyu together with the furious people.

Ye Qingyu had become completely immune to this already.

He rented out a room in the city’s largest restaurant Oblique Rain House, dwelled in deep seclusion and rarely came out, making best use of the time to cultivate.

Entering into the [Cloud Top Cauldron] daily to observe the ancient murals on the copper walls was one of the tasks that he must do everyday. These mysterious murals could greatly enhance the power of Ye Qingyu’s consciousness. During this long period of time, Ye Qingyu persevered, and the degree of the power of his consciousness, compared to that of before, had increased five or six times, which was comparable to some Heaven Ascension experts. Unfortunately, the majority of the power of his consciousness was still trapped in that mysterious space of the copper cauldron, unable to get out.

The most direct consequence was that Ye Qingyu’s powerful yuan qi was unable to be used to its full true strength.

The Ye Qingyu today, on the surface, seemed stronger than when he was in Heaven Wasteland Domain. His strength was approximately around 40 Spirit springs, but in fact, in his dantian desert world, in the 100 Spirit springs, the frightening yuan qi spring was surging up violently like the sea, containing an unimaginable explosive force. The stream in the sea of bitterness was also more and more massive, the vast expanse of ocean had stars, his real yuan qi strength was much more vigorous than that of many peak Bitter Sea experts.

Unfortunately, such powerful strength was restrained by his incomplete consciousness, and could not be mobilized.

However, through his great efforts these days, Ye Qingyu could vaguely feel that the force that was imprisoning his consciousness in the mysterious mural space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], was not as secure as before. It was instead gradually beginning to be loosened up.

He was beginning to feel some hope of bursting out of imprisonment.

The only thing that made Ye Qingyu surprised was that the process of refining the [Blood Drinker Sword] was much slower than he had expected——which probably had something to do with the fact that he had added a few drops of chaotic thunder liquid from the Dragon Seizing Wooden bucket.

After the success of the fusion of the first drop of thunder liquid, under the guidance of the Old Fish, Ye Qingyu relied on his understanding of the [Ultimate Lightning Enlightenment] and finally managed to incorporate another drop of chaotic lightning liquid into his own body.

Just as there was only 10 days until the so called Sword Storm meeting, Ye Qingyu had already succeeded in instilling three drops of thunder liquid into his body, transforming them into the strength of his own body.

According to Old Fish, even Heaven Ascension experts would fear the power of thunder and lightning that Ye Qingyu had currently mastered.

Ye Qingyu calculated the time and stopped fusing with the thunder liquid, and instead began to seriously cultivate some battle techniques that used the power of thunder and lightning.

Meanwhile, in Flowing Light City, experts from various sects and major forces, experts of the older generation, and current influential figures were beginning to appear.

Clear River Domain was a domain established from hundreds of races, and accordingly, the forces that Greater One Sect had invited, there were not only sects of the Human Race, ut also other major races, and even some rarely seen mysterious races, also showed up.

In this period of time, there was a storm gathering.

It was five days before the Sword Storm meeting, and Ye Qingyu and the Old Fish were on their way there.

They set out from Flowing Light City, along with a large group of martial artists, heading in the direction of Greater One Sect’s Lotus Mountain.

Old Fish claimed to be the sect master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect, and Ye Qingyu was his only disciple Tian Huang (TN: Heaven wasteland in chinese).

It has to be said that Old Fish had extreme talents in deceiving people, because in a short period of time of less than three days, just as they had just come to the periphery of Lotus Mountain, various stories about the Thunder and Lightning Sect had begun to circulate. Many people had sworn that they knew about this sect, and had a deep friendship with the previous sect masters of Thunder and Lightning Sect, and also their relationship with Old Fish, this fake sect master, was very good.

Ye Qingyu was stunned by this.

In less than three days, Old Fish had formed a sect, as well as perfectly spread about the ‘long history’ of this sect. And what was even more unbelievable was that many people believed him and addressed him as brother.

As a result, in front of the main gate of Greater One Sect, when the Greater One Sect disciples responsible for welcoming the various experts heard the relatively unfamiliar name of Thunder and Lightning Sect, and just began to question him, there were immediately dozens of leaders of several forces standing up to testify for Old Fish, making up the fact that they have been friends with Old Fish for hundreds of years and he was definitely trustworthy.

So the dumbfounded Greater One Sect disciples had really thought they were too ignorant, and hurriedly and politely let Old Fish and Ye Qingyu through the gate.

Ye Qingyu was utterly amazed by Old Fish’s ability.

Everything went smoothly.

He finally returned to the Greater One Sect once again.

Chapter 529, Liu Shaji

Interestingly, after entering Greater One Sect, Ye Qingyu was once again arranged into the odd job worker disciple area at the foothills.

The Sword Storm meeting held by the Greater One Sect was incredibly ambitious, and in order to increase the scale, besides invited large sects and major forces, many unknown martial artists from ordinary sects and forces had also received an invitation. But they were not allowed into the core area of the Greater One Sect, which was clearly a precaution. And sects with little fame and status, such as the Thunder and Lightning Sect that the Old Fish had made up, were generally arranged to the odd job worker disciple area at the foothills.

And the martial artists of small forces who were buzzing with excitement did not have much opinion on this matter, they were just happy to be able to come to Greater One Sect.

Greater One Sect was indeed the largest sect within millions of miles of radius, especially in the hearts of many martial artist of the Human Race of Clear River Domain. It was a sacred land of martial arts.

Old Fish and Ye Qingyu were arranged in a small courtyard.

After taking a circle around the entire odd job worker disciple area, Old Fish stood on a rock by the riverside, gazing into the distance, pretending to be an expert. He said twitching his mouth, “The scale of Greater One Sect is little, but their arrogance is not small. But this mountain range and terrain is quite interesting, looks like the ancestors of Greater One Sect should be very able people. Connecting the luck of the sect to the spiritual veins of this piece of land, it is a pity that these younger disciples have narrow vision. In order to pursue beauty and imposing style, they disorderly repaired and built buildings, destroying the most original layout. Hey, the foundations that the old ancestors left are almost all destroyed.”

Ye Qingyu saw that Old Fish was again showing off, immediately stood further away from him, and did not join in the conversation.

Old Fish flew into a rage, “What? You don’t believe me, kid? I assert that this Greater One Sect will encounter a disaster, and that time is not far away.”

“Why did you change your occupation to be a psychic?” Ye Qingyu said in a disdainful tone.

“What do you know, this is called qi watching, not only can it see the mountains and the rivers, and view the moon and stars, also look at the luck and fate. It is a very clever technique, the three forces - heaven, earth and man complement one another,” Old Fish said irritably. “The location of Greater One Sect is surrounded by beautiful mountains, clear waters and picturesque scenery, as a result there are many talents, many disciples. But the original spiritual veins formed along with the land had been forcibly divided into eight by these idiotic trashes. The eight peaks of Greater One Sect compete against one another, which seems to enhance the competitiveness of the sect, but in fact weakens the feng shui of the geographical location, disperses the spiritual qi of the location and accumulates heterogeneous qi. So I can conclude that the Greater One Sect, in spite of its number of disciples, the qualities of disciples are uneven. The most important thing is that, look at the landscape, what do you see? In the Southwest direction isn’t there often a mass of dark clouds, hehe, that is not a gathering of mist but malignant qi...”

Before his voice had faded.

Another voice came without warning——

“Ha ha, good, very good.”

His sight fell on a young man with a blue, clean silk robe coming slowly from afar, laughing and saying, “I am Liu Shaji, a wanderer, I was just passing by here, and was not intentionally eavesdropping, just happened to hear this old man’s wonderful words, like a lotus flower, it is extremely exquisite. I could not help interrupting your dialogue, please forgive me.”

The young man’s brows were like swords and his eyes dazzling. He had a dignified appearance, stature, and elegance with a trace of boldness. This was a rare handsome person.

Ye Qingyu was slightly surprised.

He was not the slightest aware of the presence of this person.

And it seemed that Old Fish also had not noticed him.

Liu Shaji?

The name was a little strange.

With this thought, Ye Qingyu smiled and cupped his fist in greeting, “Master likes to delve into some strange things, in recent days he was a bit obsessed and just made a slip of the tongue, Brother Liu, please excuse him.”

The Old Fish’s expression changed instantly. “Punk, who talks about his master like that, I am not talking nonsense, I...”

“Cough, cough.” Ye Qingyu coughed a couple of times, faintly saying, “Master, stay calm.”

Liu Shaji immediately burst out laughing.

This two master and disciple were kind of interesting.

Why does it feel like the disciple’s status is higher than the master?

“I have no bad intention, I just heard elder say something impressive, so I couldn’t help but to ask to be friends.” Liu Shaji came over, bowing his head with a smile.

He was usually arrogant and conceited, and the number of people that he pays attention to, even in the entire Clear River Domain, there was only a few. Even the master of Greater One Sect, in Liu Shaji’s eyes, was just so-so. But this time for some reason, when he heard the old man's words and then saw the youngster’s demeanor, something sparked his interest in these two, although it seemed that the strength of these two people was not too good.

“Make friends? Haha, great, I really like making friends, back then the Thunder and Lightning Emperor also confusedly became my friend. Hey, to be able to make a friend after over one millions years is also a great joy in life.” Old Fish very coldly came over to pat Liu Shaji’s shoulder. “Youngster, I see that your bones are strange, quite extraordinary, well, although you’re slightly worse than my disciple, but I guess I can. Okay, you can be my friend.”

“Er...” Liu Shaji was stumped for words.

Just now when he heard the old man described the layout and the air of the sky, ground, mountains and rivers, he really thought that this person should be a real master.

But why was it that as soon as he opens his mouth, he talked nonsense?

A friend of the Thunder and Lightning Emperor?

Lived for hundreds of thousands of years?

Could it really be that as the young man had said, his master is actually crazy?

Liu Shaji remained outwardly calm and collected, but he did not know whether to laugh or cry inside. Could it be that he had really misjudged him?

The Old Fish noticed the look of embarrassment on Liu Shaji’s face, and smiled. “What, are you intimidated by my background? Don’t worry, do not feel inferior, although you are way below me, but I do not mind, you can still be my friend.”

Liu Shaji indeed was not an ordinary person, he gave a slight smile, “Haha, good, then junior will unworthily make friends with elder.”

Although his background was exceptional, and he looked down on many people, but he would never act self important. At this time, he felt that this old man was growing more and more interesting. He did not pay attention to any of the words of the Old Fish.

Ye Qingyu really couldn’t stand it anymore, walked over, and gave a fist and palm salute, and said, deadpan, “I am Tian Huang of the Thunder and Lightning Sect, this is my master, the Master of Thunder and Lightning Sect Wu Ciren. Sigh, our sect practices the power of thunder and lightning as our main technique, and master, in order to pursue the mystery of thunder and lightning of the Thunder and Lightning Emperor, revived our Thunder and Lightning Sect. He often puts himself in danger by practicing during a storm. Perhaps because he had suffered too many strikes of lightning, so his brain is a bit abnormal. He often thinks that he is a friend of Thunder and Lightning Emperor His Highness, and that he has lived for millions of years... Brother Liu, please forgive him.”

Upon hearing this, Liu Shaji hurriedly said firmly, “Elder Wu’s noble character and unquestionable integrity, and the sacrifice he made for his sect, really is admirable, please accept my bow.”

Ye Qingyu was immediately astounded.

Old Fish was initially stunned, but shortly after was laughing heartily out loud, and complacently winked at Ye Qingyu.

“This Liu Shaji, not only has a weird name, his temper is also extremely weird,” Ye Qingyu thought, but did not say it out.

But Old Fish had already started being overly familiar with Liu Shaji, chatting endlessly with him.

To someone who had been trapped in a small bucket for more than 1 million years, let alone that there was a person chatting with himself, even if a chicken was in front clucking, he will feel that it is the most beautiful music in the world.

And more importantly, the conversation between Liu Shaji and Old Fish was flowing.

This really was a talent of Old Fish, regardless of who they were, he could easily get acquainted with them.

Ye Qingyu cast at glance over at them, sighing helplessly, and was about to turn away to prepare for causing a disturbance in Greater One Sect, when an unexpected change appeared——

Suddenly in the sky, clouds were scudding across, wind rising, yuan qi was disorderly, and in the eastern direction, there was a mass of golden-coloured clouds engulfing the sky. Within seconds, as it came closer, the hundreds of figures on this mass of golden cloud were finally discernible. There were golden dragon horses roaring in the vault of heaven. The long roar resembling the growl of the divine dragon, echoing between the heavens and the earth, in the most imposing manner. The dragon horses’ body was dressed in gold armour, and sitting astride them were gold knights wielding gold spear banners. The clatter of horse hooves sounded as though they would shatter the sky.

“It’s the people of the Nangong family.”

Someone looked up at the sky and exclaimed.

“The Nangong family known as one of the two major golden families of Clear River Domain? It is said that the military strength of Nangong’s Golden Dragon horse corps is comparable to a dragon. And had once destroyed the Ancient Demon Sect. Now that I’ve seen it with my own eyes, it really is terrifying.”

“I didn’t expect Greater One Sect to invite the Nangong family to the Sword Storm meeting.”

“This meeting is not simple at all.”

The number of martial artists that was startled by the frightening imposing manner of the spectacle in the sky were all staring petrified. And some slightly weaker people, under the great imposing appearance of the Golden Dragon horse army, were already trembling uncontrollably.

Then, on the distant Lotus Flower Peak, there were streams of flowing light flashing, higher level experts of Greater One Sect appearing in mid air, greeting the men and horse of the Nangong family, and leading the Golden knights to Greater One Peak.

“Damn, big families really are not the same. They are directly allowed up the Greater One Peak. Us people were unwelcomed, and only allowed at the foothills, and not even halfway up the mountain.” The Old Fish deliberately stated loudly in the middle of the crowd. “Sigh, we came all the way, but Greater One Sect treated us like that, it really makes one feel bitterly disappointed.”

As these words came out, the many people that were arranged into the odd-job worker disciple area immediately had the same thoughts.

But there were some that objected, shouting, “It is a great honor to be able to enter the area of Greater One Sect, don’t think too much.”

Old Fish grinned, and no longer said anything.

In the crowd, there were a few Greater One Sect disciples that secretly noted down the Old Fish’s face.

Before the golden clouds had dispersed from the sky, and everyone was still immersed in the imposing manner of the golden family, there was another new change appearing in the far east of the vault of heaven.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 510:


Chapter 530, Introduce some friends to you

Initially, there were clouds accumulating on the horizon and wind rising, then the head of a giant mountain-like beast came into sight, slowly stretching out from the storm, shielding half the sky. And when its body was gradually revealed, everyone could see clearly that it was a massive turtle. The body was several thousands of meters, like it was wandering in the sea, seemingly slow but in fact the speed was very fast. Within seconds it appeared in the sky above the foothills. Vaguely, on the jade green turtle shell, there stood hundreds of figures, all different in size, and were not entirely human.

“It is the people of Sky Demon Palace.”

“The hunchback mountain turtle of Sky Demon Palace. Among the Demon Race experts on its back, there absolutely must be a palace master level expert of the Sky Demon Palace there.”

“These years, the relationship between Sky Demon Palace and Greater One Sect seems more and more intimate.”

“Its for personal interest, the war between Greater One Sect and Sky Demon Palace one hundred years ago had almost destroyed Mountain of Flames, but now, in order to fight against their common enemy, the Demon Spider Race, they have formed an alliance.”

The crowd broke into clamorous discussion.

Ye Qingyu knew that in Clear River Domain, the barrier between races was not as clear and distinct as that in Heaven Wasteland Domain. As a result there was not as big of a difference between the Human Race and the Demon Race. Going after advantages and avoiding disadvantages was the common choice that all races made.

From the discussion of the crowd, it seemed that Sky Demon Palace was considered a powerful demon sect in Clear River Domain, and war had broken out between them and another demon clan– the Demon Spider Race. This had occurred several times before, and they were their mortal enemy. It was also expected that they answered to Greater One Sect’s invitation and came to them to participate in this Sword Storm meeting.

In the sky.

The turtle’s body slowly landed, shrinking at the same time, and the figure standing on the turtle's body was now faintly visible. The leader was a dragon-headed expert in purple gold armour, exhibiting a terrifyingly imposing manner. The crowd had already recognized him, it was the fifth palace master of Sky Demon Palace, Spiritual Master Long Jiao. He was also one of the strongest experts of Clear River Domain.

From the Greater One Sect, Great Hua Peak’s peak master personally came to welcome him, leading all people of Sky Demon Palace over to the Greater One Peak.

As soon as the people of Sky Demon Palace arrived, the sky was raging like a storm again. A silver solitary boat floated over. Although the solitary boat only had two figures, but the imposing manner was not at all inferior to that of the Nangong family and the Sky Demon Palace before.

One of the peak master of the eight great peaks of Greater One Sect came to greet them. His attitude was very respectful as he led the solitary boat to Greater One Peak.

“The sect master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect personally made an appearance.”

“It is said that the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect always only had one disciple. The sect master of every generation of Heaven Devastator Demon Sect calls themselves Heaven Devastator Demon. This sect’s strength is unfathomable. If it was not for the fact that there is little people in the sect, and only one master and one disciple, the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect could even claim the title of the strongest sect of Clear River Domain.

On the solitary boat, a black-clothed proud figure could be seen. This had sparked discussion among the crowd, which was much more loud and heated than when the experts of the two major forces appeared. Concerning the evaluation of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect, there was different appraisal in Clear River Domain, but there was one thing that was certain; which was that the sect was very terrifying. The sect master of each generation was close to invincible, its strength had obtained recognition from all forces. In Clear River Domain there was a saying, as long as the number of disciples of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect exceeded 100, it could become the strongest sect within Clear River Domain.

Ye Qingyu also lifted his head to look at the solitary boat heading to Greater One Peak like a singular cloud.

He did not know whether it was an illusion or not, but he vaguely felt that the slightly thin figure behind Heaven Devastator Demon, that is, the disciple, seemed somewhat familiar. He seemed to have seen the figure before, but was unable to be certain.

“One master and one disciple? This sect... hmm, seems interesting.” Even Old Fish surprisingly showed a bit of interest.

It must be said that, previously, Nangong family and the Sky Demon Palace’s action and battle array, in the eyes of Old Fish, were as funny as children playing house.

The following day, all major forces of Clear River Domain began to appear one after another.

Hua Zang Sect, Real Martial Sect, Burning Lamp Temple....

These famous sects all had experts taking them to the Greater One Peak.

Ye Qingyu went back to his own residence after watching for a while.

Because he believed that the gossip fanatic, Old Fish, would make clear of all the details of the sects and the identity of the experts of Greater One Sect that showed up.

……

In the room.

Ye Qingyu was making some preparations.

He engraved formations on some jade plates.

The jade plates were prepared in advance when he was in Flowing Light City. All were the finest pure jade. Ye Qingyu really had splurged a lot on these jade.

Fortunately, he was now considered as a super rich man of the martial arts circle. The Origin crystals that he could exchange with merely one drop of God-level Origin liquid in the jars in the stone chamber of the underground Moonlight Immortal Palace were enough for Ye Qingyu to live extravagantly for half a year.

Before coming to Greater One Sect, Ye Qingyu had already discussed a lot of countermeasures with the Old Fish.

In the aspect of making underhanded plots, the two found a rare common interest. Like meeting someone who understood each other’s inner thoughts, they produced many brilliant ideas.

Before the operation starts, Ye Qingyu had prepared everything needed for the plan.

“The Greater One Sect has invited so many experts to attend this meeting, it is equal to having a lot of help. If we want to make a disturbance we need to be more cautious, but many people also may not necessarily really protect Greater One Sect. As they say, ‘too many people, too many ideas’. Once everything was throw into disorder, some people will inevitably take advantage of the situation, then at that time it will surely be very chaotic.”

Ye Qingyu carefully thought about the holes in the plan, and was not anxious at all.

Time quickly went by.

In an instant, night had already fallen.

Perhaps it was to create a festive and grand atmosphere for the Sword Storm meeting, the Greater One Sect spent a lot on manpower and material resources. The odd job worker disciple area at the foothills was beautifully illuminated, a rune spirit lamp was floating in the void, illuminating the entire foothills just as though it was daytime, and the visitors from all across Jianghu did not lower their voices because of the arrival of night, but was instead celebrating wildly.

But it was not such a harmonious picture everywhere.

Because the people who had come here were not all the same race, not all were friends. There were some small factions that were enemies, and every time they ran into each other, it inevitably started a conflict.

It was said that during the daytime, there had already been dozens of brawls. Fortunately, thanks to the Greater One Sect disciple’s quick response, large-scale casualties were prevented.

But it was evident that these people from the middle and lower class martial world, who had rude and rough behaviour, were causing headaches to the high, mighty, and arrogant Greater One Sect disciples. And it was inevitable that their manner of speaking was not very friendly to them when dealing with such situations.

The seedlings of some conflicts were quietly beginning to sprout shoots.

Just as Ye Qingyu had almost prepared everything, and was about to find a chance to sneak away to Clear Lotus Peak to find Yu Xiaoxing, the Old Fish returned, reeking of alcohol.

Without saying anything further he pulled Ye Qingyu out. Saying in a complacent voice, “Success depends on the right time, and favourable geographical and social conditions, going blindly by yourself is incorrect. Come, come, come with me, Master will introduce some friends to you, haha...”

Ye Qingyu stared at him blankly, thinking that someone had been tricked by this unreliable old man again?

Shortly, he dragged him to a bonfire heap.

A delicious smell of meat drifted across, along with a strong aroma of wine.

Three men were sat around the bonfire, one of whom was the weirdo Liu Shaji that he had met in the daytime.

Sat beside Liu Shaji was a tall square-faced man, with steel needle-like sideburns and messy grass-like hair, a lion nose and wide mouth, blade-like eyebrows and leopard-like eyes. With one glance it was obvious that he was a fierce character. His clothes were ragged, with more than ten patches of varying sizes. The weirdest thing was that even the crotch of his trousers was patched. How was that worn down that it required patching? But the colour of his clothes seemed very clean, though his hair and beard were both messy. An orange wine gourd half the size of a person was held in his arms. The wine gourd was opened, and an aroma wine fragrance was being released.

And sat opposite of Liu Shaji was a pale-faced scholar who looked over 20 years old. His facial features were extremely delicate and scholarly. He was the kind that could make many women shriek and faint with a slight smile.

This handsome scholar wore a white silk robe and a scholarly hat, long strands of black hair hanging down to his shoulders, and on his forehead he wore a flawless purple jade. There was a long sword along with its beautiful sheath inserted into the grass in front of him. When the rune spirit lamp and the moonlight shone onto him, he exuded an astonishing charm, which attracted the eyes of countless people.

Ye Qingyu could not see through the strength of these three people.

Around the surroundings of the bonfire, there were some who were watching from afar, but evidently dared not come near, and seemed fearful.

The Old Fish dragged Ye Qingyu over, laughing, “Have you seen, this is my disciple Tian Huang, what do you think? I did not exaggerate, right? He is handsome and talented. Hahaha, the revitalization of my Thunder and Lightning Sect depends on my obedient disciple. Someday he will be able to move unhindered across Clear River Domain... Come here, my good boy, quickly pay respect to your Uncles.”

Ye Qingyu, “...”

What Uncles, these three guys are about the same age as me.

“Little brother you finally showed up, come drink, Brother Hu has some good wine in his gourd.” Liu Shaji showed the same revolting behaviour as Old Fish, a born socializer, and laughing and greeting him the moment he saw him, as though he and Ye Qingyu had been friends for many years.

Before Ye Qingyu had time to say anything, the bearded, square man also laughed, casually throwing the gourd over, “Please drink.”

Ye Qingyu’s complexion took on an abrupt change, slightly raising his hand into the air and catching the huge orange gourd floating over with the palm of his hand. He could feel a violent force rushing up his arm, as though an immemorial sacred mountain was crushing down at him. This man’s strength is frightening, he clearly is not an ordinary person, why was he placed in the odd job worker disciple area?

But he did not show the slightest change in expression, exerting force towards his palm, and received the gourd in an effortless manner.

The square faced man’s eyes flashed a hint of surprise in response, and laughed, “Good, indeed impressive, you’re qualified to drink a mouthful of I, Great Thief Hu Bugui’s wine.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 511:


Chapter 531, The true ice dragon wine

Ye Qingyu supported the wine gourd with his five fingers. It was like holding a small mountain, there was a heavy feeling in his arm.

He couldn’t help feeling amazed.

During these days of refining the power of the thunder liquid, the power of thunder had further improved and strengthened his body. Now one arm of his holds at least a million pounds of strength. But when he supported up the gourd, it still felt heavy, which meant that the orange wine gourd was absolutely not as simple as its outer appearance. And more importantly, to use such a gourd to store wine, this Hu Bugui was definitely not a simple figure.

At this moment, he heard exclamations of surprise——

“Hu Bugui? He’s the Great Thief Hu Bugui?”

“The Fugitive Thief of Clear River Domain? The great thief who fought against the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect three months ago, and then broke into the Nangong family’s treasure storeroom?”

“Even the root of trouble is here?”

“Heaven Devastator Demon Sect and Nangong family are both now at Greater One Peak, this Hu Bugui is courageous. He’s really not afraid of death, and really dared to come join in the fun.”

The crowd that stood watching from afar, upon hearing this, began to have faces twisted with fear, moving further and further back. The expressions within their eyes as they stared at Hu Bugui was as though they were regarding a threatening fierce beast.

As soon as these dialogues reached Ye Qingyu’s ears, he immediately gained a rough understanding of Hu Bugui’s background.

He could also be counted as a character in this era.

The aroma of the wine in the gourd was indeed tempting, there were waves of spiritual air fluctuating about. Ye Qingyu also no longer acted polite, flipped his hand over, tilted the wine gourd mouth and sent streams of red fire-like wine everywhere. He opened and drew the wine into his mouth, drinking a mouthful. The scarlet red wine heated his mouth as it entered, and the warm feeling instantly spread to his limbs and bones, like he was moving with an ethereal lightness, it was extremely comfortable.

“Good wine.” Ye Qingyu laughed.

Within Hu Bugui’s pair of eyes, there was also a colour of surprise.

The master of this [Dry Yuan Gourd] was naturally well aware of its weight.

The fact that this Thunder and Lightning Sect successor, Tian Huang, could single-handedly hold the wine gourd had already surprised him immensely. He absolutely did not think that he could, with just the power of his fingers, flip the wine gourd over, as well as ensuring that the wine gourd does not fall to the ground. The power between his fingers was really a bit too frightening.

Let alone Hu Bugui, even the handsome youngster who had been sitting quietly by the campfire with a smile on his face also had a look of astonishment across his face.

“Haha, I told you, little brother Tian Huang has heaven given disposition that I have rarely seen, now you believe it?” Liu Shaji was laughing loudly at the other side with a smug look on his face. “Thief Hu, is this little brother qualified to take a sip of your scarlet flame wine?”

Hu Bugui resumed his usual expression, and raised his hand to catch the wine gourd that Ye Qingyu threw back over and said with a wide smile, “Qualified, absolutely qualified. Haha, this really is unexpected. I did not think that in this small odd job worker disciple area, I would meet such a talented youngster, it is gratifying, hahaha, what a blessing.”

As he was speaking, he clapped on the gourd in his arm, sending a burst of fire directly gushing out from the inside, like a fire dragon under the night sky fluttering and dancing in the sky, extremely beautiful.

“Haha, good wine, wow hahaha, I old Liu won’t be polite with you.” Liu Shaji had long been waiting for this moment, when he saw the fire dragon lift off, he immediately puffed up his cheek and inhaled, the dragon was suddenly sucked towards his mouth.

“Haha, I knew your dead chicken head will sneak an attack. Fortunately I am prepared.” Old Fish was also staring open-eyed, with both hands on his hips, drawing the fire dragon that was almost swallowed into Liu Shaji’s mouth back over to his side.

Ye Qingyu immediately understood that the fire dragon in the air was transformed from Hu Bugui’s [Scarlet Flame Wine]. Additionally, this wine contained a large amount of Yuan energy, and through a special method of brewing, this wine was almost spiritual. Once it came into contact with the air, it will turn into a fire dragon. With this point alone, he knew that Hu Bugui’s wine really was a rare good spiritual wine in the world. No wonder that Old Fish was envious, and had even begun to fight over the wine.

Hu Bugui was laughing wildly at the other side, “I don’t believe I will lose to you two.”

He also joined the battle.

Even the elegant and beautiful youngster was smiling and inhaling gently.

This youngster really was a favourite of the heavens, not only was he handsome to the extreme, every single movement of his contained a kind of natural and magical charm.

Four forces of invisible power, entwined three or four meters in midair above the campfire, directly tore up the fire dragon.

When Ye Qingyu saw this scene, he was a bit eager to give it a try. After a brief thought he decided against using his mouth. Bending his fingers into the palm like a claw he slightly slashed out towards the void, and five rays of purple arc shot out from the fingertips, snatching the scarlet flame wine above the campfire. He opened his mouth wide and swallowed it straight away.

At this time, the fight among the other four people also came to an end.

The four each had also seized a part of the fire dragon wine, but it seemed that Old Fish and the handsome youngster had the most.

“Stop, stop, you broke the rules, Tian Huang, we all used our mouth, you used your hand, haha.” Liu Shaji laughed right away when he noticed Ye Qingyu’s ‘drinking’ method. “You broke the rules so you have to compensate us, quick, what good things do you have, take them out, let us have a taste.”

Ye Qingyu looked at Old Fish with a surprised face.

Old Fish’s cross eyes were looking elsewhere, as he said with a smile, “Why are you looking at me?”

“How did I break the rules?” Ye Qingyu repeated clearly.

Old Fish explained innocently, “Didn’t you see that we all used our mouths? But you used your hands, you can only blame your stupidity.”

“An uninformed person is not guilty.” The handsome young man smiled.

His voice, clear and crisp, was like the sounds of nature, extremely pleasant to the ear.

“Fine, since Little White you also say so, then I’ll let little brother Tian Huang off this time.” Liu Shaji nodded in agreement.

Hu Bugui grumbled, “Then, I suffered the most loss, I let you drink my wine, and I also lost...”

“Thank you brother for helping me out.” Ye Qingyu said to the handsome boy with a cupped fist salute, and said with a smile, “Since I participated, then I must abide by the rules. But I come from a remote and desolate place, I don’t have much on me, it is embarrassing. But since we’re drinking today, I happen to have some wine. Of course, it is nothing compared to Brother Hu’s [Scarlet Flame Wine]. I’ll take it out for you to try, it is quite laughable.”

With that, Ye Qingyu operated his mind, taking out a rough ceramic wine jar from the storage space of [Cloud Top Cauldron].

The wine jar was bought from the Red Dust Inn when he was at Youyan Pass.

During that period of time Ye Qingyu often went to that cheap and noisy inn to drink. On one hand it was to see Song Xiaojun, and on the other hand, it was because he enjoyed the atmosphere there.

Later, when he was about to leave Youyan Pass, Ye Qingyu bought many jars of cheap wine to carry with him. Whenever he was free, he would let Little Silver soak in the wine, which as a result had greatly improved the quality of the wine. To today, there were only less than ten jars of this silver dragon wine. But changes had happened, the colour of the wine turned jade green, fragrant, and contained a strange qi of a dragon spirit. It was a top quality wine.

As soon as the wine jar was opened, a strange scent came over them.

Old Fish’s eyes lit up, twitching his nose, and with a hypnotized look across his face, said, “Punk, you unexpectedly have such good wine.”

Liu Shaji and Hu Bugui were both wine experts, with one smell, their eyes also lit up.

Even the handsome and refined youngster also revealed a trace of curiosity.

“If you don’t mind, I have some here.” Ye Qingyu was very generous. He gifted one jar of silver dragon wine to each of them, including the Old Fish.

To do so was of course with the intention of making friends.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu began to understand the Old Fish’s intention. These three people that he had found among so many people were obviously not ordinary at all and most likely, each one of them has an impressive background. Ye Qingyu believed in Old Fish’s judgement, which was the reason why he so straightforwardly gifted them with wine. It was not a bad idea to make friends with these three——Ye Qingyu’s actions were, of course, not for himself. He just hoped that if Greater One Sect really was to unite with the major forces of Clear River Domain to invade Heaven Wasteland Domain, then these people could stand up and say some fair words.

Hu Bugui opened the lid, taking a deep sniff, his face revealing a different colour, “[True Ice Dragon Wine], this wine has a true dragon qi, little brother, you are really generous.”

Liu Shaji impatiently gulped down a mouthful, and then suddenly yelled out. Only a layer of thin frost was seen spreading out his mouth, as he instantly was frozen into a blue ice man, and then quickly melted. When the alcohol penetrated in his body, he actually stood up, dancing and laughing, “Good wine, really good wine, not at all worse than the [Scarlet Flame Wine]. Haha, one hot and one cold, one fire and one ice. The [True Ice Dragon Wine] and [Scarlet Flame Wine] are an absolutely perfect match. If drank together, it would be like creating an immortal elixir. It is rare to have the chance to drink something like that in this world.”

“Yes, perfect match, like brewed from the sun and moon.” The handsome young man's face also had an expression of surprise.

They had just drank [Scarlet Flame Wine], and now followed up by [True Ice Dragon Wine], they could even more experience the beauty of the blending of yin and yang between these two kinds of wine.

Ye Qingyu never had thought that the wine that he brewed in his spare time using Little Silver would receive such high appraisals.

“I say Thief Hu, look how geneous brother Tian Huang is, one jar for each person, you are too stingy, we only get to drink a few mouthfuls in such a long while?” Liu Shaji, like holding treasure, hurriedly put away his jar of [True Ice Dragon Wine] before he shot a scornful look at Hu Bugui.

Hu Bugui’s face immediately reddened in embarrassment, clenching his teeth, “You’re right, I can’t make little brother Tian Huang laugh at me, how about this, when the matters here are finished, I’ll give each of you a jar of [Scarlet Flame Wine]. I left home in such a hurry this time and didn’t bring enough with me.”

After this matter, Hu Bugui and the others’ attitude to Ye Qingyu was evidently much friendlier than before.

Birds of a feather flock together.

They all felt that Ye Qingyu had very good temperament.

While they were chatting merrily, suddenly a few figures were coming over from the distance, led by a person, who had guided Ye Qingyu around Greater One Sect before - Han Qi. He was followed by two people, precisely the two core elite disciples of Greater One Sect that had framed Ye Qingyu, Xiao Yunlong and Zuo Li.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 512:


Chapter 532, Immortal God Emperor Sect

Ye Qingyu had seen these people out of the corner of his eyes, but he simply didn’t care.

Because before coming to Greater One Sect, he had already disguised himself a little bit. At this time his appearance was completely different from before. He looked like a big eyed and thick browed youngster, so he was not afraid of Xiao Yunlong and others recognizing him.

And Xiao Yunlong and the others really did not notice the fact that this big eyed and thick browed youngster was the Ye Qingyu that they had been chasing after. Under the leadership of Han Qi, the three people came over, and under countless watchful gazes, headed straight towards the handsome and elegant youngster, and extremely respectfully bowed. Their attitude was rarely polite and modest. Han Qi smiled and said, “I didn’t know Young Emperor is coming, please excuse Greater One Sect for not going out to meet you, just now a disciple reported to me, and we hurriedly rushed over to greet you, Young Emperor please forgive us.”

The handsome and elegant youngster smiled lightly, “Don’t worry, I am having a good time here with friends.”

Han Qi hastily added, “I can’t allow that, Young Emperor has a noble status, how can you be stranded here, please follow me to rest at Greater One Peak.”

The handsome young man slowly stood up, patted the grass strands off his body, stored away the wine jar that Ye Qingyu had just gifted him and said, “I met some new friends today, we are drinking and chatting merrily, I don’t want to go to Greater One Peak to join in the fun, how should I address Elder?”

“I am Greater One Sect’s Han Qi, these two are...” Han Qi from the beginning had behaved very humbly and politely. He introduced Xiao Yunlong and Zuo Li to the handsome and elegant youngster. “

“Oh, go back. Tell Song Liren that when the meeting starts, I’ll show up on time,” the handsome and elegant youngster said indifferently.

Song Liren was the name of the current sect master.

It had been a long time ever since someone dared to say this name out loud in public.

“How dare you, how dare you address the Greater One Sect’s sect master by his name.” Xiao Yunlong, with a trace of pride and contempt on his face, interrupted, “Even if you’re the successor of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, still should not be so arrogant to call the sect master by his name. Even the sect master of the Immortal God Emperor Sect himself also has to call him Daoist friend...”

The Immortal God Emperor Sect?

When these five words came out his mouth, it was like throwing a boulder into a pond, Ye Qingyu heard it loud and clear. The onlookers also could not hold back gasping in surprise, and then the gazes in the dark that were fixed on the handsome man were immediately added with all kinds of shock, respect, awe and other various expressions. It was evident that these five words had a special weight.

Unfortunately, for Ye Qingyu, he was an outsider and did not know the history and glory of the Immortal God Emperor Sect.

On the contrary, Liu Shaji and Hu Bugui seemed much calmer than Ye Qingyu, which indicated that they were already aware of the true identity of the handsome youngster.

“What is your identity, to dare say such a thing to me?” The handsome and elegant youngster smiled lightly, looking at Xiao Yunlong, his eyes flashing a strange light that makes one palpitate. His speech, although calm and indifferent, but there was an imposing manner that resembled that of a deity looking down at the mortals.

The him at this moment, and the elegant him who was apathetic with everything before, were completely different. Like a rare peerless sword was suddenly unsheathed.

Before Xiao Yunlong said another word, under the crushing impact of this momentum, he immediately no longer dared say a word.

When Han Qi saw, he turned and winked at the junior brothers, signalling for them to not talk, and then he himself hurriedly stepped forward, bowing repeatedly, “Two young juniors have little experience and did not know any better, please forgive them... Just that this odd job worker disciple area is not suitable for someone with the status of Your Highness, if the sect elders find out and blame us, we cannot bear such responsibility, please Your Highness don’t make it hard for us.”

The handsome young man hummed when he heard what was said, but did not speak.

While the Great Thief Hu Bugui sneered, “Make it difficult for you? Haha, who are you, what does it has to do with us? That junior brother Xiao of yours is not only inexperienced and not know any better, on the basis of the tone that he spoke to the young emperor of Immortal God Emperor Sect, he should be killed over 1000 times. The rules of the Greater One Sect really are ridiculous.”

“Shut up, what are you?” Xiao Yunlong, who had just admitted his mistake, had anger brewing inside him, and with nowhere to vent his rage. He glowered at Hu Bugui right away, his gaze seemingly as though he wanted to kill.

In his opinion, in this odd job worker disciple area, apart from this handsome and elegant youngster that he could not berate because of his special identity, the other people that dared act so arrogant in front of him were stirring up trouble for the Greater One Sect. They were just simply seeking death.

A handsome and elegant voice sounded, “I'll introduce you, this is older brother Hu Bugui, as for his name, I think you should have heard of him before.”

These words had made Xiao Yunlong expression changed drastically, his face growing pale. His sword-like gaze before faded, his heart palpitating, lowering his head and unable to control the terrified feeling.

The Zuo Li who had not yet spoken a word was also startled.

This sloppy and evil man was the infamous Great Thief Hu Bugui?

The 18 Great Thieves of Clear River Domain, each one of them was a fierce character that makes one have a change in expression at the mention of their name, especially this Hu Bugui, an existence that gives all the major forces a headache.

How could this scoundrel have come to this place?

Liu Shaji, upon seeing this scene, chuckled out loud, “Haha, we still have a lot to talk about, it would kill the mood if we disperse now. How about we head up Greater One Peak together, find a place to continue to chat, what do you think?”

Old Fish very excitedly nodded, “Good, good idea, I also want to go up to see the Greater One Sect’s eight peaks, especially the legendary Greater One Peak, haha.”

Ye Qingyu was also nodding, “Yes, sounds good, we can see further from above, enjoy an overview of the gathering storm.”

The way these people spoke was as though they did not attach any importance to Han Qi and the others, treating as if Greater One Peak was their back garden.

Xiao Yunlong and Zuo Li were gnashing their teeth with fury and fear of saying anything else. First putting aside Old Fish, Ye Qingyu and Liu Shaji, who they were not aware of their background yet, only one of the 18 Great Thieves Hu Bugui himself was terrifying enough. This reckless person that would do anything when mad. He was rumoured to have raided Nangong family’s arsenal. Once enraged, the two of them could be easily crushed to death by this lunatic.

Han Qi hastily agreed as soon as he heard this, “If you guys are willing to accompany Your Highness, that would be great. This way please.”

With that, he turned and led the way.

After all, he was a man of hundred years; he had a quicker and sharper mind than Xiao Yunlong and Zuo Li, these two proud and spoiled straw bags.

During the day, high level forces such as Nangong family and the Sky Demon Palace had also ascended Greater One Peak with a lot of followers, so the successor of Immortal God Emperor Sect was naturally eligible to bring five or six people up the peak, without needing to worry about being criticized.

The handsome young man shook his head, smiling helplessly, “All right, then let's go together.”

It was obvious that he did not look forward to the loud and lively atmosphere of the Greater One Peak.

……

……

This was Ye Qingyu’s second time going up Greater One Peak.

Coincidentally, the first time he was there, he was also accompanied by Han Qi.

On the way up, Ye Qingyu had already figured out the background of the handsome and elegant youngster.

The Immortal God Emperor Sect was once a martial imperial court of Clear River Domain. More than 5,000 years ago, its real name was Immortal God Court, its territory spanned across a wide area, and had almost unified the whole Clear River Domain. Immortal God Court had countless masters, profound foundation, and could be called the best in the world. It was a matchless man-led nation with a long history. Everyone was scared into submission, and in these long years, the rulers of Immortal God Court were all extremely wise and merciful to other races. It can be said that the fact that Clear River Domain was able to reach this level of civilization, Immortal God Court should claim the most credit. They also protected the living beings of Clear River Domain.

Unfortunately, more than 5,000 years ago, the central gate of Clear River Domain opened, and suffered the invasion of other domain forces. The people of Clear River Domain were reduced to slavery and the entire domain fell into enemy hands.

The Immortal God Court fought back with all their strength, paid a heavy price, and had almost collapsed, to only just force the enemies to retreat back to their domain. The domain agreed to form an alliance, and managed to persevered.

After the war, Immortal God Court deteriorated, unable to maintain their rule. Many sects that had received protection from the imperial court took advantage of the chance to set up an independent regime. The reign of Immortal God Court came to an end. The final generation of Immortal God Emperor, watching the situation progress uncontrollably, finally declared his abdication and Immortal God Court changed its name to Immortal God Emperor Sect, continuing in the form of a sect. The Immortal God Court gave up on its former capital, and the clan moved to the faraway Weishui mountains, which was established in the ancient times, and basically lived in seclusion.

To keep going resolutely despite knowing the task is impossible was a clever way of handling this matter. It had saved the bloodline and heritage of the Immortal God Court.

The major forces that were fighting desperately for supremacy, in order to win the hearts of the public, finally all made a vow that they would never violate the Immortal God Emperor Sect, as well as that Immortal God Emperor Sect remains the nominal Lord of the domain. Its descendants were to be respected and protected by the great powers, and if any force dared to make things difficult for Immortal God Emperor Sect, they will suffer the joint attack of all the other powers.

With such a background, Immortal God Emperor Sect was one of the most outstanding forces of Clear River Domain.

Ever since 5,000 years ago, although there were only few descendants of Immortal God Emperor Sect that wandered Jianghu and they rarely participated in the major events of the domain, but their fame had never fallen.

And as the successor of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, it was expected that the handsome and elegant youngster be well respected by the Greater One Sect.

But thousands of years had passed, its former glory had been blown away by the wind and rain, its kindness and past had gradually been forgotten, and the Immortal God Emperor Sect had been accustomed to remaining low-key. Therefore, many large forces had gradually began to ignore the vow of the past. After all, in such a world, strength was all that matters. For example, people like Xiao Yunlong even dared to berate the descendant of the Immortal God Emperor Sect.

Having known his background now, Ye Qingyu had some sympathy for the handsome young man.

Eventually, the five people were settled at the relatively remote rear peak area.

The Sword Storm meeting would occur in five days.

In these few days, the five people had talked endlessly. Old Fish often told some astonishing views, as well as found a lot of shocking topics, but they all listened and discussed with keen interest, and even the handsome youngster was also greatly interested. These peaceful days went by quickly and happily.

In the meantime, Ye Qingyu had looked for the opportunity to find Yu Xiaoxing several times already. Unfortunately such an opportunity did not come by.

Day four.

Early morning.

Suddenly there was the arrival of uninvited guests, seemingly with ill intent, and was extremely arrogant and domineering, demanding to see the successor of Immortal God Emperor Sect.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

