Chapter 537:


Chapter 557, Blood Rainstorm (3)

Time is fleeting for a cultivator.

Ye Qingyu observed all the martial arts duels, and in the end, he had to close his eyes to rest for some time, to continue watching.

Because the platform had become like a river of blood, bones piling like a mountain, even if he had seen much before, he was still affected by the murderous spirit and couldn't control the killing intent emerging inside of him.

Ye Qingyu must be able to calm himself at all times to seize the opportunity to rescue Yu Xiaoxing.

On the third day, Ye Qingyu suddenly found a very strange phenomenon.

“Huh? This Storm Platform, after being soaked in blood for two days, seemed to have livened up.”

Ye Qingyu had been suspicious of the Storm Platform all along; every time a battle came to an end he would pay special attention to the changes of the Storm Platform. With the steady stream of blood, the colour and luster of the Storm Platform had become extremely mysterious, as if it had gained energy and life force, and lights of bloodlines loomed around the tremendous black mountains.

The Storm Platform, like a demonic structure, had concealed the eyes of many people, silently observing the bones and blood of the dead.

“Could there be another reason for Greater One Sect to reopen the Storm Platform?”

Just as Ye Qingyu was filled with many doubts and puzzlement, there were new changes occurring on the Storm Platform again.

On the Storm Platform.

“Hahaha, who dares fight with me?”

A charming and handsome youngster in a bright inner robe and blue cotton outer garment that were stained with blood was laughing wildly.

The corner of the youngster’s left eye was a red mole that added a bit of evil to his appearance.

He was already on the battle platform, challenging seven people in a row.

The seven people who were challenged had turned into corpses at his feet.

At this moment he was standing with his hands clasped behind his back, his mouth curved in a playful and uninhibited smile.

There was yuan qi visibly rushing forth from his body, strong and overbearing, the light flames of the yuan qi was as if it was transforming into a tiger beast behind him. From the brilliance of the yuan qi was the howling of tigers from time to time, attracting the spirits and beasts within hundreds of miles of the Storm Platform. With the roaring, the atmosphere suddenly grew serious.

“That youngster has a strong murderous nature.”

Ye Qingyu looked at the young man in blue, frowning slightly.

Many of the previous battles on the Storm Platform were caused from a vendetta, while this blue-robed youngster was only randomly choosing his opponents, there were no reasons of enmity or hatred. Everyone could tell that the blue-robed youngster was not here to solve enmity, but to kill and challenge. To satisfy his desire to kill.

Before Ye Qingyu heard the Encyclopedia of Clear River Domain Hu Bugui introduce the background of this youngster, he had heard many voices of discussion around the floating peak.

“Isn't that Mo Fengqing?”

“Mo Fengqing? The Mo Fengqing who had consecutively challenged the successor of more than 20 major sects over the past tens years and had never lost a battle, and quickly rose to the top 30 young talents of Clear River Domain?”

“Yes, yes, that's him.”

“It is that homicidal maniac.”

“Yes, this kid has a very strong murderous nature and is crazy. Did you know he especially challenged the carefully-trained up new talents. He kills at every battle, and had brought endless headaches to many sects.”

“Yes, the people he challenged today were the experts who had threatened to teach him a lesson or to stop him from killing.”

On the Storm Platform.

Mo Fengqing had yuan qi light flames circling around his body, blood light floating above his head, and murderous spirits that were like blood clouds, thick with killing intent.

The aura of clear clouds was wrapped around the Clear Wind sword in his hand, and his posture was arrogant to the extreme.

“Hahaha, a group of useless people, no one can receive my sword attacks, hehe, yet you all threatened to teach me a lesson... Haha, haha!” He said, kicking off the bodies on the platform of the people that he had killed.

“Haha, who dares fight with me?” Mo Fengqing pointed his sword around the floating peak, his posture was extremely arrogant.

For a while, many of the sect experts were taken aback by the sharpness of his sword. No one dared say a word.

“Haha, no one dares to challenge me? Next, who am I going to challenge? Ha, who will be the next misfortunate guy?”

Mo Fengqing laughed wildly, wearing a smug look on his face and looking more crazy. The sword in his hand was gently raised, slowly pointing around.

Everyone had a change of expression on their face.

In the end, Mo Fengqing unexpectedly pointed to the floating peak that the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect was on.

“Yes, it is you, the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect. Come up, haha, come up and let me crush you.”

He laughed wildly.

Before his voice faded.

There was an uproar around the Storm Platform.

“What? He dares challenge the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect? “

“I think this kid isn't afraid of dying.”

“I don’t think so. Although the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect is famous, but the ability of the successor is still unknown.”

“Right, right, I have been waiting for this for a long time, today I can see the remarkable skills of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.”

Although the people were whispering to one another, their eyes were fixed in the direction of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect; their interest was suddenly ignited.

The atmosphere suddenly became tense and heated.

It was a big deal for the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect to be challenged.

Above a distant floating peak.

Clad all in black with a solemn mask, the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect’s successor’s eyes flashed with killing intent beneath the strange mask.

He stood upright slowly.

Slow, but very calm.

Under the sun, this slightly thin figure was charming and tall, straight as a javelin. The expression of the mask was extremely silent and still, and no one knew what kind of expression was on the mysterious face hidden under mask.

“Are you sure you want to challenge me?”

The successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect uttered.

His voice, like being cut by a knife, was sonorously blunt, without the slightest humanly emotions, as if it came from a machine.

In the distance.

“Huh? That voice...”

For some reason, when Ye Qingyu heard this voice his face suddenly took on a look of astonishment.

He vaguely felt that this voice was a little familiar, that he seemed to have heard it somewhere before, but he couldn't remember.

On the Storm Platform.

“It seems that your mask has affected your hearing, and even more affected your judgment, hehe... Is it shocking? Then prick up your ears and listen, come up here and die, I am going to kill you on this platform.”

Mo Fengqing said with a provoking look in his eyes, the blue light of the Clear Wind sword slightly vibrating, the sword light flashing infinitely.

The arrogance and unruliness he showed were bordering on madness.

“Fine.”

The successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect nodded.

He stepped out and soared, disappearing in the blink of an eye.

There was only half a shadow left in his previous position.

The crowd had just felt a blur in front of their eyes, and before they could see clearly the traces of the figure, the next moment he was standing on the Storm Platform.

His figure was skinny, his black robe seemed more silent, as he stood there quietly with an imposing posture and a clear but unseen murderous intent that chilled everyone to the bone.

“Stop pretending to be mysterious. After I kill you, I’ll rip off your clown mask, so that everyone can see whether it is a ghost or human hidden beneath the mask.” Mo Fengqing gave a grim and resounding laugh. His laughter echoed in the ears of the audience. “

Tyrannical sword intent erupted from Mo Fengqing’s sword, sharp and penetrating, as if was about to isolate the world, sending shivers down one’s spine.

But the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect stood 10 meters away, an aura around his whole body flickering infinitely, like a candle in the wind, or a clear breeze, endless and elusive.

He lifted his palm, stretching out into the void.

A sword of multicoloured flowing light appeared in the palm of his hand.

Among the sword qi were waves of dazzling flowing lights of various colours rising and falling, skilfully and with ease. The flowing lights at the edge of the blade illuminated the boundaries of the Storm Platform. Although there were no sword shadows seen, the bounded walls were like ripples spreading out by the impact of the sword qi.

The cultivation and foundation of the successor of Heaven Devastator Demon Sect was hard to distinguish.

“I’ll give you the chance to attack first.”

The voice of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect was still devoid of emotions, but there was a bizarre power tapping into the heart of everyone.

“Arrogant, you’re looking for death. Ha ha, in that case, don't blame me for not giving you the opportunity to attack. Watch how I kill you in one move.”

Mo Fengqing thundered wildly.

The next moment he drew his sword.

A sky splitting sword intent burst forth, his body transformed into a stream of light, darting towards the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.

The Heaven Devastator Demon Sect’s successor stood motionless for a moment. It was only until Mo Fengqing’s sword tip was within an inch of his body that he suddenly shook, and a yuan qi sword emerged in his hand and slashed across like a night lightning.

Ding!

The clang of metal striking together resounded.

In a flash, Mo Fengqing and the successor of Heaven Devastator Demon Sect had swapped positions, standing back-to-back.

Only the very slight rustling of leaves could be heard.

“This... it's over?”

The people in the crowd that reacted first questioned.

The two people were standing back to back, and did not turn around. Had the battle ended?

As the crowd stood stunned with disbelief, another change happened.

Bang!

Mo Fengqing’s Clear Wind sword that had lost its luster was slipping from his hand, producing a crisp snap, and from his left shoulder to the right waist of the body was a smooth and subtle wound. Then, suddenly blood squeezed out, and his body that was slashed across was seen collapsing to the ground like a tree being cut down across the middle.

Mo' Fengqing still wore his usual laughing expression.

As if space had frozen.

It seemed as if time had slipped away under his nose.

All the people were aghast.

That brief sword light, that brief attack, that brief eruption of killing intent...

What happened in that moment?

There were not many people who saw it clearly.

The Heaven Devastator Demon Sect successor sheathed his sword, turning lightly around to leave.

Ye Qingyu also couldn’t help but sigh.

Ye Qingyu also could not see clearly. That moment when the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect successor made a move, which was similar to a fire meteor shooting across, even with his eyesight, he had just vaguely caught a little bit of the blade arc, but was unsure how he attacked.

“This Heaven Devastator Demon Sect really is indeed a super major sect, the strength of the successor is most likely far above mine. If I had to face this person then I must be really careful, I have a bad feeling that his sword skills is close to the Dao, and can break through the defense of my physical body.”

Ye Qingyu speculated in his mind.

If Clear River Domain really invaded Heaven Wasteland Domain, then the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect would become the enemy of Ye Qingyu, so he instinctively considered the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect as an imaginary enemy.

Before Ye Qingyu could give it some more thought, there was another thunder-like roar on the Storm Platform.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 538:


Chapter 558, Blood Rainstorm (4)

“Greater One Sect's, Chen Shaohua, come out to die.”

A thunder-like voice suddenly resounded.

This low voice that was like a great ball came from the southwest direction, pulling back everyone’s soul from dreamland. Everyone around the floating peaks snapped out of the previous astonishment, and one after another as though they had awakened from a dream, turned their head to that side.

Flowing light was flickering, yuan qi was surging.

An old man with a pale complexion and a very broad figure, dressed in a golden armour, like an angry lion, stepped into the clouds and landed on the bloody Storm Platform.

“Chen Shaohua, come on the platform.”

The old man looked toward the direction of Greater One Sect's floating peak, with a sorrowful countenance and a roaring voice.

The old man looked at least seventy or eighty years old, a head of grey hair, facial features that seemed he had been through the ravage of life. Although his body was tall and straight, his face was wrinkled by a lifetime of suffering.

It was hard to imagine why such a powerful martial artist like him would look so old. After all, once a martial artist reaches the Spirit spring stage, they would possess an abundant qi and blood, surging life force, their organs completely reborn, and compared to ordinary people, will appear younger. Many hundred year old monsters on the surface will look like a youngster of around 20 years old.

But the old man, like any ordinary old man, had a wrinkled face, looking incomparably miserable. Especially at the moment, his hair was disheveled by the wind, it revealed an unconcealable sadness and loneliness.

He was welding a heavy sword with a three meters wide blade, about two palms wide, the blade surface rugged, and there were dark red formations flickering indefinitely.

All around, the people on the floating peaks were gasping in astonishment.

“Finally, someone came forward to challenge someone of the Greater One Sect.”

“Haha, this may be interesting.”

“Who is this old man? Why does he look so unfamiliar.”

“Haha, the Storm Sword Duel is held once every hundred years, it is reported that to this day no one had dared challenge the disciples of Greater One Sect in their territory.”

“Yes, and the one challenged is Chen Shaohua.”

“This Chen Shaohua, is he not the Greater One Sect disciple defeated by the successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect that day in the tea garden?”

“Yes, hehe, he threatened to fight Tian Huang again, who knew that there would be someone else calling him up to challenge him.”

“Who is this old man? Although his strength is also regarded as a first-class expert, but to challenge one of the eight main successors of the Greater One Sect in front of the Greater One Spiritual Master, the headmasters and elders, it is... sigh, it depends on the old man’s luck...”

On the Greater One Sect’s floating-peak.

Sitting calmly with a smile on his face all this time, the Greater One Spiritual Master’s complexion did not have the slightest change.

Behind him, the several other headmasters also had the same expression as before.

Only the headmaster of Great Hua Peak had a slight change of expression.

And standing behind Great Hua Peak’s headmaster, Chen Shaohua’s eyes flashed with a hint of killing intent.

To be the first person to be named and challenged in this Storm Sword Duel was undoubtedly a humiliation to Chen Shaohua, especially in front of the headmasters of his sect and the other sects. Chen Shaohua was worried that it will have a negative impact on his future rise.

Of course, the most important thing is that he did not know the old man on the platform, or even why he would challenge him?

“Master, disciple has brought shame upon you.” Chen Shaohua apologized to the peak master of Great Hua Peak right away.

The Great Hua Peak headmaster nodded, “Since you’re challenged, then go on the platform.”

“Yes, disciples certainly will not embarrass master and our sect.” Chen Shaohua respectfully bowed.

But when he turned around and looked to the platform, his face darkened with anger and killing intent.

His figure moved slightly.

Swoosh!

An empty sound like a sharp arrow piercing the air.

The next moment, Chen Shaohua’s figure was seen standing on the platform.

“Who are you?” Chen Shaohua slowly walked towards the old man, his voice biting cold. “I do not know you, why did you challenge me?”

“You don’t know me?” A colour of sorrow and hatred came to the old man's face. “I am Golden Dragon Sect’s Xie Yuan.”

“Golden Dragon Sect?” Chen Shaohua’s eyes narrowed, as though he remembered something.

“Yes, murderer, do you remember the murder of 40 years ago?” Xie Yuan cried, his countenance mournful. “A family of three went out to travel, and as they passed across the Fragrance Plains, just because a one-year-old little boy was crying nonstop and inadvertently disturbed you, you killed him. My son, daughter-in-law and grandchild were all killed and their head hung on the gate of the town. No one was allowed to collect the corpse... Just a one-year-old child, he doesn’t know anything, my son also apologized to you, you... you... you are so cold-blooded... murderer, you are so ruthless, when I dream at night, do you know how much my heart aches?”

As he said his last sentence, the old patriarch of Golden Dragon Sect was unable to hold back his grief and sorrow any longer, tears welling up in his eyes.

“Heart aches? Haha, it happened 40 years ago, and it’s such a small matter, who would remember so much.” Chen Shaohua smiled. “There are too many people that have died under my sword, how can I remember everyone. So many people die in this world every day, the weak are like ants, what is there to be sad about.”

Chen Shaohua laughed right in front of him, as though it had nothing to do with him.

“You... cold-blooded man, you went too far! Forty years of bereavement, I had endured to today, I must settle this on the platform.” The old man bellowed, eyes blazing, sword flashing in his hands, and his fury soaring.

“Haha, the weak are prey to the strong, this has always been the case.” Chen Shaohua sneered disdainfully. “Old master Xie, you are an elderly, why do you take it to heart, I see you may not have many years left to enjoy, why rush to report to the gates of hell? I can spare you today and not kill you, step down the platform.”

As Chen Shaohua was speaking, there was a scornful smile on his face.

He did not attach any importance to the old man of the Golden Dragon Sect.

This old thing, is he worthy of being my opponent?

Opposite.

“Haha, good, good, good!”

Xie Yuan was trembling with rage.

He knew it was no use talking.

“Kill!”

The old man roared, yuan qi surged, the formation markings on his sword flashing frantically, as he charged at Chen Shaohua.

This strike that contained great indignation, was also frightening.

Opposite.

“Haha, old thing, so reckless, then I will fulfill your wish.”

A sneer passed over Chen Shaohua’s face, his eyes flashing with killing intent. There were already numerous silver yuan qi light swords that had formed from his thoughts.

He gently moved his hand forward in a pushing motion.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh.

Countless silver light swords shot out in an instant, as if death was waving its sickle, blocking off endless space, and battering Xie Yuan like a shower of rain. In the twinkling of an eye he was entirely submerged.

“Ah ah ah...” Xie Yuan, like a wounded old lion, roared wildly.

The formation sword in his hands was waved about frantically, propelling the yuan qi light swords. His feet moving non-stop, like a fish swimming against the current, he directly faced the wind and rain, closing the distance between him and Chen Shaohua.

Chen Shaohua's handsome face wore a contemptuous and cruel smile.

The yuan qi light swords were endless, as the air was being torn, constantly striking Xie Yuan.

Before Xie Yuan took more than ten steps, the movements of his formation sword were much more jerky, the sword body was mottled with scars and the sword could no longer completely block off the silver light swords. He swayed side to side, when four or five light swords broke his defense, piercing his body.

Bright red blood projected out of the wounds.

The old man's body was pierced and blood was flowing out like a fountain.

But as though he did not feel anything, he was still howling madly with glaring eyes, rushing against the destructive power of the light sword to where Chen Shaohua was.

Yuan qi light swords were constantly slashing across his body.

One...

Two...

Ten...

One hundred...

Hundreds of sword scars appeared on his body.

Only two breaths of time had gone, yet the old man's golden battle armour had been pierced through, falling apart, his body covered with bone-deep sword scars, like he had been through torture, looking miserable to the extreme.

“I’ll... kill... you... I...” The old man’s breathing was faint, and each of his steps left bloody footprints behind him. He would rather die than stop charging towards Chen Shaohua.

The heavy sword that he wielded had been broken into fragments, leaving only the hilt.

“I... even if I die... I need to... kill you... you...” When the old man was only three steps away from Chen Shaohua, apart from his head, he almost only had a bloody skeleton left, but the strong vitality of a martial artist kept him alive.

Even if my sword is able to touch this villain lightly, I can have counted to have avenged my family.

The old man's sight was a little blurred, as he howled in his heart.

The broken hilt was gradually drawing nearer to Chen Shaohua.

Behind him was a bloody path.

It was all his blood, his flesh.

Countless light swords solidified around Chen Shaohua, like a killing formation of Asura.

His face was without the slightest mercy.

“Old thing, you dared to challenge me. This is what you deserve.” He did not immediately trigger the light sword to kill Xie Yuan, but began taunting him, like he was tormenting a dog.

“I... you...” The old man finally stood unsteady, his hand failed to clasp around the hilt, losing his last strength of support and slowly collapsed.

Bang.

Collapsed to the ground

All his bones and joints of the body were broken and damaged.

The old man had only his head left.

His eyes looked to the sky, a trace of relief, but even more of resentment.

“One day, you'll get what you deserve.”

His last words were complete and flowing.

After death, his eyes were still glaring and open.

He died without closing his eyes.

Between the heaven and earth, there was a strong moving and tragic atmosphere flowing about.

It was the first time that there was some quiet around the Storm Platform.

A lot of people didn’t know what to say.

Many people felt as though their heart was blocked with something, feeling very uncomfortable.

Some young disciples were even shedding tears.

The old man was pitiful, but respectable.

Only Chen Shaohua had a cold smile on his face.

He lifted up a foot, like kicking a piece of rubbish, and sent flying the head of Xie Yuan, who died with a remaining grievance, and then deeply took a breath, his eyes lighting up as he suddenly looked towards a distant floating peak where Ye Qingyu was and thundered——

“Tian Huang, come up to receive your death.

He stood upright on the Storm Platform, arrogance across his face, as though the wind and clouds of this world were under his control.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 539:


Chapter 559, One punch raises wind and lightning

On a small floating peak.

Ye Qingyu slowly rose to his feet.

In his eyes, there was undisguised anger and killing intent.

It would not be his first time killing.

But it was the first time that Ye Qingyu wanted to kill.

The rules of the Storm Sword Duel made Ye Qingyu unable to save Xie Yuan the pitiful old man, because he knew well that, if he did help out, it would give the Greater One Sect the chance that they had been looking for to deal with him. This would ruin the series of plans he had after this.

Ye Qingyu was willing to pay any price in order to rescue Yu Xiaoxing.

So he must endure, a lack of forbearance can spoil great plans.

To look on helplessly as the old man was killed did not accord with Ye Qingyu’s nature and character.

But he had to endure.

This forbearance, at this very moment, had become the fiercest murderous intent that he had felt in his life.

If Ye Qingyu had known about this earlier, then back then at the Enlightened Tea Party, he would not have held back and definitely have killed Chen Shaohua on the spot.

Stepping out of the pavilion slowly, Ye Qingyu’s expression was fierce.

This time, Chen Shaohua, I absolutely will not let you continue to live.

He crouched down slightly, a violent physical strength bursting out. He applied force to his feet, and then, following a loud thud, this little floating peak was quaking.

The air current exploded, like a whirlwind, dispersing in all directions. Ye Qingyu's body was like a cannonball, shooting into the sky, piercing the air, and the next moment he had already landed on the Storm Platform.

Bang!

At the moment of him landing, the entire Storm Platform was seemingly vibrating.

“Today, you will die.”

Scowling at Chen Shaohua opposite who was laughing scornfully, Ye Qingyu said, his every word loud and clear.

A flow of purple lightning and thunder, slowly surfaced from his body, and a tyrannical physical strength and qi erupted, like an ocean was bubbling.

The imposing manner of Ye Qingyu continued to climb.

An invisible aura raged around his body, that even the air began to condense around his body and light rays began to twist under such a powerful imposing manner. An indescribable pressure, centered around his body, came scattering towards all directions.

Opposite.

Chen Shaohua’s body was also surging with yuan qi, resisting the pressure, but a trace of an evil grin appeared on his face, “Will die? Haha, this is what I want to say to you.”

“You, a defeated enemy of mine?”

Ye Qingyu laughed coldly.

The laugh was full of disdain and contempt.

He stood with hands clasped behind his back, looking at Chen Shaohua with an expression that seemed as if he was looking at a dead man, a clown, a bug.

Chen Shaohua was clearly irritated by the expression.

He furiously laughed to conceal his anger.

“Haha, what? You're defending the old man Xie, but soon you will be like him, reduced to a pool of flesh and a pile of bones.” Chen Shaohua gave a strange sneer. As he was speaking, at his side were silver yuan qi light swords appearing, densely floating around him, like a devastating sword formation. And compared to before when he killed Xie Yuan, each yuan qi sword had strengthened immensely, there were flowing lights and a murderous intent curling around like a rare divine weapon.”

Compared to 10 days ago at the Enlightened Tea Garden, this force had enhanced several times.

“Is that the source of your naive self-confidence?” Ye Qingyu was gradually moving closer to him.

“That's right,” Chen Shaohua roared. “Million sword origin... Kill!”

Swoosh swoosh swoosh.

The silver yuan qi sword light burst out at the same time.

The sword light surged like a shooting star, dazzling and rapid, simply surpassing the speed limit that the average human eye can capture.

The silvery sword lights were extending infinitely in a criss-cross pattern, like a deadly sword net, bringing an incomparably piercing and devastating sword qi as it shrouded Ye Qingyu, and almost drowned his entire body inside.

Ye Qingyu’s expression was calm as before, and he did not fight back in the slightest, as he closed in on ChenShaohua.

“Take out all your cards, otherwise, you'll die.”

Along with the movement of his every step was an abundant and undefendable imposing manner crushing over.

Ding! Ding! Ding!

Countless beams of piercing sharp sword qi slashed at Ye Qingyu’s body, producing light metallic clangs that resembled swords striking against one another, and flames sputtering.

Under such destructive bombardment of light swords that seemed like they could destroy the world he continued walking slowly, his hair fluttering, looking imposing and handsome, his complexion indifferent and calm, as if he was taking a stroll out in a light drizzle and was not hindered by it in the slightest.

Chen Shaohua’s expression changed.

Tian Huang’s physical body cultivation was much more powerful than it was a few days ago.

“Tian Huang, I want to see how many of my sword attacks you can block!”

As Chen Shaohua roared, his body flashed away, soaring skywards.

He only moved slightly and had leaped up 10 meters high, pinching his fingers and performing the sword seals. He put his palms together and a blaze of light erupted out.

Amid the shrill and mournful sounds of the air being destroyed, fluttering light swords that filled the sky like flowing light all converged toward his palm like a mother swallow bird returning to her nest.

In the blink of an eye, tens of thousands of swords had merged into one sword.

This sword was as bright as jade, dozens of meters long, like a divine weapon of a giant God.

“[Thousand Swords Return to Their Roots]... kill!”

Chen Shaohua thundered, swinging down his sword.

The bright giant sword in his hand momentarily split the void, slashing down at Ye Qingyu's head.

“Insignificant skill.”

Ye Qingyu’s face was crossed with the look of disdain, standing there and did not defend as before.

Bang!

A dazzling sword was brought down on his head.

The scene, at this moment seemed to have frozen.

The moment the great sword was pressed against the forehead of Ye Qingyu, it seemed to have gone motionless.

All eyes were fixed upon the scene.

A number of surprised exclamations blurted out.

And then——

Kacha! Kacha!

A light noise sounded.

On the body of the giant light sword emerged a small crack.

Then this little crack, like a spider web extending, instantly pervaded the whole body of the huge sword, before a loud boom resounded, as the giant sword was fractured at every inch of its length, becoming tens of millions of fragments in the air.

“What?”

Chen Shaohua’s pupils were shrinking, incomparably astonished...

This... how can it be?

His figure retreated at the first moment, pulling away.

“Is this your strongest power?” The murderous intent emanating from Ye Qingyu was like a whirlwind, approaching step-by-step.

The [Thousand Swords Return to their Roots] had failed to cut off even a strand of hair from Ye Qingyu.

Such a stance brought Chen Shaohua great psychological pressure.

“You... fine, let me show you my real strength today,” Chen Shaohua thundered.

Before his voice faded.

His ten fingers like a butterfly were swiftly twisting and wrapped around each other, forming a mysterious mark.

Between heaven and earth the yuan qi were like a vortex gathering around Chen Shaohua on the Storm Platform, the vigorous yuan qi forming a visible white hurricane, and in the center of the hurricane was Chen Shaohua, his long hair tossed about in the violent wind.

Chen Shaohua slowly spread opened his left palm, the yuan qi of the world as though it  had found an exit, converged at Chen Shaohua’s palm and condensed into a budding sparkling and translucent white lotus. The white lotus exuded a bright luster as it slowly bloomed in Chen Shaohua’s hand. And at that very moment of the flower opening up, Chen Shaohua’s right hand grabbed at the white lotus stamen, and then slowly raised his hand. The silver White Lotus Immortal Sword blossoming with a dazzling silver light once again appeared before Ye Qingyu's eyes.

He finally summoned the White Lotus Immortal sword.

The moment the White Lotus Immortal sword appeared, the Storm Platform was shrouded by its silvery luster.

A pure and scared aura pervaded the air. Chen Shaohua clasped the White Lotus Immortal sword, his clothes fluttering, standing aloof from the world and floating in the air like an immortal.

With the Immortal sword in hand, Chen Shaohua's momentum was skyrocketing.

The beautiful lotus in his left hand vanished as the White Lotus Immortal sword was pulled out, and behind him was a huge lotus-shaped halo gradually appearing, giving Chen Shaohua an immortal-like appearance.

A soul-stirring aura and power was radiated from Chen Shaohua's body.

“Hey? Much stronger than that day at the Enlightened Tea Garden.....Greater One Sect's foundation really cannot be underestimated.”

Ye Qingyu was somewhat surprised.

But his footsteps did not stop, his complexion was as before, as he continued to approach Chen Shaohua.

“I’ll let you know what a true White Lotus sword attack is!”

Chen Shaohua clasped the sword tight, howling wildly.

The White Lotus Immortal sword was like a peacock spreading its tail, one turned into two, two turned into three, three turned into millions. The endless, bright sword shadows nearly drowned the entire Storm Platform.

The spectating crowd could only feel their eyes stinging, and was afraid to directly stare at the scene.

Compared to ten days before, now the White Lotus Immortal sword could create shadows that solidified into a solid substance. Besides the top experts, many martial artists would fail to differentiate which one was the real White Lotus Immortal sword from the tens of thousands of sword shadows.

“The same old trick? Oh, have you exhausted your abilities?” Ye Qingyu sneered. “Well, I’ll let you know what real power is.”

He finally made a move.

It was time to attack.

He gently clenched his right fist.

A lavender lightning was faintly discernible on his fist.

Then he slowly released his punch.

Just moments ago, the fist power was faint and weak, like a breeze waving a willow branch.

After a moment, the fist was suddenly erupting with bolts of thunder.

Silently drawing bolts of thunder and lightning.

Before anyone could react, the air resounded with loud booming noises, just as the vault of Heaven was destroyed.

Boom!

Lightning flashed and thunder crashed and rolled.

An endless purple flame, like the wrath of Heaven, broke from his fist.

The violet light flooded the sky and the ground.

The brilliance from the White Lotus Immortal sword was instantly drowned out, eroded, destroyed, and obliterated...

“This... how could this be?”

Chen Shaohua's pupil reflected a purple light, which made his frightened face appear extremely ferocious.

Approaching from the front was a force he could hardly comprehend.

In the face of such a power, Chen Shaohua almost had no strength to struggle, he felt like a grain of rice falling into a raging sea. He was so small and insignificant that he could only wait to die.

“Ah ah ah... how could this be?”

He shouted in horror.

The power of the White Lotus Immortal sword melted like ice and broke like tiles, crazily vibrating, being crushed head-on by the purple fist print, and was knocked out his hand with a mournful cry and sent flying off somewhere. And the purple thunder and lightning fist print came pressing over. Chen Shaohua only felt that he was trapped within some sort of terrifying power, unable to struggle or escape, helplessly mangled into pieces.

“Pff...”

He opened his mouth, spurting out an arrow of blood.

His chest momentarily caved in, bones shattered into pieces, blood and flesh all mushed together.

“No...” Chen Shaohua roared like he had gone mad, his eyes filled with discontent and resentment——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 540:


Chapter 560, Sun and moon double wheels

Chen Shaohua could not accept such a result.

In order to regain his dignity and the fame that he had lost in the Enlightened Tea Garden on the Storm Platform, in these 10 days he had been madly cultivating. He even swallowed a lot of pills and medicines in order to enhance his yuan qi cultivation. Adding to this he had asked several elders to infuse inner yuan into his body. These 10 days of cultivation were comparable to the training of the past two or three years.

To train with such a self-harming cultivation method that may lead to repercussions, Chen Shaohua only hoped to defeat Tian Huang on the platform.

This time, he was full of confidence.

Who would have thought that...

“Ah ah ah, I don’t accept, I don’t accept.”

He roared wildly.

At the critical moment, he broke out with an unparalleled yuan qi power. His strength was rising again and he almost burned his life and martial arts source, in order to withstand the fist that was coming head-on.

However, the purple thunder and lightning fist was relentless and unshakable.

The force contained within the fist was not at all what he had imagined.

“Pff... Ah”

Bones fractured and collapsed, Chen Shaohua's whole body was badly mangled, like rotten flesh.

His figure was constantly shrinking back, and back, and back...

“Why... would this be?”

Countless years of cultivated martial arts self-confidence, at this moment had completely collapsed.

Chen Shaohua almost crumbled apart.

This moment, he knew that, if he had only relied on his own strength, he would never win against Tian Huang.

“Originally... I wanted to prove that I'm better than you,” Chen Shaohua gave up struggling, his body was almost crushed to a pool of blood, but his face suddenly surfaced with a ferocious and mad face that should not belong to this state. He seemed to be mumbling and seemed to be talking to Ye Qingyu: “You forced me... You forced me to... It's all over, Tian Huang, I have to admit you are strong, but on this platform, I represent Greater One Sect, so... I can't lose!”

His mouth was wildly spurting out blood; Chen Shaohua was at his last gasp.

But his eyes were glowing with a mad, dangerous light.

“Sun and moon double wheels, come out.”

In the midst of a low roar, unexpected changes happened.

A faint golden glow flew out of Chen Shaohua’s mouth.

The next moment, the golden glow burst out into a dazzling splendor that surrounded Chen Shaohua’s almost crumbling physical body, and a golden spherical light shield wrapped him within. The yuan qi between the heaven and earth immediately converged towards the golden spherical light, penetrated through the light shield, and came pouring into Chen Shaohua’s body like golden quicksand. It was seen that, under the effect of the light shield, Chen Shaohua’s body was recovering rapidly at a frightening speed.

Ye Qingyu's purple lightning fist launched right at the golden spherical light shield, but unexpectedly was instantly deflected.

Ye Qingyu withdrew his fist.

His face took on a solemn expression.

Opposite.

“Hehe, Tian Huang, I said before, those that go against Greater One Sect, will only die.” Chen Shaohua's body had been completely restored, there was not the slightest scar, and on his face was a hint of a ridiculing look as he said, “I can't kill you, but Greater One Sect can.”

As he was speaking.

The golden spherical light shield, was like the blazing sun. It enveloped his body, and on the surface of the light shield were two strange formations looming out, that at first glance seemed like two golden dragons stretching out. It was extremely bizarre.

Bang!

Ye Qingyu's right fist swung out again.

The punch struck the golden light shield around Chen Shaohua.

But the purple shock wave was dissolved as soon as it came into contact with the golden shield.

His right fist, which contained the power of thunder and lightning, was like it went up against cotton. The offense was completely eliminated!

Ye Qingyu’s brow slightly knitted together, withdrawing his right fist.

“Greater One Sect has indeed done such a shameless thing.”

He looked at the golden sphere that was enveloping Chen Shaohua, realizing that it was not something that belonged to Chen Shaohua.

Not only did this golden sphere not belong to Chen Shaohua, even the power and light contained within the golden sphere were not Chen Shaohua's power.

……

The showdown between the two people on the Storm Platform was watched intently by the crowd below.

As the Nangong family, the Sky Demon Palace, the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect and other major forces saw that Chen Shaohua's body was enveloped by the golden light shield, they all shot a glance over at Greater One Sect’s floating peak and then quietly shifted their gaze back to the Storm Platform.

These influential people all could discern certain clues.

What Greater One Sect had done was to be expected of them.

If it were them, they would have done the same thing.

The dignity and honour of his sect will never allow Chen Shaohua to lose in such a fight.

Around the floating peaks.

“What's going on? What just happened?”

“This Chen Shaohua is suffused with a white light?”

“No, why would Chen Shaohua have such a strong defensive force! This is not... not his power,” someone exclaimed.

“Yes, Tian Huang's physical strength is already extraordinary powerful, because he focused on training the body, but this Chen Shaohua, when did he gain the defensive skills that could withstand Tian Huang’s strength... The golden light ball is...” One of the elders of the Flowing Water Sect was amazed at the defensive power that Chen Shaohua showed.

“The foundation of Greater One Sect is not something we can predict. He most likely is using some rare treasure of Greater One Sect!” said an old man of the Divine Sword Sect.

On a small floating peak.

“His mother...” Hu Bugui stood up gritting his teeth. “That is the Sun Wheel, one of the divine treasures of Greater One Sect, how could it appear in the hands of Chen Shaohua?”

Nan Tieyi’s countenance also changed instantly. “Not only the Sun Wheel, even the strength that is activating the Sun Wheel is not the power of Chen Shaohua, but...” Nan Tieyi looked in the direction of Greater One Sect’s floating peak.

Strength of such a level, only the peak masters of the eight peaks of Greater One Sect possessed.

“Only Immortal stage experts can apply such power into the Sun Wheel, and control the Sun Wheel.” Liu Shaji also darkened with fury, “This Greater One Sect is simply despicable.”

“I'm afraid there are more despicable things.” The look on Nan Tieyi's face grew grim. “Among the Greater One Sect’s divine treasures, there is not only the Sun Wheel, but also the Moon Wheel. The two combined into one creates the real killing divine weapon; the Sun Wheel mainly defends while the Moon Wheel mainly attacks, coordinating harmoniously. It is a very terrifying weapon.”

“You mean...” Hu Bugui also figured this out, his facial expression becoming more gloomy, “Chen Shaohua not only has the Sun Wheel, but also the Moon Wheel?”

Nan Tieyi nodded.

“Haha, keep watching.” Old Fish interrupted, grinning, and seemed not at all worried about his disciple.

……

On the Storm Platform.

Under the protection of the golden ball of light, Chen Shaohua slowly landed on the ground.

His face wore a mocking expression.

After the activation of the Sun Wheel, his aura had undergone an inexplicable unknown change.

If it was the Chen Shaohua from before, he would still have the high-spirited air of a young expert and the decisiveness. But now, from Chen Shaohua’s body, there was one thing that had already silently shattered.

This, Chen Shaohua knew better than anyone else.

The activation of the Sun Wheel, was tantamount to giving up his dignity as an expert.

In such a battle and occasion, it was a disgrace to give up one's power and to defeat an opponent through the power of others.

A martial artist that has given up his own dignity, in the end cannot avoid demons in ones heart and eventually fail to reach the martial arts peak.

A martial artist with ambition will never leave such a flaw in his own heart.

And Chen Shaohua... if he didn't do this, he would have died.

He didn't want to die.

In the beginning of the fight against Tian Huang, Chen Shaohua wanted to rely on his real strength to win.

He really was going to save what he had lost in the last battle.

Unfortunately... Tian Huang was too strong...

Too strong that it made Chen Shaohua despair.

He had no choice.

The power that belonged to the Immortal stage slowly erupted out.

Everyone could only see that, behind Chen Shaohua were two fists-sized wheels gradually becoming visible. One was exuding a sun-like luster, which shrouded Chen Shaohua. The other crescent shaped wheel at this time was quietly suspended behind Shaohua, emitting a faint light.

A vast sun.

A crescent moon.

The illusion of the sun and moon rising emerged behind Chen Shaohua.

Sun and Moon Double Wheels.

“Tian Huang, you pushed me to such a step. You must be proud, when you die, I will bury you!”

Chen Shaohua’s eyes flashed with a biting cold, murderous intent.

Opposite.

“Let me try the Sun and Moon Double Wheels.” Ye Qingyu stared at the Sun and Moon Double Wheels with an eager look.

Ye Qingyu’s right fist was raging with lightning power, purple lightning like sparks popping and crackling.

Ye Qingyu had activated the True Will of the Sky Dragon to its peak; his right fist had become a dragon claw, wrapped in powerful lightning force.

“My Great Hua Peak’s treasure, the Sun and the Moon Wheel Attack and Defense in One, you want to rely on brute force to break the impenetrable defence of the Sun!”

“Impenetrable defence, that is too soon to say!” Ye Qingyu threw out a seemingly slow fist at Chen Shaohua.

Boom!

Ye Qingyu launched his third punch.

But once the fist power broke out, it only felt like a clay ox plunged into the sea, the fist intent had completely vanished.

“A very strong defensive force!”

Ye Qingyu thought.

“Tian Huang, give up, forget it, hahaha, it’s my turn.”

Chen Shaohua's eyes flashed with a fierce light, and behind him the quiet light of the Moon Wheel suddenly exuded a chilling cold killing intent.

The Moon Wheel behind him rose above his head, like a crescent moon in the blue sky.

Chen Shaohua's hands floated up from his sides, as if he was under the greatest of pressure.

Chen Shaohua recited a string of incomprehensible notes. Like opening the cage of a tiger, glaring light burst from the Moon Wheel overhead as a terrifying aura pervaded the air, and a power several thousand times more frightening than that of Chen Shaohua’s White Lotus Immortal sword was released from the Moon Wheel.

Under absolute power, the space on the platform froze over, Chen Shaohua’s long hair fluttered about in the absence of wind, his face fierce, and an ominous glint flickered inside his eyes.

“It's definitely not Chen Shaohua’s own power!”

Ye Qingyu's expression grew serious.

In a flash, Chen Shaohua had finished storing up power.

“Tian Huang, die!”

His arms folded across his chest, and his palms suddenly thrust out.

The originally quiet Moon Wheel suspended overhead transformed into a stream of light and closed in on Ye Qingyu with a deadly atmosphere.

Just as Ye Qingyu was about to counter back, suddenly his complexion changed.

Because in this split second, he was glued to the spot, his body felt as though it had been locked, being unable to move in the slightest. The palm-sized Moon Wheel expanded before his eyes, and came crushing over like a mountain.

Time and space seemed to be frozen, and Ye Qingyu, who was glued to the spot, felt like he had fallen into a deep swamp——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

