Chapter 601:


Chapter 619, Spectacle



In the vortex formed by the yuan qi sea, there were more and more yuan qi-formed sea water flowing back towards the feet of the yuan qi giant, and gradually condensing at the foot of the giant.



Thousands of meters high, the seawater at the foot of the yuan qi giant was as though it was solidified. The waves unceasingly continued to gather there, like it had instantly frozen into ice crystals.

As more and more waves converged at the foot of the yuan qi giant, the ice crystal-like yuan qi, at a speed visible to the naked eye, were constantly spreading around the two sides of the yuan qi giant, forming a one-hundred-meter-wide, one-thousand-meter-long crystal platform steps.

Ye Qingyu issued the command for the yuan qi giant to step its right foot onto the platform steps.



The yuan qi giant slowly lifted his right foot, steadily stepping onto the embryonic platform steps.



At that moment.



In the outside of Ye Qingyu’s dantian world there was a momentary stillness.



The yuan qi sea was as though it had been frozen. The sea ceased to tumble, and the waves stayed still in the sky. After a moment, the sea resumed its flow, and the monstrous waves continued lifting into the sky.



“Immortal Step.”



Ye Qingyu stared dazedly at the platform steps formed by the yuan qi waves at the giant’s feet, inexplicable thoughts emerging in his mind.



He knew that when the other foot of the giant also steps onto the platform, he really would be stepping into the Immortal Step boundary, the first level of the Immortal Step boundary!



As long as he continues to practice, the first level of steps will form into a second, and then a third level, up to the ninth level!



Only when his yuan qi cultivation reaches to a certain extent will it form the next step.



The yuan qi giant in the yuan qi sea will climb the platform steps one by one, until the day he reaches onto the ninth step. At that time, he will be able to become a legendary nine-level Immortal Step boundary expert!



And now, his yuan qi true-self doppelganger was already in the embryonic stage and the first level of the Immortal Step had appeared. Everything was developing in the direction he wanted it to develop, but he did not anticipate that this day would come so suddenly.

He suppressed the joy in his heart and his mind, and continued to refine the spiritual qi within the [Blood Drinker Sword].



More seawater in the yuan qi sea formed pillars of water in the vortex, pouring into the platform step above.

The platform step gradually condensed and solidified.

The contours were gradually becoming clear, like an ice sculpture.



On the platform step there was a faint, strange pattern which, upon a closer look, was as though there was a hint of purple, a pure chill spreading out from the platform step.



Ye Qingyu carefully observed the immortal step in the sky, when he suddenly exclaimed, “It seems that my power of thunder and lightning had integrated into my yuan qi, and is also appearing on the immortal step. The ice yuan qi also seemed to be progressing.”

As time went on, the other foot of the mighty giant slowly lifted up, stepping towards the platform steps.



……



……



In the skies of Flowing Light City.



Strange great changes suddenly appeared.



The clouds in the sky, as though drawn by strange forces, were violently and swiftly converging over of Flowing Light City like mountain beasts.

The wind also changed. The originally leisurely breeze suddenly began to rise, howling like a spiritual beast, as it surged in an orderly manner towards one particular direction.



The first to notice this strangeness were the ones sitting in the south building discussing the next step of the plan to defend the city - Hu Bugui, Chen Zhengliang, Ling Xiaoran and the others.



The several people had almost at the same time felt the turbulent tides of yuan qi in the city.



It was as though a basin of boiling water was slowing being poured down over Flowing Light City, the steam and mist hanging in the air were tumbling like water-formed yuan qi rolling across.

This sudden surge of yuan qi was like a tremendous pulling force, absorbing the spiritual qi of all living things towards one direction.



The several people’s eyes flashed a look of astonishment, exchanging glances with one another, understanding the situation, then slightly nodded to each other, before they turned around and disappeared where they stood.

The next moment, they all reappeared in the air above the south building.



And the experts who were scattered throughout the city at this moment were suddenly stiffened with fear, a horrified look on their faces, with both suspicion and shock in their mind, as they all simultaneously looked to that direction.



The yuan qi tidal waves, which had converged from all sides, twisted and rotated the clouds, and a giant cloud vortex suddenly emerged above Flowing Light City.



In the skies of Flowing Light City there began to appear an earth-shaking spectacle.



In the blink of the eye, the entire Flowing Light City was as though it was enveloped by a tremendous upside down dome, and what covered the sky was a thick fog-like yuan qi vortex.



On the streets.



“What's going on?”



“Are demons invading?”



“No, it seems like a spectacle within the city.”



“Could it be that senior Tianhang has finished his training?”

“Haha, has senior Tianhang made a breakthrough to an even higher stage!”



More and more onlookers rushed out, standing on the streets looking at one direction while looking at each other to inquire about what happened. Their eyes flickering with a glimmer of anticipation and excitement.

“Over there!”



Suddenly someone screamed in the crowd, and almost at the same time, everyone looked over at the center of the vortex.



The center of the vortex was like a huge waterfall pouring down, and the place that the waterfall gushed towards was precisely the peak of the stone tower that Ye Qingyu was training at.

In the air.



“This spectacle...”



The scene fixed in the eyes of Chen Zhengliang was the giant tornado-like mist moving towards the top of the stone tower.



Like hundreds of rivers coming together, the yuan qi and spiritual qi were like the streams of a waterfall coming from the vast expanse of sea, and the stone tower was like a whale madly inhaling all the qi of Heaven and earth.

As though he had suffered the greatest shock, Chen Zhengliang felt that his heart was being suppressed by some sort of heavy object, there was a tight feeling in his throat.



“In the past, there are a lot of human experts in Flowing Light City that had made a breakthrough, and I remember one hundred years ago there was an elder in Flowing Light City who had broken through the Immortal Step boundary... But compared to today, with such earth-shattering imposing manner, that even the law of Heaven and earth is impacted, it really is unheard of, unseen...”



The others all nodded silently, their gaze fixed firmly at the source of the changes——



Stone tower.



“Look! In the middle of the mist...” Ling Xiaoran’s eye flashed a very shocked expression.



The crowd immediately followed the direction of his finger.



Above the Stone tower.



Like a rapidly spinning tornado, the mist vortex began to form countless floating ice crystals. There were increasingly more and it was increasingly crowded. The countless ice crystals, like wandering fish in the ocean, surrounded and spun around the giant mist vortex.

And within the layers of mist, faintly discernible streams of violet light currents, as though drawn from the peak of the ninth heaven, were like purple light dragons dancing toward the summit of the stone tower.

The originally dull ice crystals, after being illuminated by the violet light currents, began to become crystal clear and sparkling with multicoloured lights. The originally dense fog-like mist grew more dazzling and increasingly bright, and the entire vortex reflected a colourful brilliance towards the peripheries of Flowing Light City.

On the streets of the city.



“Wow! Mother, mother, quickly look! There are gems in the clouds!”



A round-faced girl in pigtails tugged at her mother’s hand, excitedly pointing at the rapidly swirling vortex.



“Lord Tianhang is about to come out of training!” A middle-aged man beside them, who looked to be a martial artist, after being taken aback for a moment, immediately said in a pleasantly surprised tone, while brushing his black beard and smilingly looking at the little girl.

“Do you think Lord Tianhang is going to be even more stronger when he comes out?”



“Yes, no more demons will dare to bully us!”



“Lord Tianhang will help us deal with them!”



“I'm going to find Lord Tianhang to teach me sword skills!”

“Me too!”

“Me too!”



Several teenage boys who stood at the front of the crowd were waving their fists excitedly, their eyes glistening and their faces beaming with spirited smiles.

……



Fifty miles outside of Flowing Light City.



Inside the Demon Spider Race's camp.



The tens of thousands of soldiers of Devouring Heaven Camp who were resting and recuperating at this time all took on an abrupt change of expression. That vast imposing manner was like the tentacles of a living creature stretching in all directions.



Where the tentacle passed by, there was a mountain-like oppressive feeling.



Standing outside the tent, the Demon Spider Race generals were all aghast at the sight, casting fearful looks at the spectacle in the skies of the distant Flowing Light City.

In the distance, that mist vortex that blotted out the sky, was like a tremendous pillar that propped up the sky, connecting the sky and earth, and covering the whole Flowing Light City to protect it within...



At this moment, the sudden earth-shaking spectacle was one that they had never seen before.



There was obviously no threat or dangerous aura, but under the tyrannical imposing manner, the soldiers of the Demon Spider Race camp all felt an unprecedented repression.



It seemed that the pressure of this strange power did not come from one person, but from Heaven and earth...

“Your highness...”  Tong Wen looked at the hurricane funnel in the sky that shrouded Flowing Light City with a shocking look on his face, as he stood in the open space outside the tent.



At this time, there was also a hint of unconcealable shock in the round-faced Prince’s eyes.



He stood in front of Tong Wen with a pondering expression, lightly shaking the slingshot that he casually made from a branch that he picked up.



“Your Highness, this spectacle of Flowing Light City is most likely linked to that chubby man...” Tong Wen swallowed a mouthful of saliva, relieving the dryness of his throat from the shock and nervousness.



“Yes... maybe, haha, interesting, I think, I am certain who that guy is,” Mojin said thoughtfully and did not turn around as usual. With an imperceptible smile on his indifferent face, he continued to fiddle with the slingshot in his hand.



But if Tong Wen had leaned a little to one side, he will find that on the seemingly frivolous Prince’s chubby face was a strange expression. In his eyes, there was unprecedented seriousness, which was seemingly mingled with a trace of envy and suspicion——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 602:


Chapter 620, Finish training

The Stone Pagoda.

The lights that slowly revolved around the inner walls of the stone tower were like thousands of thumb-sized snakes, and the rapidly moving formation markings were fading away under a strange guidance.

As though it had suddenly perceived something, the protection formations in the space also dissipated. The stone tower suddenly went clear and bright.

The figure that had been sitting on the jade-coloured glass mat for half a month finally slowly opened his eyes.

As Ye Qingyu’s eyes opened, feeling the warm rays of light in the stone tower, a slight hint of joy lit up on his face.

When the last trace of violet glow vanished between his fingers, he slowly rose to his feet and breathed a sigh of relief.

“Haha, first level of Immortal Step boundary, I have finally reached it!”

He gently stretched about his body, carefully feeling all the new minute changes within his body from the inside to the outside, and from the top to bottom.

“It's a strange feeling that’s quite different from the previous ascension...”

Ye Qingyu pulled the corners of his mouth back to a slight smile, as though this new strength and perception allowed him a deeper understanding of the secrets and mysteries of this endless world.

Now, his sixth sense and perception ability can reach far beyond two thousand meters. His recognition of all the things in heaven and earth had shifted from a silhouette to an increasingly clear figure.

Ye Qingyu’s divine senses operated at his will, feeling all living things around the stone tower.

As though everything were close by, even the wind-blown vegetation, the changing of the rolling clouds, and even the sound of wild flowers blooming in the mountains, these were all things he was able to feel very distinctly

“As expected...”

Ye Qingyu darted his eyes around, gazing at the shape of the world in his sea of consciousness. He then nodded slightly in understanding.

He remembered that in the Underground Moon Immortal Palace he heard Old Fish mention that the Immortal Step boundary was a dividing line of martial arts cultivation.

Before that, all martial artists’ six senses and perception of the world was that the mountain is a mountain, and the water is water. But after stepping into the Immortal Step boundary, the mountain was no longer a mountain and the water was no longer water..

Of course, it was not that everything in the real world underwent such changes.

This change existed only in the sixth sense of the divine senses of an Immortal Step expert.

Ye Qingyu carefully studied a mountain range that his divine sense had arrived at.

The shape of the mountain was no longer the forest and soil seen in the past, like the outer layer had been uncovered. What he saw were the veins in the depths of the mountains.

A number of winding brown-coloured veins, like the blood vessels in the human body, seemed as though it were supporting up the essence of the entire mountain.

“It seems I could see the spirit of the mountains...” Ye Qingyu carefully studied the dense web-like veins, feeling the power of law within the veins faintly surging.

In the distance.

“This is?”

A long-flowing river that was no longer water-shaped drew Ye Qingyu's attention.

In the river before him, there were wisps of hair-like luster, like spiritual fishes with their own consciousness flowing along with the tide. They flowed along with the stream, but it was also like it was the original form of water. The real river water was formed from these thousands of strands converging together.

Not only the mountain and water, but the wind, clouds, leaves, and even all living things of the universe...

At this time, everything was no longer the appearance seen with the naked eye. It instead took the form of vein lines, the energy gathered by the inextricably linked power of laws, as though the living things of the universe were made up of these thousands of changing veins.

The mysteries of the power of laws of the universe were like a thin layer of paper before Ye Qingyu. With the slightest touch, it would be completely exposed in front of him.

The mountains were not mountains.

The water was not water.

This was the power of the Immortal Step boundary.

Ye Qingyu breathed a sigh of relief, retracting his divine senses.

He was very satisfied and delighted with his current perception ability.

With a deep breath, he began to look on the inside.

Ye Qingyu felt the flowing yuan qi within his body running freely like rivers gushing to the tip of each branch. A very carefree and strange feeling enveloped his body, as though his hair, fingertips, as well as skin were all filled with a joyful feeling.

In the dantian world.

The yuan qi power was still surging, the tremendous waves almost solidifying. Exuding a violet light, the yuan qi true-self doppelganger was still firmly standing on the first immortal step where streams of water had gathered.

“That... the yuan qi true self doppelganger also transformed.”

Ye Qingyu looked at the giant body faintly flickering with a thin ice-like light, his heart trembling. He immediately grew excited.

“Ice armour?!”

The yuan qi giant, under the effect of the ice that he cultivated, was gradually covered in a layer of icy armour. The armour, set off by the crystal clear pure waves, seemed incomparably dazzling, invincible, and every piece of the scales had a faint icy light lingering around, like an illusion.

The yuan qi giant radiated an imposing aura.

His every subtle action could send the whole sea crazily surging, and the turn of his hand lifted the monstrous wave into the sky, connecting the sky and ground.

He seemed to be the king of the entire vast expanse of the dantian world.

“In this way, the strength of my yuan qi can be moved unobstructed at my will...” Ye Qingyu controlled his mind, and the yuan qi giant put his hands together. A sparkling and translucent wave immediately produced an imposing and majestic trembling sound, slamming toward the vast expanse of the ocean.

Ye Qingyu's eyes flashed with surprise.

His clasped hand unfolded, eyes staring with fixed concentration until a substance-like white light gushed out. Like hundreds of rivers had converged on his palm, a huge pillar of yuan qi shot out from the palm of his hand.

“Unexpectedly, after stepping into the Immortal Step boundary, under the control of the yuan qi true-self doppelganger, the power of the yuan qi in the dantian world, whether it is the strength or the speed of operation of yuan qi, have been increased several times...” His palms gently drew closer, a lightning flashed, and the huge pillar of yuan qi instantly dissipated, vanishing completely as if it had never existed in the void.

Ye Qingyu controlled his mind to send consciousness power surging toward the limbs, blood vessels, and all bones of his body.

There was strange purple-coloured blood flowing in the veins, which was much deeper than before in the Underground Immortal Moon Palace.

There were also faint movements of purple currents around the expanding gap between the muscles, like a little spirit was constantly moving up and down, dancing between the strong and powerful muscles.

“Huh?”

Ye Qingyu looked at the markings adhered to the bones, noticing that they were much clearer than before, and increasingly concentrated, covering a much wider area.

He stretched out his hand, unfolding his fingers in the void.

His body strength surged, each inch of the bones and tendons all drove to a new boundary. All of the power was gathered to the fingertips, when suddenly his fingers grasped tightly, and his powerful physical body strength increased once again.

“This is... 7 million pounds of strength...”

Ye Qingyu felt his fingers like five giant ancient mountains pressing toward his palm, and instantly made a judgment on his current physical improvement.

Now that the flow of his divine sense was completed, Ye Qingyu could finally focus his attention.

The endlessly surging force that seemed like it could tear apart the earth had at last gradually calmed down.

Through this experience, he evidently felt that the connection between his physical body and consciousness was growing stronger

Because through the murals of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], his consciousness power had already reached the nine steps of the Immortal Step boundary, while his body was still at the peak of Heaven Ascension. In other words it was as though an immemorial divine mountain was placed on a little boat.

But now that he had completely entered the Immortal Step boundary, his physical strength had greatly improved and had been refined, and his control of his consciousness power had become more and more smooth and complementary.

The connection and compatibility between consciousness and physical body was related to whether the martial artist could really display the greatest complementary strength. Ye Qingyu had always extremely valued this point.

“With my present strength, if there is a chance to battle a Demon Spider Prince again, there is no need to bring out the [Blood Drinker Sword] for me to win against him.” A confident glint flashed in Ye Qingyu’s eyes.

With a will from his heart.

The boundary walls that Ye Qingyu had set up in the courtyard of the stone tower were like giant flowers blooming, their petals unfolding and then dissipating in the breeze of the void.

“The training period is a bit too long, I don't know what's going on in the city...”  With this thought, he walked out of the stone tower.

The stone tower gate was pushed open.

He stepped out.

But the moment Ye Qingyu stepped foot out of the stone tower, his brows suddenly scrunched together.

Almost right away, he felt a strangeness in the environment.

Quiet.

A very strange silence.

Although in sight was still the courtyard outside the stone tower, but there was a strange rippling in the void. It was sometimes slightly distorted, sometimes swaying in the wind, wrapping round the stone tower.

Outside the courtyard, the view of birds, plants and trees was very clear, as if almost within reach. But all sounds, whether it was the snow, wind, or cicadas chirping had all strangely disappeared.

It was as though he had stepped into a very silent space of the real world.

In the courtyard, there was not the slightest sound.

Suddenly.

The space at the courtyard door was twisted.

A figure emerged from a water-like ripple.

Ye Qingyu saw a young man dressed in a red-and-black robe, with a white round-face and an inexplicable light smile looking at him strangely.

“The Prince of the Demon Spider clan, Mojin!”

Ye Qingyu was startled.

He recognized the round-faced youngster at one glance. It was the young Demon Spider Prince who he ran into at the heavenly gate training zone when he first entered Clear River Domain.

Why would he come here?

During the war between the Human Race and the Demon Spider Race, a prince of the Demon Spider Race had silently appeared outside the stone tower where he was training. Several questions surfaced in Ye Qingyu’s mind.

In the blink of an eye, Ye Qingyu restored his calm.

Given his current strength, there was no need to fear Mojin anymore.

Ye Qingyu indifferently looked at the round-faced Prince Mojin, and did not take the initiative to speak first——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 603:


Chapter 621, Someone above

The round-faced Prince yawned and stretched lazily, looking at Ye Qingyu who just slowly stepped out the door. Leaning against a tree, his expression was as if he had finally found an old friend. Faintly smiling he exclaimed, “Hey, you’re finally out.”

Ye Qingyu’s eyes flashed a hint of surprise, “You were waiting for me?”

“Yes, while you’ve been training in seclusion, spectacles were frequently appearing across the heaven and earth. There was a tremendous movement outside of Flowing Light City that could be seen from hundreds of miles away, and it stirred up a commotion... Haha, I have a curious mind, so I of course had to come see,” with a light smile on his face, the round-faced Prince said firmly.

“Just to come and see?” Ye Qingyu’s expression was calm despite being unable to understand what the other party’s intention was.

His divine sense diffused out. It was only when he found out that Flowing Light City was in a peaceful condition, the Demon Spider army had not counterattacked, and it appeared that only Mojin came to the stone tower alone, did he feel more relaxed.

Given the round-faced Prince’s strength, in Flowing Light City, except Hu Bugui, there indeed was no one that can stop him. Moreover, if attempted to sneak in quietly, Hu Bugui most likely would not notice.

The round-faced Prince Mojin evidently felt Ye Qingyu’s divine sense extending. He smiled, saying, “Rest assured, this city, I won't touch it.”

Although they were enemies, but Ye Qingyu began to understand this round-faced demon prince. From his manner, he knew that he really had no intention of attacking Flowing Light City.

“Then why did you come to find me?” Ye Qingyu looked him in the eye, asking with bewilderment.

The round-faced Prince smiled. Rubbing his nose, the gold embroidered pattern on his red-black robe faintly radiating brilliance as he strode forward, he stopping ten steps before Ye Qingyu.

He lowered his voice to a very mysterious proud tone. “I told you. To see you, haha, Deer City, White Deer Academy, Youyan Pass, Snow capital... [War God] Ye Qingyu, Haha, what a resounding name. From the commotion you caused these days, no wonder that you are called the genius of Heaven Wasteland Domain. Your pace of cultivation is astonishing and despite being from a small domain. Compared to those so-called geniuses of Clear River Domain, you are much superior.”

Ye Qingyu’s pupil shrank when he heard these words.

The aura around his body sharply rose.

“You know?” Ye Qingyu firmly stared at Mojin. “You... how do you know so much? You've been to Heaven Wasteland Domain?”

He was certain that Mojin was not trying to test him.

Because if he did not know about Heaven Wasteland Domain, there was absolutely no way he would mention Deer City, White Deer Academy, and Youyan Pass. He even more would not know that Ye Qingyu obtained the title of [War God] during the military training in Snow capital.

This guy, how come he had so much information?

Had the Demon Spider Race already invaded Heaven Wasteland Domain?

Or could it be...

Ye Qingyu’s mind was a bit chaotic at this moment.

A fierce aura diffused out from his body.

The round-faced Prince Mojin smiled and motioned with his hands, “Calm down, calm down, I did not come to fight.”

As he was speaking, he took a few steps back and spread open his hands, indicating his non-malicious intent. Then a mysterious smile spread across his face as he propped up his chin with one hand and grinned, “I have not been to Heaven Wasteland Domain, the Demon Spider Race also has not found the coordinates of Heaven Wasteland Domain. Don't worry, the small domain is still good for now... Haha, but, it is no exaggeration to say that I understand you more than you think I do. And most likely that your loyal friends in Clear River Domain, Hu Bugui, Liu Shaji and others do not know you as well as I do.”

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

At this moment, there was no need for the round-faced Prince Mojin to deceive him, and since he had said with such certainty, it was clear that Heaven Wasteland Domain was safe for now.

Slowly exhaling, Ye Qingyu quickly calmed down, eyeing the other party with a piercing stare, as though attempting to see through the Demon Spider Prince, “Speak, what did you come here for?”

The round-faced Prince shrugged, grinning, “I told you already, you had caused such big commotions, I just came to see you. Haha, I have a really strong sense of curiosity. In fact, when you came to Clear River Domain. I should have recognized you.”

“Recognize me?” Ye Qingyu captured some information from these words, “So in other words, before I came to Clear River Domain, you’ve already heard about me?”

The round-faced Prince nodded firmly. “Perhaps you do not know, but you’re quite famous. At least, even if I know that you’re the evil member of Heaven Wasteland Domain that the Greater One Sect mentions, the important figure that my Demon Spider Race and many major forces of Clear River Domain want to capture, but... even so, I do not dare touch you.”

Looking at the mysterious look on his face, Ye Qingyu was more confused than before.

Now that Ye Qingyu’s strength had dramatically risen, stepped into the Immortal Step boundary, and his consciousness power had long reached the peak of the Immortal Step boundary, not only did he gain a new understanding of this world, his sixth sense and intuition also climbed to an incomparably sharp degree as a result. No matter whether it was with people or matters, he had an inexorable sharp judgement.

And now, this intuition told Ye Qingyu that the ordinary-looking round-faced man before him was not talking nonsense.

Since it was not nonsense, then the information he revealed was worth pondering.

“Why?” Ye Qingyu looked at him, without hiding his surprise in the slightest. He calmed down, decreasing his watchfulness and stepped forward, saying with a smile, “Why do you not dare to touch me?”

The round-faced Prince’s expression suddenly became a bit strange, bowing his head he sighed, “Mistake, it is a mistake. I just came to see your condition and then leave, but in the end I could not help but to say a few words...” Here, he stretched out his index finger with a look of distress and pointed up. “I can only tell you that someone above does not allow me to touch you.”

There's someone up there?

Ye Qingyu was taken aback. “You mean, in the Demon Spider Race, someone is protecting me?”

The round-face Prince shook his head and said in a disdainful tone, “Those stubborn, old ones in the clan are all short-sighted, what do they know...” the high and mighty Prince cursed. Evidently he had no favourable opinions of the elders in the Demon Spider Race. “I will not care about what some old guys think, but you’re right. There is someone above who wants to protect you, and this person’s status is a bit scary.”

Ye Qingyu's puzzlement deepened, “Just who is this person?”

The round-faced Prince shook his head as he moved back several steps, before he said, “I cannot say, don't ask.”

Cannot say?

Ye Qingyu was even more shocked

The round-faced Demon Spider Race Prince was not an easy person to deal with. He even looked down on the elders of the Demon Spider Race and openly called them old guys. He was evidently a fearless demon, but he personally admitted that he does not dare to say? Who was he afraid of? What kind of person could make this little demon this scared?

“Don't guess, you'll never guess.” The round-faced Prince knew what Ye Qingyu was thinking from his expression. “I will not give you any hint, the information that I know about you was from there. Don’t worry I will not do any adverse things to you, and also will not attack Flowing Light City. If I really wanted to kill you, I could have joined hands with Mofeng to kill you... You should be able to feel my sincerity through this.”

“Sincerity?” Ye Qingyu suddenly smiled. “Although you did not reveal too much information, but I think this person you mentioned must know me very, very well, right? Otherwise you wouldn’t have gotten so much information of me, and this person that knows and understands me so well, at least, has lived with me, or has paid special attention to me. There are only a few of such people, if I analyse carefully...”

“Shut up.” The round-faced Prince, like a rabbit whose tail was being stepped on, suddenly jumped up. “Don't say it. Anyway I wasn’t the person who told you such information. Do not drag me down, even if you guessed who it is, do not say it out loud. I don’t know anything.”

Ye Qingyu stared at him blankly.

He did not expect the round-faced chubby guy to react so strongly from a few words.

All of a sudden, Ye Qingyu felt that the chubby guy was somewhat a little cute, and completely different to the berserk and fierce demon look that many people imagine the Demon Race to be.

“Well, since you don’t want to kill me, and do not want to attack Flowing Light City, then why is the army still outside the city and had not retreated?” Ye Qingyu smiled and looked at him. “You are a demon prince, but you can't command a Demon Spider army?”

The round-face Prince smiled. “That is not it, I was just a little curious about you. I wanted to find a chance to see what kind of person you are, so I did not leave, and ordered the people of the Devouring Heaven camp to accompany me to stay for a few more days. But today, I have told Tong Wen to retreat.”

Ye Qingyu’s brow furrowed in disbelief.

Just because of his curiosity, the army had stationed here for so many days. How much rations and fodder and military supplies had been wasted? Because the Devouring Heaven camp had not retreated, the people in Flowing Light City had not been able to relax and thought the Demon Spider Race was planning a counterattack. Who would have imagined that...

Those with power are willful.

Too willful.

After a pause, Ye Qingyu thought of something else. “The retreat of the Devouring Heaven camp means the Demon Spider Race has given up on Flowing Light City, right?”

Upon hearing this remark, the round-faced Prince abruptly laughed-----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 604:


Chapter 622, True face



What was surprising was that the Greater One Sect was indeed a centipede that goes on wriggling when already dead.

What he was rejoicing was that, in a way, Clear River Domain had returned to a temporary state of peace and the Human Race will not have to worry about the fire and chaos of war for a period of time. Many of the people forced from their homes from war can finally relax and recuperate for a while.

He hoped that this kind of peaceful times could be maintained for a little longer.

“Ah, today I really have unconsciously said too much. I shouldn't say anymore, or I will get in trouble.” As the round-face Prince looked at Ye Qingyu, his eyes suddenly flashed a strange expression. It seemed to be envy, but also seemed to be somewhat an unwillingness. In the end he finally shook his head. “Actually, you can now walk around Clear River Domain without any disguise. You have performed exceptionally meritorious service to Clear River Domain, your fame has spread, and in the domain alliance, there is someone protecting you. Now Greater One Sect does not dare to do anything to you. The major forces of Clear River Domain will also most likely gradually receive the news. The most important thing is that Heaven Wasteland Domain has entered the field of vision of the domain alliance. Although it is said that this alliance is no different to a pack of wolves, but they still need to pay attention to some rules. Now you’re the number one person of Heaven Wasteland Domain, you need to come out openly and socialize with the domain alliance. If you want Heaven Wasteland dDomain to be kept hidden, it is impossible. After all, the Central Domain Gate had already appeared, and sooner or later there will be people of other domains entering Heaven Wasteland Domain. It is inevitable... Finally, haha, your face now is too ugly, you should change back, ahhahaha...”

When he finished, without waiting for Ye Qingyu to say anything, he waved his hand, covered his mouth, and laughed loudly as always, before turning away.

This was obviously because he was afraid that he would blurt something else out.

Ye Qingyu couldn't help laughing.

The chubby man was somewhat interesting.

However, he most likely was deliberately waiting for him outside the stone tower, and said so many things to him and revealed so much information. It was not because he was as ‘curious’ as he had said.

A gust of wind blew.

Mojin’s figure transformed into thousands of ink-coloured petals that drifted in the wind before disappearing from where he stood.

The stone tower courtyard again restored the calm condition that Ye Qingyu saw before.

The instant the Demon Spider Prince disappeared, the world was no longer silent. Ye Qingyu could feel the life and spirit of the plants and rocks in the courtyard, as well as the surging yuan qi outside of the boundaries of the stone tower.

Ye Qingyu stood there quietly for a long while.

It was only after a full hour that his face suddenly revealed a trace of a smile.

“Nevermind, don't think about it anymore... I’ve been training in seclusion for so long, it's about time to see how the outside is.”

Ye Qingyu lifted his feet, and walked toward the outside of the stone tower courtyard.

In one step, his muscles and bones gradually underwent a strange change visible to the naked eye. The originally chubby figure instantly stood upright, and when he finished on the third step his whole person had completely changed, including his face.

Beyond the stone tower courtyard.

Hu Bugui, Ling Xiaoran, Chen Zhengliang and many people had been waiting quietly.  Because of the gradual disappearance of the spectacles and movements in the sky and earth, they knew that Ye Qingyu was about to come out from training, so they had been eagerly awaiting him half an hour ago.

Creak!

The red door of the stone tower courtyard opened gently.

Ye Qingyu's figure appeared before the crowd.

Looking at the figure at the door, everyone was stunned.

All eyes were fixed on a handsome and confident figure standing tall in the wind. His slender body was not at all weak. His black waist-length hair was tied with a blue hair band at the back of his head, gently swaying with the breeze. His pure white robe glistened under the sunlight, and the breeze fluttered his sleeves, like an immortal. His face was beautiful like jade, and his facial features were defined and sharp like blades. He had long arched brows, bright star-like eyes, a tall nose, and thin lips that were curved with a light smile.

His every movement gave out a graceful and ethereal aura.

The sun lit up his body, as if his body was draped in thousands of gold light. He did not seem like a mortal, giving off an indescribable, formidable, and heroic aura that made people afraid to look at him directly.

Chen Zhengliang and the others looked at the figure that just came out of the courtyard with a dumbfounded expression.

Who was this man who just came out of the stone tower?

Where is Senior Tianhang?

When Hu Bugui saw that Ye Qingyu had shown his true face, he was also taken aback for a moment.

But he was the great thief after all. He immediately understood Ye Qingyu’s intention——It seemed that from now on Ye Qingyu will no longer have to hide his true identity. During this training Ye Qingyu had broken through into the Immortal Step boundary, and his strength had certainly increased drastically. He naturally did not need to be afraid of others anymore.

With this thought Hu Bugui burst into a hearty laughter, “Haha, little brother, you finally came out!”

He went up to clapped his hand upon Ye Qingyu’s shoulder and stood beside him.

Ye Qingyu smiled and nodded, “En, I’ve finished training.”

Ling Xiaoran, Chen Zhengliang and others immediately realized that this Senior ‘Tianhang’s’ previous appearance was just a disguise.

Hu Bugui revealed a strange smile, thinking that he should take the opportunity to explain everything, so he turned around, looked at Chen Zhengliang and others, and said grinning: “You guys guess his true identity. Whoever guesses it right, I will treat you to a drink!”

Ling Xiaoran's eyes flickered with puzzlement. He gave it a deep thought then said in a serious tone, “So this is senior’s true face, graceful and handsome like an immortal... Hmmm, could senior be the most mysterious genius of Clear River Domain, the jade-faced immortal, Sima Yue?”

Hu Bugui curled his lips when he heard this, “What Sima Yue, I have not heard of him.”

The others also began to throw out guesses.

Without allowing the others to continue to guess, Hu Bugui waved his hands and exclaimed, “Okay okay, you guys won't be able to guess, let me tell you, he is in fact Ye Qingyu... hahahaha, what, unexpected right!”

Everyone was shocked at the remark.

“Ye Qingyu?” Ling Xiaoran uttered, looking strange.

Right away he thought the name sounded familiar but did not react.

“Is it the rumoured perverted demon Ye Qingyu,” Heng Yugue suddenly realized something. She suddenly looked up and fixed her eyes on the jade-faced Ye Qingyu with a look of disbelief.

At this moment, the other people also finally reacted.

In this period of time, Ye Qingyu's name indeed had appeared too frequently. In Clear River Domain, almost everyone knew him, so they did not think in this direction.

On the aged face of Elder Zheng, there was shock flickering.

He looked at Ye Qingyu, his mouth opening to say something, but in the end he kept quiet, and restored his calm right away. His eyes had the same trust and respect as he did before.

At his side, Chen Zhengliang’s face was twisted with complex emotions. Besides shock, there was also a hint of inexplicable fear.

He had indeed heard about the matters to do with Ye Qingyu, who could be said to be the fuse of the current mess of Clear River Domain. Moreover, there were also many rumours about Ye Qingyu that were basically defaming him. He was said to be a maniac killer, a perverted demon, and a devil that commit any imaginable crimes...

He had never thought that the true identity of senior Tianhang would be him.

And at his side, Ling Xiaoran, Heng Yugue and Scar-faced Jin also fell strangely quiet at this moment.

An indescribable undercurrent flowed amongst the crowd.

The atmosphere was suddenly tense and weird.

Upon seeing the atmosphere, the smile on Hu Bugui’s face gradually faded.

“I say, what do you mean by those expressions? Do you still not know what kind of person brother Ye is? The rumors about brother Ye were all deliberately spread out by the Greater One Sect. Their purpose was to ruin his reputation, demonize Heaven Wasteland Domain, and gather all forces to kill him. What you heard about him being a pervert is all nonsense. Do you think that a person so handsome like my little brother will lay eyes on the ugly people of Greater One Sect? If he really were going to commit harmful acts to Clear River Domain, then why did he risk his life to save the city from danger?”

The great thief explained irritably.

Chen Zhengliang and others trembled when they heard these words.

That’s right.

What was the matter with them?

How could they react like this?

Were they suspicious of the saviour of Flowing Light City?

They suddenly remembered how the person before them faced the enemy alone, stood against hundreds of Demon Race experts, suffered countless wounds, and almost died to save Flowing Light City from calamity, especially the last battle, which was tragic and moving. But because of some rumors, they had forgotten all the things that they have been through together. Because of some rumours they were skeptical of their saviour.

Chen Zhengliang, Ling Xiaoran and others immediately took on a look of shame.

Ye Qingyu noticed the changes in the people’s eyes. Such a change was within his expectations, and he also did not mind. He faintly smiled, “That day, I had no choice but to hide my real face, please forgive me.”

Chen Zhengliang, with a face of guilt, hastily responded with a cupped fist salute, “Senior Ye don't say that! It is us who are wrong, we were skeptical of senior... It is my good fortune to be acquainted with senior Ye!”

Ling Xiaoran and the others also bowed. “That’s right, we were misled by the Greater One Sect and misunderstood senior Ye. We feel really guilty, but you can rest assured that no matter what the price, we will wash away those rumors for you, so you will no longer be troubled by those rumours!”

Hu Bugui laughed, “Haha, brother Ye, with the Immortal God Emperor Sect lending a hand, it seems your bad reputation will be washed away soon.”

Ye Qingyu helplessly shook his head and laughed. “Then thank you, everyone.”

Before his voice faded.

Swoosh!

In the direction of the Southward building, the sky was suddenly lit with bright fireworks streaking across the horizon.

Ye Qingyu and the other people’s attentions were instantly drawn to this.

Ling Xiaoran complexion changed, “That is the urgent signal of the Immortal God Emperor Sect... There must be important information coming!”

As he spoke, he cast a glance over at Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui.

“Then what are you waiting for? Hurry, hurry go to the city to see what the news is.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

