Chapter 1081:


Chapter 1096 – Their Individual Trump Cards


As expected, the first challenger was someone from the Seven Sons who had haughtily proclaimed that they would crush Ye Qingyu under their feet. His sword radiance was like lightning and seemed like it could kill instantly while his cultivation was indeed very terrifying.

However, Ye Qingyu showed no signs of countering with an attack of his own.

A ray of flowing light appeared behind him and his sword moved gracefully to block Meng Wuyou.

"I'm Lin Yutang from the Human Race headquarters and I'll be challenging you," a clear voice rang out.

The person who had attacked was one of the leaders of the White-robed Divine Guards, Lin Yutang.

Clink! Clink! Clink!

Countless sword lights clashed loudly against each other.

Sparks flew everywhere.

They moved apart after the initial clash.

They were evenly matched after the initial exchange of blows.

"Lin Yutang? Leader Lin Yutang, have you pledged your allegiance to this crazed demon Ye Qingyu as well?" The sect master of the Four Stars Sect said angrily, "Are the White-robed Divine Guards in cahoots with Ye Qingyu to do evil?"

He was a middle-aged man with black beard and hair and who looked very authoritative. He was dressed in bright red ancient robes and looked very imposing. When he spoke, his words carried such authority that it brooked no defiance.

"The mandate of the White-robed Divine Guards has always been to weed out evil and protect the order of the Human Race, so why do you say that we're in cahoots?" Lin Yutang said sternly and held his sword horizontally in front of him. "Furthermore, Lord Ye Qingyu is the third deputy spokesperson of the Human Race, so wouldn't it be reasonable for the White-robed Divine Guards to obey his orders?"

"Humph," the sect master scoffed and his brows arched in anger.

Meng Wuyou smirked coldly and said, "Your innocence has yet to be proven and no one knows if you had a hand in Ren Puyang's death. Instead of staying at the Alliance of Domains to reflect on your actions, you have stirred up even more controversy with your appearance here. This is a gross dereliction of your duty and you deserve death, so I will destroy you on behalf of the Human Race today."

Then, sword light appeared once more and his deadly moves surged.

He was not considered the best amongst the Seven Sons of the Four Stars Sect, but he was very quick to anger and also very ruthless. He was well-known for being merciless to his opponents and since there was no goodwill left between the Four Stars Sect and Ye Qingyu, he no longer had to show mercy and would be able to freely hack his opponents into pieces with his sword. In the past few millennia, the Four Stars Sect had ruled supreme over the others sects and had only submitted to the Human Race headquarters of the Alliance of Domains in name only. Did anyone actually expect them to beg weakly for mercy when their opponents were right at their doorstep?

Lin Yutang said calmly, "The wise man knows he knows nothing while the fool thinks he knows it all... there’s no need for me to explain. Let's battle."

A dazzling splendor exploded from the long sword in his hand.

The battle started once more.

Moments later—

The sect master's lips moved imperceptibly as though he was saying something, but no one else could hear what he said.

Another ray of flowing light shot forth from the Four Stars Sect's camp.

"I'm Kong Wuyu, one of the Seven Sons of the Four Starts Sect. I'd like to challenge Leader Lin Yutang."

Another expert from the Seven Sons of the Four Stars Sect stepped forward to join forces with Meng Wuyou to defeat Lin Yutang.

There were several in the crowd who thought that this was a shameless move.

However, this was exactly how the Four Stars Sect had always behaved – they had always used their strength or ganged up in numbers to bully the weak. This was certainly their disciples' favorite technique.

The Seven Sons of the Four Stars Sect were even more extreme. They had once challenged an elder of the Human Race together and at first, they battled him one after another in quick succession, but after they realized that they could not defeat him, they joined forces to attack him and claimed that 'the Seven Sons of the Four Stars Sect are one body and all seven of us would attack the one person as one just as we would do the same against an army of a million.' After they ruthlessly killed that Human Race elder, they went around showing off their deeds…

The corners of Ye Qingyu's mouth curved upward slightly.

His challenge against the Four Stars Sect had not been a hasty decision and he had carefully planned this operation, so he was obviously prepared to face their shameless techniques.

A ray of sword light flashed and shot out from behind him.

This sword force moved like a rainbow and was surprisingly on par with Lin Yutang's.

"I'm the Tang Chong from the White-robed Divine Guards. Kong Wuyu, you'll be up against me."

A muscular figure in white armor stood imposingly. He was one of the four main leaders of the White-robed Divine Guards of the Human Race, Tang Chong. His sword light moved as realistically as a sword and danced around the skies like a silver serpent. As it scattered across the skies powerfully, he managed to block Kong Wuyu.

Boom! Boom Boom!

An intense and fierce confrontation broke out in the void.

Another expert from the White-robed Divine Guards?

The expressions of those in the crowd changed.

Within the Four Stars Sect's camp, the eyes of the sect master, the Four Stars Holy Girl and many elders of the sect had clouded with confusion. The possible implications behind the appearance of these two White-robed Divine Guards who had aligned themselves with Ye Qingyu was a little hard to determine.

The Four Stars Holy Girl suddenly laughed and said, "I've heard that Ye Qingyu is on good terms with both Lin Yutang and Tang Chong. These two guards used to be the close confidantes of Ren Puyang in the past. Now that Ren Puyang is dead, these two men are just like weeds bobbing on a river or like dogs without a master. They had probably thrown their support behind Ye Qingyu earlier which explains their appearance today… They are merely two warriors who failed to see the larger picture and failed to recognize who would win today – they are not worth a mention."

The upper echelons of the Four Stars Sect all heaved a sigh of relief at her words.

Her words made a lot of sense.

They highly doubted that someone like the third deputy who held the title in name but wielded no authority would be able to command the entire Human Race headquarters at the Alliance of Domains and convince them to go on such a rash punitive expedition with him.

After giving some thought to this matter—

Swish! Swish!

Two more figures stepped forward from the Four Stars Sect's camp and moved as fast as lightning.

"I'm Lu Wuqing of the Seven Sons!"

"I'm Huang Wuming of the Seven Sons!"

Another two experts from the Seven Sons of the Four Stars Sect issued consecutive challenges.

They were one of the weapons and resources that the Four Stars Sect could count on.

They had many highly-skilled experts of the same level and Ye Qingyu had yet to fully mature, so even if he had one or two experts on his side, their sect still had strength in numbers, so he would never be able to truly be flexible in his battle strategy and would ultimately be forced to battle them head-on. This would then deplete his yuan qi and leave him in a miserable state.

A ruthless smile appeared the faces of several upper echelons of the sect.

However——

Swish! Swish!

Another two rays of flowing light shot out from behind him to block the attacks of Huang Wuming and Lu Wuqing. They were both extremely strong and managed to stop these two experts from the Four Stars Sect.

"I'm Fang Bule, leader of the White-robed Divine Guards."

"I'm Jin Zhiyi, leader of the White-robed Divine Guards."

Those two White-robed Divine Guards did not give a long self-introduction but the crowd and the higher-ups of the Four Stars Sect immediately recognized them since the leaders of the White-robed Divine Guards were all well-known throughout the Vast Thousand Domains and they were recognized as the elite experts of the Human Race. Even Jin Zhiyi who had always kept a low profile and was never involved in any controversy also once had his moment in the spotlight.

The appearance of the two men immediately caused the atmosphere to change.

If Lin Yutang and Tang Chong had allied themselves with Ye Qingyu because they were on good personal terms with him, then the appearance of Fang Bule and Jin Zhiyi completely dispelled this theory. Everyone knew that Fang Bule had once clashed with Ye Qingyu and Jin Zhiyi was definitely someone who would only act on the orders from the Human Race headquarters and would never attack simply because of personal ties or any other reason.

Everyone immediately came to the same conclusion after the appearance of both men——

This was not a personal crusade by Ye Qingyu alone against the Four Stars Sect.

It could possibly be… the intention of the entire Human Race headquarters!

There was a vast difference between those two scenarios.

The Four Stars Holy Girl felt as though someone had given her a hard slap and her astonishment was clearly written all over her face.

The expressions of the upper echelons of the Four Stars Sect clouded over with worry and they no longer looked as relaxed as they had been earlier.

Everyone knew how powerful the headquarters of a single race could be. The Human Race headquarters was not any weaker than the Four Stars Sect, whether it be in terms of resources or the number of experts. The appearance of the four main leaders of the White-robed Divine Guards was enough to explain certain things but now, everyone was curious to know exactly how many people within the Human Race headquarters had allied themselves with Ye Qingyu and how much support had the headquarters thrown behind him?

The sect master's expression became very grave and even a little dark.

With a slight wave of his hand, the remaining three experts of the Seven Sons transformed into rays of flowing light and joined the fray.

Another ray of flowing light shot out from the divine temple to stop those three men.

It was the haughty young man, Lu Wei.

He stood proudly in his green robes and his silver sword in his hand.

This young man's aura and mannerisms were simply astonishing. He managed to single-handedly stop three people from the Seven Sons with the silver sword in his hand. The sky was filled with his dazzling sword radiance that rained down like starlight and it was so powerful that he did not seem to be at a disadvantage even though he was facing three opponents alone.

"Hmm? Who's that?"

"I've never seen this young man before."

"Could he be Ye Qingyu's disciple? Wait, but their swordsmanship techniques are different."

The experts throughout the land who were watching this battle from a distance were not as shocked by Lu Wei's appearance as they had been by the four main leaders of the White-robed Divine Guard, but they were surprised by how strong this young man was since he managed to single-handedly stop three experts from the Seven Sons. Their curiosity was piqued and they couldn't help but try to guess his identity.

Those who knew his true identity immediately turned pale.

The Four Stars Holy Girl was one of them.

She knew that Lu Wei was the grandson of that elderly Quasi-emperor.

If Lu Wei was here, did that also mean that the elderly Quasi-emperor also supported Ye Qingyu and his decision to launch a punitive expedition on the Four Stars Sect?

During the past one to two years, the elderly Quasi-emperor had emerged powerfully to suppress many foreign races and human forces, but he had not attacked the Four Stars Sect, so those at the Four Stars Sect assumed that the elderly Quasi-emperor had chosen to co-exist amicably because he was afraid of the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect. Yet, now it seemed that their assumptions were wrong and this elderly Quasi-emperor had instead chosen to make the Four Stars Sect his final target and decided to crush them in a single move after he had made the necessary preparations.

The Four Stars Holy Girl was no longer as calm as she had been before and even started to look a little flustered.

The sect master's face had darkened even more.

The situation was clearly much worse than they had initially expected.

The elderly Quasi-emperor could possibly be in their midst with full oversight of the battlefield, but was keeping himself hidden.

Then, another voice rang out from the divine temple.

"The sect master of Four Stars Sect, the battle has already begun. Why don't you join the battle and let's have a battle to resolve this," a slim and handsome figure slowly walked out from the divine temple to stand next to Ye Qingyu as he issued a challenge to the sect master.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1082:


Chapter 1097 The Two Most Beautiful Women of Their Time


This voice commanded everybody's attention.

There were not many people in the world who were able to challenge the sect master of Four Stars Sect to a duel in front of everyone. Ye Qingyu was one of them, but experts who were comparable in strength to the four main leaders of the White-robed Divine Guards were not considered challengers.

However, when they saw who had spoken, the crowd gasped and had to admit that this person indeed had the right to challenge the sect master of the Four Stars Sect on such an occasion.

This man stood straight and tall in a stately manner. He was similarly dressed in white robes and an iron flute hung from the jade belt that was cinched at his waist. He was handsome and elegant, his beard was well-maintained and beautiful, his eyes were as bright as stars, and his features were well-defined and full of righteousness. He carried himself authoritatively, as if his imposing aura could be felt even when he was not angry. He even managed to hold his own even when he stood next to Ye Qingyu. And actually, his aura seemed to be intensifying with time.

"Is that him?"

"Yes, I think it is. Now that the four main leaders of the White-robed Divine Guards have appeared, it would be weird if the spokesperson himself didn't make an appearance."

The crowd discussed it animatedly.

Most of the spectators in the void had already identified this man——

He used to be the second deputy spokesperson of the Human Race.

And now, he had been promoted to the position of the spokesperson of the Human Race.

There had been two main deputies under Ren Puyang. The first was Ou Wuji, who was more well-known and had a greater presence in the Human Race headquarters at the Alliance of Domains, so he was a prominent figure. But during the battle of the mourning hall, Ou Wuji decided to seek redemption and ultimately died in battle. The second deputy had always been a mysterious figure who kept a low-profile. Only a few people had seen him and it was rumored that he was a hidden warrior who did not care for power or politics. He worked in the shadows just as Ou Wuji worked publicly to keep an eye on the headquarters of the Human Race. Only the elders of the past knew exactly how mighty and powerful this second deputy was.

After the battle at the mourning hall, Ye Qingyu refused to become the next spokesperson of the Human Race, so the second deputy had naturally stepped up to take on this mantle and take command of the Human Race headquarters at the Alliance of Domains. He had made use of the past year to establish his command and turned the once chaotic headquarters into an orderly operation. He made use of his authority and his power to gain the complete cooperation of everyone at the headquarters. It was also only during the same period that the foreign races and forces of the Vast Thousand Domains came to know of this warrior who used to operate from the shadows. However, up until this day, no one knew what his name was or which sect or force he belonged to. They only knew that his last name was Li.

Issuing a challenge to the sect master of the Four Sects Sect as the spokesperson of the Human Race could even be said to be beneath his status.

After all, the Four Stars Sect had publicly agreed to submit to the command of the Human Race headquarters.

This also meant that the sect master could not make up excuses to try to evade this duel.

Otherwise, the reputation of the Four Stars Sect would truly be in tatters.

As everyone's focus turned to him, the sect master of the Four Stars Sect stepped forward and said darkly, "Spokesperson Li, may I know what crimes have the Four Stars Sect committed for you to mobilize the entire strength of the Human Race headquarters to attack us? How could you lead the four main leaders of the White-robed Divine Guards into battle based on the words of Madman Ye who had killed so many? Are you merely just a puppet leader of the Human Race headquarters who acts on the orders of Madman Ye?"

Spokesperson Li smiled, "Every bite and sip has been preordained. Your gift of gab will be useless today."

He took out the flute that hung from his waist and slowly stepped forward, his figure flickering with each step he took. Soon after, he was within a hundred meters from the sect master and he said, "Please make your move."

The sect master clenched his jaw and said, "Are we battling to determine a winner, or are we battling to the death?"

"We shall battle to the death," Spokesperson Li replied calmly.

The sect master was reluctant to battle, not because he was afraid of dying, but because he could not figure out how things had turned out this way. Ye Qingyu alone could not possibly have the power to mobilize the entire strength of the Human Race headquarters. His reputation had risen rapidly, but he could not possibly command such power and authority, so had they miscalculated or overlooked some detail?

"I want an explanation," the sect master said through gritted teeth.

Spokesperson Li shook his head slightly and sighed. Then, he said, "I'm sure you are well aware of what the Four Stars Sect has done. Your sect's actions have brought shame to the Human Race and have to be condemned by the Human Race and the entire Alliance of Domains… This plan to launch a punitive expedition on the Four Stars Sect was not my decision but had been planned while Mister Ren Puyang was still alive. Now that you know this, this should quell whatever resentment you may have."

"What?" The sect master's expression immediately changed.

This plan had been in place while Ren Puyang was still alive?

He immediately realized that the Human Race headquarters was clearly well-aware of what was happening internally within the Four Stars Sect, so there was no point in trying to deceive them any longer, nor was there any way of avoiding this battle today.

"Alright then." The sect master smirked coldly after his doubts were cleared up. "Since this is the case, there is no point wasting any more time on small talk. This plan might have worked if Ren Puyang was still alive, but today, haha, even if you use all your resources within the Human Race headquarters, you will no longer be able to defeat us."

Spokesperson Li said with a small sigh, "You still refuse to admit your wrongdoings… I guess Deputy Ye Qingyu has made the correct decision."

As soon as he spoke—

He brought the iron flute to his lips, and as his breath circulated, a melodious tune could be heard from his flute. Then, this tune transformed into a visible formation in the void that looked like chains as it swept toward the sect master.

This Human Race spokesperson who had always kept a low-profile was a master at using music as his weapon.

"Get lost!" the sect master shouted. Then black and white flames flickered in his palms to transform into two swords that were black and white respectively.

He slashed out with his swords and destroyed the musical formations. His sword will spread across the skies like heavenly starlight and hurtled toward Spokesperson Li.

As the saying goes, once an expert attacks, everyone can tell exactly how strong they are.

These two prominent figures immediately displayed their incredible strength the moment they made their moves. Although both sides had only launched initial probing attacks, the aura they unleashed was as abundant as roaring waves and immediately surpassed the battle of the Seven Sons against the leaders of the White-robed Divine Guards and Lu Wei.

Ye Qingyu stood on the stone steps of the divine temple and watched the battle unfold quietly.

It was not time for him to make his move yet.

Soldiers were battling soldiers while the masters were also battling against each other.

The sect master of the Four Stars Sect was definitely not the strongest person within their camp. If the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect was not present, then these battles would merely be an appetizer and this would be reduced to the Human Race headquarters pitting their resources against the Four Stars Sect.

Soon after, someone else emerged from the divine temple.

"Four Stars Holy Girl, I challenge you to a battle." The chubby Li Shengyan glared angrily through bloodshot eyes at the Four Stars Holy Girl, who stood across from him. It had been more than six months since he had been badly injured by her and her accomplices, and after this near-death experience, he had emerged to become even stronger and his strength had skyrocketed. He wanted to challenge the Four Stars Holy Girl to avenge the death of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] because the Four Stars Sect had plotted against his ancestor.

"The descendant of the Li clan? Very well," the Four Stars Holy Girl said as she stepped forward. "You are no match for me anyway. Killing you will be as easy as slaughtering chickens. Now that Li Xiaofei is dead, as the descendant of the Li clan, shouldn't you also join him in his grave? If I were to destroy the Li clan's bloodline of the Ming Domain, then I would truly be destroying Li Xiaofei's legacy. Today is the day I will kill you."

Li Shengyan remained silent and inhaled a huge mouthful of air. His entire body expanded like a balloon, as though he had absorbed all the spiritual qi within the universe, then he reached into the void and pulled out a pair of heavy golden hammers.

This was his first time summoning a weapon.

Clink!

He smashed the hammers against each other and the sky was filled with golden bolts of lightning.

The battle began instantly.

Different kinds of energy forces circulated and clashed within a ten thousand-kilometer radius of this void, and each battle was a fierce battle to the death that was fought with astonishing and intense ferocity.

Time ticked by.

The Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect did not make an appearance. But despite his absence, his presence was like a huge rock that pressed on the back of Ye Qingyu's mind along with all those from his camp, while the elderly Quasi-emperor had the same effect on the Four Stars Sect's camp.

Ye Qingyu continued to wait quietly.

One hour later, there was a change on the battlefield.

"Aah…" Meng Wuyou screamed as his arm was hacked off.

This expert, who was part of the Seven Sons, was ultimately not Lin Yutang's match after a prolonged battle. When they faced each other head-on, he quickly had been unable to hold his own against Lin Yutang and was seriously injured.

"Kill!" Lin Yutang shouted and attacked ruthlessly.

Poof!

A head rose into the sky as Meng Wuyou was beheaded.

He reconstructed his physical body in the next instant but his face was pale and it was clear that this had taken a huge toll on him. When these Four Stars Sect's experts saw how ferocious Lin Yutang was as the battle dragged on, they felt afraid and quickly retreated.

Lin Yutang followed closely in hot pursuit.

Meng Wuyou had sustained a series of serious injuries and was almost as good as dead. He could no longer continue battling and he frantically tried to flee and retreat.

Ye Qingyu frowned slightly when he noticed this scene but he did not break his silence.

Suddenly, a flash of green thunder and lightning appeared from the void and charged as quick as lightning toward Lin Yutang.

"What?" Lin Yutang was shocked and hastily tried to retreat, but it was too late. This green lightning was extremely peculiar and had honed in on him the moment it appeared. The force and laws it contained were so powerful that chills ran down his spine.

This is the end!

Ln Yutang immediately shut his eyes and readied himself to face death.

However, a wisp of faint white light suddenly appeared and shrouded his figure. Miraculously, this white light managed to tug him away from the green lightning attack.

"Huh?" a clear feminine voice exclaimed in surprise. Then, a beautiful woman who wore a long blood-red dress emerged from the void with surprise clearly written on her exquisitely beautiful face. "Has the successor of White Jade Capital also joined forces with the Human Race headquarters?"

This gorgeous woman in a red dress was none other than the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy], Jiang Xiaohan.

She was the one who had attempted to kill Lin Yutang.

Another equally beautiful woman emerged from the void across from her. This woman was dressed in a white dress and looked like a fairy from the Moon Palace. Aloof and cold, she looked completely detached from worldly affairs. She was the extremely mysterious successor of White Jade Capital.

She was the one who had rescued Lin Yutang by a hair's breadth.

One woman had attacked, while the other had saved—they were as powerful as fire and water.

"We are destined to battle each other." The successor of White Jade Capital made one of her rare statements. Her voice was clear and melodious and sounded like the tinkling of cold jade pearls against each other. It was extremely pleasing to the ear and it was also so cold that one could get chills listening to it.

Jiang Xiaohan laughed loudly and her aura blazed around her like a scorching fire as she said, "Very well. We're destined to battle not only because of the ancient grudge between our masters, but also because… I know who you are."

These two women, who were widely regarded to be the most mysterious beauties of their time, faced each other in the void and attacked in unison as their duel began.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1083:


Chapter 1098 - Our Deeds Will Fill an Honored Slate


"What's going on? Have the successor of White Jade Capital and the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] been swept into this battle as well?"

The crowd was extremely astonished by the latest development.

These two women were the most beautiful and strong women of their time who had suddenly risen powerfully in the past decade and were legends in their own right throughout the Vast Thousand Domains. There were rumors that the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] was somehow connected to the Four Stars Sect, but no one had heard anything about the successor of White Jade Capital forming an alliance with the Human Race headquarters.

These two gorgeous women were as beautiful as fairies, but the energy waves created from their attacks were extremely powerful, comparable to the fierce ongoing battle between Spokesperson Li and the sect master of Four Stars Sect. The remnants of their energy waves radiated outwards and slashed the surrounding clouds into pieces.

"How could they be so powerful?"

"They are already as powerful as some sect masters."

"They are geniuses who emerged from their generation."

Various sighs and exclamations could be heard from the crowd and several elderly heroes felt as though the young generation had risen to take their place. This was no longer their era.

Many others focused on Ye Qingyu who continued to stand in front of the divine temple.

Madman Ye had yet to make his move.

Who from the Four Stars Sect's camp would be able to stop him?

Probably only the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect himself would be able to achieve this feat.

However, there was also an extremely mysterious elderly Quasi-emperor from the Human Race who was keeping a close eye on the battlefield.

The higher-ups of the various major forces and sects already had a vague inkling of the extent of Ye Qingyu's power and knew that no one but a Quasi-emperor would be able to defeat him. Once Madman Ye made his move, everyone knew that it would be extremely remarkable and earth-shattering.

The tide was tilting heavily against the Four Stars Sect for now unless those formations that the sect had been reinforcing for thousands of years could work their magic and turn the tide around.

After Lin Yutang was rescued, he clenched his jaw and turned into a ray of flowing light. He did not retreat but charged forward as swiftly as lightning to block Meng Wuyou just before he reached the Four Stars Sect's camp. Then, his sword light shone with divine splendor as he unleashed his most powerful move to kill Meng Wuyou and destroyed both his body and spirit.

"Ah…" Meng Wuyou shrieked before he was turned into dust.

Lin Yutang laughed with satisfaction after he successfully killed his opponent and said, "Lord Ye Qingyu, I have completed my mission."

"Damn it!"

"How arrogant of him."

"Kill him."

The elders of Four Stars Sect were livid.

Meng Wuyou had almost made it back to their camp before he was killed right in front of them. This was a hard slap on their faces and instantly, countless upper echelons of the Sect attacked in unison and dozens of terrifying energy waves rushed toward Lin Yutang.

In the distance, Ye Qingyu lifted his hand and made a grab at the direction where Lin Yutang was at.

An invisible force suddenly descended and protected Lin Yutang. Then, this force pulled him backward in an attempt to rescue him…

However, another voice rang out, "You won't be able to save him."

Black mist spread outward from a ripple in the air and hacked downward at the void. After Ye Qingyu's force field was broken apart, this black mist swarmed toward Lin Yutang and carried with it an extremely evil aura.

This power could only belong to a Quasi-emperor.

Silence fell upon the battlefield the moment this force appeared.

The Emperor-level power carried a primordial invincible authority with it, so all martial artists would instinctively tremble in fear when confronted with such energy and could not help but be gripped by terror.

"My god, a Quasi-emperor has finally appeared."

"Is that the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect?"

"I don't think so. This aura doesn’t seem to belong to the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect."

The crowd reacted with a mixture of shock and awe and hastily retreated at the first instance for fear that the Quasi-emperor's energy waves would spill over to them. A battle of the highest order was about to begin and since the will of an Emperor could easily conquer lands, this negated the Four Stars Sect's advantage of having strength in numbers.

That black mist was like an earth-shattering demon qi and in contrast, Lin Yutang looked like a stalk of grass enveloped by a sea of fire who was about to be burnt to ashes.

"Senior, please make your move," Ye Qingyu said.

"Very well," an ancient and authoritative voice boomed.

The elderly Quasi-emperor then made his move.

An elderly man with white hair and beard appeared by Lin Yutang's side. His face shone with a red glow, his skin was as soft as a baby's and his vitality surged abundantly like the sea as he used his bare hands to tear the black mist apart as easily as tearing paper. Then, he gave a gentle push of his hand, and the power of laws circulated, sending Lin Yutang back to Ye Qingyu's side.

"Old man, you're almost at the end of your life and you've already got one foot in the grave. Why couldn't you retire quietly to some garden to live out the rest of your days? Did you really have to send your frail body out to battle only to be buried here in this battlefield? Cackle cackle cackle…" a sinister peal of laughter that sounded as dark as a night owl rang out.

The black and evil mist circulated madly and it was as though the entire Four Stars Domain had suddenly been plunged into darkness and sunlight couldn't pass through. It was completely dark everywhere and it was like the era of darkness had begun.

"I have the responsibility of killing evil demons and getting rid of darkness," the elderly Quasi-emperor's voice moved like a blazing sun across the sky to transform into individual silver words that floated in the void. These words were as bright as suns and instantly vanquished the darkness, and light returned to the domain.

This was the power of a Quasi-emperor – the ability to change the world at their will and send light to the world with their words.

This had already far surpassed the ordinary martial way and was comparable to the abilities of fiendgods.

All the other ongoing battles were nothing in the face of such extreme power.

"You're dismissed," the sinister voice rang out once more.

After he spoke, his abundant power descended upon the battlefield to forcefully halt all the ongoing battles. All those who were engaged in battle flying from the force of his power and silence immediately fell in the void.

This was the true battle to the death between Quasi-emperors.

Spokesperson Li, the sect master of Four Stars Sect, the four main leaders of the White-robed Divine Guards and the Seven Sons all hastily retreated because the outcome of this punitive expedition ultimately hinged on the result of this battle.

The chubby Li Shengyan was the only person who refused to stay back after he was sent flying and charged toward the Four Stars Holy Girl, his eyes blazing. He was like a feral dog that had broken away from its leash and he was wholly focused on a singular mission - to avenge his ancestor…

Ye Qingyu shook his head and made a grab at the air to drag Li Shengyan back.

The battle of Quasi-emperors had already begun in the void.

The elderly Quasi-emperor shone with boundless silver splendor and he looked like an Immortal king while that ball of black evil mist continued to change and transform. It did not have a standard shape nor state and transformed into the phantom figures of various fiendgods that sent out a string of continuous attacks…

Boom! Boom Boom!

The sounds of the Great Dao thundered.

The power of laws could be felt everywhere.

This was the true battle of Quasi-emperors.

The Four Stars Sect's camp quickly retreated to prevent themselves from being caught up in the crossfire.

Those who were watching the battle retreated even further backwards.

"Wait a minute, that isn't that Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect," someone exclaimed in the crowd.

By this time, it was clear that the mysterious Quasi-emperor who had engaged the elderly Quasi-emperor was definitely not the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect, but instead someone else who had never made an appearance before. The evil force he exuded was completely different from the martial arts techniques employed by the Four Stars Sect. This was definitely another dark Quasi-emperor.

"I can't believe that the Four Stars Sect has produced a second Quasi-emperor."

"Where did this dark Quasi-emperor come from? Could he be from the Dark Realm?"

"No wonder…I finally figured out why the Human Race headquarters has gone all out to launch a punitive expedition against the Four Stars Sect. It was truly wise for Ren Puyang to come up with this plan but unfortunately, it is a little too late to execute this plan after his death."

"You're right. From the looks of it, the Four Stars Sect has already thrown their support behind the dark camp."

"This would mean that the Four Stars Sect is the enemy of the entire Vast Thousand Domains."

The various prominent experts and figures who had gathered to watch the spectacle quickly understood the implications behind the emergence of this dark Quasi-emperor and their impressions of Ye Qingyu and the Four Stars Sect immediately changed.

There might have been some amongst the crowd who sympathized with the Four Stars Sect and thought that the [Ice Sword Killing God] Ye Qingyu had been too harsh on them after rising to power but now, the leaders of the various sects and forces could tell that Ye Qingyu was merely getting rid of the evil lurking in the Human Race.

However, things were not looking good for the Human Race headquarters and Madman Ye.

This mysterious dark Quasi-emperor had already engaged the elderly Quasi-emperor in battle. In other words, they had already called upon their strongest human and their most powerful trump card, but there was still another Quasi-emperor within the Four Stars Sect who still remained hidden in the shadows.

"Ha ha ha, old man, for all your calculations, you must have never imagined that you'll be facing off against me today, right? Cackle cackle cackle…" the dark Quasi-emperor laughed maniacally. His laughter rumbled like thunder waves that when combined with the attacks of the ever-changing black mist, were like a hundred ghosts walking the night. It was extremely hair-raising and menacing.

The elderly Quasi-emperor’s face was grave and he remained silent.

Boundless silver light shone around him and he looked like a blazing hot sun. Despite his simple moves, every punch and palm he sent out contained enough power to tear the heavens apart.

"Old man, why are you still trying to struggle? Since you have miscalculated, you should accept your death stoically. You've lost and this has been an overwhelming failure for your camp," the dark Quasi-emperor's voice was very piercing and had the power to interfere with and destroy the spirits of living creatures.

"You're burning your own life force. Cackle cackle cackle, I can feel your despair… This isn't going to help matters at all. You had only three years to live but after this battle, you won't be able to live for more than ten days."

"I pity your bag of old bones, since you're about to be dismembered. Cackle cackle cackle, I've yet to refine a puppet with the body of a Quasi-emperor, so after I'm done with you, I'd be able to fulfill my wish."

"The Human Race that you've worked so hard to protect, the Human Race headquarters and everyone who is present today at the Four Stars Sect shall die today. This is a great opportunity to get rid of our enemies in one fell swoop."

"Cackle cackle, I heard that both you and Ren Puyang have expressed your admiration for Ye Qingyu. What a pity that he is already destined to be the raw material for my next dark puppet. Ha ha ha ha!"

The dark Quasi-emperor's laughter echoed in the void.

Everyone's expression changed.

The victor had already emerged.

The [Ice Sword Killing God] might have entered the battlefield fully prepared, but he had not factored in the fact that there could be a second Quasi-emperor in the Four Stars Sect. This dark Quasi-emperor had the power to destroy the heavens and the earth, so this one misstep had cost them the entire battle.

Spokesperson Li and the others at the divine temple all looked extremely grave.

They could only hope that the elderly Quasi-emperor would be able to defeat both Quasi-emperors single-handedly and kill the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor lurking in the shadows after he defeated the dark Quasi-emperor, but this possibility was slim to none.

"Grandfather…" Lu Wei was extremely worried for his grandfather and his eyes were rimmed red with tears.

"Let's throw everything we have behind this battle. What's wrong with dying honorably for the future of the Human Race?" Tang Chong bellowed, his eyes widening with rage. "Even if we forsake our lives for the greater good, our deeds will fill an honored slate!"

On the opposite end—

"He he, Brother Ye Qingyu, I guess you've miscalculated this time," the Four Stars Holy Girl laughed as she turned to look at Ye Qingyu, her eyes were filled with contempt and ridicule under her veil. After being beaten by him on numerous occasions, she felt as though she could finally lift her head high again.

She couldn't wait to see his defeated and despairing expression.

She had no doubt that she would love it.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1084:


Chapter 1099 - I'll Send You on Your Way to Hell

A smile appeared on the sect master's face.

"Ha ha ha, this is the Four Stars Sect. We are a great sect with more than ten thousand years of history behind us, so we have huge amounts of resources and assets at our disposal. We will not be brought down even by the greatest of controversies," he said with a smile and looked condescendingly at Spokesperson Li as though the winner had already been decided. "I'm afraid that you'll be disappointed by the outcome of this battle. Don't worry, I swear that your only daughter won't suffer after your death. Instead, I'll make sure that she'll live well," he specifically placed an emphasis on the words 'live well', as though there was a sly innuendo in his word. He tried to use this to dent Spokesperson Li's confidence.

The sect master knew that Spokesperson Li had gone into seclusion because he had been traumatized after the death of his beloved wife and went off the grid with his only daughter. Today, his daughter was his only weakness and now that the Four Stars Sect had an absolute advantage, the sect master started to formulate alternative plans. He wanted to force Spokesperson Li to turn against the Human Race headquarters and join forces with him to attack Ye Qingyu. This would be a huge blow to Ye Qingyu both mentally and physically.

To his surprise, Spokesperson Li merely smiled and his eyes were bright and clear as though he had weathered through all the vicissitudes of life. "Our life and death have already been preordained and the heavens will decide who will emerge victorious today. As the sect master of Four Stars Sect, I'm shocked that you would sink to such methods to threaten me. It is definitely no coincidence that the Four Stars Sect has fallen to such depths today. Don't you feel ashamed listening to yourself?"

Embarrassment flashed past the sect master's face. Then, he quickly shook his head and smiled, "The end justifies our means. What is the point in having so much to say when you're already destined to die today?"

Then, his gaze fell on Ye Qingyu and he smirked, "Kid, you have interfered in our affairs far too many times and you deserve death. Our Quasi-emperor has yet to make his appearance but you've already shown all your cards, so you're destined to lose today. If you surrender to the Four Stars Sect and agree to submit to our command, we might spare you."

Ye Qingyu didn't even look at him.

His gaze never left the elderly Quasi-emperor.

He completely ignored the sect master's words.

"You… ha ha. Very well," The sect master was enraged by his haughty demeanor that bordered on being an insult. His eyes flashed menacingly and due to the martial arts techniques he cultivated, his aura turned violent and sinister.

The Four Stars Holy Girl laughed and glanced at Ye Qingyu as she said, "Don't tell me that you're placing all your hopes on this old man. He can't even save himself now… Brother Ye Qingyu, a wise man would submit to his circumstances, so why must you…"

Before she could finish her sentence—

Ye Qingyu finally looked at the Four Stars Sect's camp.

"None of you have the right to speak to me," he said, enunciating each word clearly.

His demeanour was calm and composed and did not look like he was deliberately trying to be arrogant. Instead, he spoke as though he was naturally looking down on them all and disdain dripped from his voice.

"You…"

"How arrogant of you!"

The sect master and the Four Stars Holy Girl both sputtered with rage.

"He must be courting death."

"That bastard, he's just a lowly peasant from a lower domain."

"Ha ha, I bet he must be extremely frightened right now… and is deliberately putting on an act."

"Our Quasi-emperor should make an appearance now and capture him alive. Then, we should make him experience hell by putting him through all one thousand and one methods of torture at our sect."

The disciples of the Four Stars Sect in their camp were enraged and yelled loudly.

The sect master shook his head and looked at Ye Qingyu as though he was looking at a dead man. He did not attempt to make any further small talk, but turned to face the crowd and said loudly, "Everyone, as you can tell, it is clear who will emerge victorious today. Since you’ve come to watch the spectacle, why don't you show yourselves and tell us which side you will take? Will you stand with us or will you support this madman Ye Qingyu…"

He was forcing the experts from the various forces to make their stand.

"Ha ha ha, if you make the wrong choice today, don't blame us for being ruthless after we're done killing Ye Qingyu and his allies," Kong Wuyu who was one of the Seven Sons chimed in loudly. "Join us and you shall prosper, defy us and you shall die."

Roar! Roar! Roar!

The thousands of elite disciples of the Four Stars Sect roared in unison as they drew their swords.

Their show of strength was very menacing.

It was extremely difficult for the experts of the various forces to try and back out of this situation.

There were many who even regretted their decision to come to watch the spectacle today.

Several experts reluctantly bowed their heads and inched toward the Four Stars Sect’s camp.

Ye Qingyu's side was completely deserted and not a single force nor expert dared to approach them. Everyone kept a safe distance away from them as though they were carriers of a contagious plague. No one wanted to be associated with him.

"Ha ha ha ha ha…" The sect master threw his head back and laughed loudly at this scene.

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

He slowly walked out of the divine temple and stood high in the air.

"Show yourself, the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect. I know that you're here and I challenge you to a battle today. Let's put an end to our grudges," Ye Qingyu spoke and his words seemed to carry a mysterious power of laws that pervaded the air, causing ripples to spread throughout the void.

Yet, there was no response.

The Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect did not appear.

"Ah ha ha ha, our sect's Quasi-emperor is such a venerable person that he will not let himself be challenged by someone as cocky as yourself…" The sect master chuckled loudly and looked at Ye Qingyu with derision.

Many disciples of the Four Stars Sect also laughed incredulously.

Countless pairs of eyes look at him with pity, contempt, derision, disdain, sympathy and various other emotions.

Ye Qingyu remained unruffled and opened his mouth to speak once more, "Ha ha, as a Quasi-emperor you betrayed your own kind, then you fled like a defeated dog after you were defeated by [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] at the space battle of Capital Sky Peak. Do you lack the courage to even appear before me today?"

Before his voice had died down—

"How dare you speak so impudently?"

An authoritative voice boomed.

Then, it was immediately followed by a terrifyingly oppressive power and a huge divine palm tore through the void and slammed down toward Ye Qingyu as though it was smacking a fly. Almost half the void was shattered by the force of this palm.

That was the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect.

He was provoked and attacked in his anger.

Ye Qingyu's words had pricked at the greatest insult and embarrassment of his life.

"Ha ha ha ha!" Ye Qingyu laughed loudly. His figure was shrouded by the massive force of the huge palm and he looked like a stalk of grass in the eye of the storm and could be crushed dead at any moment but then, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] suddenly made its appearance and immediately transformed into a huge cauldron that was several thousand meters high. Matchless bright yellow Immortal qi circulated around it and formed a protective cover around him.

Boom!

There was a huge clash of Dao sound and the power of laws sparked everywhere.

The huge cauldron shook violently but remained erect and unshakable.

Ye Qingyu was perfectly unharmed.

"What's wrong? Has your embarrassment turned into anger because my words hit a sore spot?" he asked as he stood in the void, his black hair dancing in the wind. He was like a fiendgod and he exuded such a righteous aura that one could not stare at him in the face and carried himself with such elegance that was impossible to put into words. Then, he continued, "You did all these things despite knowing how shameful it was, so why are you afraid of others mentioning this incident?"

"If you want to court death this much, I'll grant your wish."

A figure appeared in the void. This was a middle-aged man with average features who was dressed in ordinary brown robes, but despite his ordinary appearance, he carried himself with the authority of a king as he emerged from the void – this was the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect.

The moment he appeared, it was as though the entire universe breathed in unison with him and he captured everyone's attention.

A series of cheers rose from the Four Stars Sect's camp.

Countless disciples of the Four Stars Sect looked at him with fervent reverence.

Quasi-emperors were considered invincible in the absence of a true Martial Emperor, so this middle-aged man in brown robes was revered by the Four Stars Sect as a god.

The Four Stars Holy Girl and the sect master both looked at him with respect as well.

Ye Qingyu was the only one who looked at this man as though he was looking at a wicked criminal. Their eyes met, then he smirked, "Unfortunately, I don't think you'll be able to kill me."

"Do you really think that this cauldron would be able to protect you?" the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect said and his eyes hardened coldly. "It is merely a divine weapon being wielded by an ant and this is like casting pearls before swine – you will not be able to bring out its fullest potential."

"Oh, really?" Ye Qingyu retorted. "I wonder if you've recovered from the injuries you sustained during the previous battle and how much strength do you have left in you to battle it out today?"

He especially detested this Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect.

In fact, his loathing of this Quasi-emperor was even more intense than his loathing of Quasi-emperor Mushan, Wei Wubing, the ancient Dragon Emperor, and the others.

As a Quasi-emperor of the Human Race, he was strong enough to stem the powers of darkness to become the hero of mankind and could defend his race from the attacks of darkness, yet he had turned his back on everything that was important for his own selfish gains. Why did the heavens allow such a man to even become a Quasi-emperor in the first place?

Those who were blessed with talent and strength but chose to head down the evil path were more detestable than the ordinary people who committed evil crimes.

"Injuries? Do you think that an ant like yourself will be able to understand the might of a Quasi-emperor?" The Quasi-emperor asked and he clearly found Ye Qingyu equally detestable. He said in annoyance, "Let's cut the crap. I'll send you to your death right now."

Then, he raised his hand and punched out in Ye Qingyu's direction.

All martial arts moves and mysterious techniques were useless to a Quasi-emperor and everything would revert to its original simplicity. Any simple move or technique that a Quasi-emperor made contained a power that surpassed all divine skills and mysterious techniques. The moment he sent this punch out, the void immediately twisted.

This was a Quasi-emperor who had thrown all his might behind that attack.

He punched out with an earth-shattering power.

Everyone present at the battlefield could feel the terrifying force from the remnant energy waves circulating all around them and hastily retreated. These waves were so strong that they felt as though they were on the brink of death, so they could imagine what kind of unbelievable pressure Ye Qingyu was facing as he bore the brunt of that attack.

The Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect showed his clear intent to kill through this move.

"This was what I was about to say too," Ye Qingyu's eyes shone brightly with divine splendor and he exerted all his techniques to their limits and instantly attained the [Ninth Limit] which was also the most powerful level of the [Limitless Divine Way].

He had only spoken so much earlier because he was adjusting his condition to reach this level of the [Limitless Divine Way].

"Die!" Ye Qingyu roared.

He used both hands to produce a simple handprint, then he opened his mouth to spit out a Geng Metal Pill. This pill reacted to the handprint and immediately split open. Then, a pair of dazzling flying swords that were forged in the shape of wings charged forward, instantly ripping the skies apart as easily as cutting through butter. It promptly slashed apart the Quasi-emperor's power of laws from his fist will with a hissing sound.

Before the Four Stars Quasi-emperor could react, the pair of flying swords ripped apart the protective force field around him and circled around his neck.

Then, his head fell from his body like a ripe fruit falling from a tree.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

