Chapter 673:


Chapter 691, Insulting people



Looking at the glittering gold crown of light in the distance, the apprehension of coming to the ruins domain and the worries and fear about the future of Heaven Wasteland Domain first were immediately dispelled by the brilliance of the giant city before them.

The golden light flashing from the crowned giant tower in the distance, like the blessing of the Storm Martial Emperor, made everyone in the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps have a surge of confidence and courage.

Ye Qingyu was also infected by the enthusiastic atmosphere.

He had heard about the many deeds of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, and had been to the suspected Formation Emperor Luo Su's palace, as well as the Underground Moonlight Immortal Palace. There, he acquired a part of the Thunder and Lightning Emperor Qin Ming's inheritance, but in the face of another creation of a martial emperor, it was still difficult to contain his surging excitement.

……

After about one hour.

The crowd finally arrived at Sunrise City.

Facing this huge city at such close range, it increasingly made people feel small and insignificant. The moat-like golden city wall that was thousands of meters high made people under the walls seem like ants walking in the foothills.

The main entrance of Sunrise City was unusually different, taking on the shape of a dragon headed Suanni [TN Note: hybrid of lion and dragon].

The mythical Suanni head extended out from the golden wall, as though it really was going to swallow up heaven and earth. That wide opened mouth was a long passage into the city. The dragon teeth were dark, and the entire dragon head gate was built from unknown materials, similar to gold, wood, and stone, and was suffused with a divine power that maked one shudder all over.

But the moment the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps came to the entrance, the mythical dragon head gate suddenly, like it was alive, slowly began to move.

“Woof?”

Upon seeing this scene, silly dog Little Nine suddenly screamed out, seemingly extremely shocked, and finally loosened his bite on the wrist of the chubby old man Yan Wushuang.

The old man heaved a sigh of relief, rubbing the deep dog teeth marks on his wrist and kept a distance from silly dog Little Nine.

Boom!

Under the gaze of the crowd, the huge Suanni dragon mouth slowly closed with a loud bang.

“What's going on?”

“The door closed?”

“Its not letting us go in?”

The crowd was extremely surprised.

Ye Qingyu turned to the chubby old man, a puzzled look in his eyes.

The chubby old man grinned, “Everyone, everyone, do not panic. Hehe, it's just that there is a rule in Sunrise City... Well, the dragon head gate is based on the battle pet of His Highness Storm Martial Emperor, the [Mythical Suanni]. It is rumoured to have supreme power, and possesses spiritual intelligence. To enter Sunrise City, one must obtain the recognition of the dragon head.”

Excitement welled up within everybody when they heard these words.

“How can we get recognition?” Yu Xiaoxing asked.

The chubby old man smiled, rubbing away his sweat, “This I do not know, each person has their own method, and everyone has a different way of entering Sunrise City. It depends on yourself.”

The crowd was speechless after hearing this.

“I'll give it a try.” Noodle maniac Wen Wan was eager to give it a go.

He leaped to the huge dragon head gate, and with a loud roar, yuan energy began to surge around him. His body enlarged several times, grabbing hold onto the two interlaced Suanni dragon teeth, hoping to rely on the huge force to directly break the dragon head gate.

But the next moment——

Boom!

A wave of divine power burst forth.

Wen Wan was directly propelled away. He slammed to the ground face first, and swallowed a mouthful of sand.

“Haha, woof. Haha, Wen noodles... so funny, Woof.” Silly dog Little Nine frantically pounded his feet on the ground, his left foreleg pointed at Wen Wan, bursting into heartless laughter.

Wen Wan spurted out sand and fumed, “Stupid dog, what are you laughing at, go open the gate if you're so good.”

The dog shot a disdainful glance at Wen Wan, and launched a merciless taunt, “Woof has told you before to not eat so much noodles, now your strength has deteriorated, Woof hahaha... Watch me.”

With that, the silly dog really leapt on top of the dragon head gate.

However, very quickly a strange look of puzzlement emerged on his face.

He tilted his nose closer to the head of the dragon and took a deep sniff, seemingly looking for something, “Woof, it’s a little strange, I smell a familiar taste, it seems.... I have made a mark here before?”

Made a mark?

Ye Qingyu was surprised for a moment when he heard this, before he understood what he meant.

But before he could say anything, that thing had already lifted one of his legs and peed merrily.

“Woof haha, doesn’t matter, just make another mark.” With a patter of water, silly dog Little Nine, under everyone's gaze, urinated over the head of Sunrise City’s Suanni dragon head gate.

In the air, suddenly there was a burst of air-sucking sound.

If the white bastard dog were not Ye Qingyu's pet, the people of Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps would have rushed over to chop him to pieces and barbecue his meat.

That was the Sunrise City constructed by the Storm Martial Emperor, and that dragon head gate contains the spirit of the Storm Martial Emperor battle pet Suanni. Urinating on it was simply insulting the entire Human Race.

“This... this is really... interesting.” The fat old man Yan Wushuang was speechless at the scene.

The thin old man Shuang Wuyan tried hard to restrain his expression, but he was unable to hide the twitching of the corners of his mouth.

The two did not quite understand why the divine power within the Suanni dragon head gate did not emerge to directly hack the lowly dog to death.

Very soon, what made them even more shocked had happened.

Rumble!

In the midst of a heavy thud, the head of the Suanni dragon slowly widened its giant mouth, and the gate of Sunrise City opened.

“This...”

Everyone looked at the wide opened city gate in disbelief.

Silly dog was equally astonished. He glanced at the faces of the crowd, then at the opened gate, and then carefully looked between his legs in a difficult posture. It was clear that the opening of the gate in such a way was completely unexpected even for him.

“This... this...” the fat old man uttered incoherently.

He could be said to be experienced and knowledgeable in the Chaos Ruins Domain, but had never seen the Suanni dragon gate in Sunrise City being opened in this way. For a moment he could only stare dumbfoundedly, and finally helplessly said, “Ahem, ahem, well, you are really... the door has opened, you can go in, this is just a routine test, it is not an official assessment of the 19 cities of chaos...“

Before his voice faded.

A thunderous roar came from within the city.

Then the earth seemed to be quaking.

A gust of wind and thunder rose from Sunrise City, rapidly darting toward the gate of the city, and a violet mist-like ferocious qi penetrated through the Suanni dragon head gate after a few moments.

At this time, everybody could see clearly that it was not a gust of wind and thunder, but the cavalry of the Violet Gold divine guard.

This team of cavalrymen was made up of young people, possessing astounding strength, and besides their face, they were completely shrouded in violet gold armour from head to toe, like a number of violet and golden gods of war.

They each sat astride a four- or five-meter-tall blazing battle beast, which was the shape of a lion, and similarly clad in violet gold armour. The flames at the neck were flickering, flame qi were threateningly enveloping all over their body, and the soles of their feet were blazing with divine fire, emitting a scorching heat into the void.

It was only a team of guards, no more than one hundred, but the imposing manner was amazing, resembling that of an army of thousands.

Once out of the city gate, the cavalrymen came to a sudden stop.

The leader of the several young cavalrymen, standing on the back of the battle beast, condescendingly studied Ye Qingyu and the other members of the diplomatic corps.

The atmosphere was a bit strange.

“It’s Suanni, the mythical beast Suanni?” the usually calm Qu Hanshan also could not help crying out in surprise upon the sight of the battle beast of the cavalrymen.

Because he found that the battle beasts, although clothed in violet gold armour, were identical in shape and appearance to the legendary mythical beast Suanni.

Heavens!

It was rumoured that the divine Dragon God gave birth to nine sons, and Suanni was its fifth son, a rare divine beast, with the power that rivals the Fiendgods. Even the quasi-emperor had not been able to ride astride such a mythological beast.

Who were these cavalrymen that could control Suanni?

On the other side, the fat old man Yan Wushuang shook his head, “Not Suanni, but a subspecies of Suanni, it is not as outrageous as you imagine... But, what's going on, even the Violet Gold divine guards of Sunrise City are dispatched?”

Violet Gold divine guards?

Ye Qingyu was a little surprised. From the expression of the fat old man, it seemed that these young cavalrymen definitely did not have a low status in Sunrise City.

At this point, opposite——

“Who opened the city gate?” The leader of the young cavalrymen was handsome, had sword-like brows and bright eyes, but his expression was extremely arrogant. Standing on the back of the subspecies of Suanni, he condescendingly looked down at the crowd, and asked in a cold and interrogating tone of voice.

Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing exchanged a glance.

Luo Yi hurriedly stepped forward, bowed, and explained with a smile across his face, “We are the assessment corps of Heaven Wasteland Domain. It is our first time in Sunrise City. We just opened the gate to pass the city, this is my Empress of Heaven Wasteland Domain and the Light Palace...”

Before he finished his sentence, the young leader interrupted him impatiently, “Stop, stop, stop, I don’t care whether you are the empress or not, don’t talk so much crap. Whoever comes to Sunrise City will have to listen to the rules of the Violet Gold divine residence. First, correct your identity... Haha, Empress? She is nothing more than a woman from a lower domain.”

Luo Yi was shocked.

He had thought that since they were both of the Human Race, and that these people seemed to be the law enforcers of Sunrise City, they would be partial to Heaven Wasteland Domain, but... unexpectedly the other side was so rude, overbearing, and arrogant. They did not care about the rights and wrongs of a matter, and inexplicably looked down on them. Moreover, his tone and his expression were as though he was scolding a beggar.

“Nonsense, how dare you speak to Her Majesty like that.” Someone of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps regarded the Wu Zhao Empress Yu Xiaoxing as God, hearing the arrogant remarks from the young leader, immediately could not help but rebuke.

Opposite.

“You want to die.” The young leader of the Violet Gold guards glowered at the person who spoke, “Lower domain bastard, you have a death wish.”

As he was speaking, the subspecies Suanni beast suddenly opened its mouth, spewing out a gush of divine fire towards the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 674:


Chapter 692, Take sides



It did not occur to anyone that the young leader of the cavalry would really attack.

Ye Qingyu instantly sensed the terrifying power of the Suanni subspecies. The divine fire that it spewed out contained the power of annihilation. Even a Heaven Ascension expert would most likely be unable to withstand this flame. It was clear that this was not just a warning from the young leader, but his killing intent had been ignited from the beginning.

On the other side.

Old man Yan Wushuang and skinny old man Shuang Wuyan also did not have the slightest intention to interfere when they saw this scene.

Ye Qingyu's eyes grew cold.

A wisp of invisible ice intent began to move.

The ball of divine fire a meter away from Ye Qingyu came into contact with the force of the ice. As though it had struck something, after a while, it was annihilated, disappearing without a trace.

“En?”

The young leader had an abrupt change of expression, staring fixedly at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu did not look at him at all. He instead turned his head to face the two envoy elders standing to one side.

The skinny old man Shuang Wuyan was expressionless.

The fat old man Yan Wushuang dabbed at the beads of sweat across his face, grinning, “Don't look at us. This kind of matter, you need to deal with yourself. Although our responsibility is to protect you, in fact, we just need to ensure that your group of people is alive. One or two deaths is nothing... Of course, the main thing is that we simply cannot anger the people of the Violet Gold divine residence.”

The expressions of Wen Wan, Ximen Yeshu, and the others immediately darkened when they heard this.

It was only at this time that they really realized that these two so-called envoy elders were, in fact, two weirdos, and also not very reliable.

Ye Qingyu didn't say anything.

He found it a little strange.

These Violet Gold guards had arrived so abruptly, and appeared to show such a strong hostility, as though they came specifically for the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. The problem was that it was their first time in the ruins domain, and they had never been to Sunrise City before; they should not have angered anyone.

Opposite.

“How dare you stop me?”

High on the back of the Suanni, the young leader, clad in battle armour, was fierce and arrogant. His slender eyes were narrowed, a frightening blade-like light swimming inside. He was like a python staring at his prey, emitting a dangerous aura all over.

“Our people, though he stood up to you, but you were at fault first. He did not deserve to die, but you tried to kill him. Is that not a little too far?” Ye Qingyu was neither overbearing nor servile.

The Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps came to the Chaos Ruins Domain to strive for the independence of Heaven Wasteland Domain, and of course, to becoming enemies. This was certainly true, but if someone was deliberately aggressive and making things difficult, there was no need to endure humiliation. After all, blind forbearance would never win real respect for Heaven Wasteland Domain.

“At fault first?” The young leader snorted. “You dare to reason with me? Who are you?”

Hahaha!

Behind him, all the Violet Gold armoured cavalry as though they had heard something ridiculous, were roaring with laughter. It was filled with mockery and contempt.

And in the midst of this laughter, there was a hint of ridicule flashing in the young leader’s eyes.

He gently stepped on the Suanni with his toes.

“Roar——!”

The Suanni subspecies roared, soared into the air, and charged down toward Ye Qingyu’s face.

The tremendous beast carried flames that set the air ablaze. It aimed not only to kill, but to kill by stepping on their faces.

Ye Qingyu's eyes finally flashed in anger.

Before the others could react, a white-robed figure flashed, and one of the feet of the Suanni beast subspecies was already firmly held in Ye Qingyu’s hand. With a gentle swing of his arm, the almost six-meter-tall beast, like a fluttering straw, was instantly flung up and tossed away like a sandbag.

The Suanni beast growled in horror and fear.

But under that tremendous power, it had no control over its own body.

“Roar!” Its mountain-like body was hurled dozens of meters away, slammed into the city wall of Sunrise City, making a whine. It produced a painful groan as it was pinned to the golden wall, before sliding slowly down and falling motionless in the corner.

It had lost consciousness.

The young leader was in an even more embarrassing situation.

Caught off guard, he was flung off the back of the Suanni beast, almost catapulted with the battle beast.

“Ah... how dare you! Lower domain bastard, you have a death wish!” With a bellow of rage, the young leader barely steadied himself in mid-air. A violet gold divine light surged like a raging wave, and a bone chilling power pervaded the air. He glared at Ye Qingyu, motioning with his hand, “Surround him, kill him!”

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The Violet Gold divine guards lifted their spear, sending a burst of cold light flashing in the air, and pointed the sharp tip of the spear at Ye Qingyu in unison.

The Suanni beast subspecies was similarly in a thundering rage, scarlet red flames and smoke flowing out the gaps of the armour. The earth quaked, the air trembled, and a terrifying imposing aura like a collapsing mountain came pressing towards Ye Qingyu and the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

The anger inside of Ye Qingyu was blazing fiercely at that moment.

The power of lightning and ice began to run around his body quietly.

He had already held back in his attack just now.

Otherwise, even if the young leader may not die, the Suanni beast subspecies would have been reduced to a pool of blood and flesh.

Who knew the other side was still so ungrateful.

Ye Qingyu's face was crossed with a biting cold expression.

Fine, might as well take advantage of this opportunity to give a surprise to the various forces of the Chaos Ruins Domain. Although Heaven Wasteland Domain was a lower domain, that did not mean it had to bow to anyone. In the world of martial arts, all dignity and recognition were gained from fighting.

As long as you don't kill people.

But just as Ye Qingyu was about to counterattack——

“Woof! Woof Woof Woof!”

A sharp and clear bark, which did not match the atmosphere, sounded all of a sudden.

Before the Violet Gold divine guards had reacted, there was a series of barks, each more reverberating than the previous, and each more drawn-out than the one before. At the seventh ‘woof’, that voice was like a roar of anger of the Dragon God of the Ninth Heaven. The resounding bellow made their head spin, their eyes blur, and their ears buzz.

The ordinary milky white dog next to Ye Qingyu moved a few steps forward, his body rapidly expanding.

Instantly, the dog grew to hundreds of meters tall. His white hair were like numerous strands of divine light, each flowing with a brilliance and full of a mysterious aura. And from that originally stupid dog head, a ruthless and murderous aura that seemed to have come from the ancient Asura battlefield erupted out from his huge mouth as he roared.

Facing the thunderous roar of the white beast that appeared all of a sudden, there seemed to be a howling wind engulfing over. The Violet Gold divine guards were all terror stricken.

The group of earthshaking Suanni beasts subspecies were all drawing back in fear.

The Violet Gold divine guards were unable to pull them back.

These Suanni beasts subspecies, as though they had encountered their natural enemy, wailed and retreated, shivering like dogs facing a giant dragon. The red flames all over their body had completely faded, and in the end, their forelegs were half kneeling on the ground, and no matter how the Violet Gold guards whipped them or commanded, they did not move the slightest!

“Woof woof, a group of ants dare to make a racket in front of Woof. Now you are behaving well.” The giant dog smugly lowed down at the Suanni beasts subspecies, and then a stream of saliva flowed out the corners of his mouth, mumbling to himself, “Looks very delicious. I wonder how it will taste!”

When the Suanni beasts subspecies heard such words with their sensitive ears, all of a sudden they began to wail tragically like they were begging for mercy.

The abrupt change of scene shocked everyone.

In mid air, the young leader was also shocked.

He looked at the white beast that suddenly appeared beneath them, infinitely bewildered.

Although the Suanni beasts subspecies was not a true Suanni beast, but the blood of its ancient ancestors flowed in its body. In the Chaos Ruins Domain, it was ranked in the top ten battle beasts. They had a ferocious and violent temperament, and had always been unafraid of death, extremely proud. But why would they be frightened to this extend by the roar of giant white dog?

This white giant dog... what sort of monster is it?

“Hey hey, alright, everybody calm down.” The envoy elder, who had been indifferently watching at one side finally smiled and tried to mediate the situation, “You are all humans, why fight against your own people? Take a step back, haha, we each step back, and treat it as nothing had happened.”

“Yes, if someone were killed, it will be time-consuming to bury them.” The thin old man also opened his mouth and said the longest sentence ever since he appeared.

Ye Qingyu looked puzzledly at the thin old man. On the basis of his speaking manner, how could he still be alive today?

The big headed silly dog did not looked too happy, growled, “Woof, fat old man, you two are being unfair. You are taking sides. Just now, as we were bullied by that group of bastards, why didn’t you open your mouth then? Now Woof has the upper hand, and was about to eat one or two of those Suanni beasts subspecies, so you jumped out and interfered.”

The chubby old man grinned, wiping the sweat on his forehead, and said with a deadpan expression, “You can’t say it like that, the Violet Gold divine guards have a high status in the city. If one or two of them were to die, then it will be a big mess. It is not a problem if one or two of the less important people of your corps were killed...”

Before he finished, the gaze that the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps looked the fat old man with was as if they were shooting thousands of arrows at him.

Old fish’s eyes lit up, “This fat man, haha, his shameless face is very much like me back then...”

Ye Qingyu also felt an impulse to violently beat up the fat old man.

Silly dog did not expect the fat thing to say such a thing. Speechless for a moment, he then said in a tone of disbelief, “You... fat old man, I can’t believe you would do such things so openly and unscrupulously, but act so righteous, Woof really is inferior to you.”

“Haha, thanks for the compliment.” The chubby old man grinned——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 675:


Chapter 693, Is he stupid



“This matter definitely will not be left at this.” The young leader was enraged.

Glowering at Ye Qingyu, he growled, “There had never been anyone who dares stand up to the people of my Violet Gold divine residence and still be able to speak... Lower domain people, you have committed an unforgivable crime.”

“Those who humiliate people deserves to be humiliated.” Ye Qingyu maintained calm, his imposing manner as great as a mountain or lake, not giving way to the opponent in the slightest.

“Yes, you are humiliating yourself.” Yu Xiaoxing stepped forward, standing shoulder to shoulder with Ye Qingyu. “It is the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps’ first time here and I do not want to cause trouble. But we will also never bow to the ones deliberately making things difficult for us.”

Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui exchanged a glance, grinning.

The two weirdos strode a few steps forward, standing behind Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing, fists clenched and their combative face exposed. Their eyes were blazing and their aura was flowing all over their body.

“Beat them to death, beat them to death, tear off their clothes...” The huge parrot on Ximen Yeshui's shoulder squeaked, flapping its wings and jumping excitedly, as though it was watching a show.

“Haha, exactly what Woof wants. Woof haha, come on, Woof is going to go on an eating spree... Oh, no, killing spree!” The giant dog drooled, eyes gleaming impatiently at the Suanni beasts subspecies who were paralyzed with fear.

Qu Hanshan, Luo Yi, and the other military people also stood close behind Yu Xiaoxing and Ye Qingyu.

A fiery condensation of power pervaded amongst the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

“You...” The young leader had an abrupt change of expression on his face.

He did not think that the lowly people of a lower domain would unexpectedly be so unyielding, and were unafraid of the reputation of the Violet Gold divine residence.

He was not an idiot, he knew what the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps was.

Although these lowly humans come from a lower domain, but they came to receive an assessment, which meant that they were invited by the Domain Alliance, and were watched by countless big domains. They were all part of the same Human REace. Killing one or two people casually may not be anything, but if he had really killed all the people of the diplomatic corps, then there may be trouble.

Moreover, although the youngster in white had not made a move, from him there was already faintly an aura that shocked him. He knew that he was not an opponent easy to deal with.

Amongst the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, there were obviously a few tough ones. Both sides would suffer if he were to forcibly strike back.

And the other side also had that transformed giant dog.

For a moment, the young leader did not know what to do.

The atmosphere was awkward.

The fat old man glanced at the Violet Gold divine guards, and smiled, “Okay, let’s leave things here, forget about everything. I know you have the intention to retreat, don’t worry about losing face. Hurry say a few fierce words, find the steps, and everything will be over. If you really feel that you can’t take the humiliation, then wait a few days till the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps are in Sunrise City, find a reason to arrest them, or secretly beat them all up or something, kill one or two of them. Once the hatred is settled, you will feel more comfortable...”

The fat man said such words in a cheerful attitude with a grin.

His twin brother Shuang Wuyan quietly moved away, keeping a distance with the fat man, as though saying he was not close with him at all.

What was up with the strange atmosphere in the air?

Whether it was the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps or the Violet Gold divine guards, all eyes were on the chubby old man, like they were looking at a monster, or an idiot.

With what he said how was he able to live to today?

It was a miracle that he was not yet killed given how he speaks.

Who would mediate in such a way in a quarrel like this?

Ye Qingyu also did not know whether to cry or laugh.

But after hearing this, there was a hint of surprise in his eyes as he looked at the fat old man. Because Ye Qingyu suspected that although the old man seemed to be taking the side of Violet Gold divine guards, in fact he was secretly reminding them to be careful of the Violet Gold divine guards after entering the city?

Was this old man a good person?

Opposite.

“Let's go.” The young leader was driven crazy.

He clenched his teeth gloomily, eyes slashed across Ye Qingyu and the others, and coldly said, “If I did not have important military actions to carry out today, I would teach you lower domain people a good lesson... I advise you villagers to be careful when you go into the city!”

With that, the Violet Gold divine guards turned away. They steered the Suanni beasts subspecies, back into Sunrise City.

At that point, something unexpected happened.

When the young leader reached the Suanni dragon gate, a drop of liquid plopped down, dripping into the palm of his hand.

“Huh? It's...”

The young leader was a little astonished.

This drop of light yellow liquid could unexpectedly penetrate his powerful yuan qi protection. It was somewhat bizarre.

He looked up at the head of the Suanni to find that between the dragon teeth, there was a trickle of saliva, which disappeared right away.

Could it be...

The young leader suddenly remembered that there was a legend about the Dragon head gate of Sunrise City.

It was said that there was once someone who received a drop of saliva of the Storm Martial Emperor’s battle pet Suanni as he passed the city gate. Following that his power greatly increased and he achieved enlightenment in one day.

And there was more than one person which this had occurred to.

This matter had been recorded in the historical records.

After all, Sunrise City was built by the Storm Martial Emperor. There were still many unsolved mysteries in the city. It was said that the Storm Martial Emperor had left part of his inheritance in the city for a fateful person. It was also said that before the mythological Suanni beast died he transformed into a city gate, went into a dormant state, and its saliva may unknowingly trickle down as he fell into deep sleep. The saliva contained the power of the mythological beast, and was a valuable treasure received only by fortunate people.

Could he really have been this lucky today?

With this in mind, his heart was burning up.

The more he thought about it, the more he felt that his speculation was correct.

Suddenly the young leader’s mood had improved a lot.

He even put the pale yellow liquid in his palm closer to his nose and took a deep sniff, and found that there was indeed a faint fluctuation of spiritual power. The more carefully he sensed it, the more he could appreciate the extra-ordinariness of it.

As a result, while the others had not noticed, he opened his mouth and swallowed the light yellow liquid. If the others saw this, the precious Suanni beast saliva may have been forcibly snatched away.

After a moment, the Violet Gold divine guards disappeared into the street in the depths of the city gate.

But the scene just now was clearly seen by the giant silly dog.

He dumbfoundedly watched the Violet Gold divine guards disappear into the distance, then looked at Ye Qingyu and the other people, rubbing his eyes in extreme shock.

Then the silly dog exclaimed in a tone of disbelief, “Woof? Is Woof going blind!? What did Woof see? Did you see that? Did you see that? That guy, he even drank Woof's pee, is he stupid?”

The pale yellow liquid that trickled down from the Suanni dragon head gate was the urine left by silly dog Little Nine.

Pff!

The thin old man Shuang Wuyan who was like an ice man almost spat something out.

He almost couldn’t control his expression and howled with laughter.

The fat old man Yan Wushuang was clutching his stomach in tears.

Ye Qingyu rubbed his face, drawing a few deep breaths in a row.

He tried hard to calm himself down, not to be amused by the stupid dog, and then drew a long breath, saying, “Let’s go into the city.”

Wu Zhao Empress nodded.

The Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps walked in a line through the Suanni dragon head city gate.

For the first time, the people of Heaven Wasteland Domain set foot on the land of the nineteen cities of chaos.

Ye Qingyu, Yu Xiaoxing, and rest of the party understood that there was a more serious situation waiting for them ahead. It was clear that it was not a coincidence that the Violet Gold divine guards showed up to make things difficult for them.

The undercurrent storm in the city was more violent and terrifying than expected.

The fat and thin envoy elders exchanged a glance, saw the hidden expression in each other's eyes, but no one spoke.

……

An hour later.

The Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps was temporarily settled in Sunrise City.

Due to the large number of people, the inn could not accommodate all of them, so finally Ye Qingyu rented an open space, on which he set up a number of tents for them to rest.

They must break through the road of chaos in one month. The time was tight, and they had no time to observe the scenery of Sunrise City.

Ye Qingyu, Wen Wan and the other people, under the guidance of the two envoy elders, went to the City Lord residence to submit an assessment application.

Over the past tens of thousands of years, the domain rating had established a set of detailed procedures, there were rules to follow with everything.

The City's Lord residence was just before the Violet Gold divine residence.

Fortunately, this time they did not run into the Violet Gold divine guards that they had clashed with before. The one who welcomed Ye Qingyu and the others was an officer of the City Lord’s residence named Shangguan Wu. It was evident that they had prepared in advance, since the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps’ application was very smoothly approved.

“I know that your time is tight. After half an hour, you can start the assessment.” Shangguan Wu smiled, his attitude was not particularly enthusiastic, but not at all unfriendly.

“Then thank you, Lord Shangguan,” Ye Qingyu said.

Fortunately, the people of the City Lord’s residence were not like the Violet Gold divine guards. The Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps breathed a slight sigh of relief.

Ye Qingyu and the others went back to prepare.

Just as they were leaving the City  Lord’s residence, they did not notice that opposite of the main entrance of the Violet gold divine residence, on the second floor of a restaurant, there was a pair of eyes staring at them with a vicious and murderous glint——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 676:


Chapter 694, The ghost really does not go away



Half an hour later.

A Violet Gold divine guard sent over the content and method of assessment to the square of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. The relevant assessment was scheduled to be carried out in front of the walls of storm of the Violet Gold divine residence in Sunrise City on the morning of the following day.

In the tent where the Empress discussed official business.

“The Wall of Storm?”

When the fat old Yan Wushuang heard the news, he turned to look at the thin old man, their eyes both flashing a strange light.

“Tut tut, your luck is really not good enough,” the chubby old man said gloatingly, shaking his head with a smiling expression.

“Really unlucky,” the thin old man who cherished words like gold, also spat out two words.

“I have to ask why elder say that?” Yu Xiaoxing asked in surprise, “Could it be that the Wall of Storm assessment is very difficult?”

“The nineteen cities of chaos, Sunrise City is the first level. There are four major assessment sites in the city, the Falling Wind formation, Lightning Tower, the Eye of the Divine Wind and the Wall of Storm. Of the four, the Wall of Storm is the most difficult, because this assessment was the only one to be personally set up by the Storm Martial Emperor.”

Everyone had a change of expression when they heard this.

The examination scene set up by the Storm Martial Emperor?

That was a little exaggerated, right?

Let alone Heaven Wasteland Domain, how many people in the thousands of domains could break through an assessment set up by the Storm Martial Emperor?

Ye Qingyu raised his brows, “That Wall of Storm assessment, what is it? Will there be any danger? Elder, can you reveal a little information?”

Although he had got a lot of information on the thousands of domains and the domain rating from the scrolls of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, but the four major assessments in Sunrise City were never mentioned.

“Hahaha, there won’t be any danger, you don’t have to worry about that.” The chubby old man laughed, habitually wiping the sweat on his body. “But the specific details of the assessment, I am not too sure, because the Wall of Storm is mysterious, and so far nobody has completely understood it. It is a spiritual object. When the assessment begins tomorrow, you will automatically be given the specific assessment criteria. Don’t think too much about it. There is no use in worrying, just wait for the examination to come.”

“Fat man, you are quite tight-lipped.” Silly dog jumped onto Ye Qingyu's shoulder, gritted his sparkly white teeth, and growled.

The chubby old man laughed while wiping his sweat, not angry in the slightest.

“Grab it, grab it, torture it, rip his clothes off.” The fat hen-like parrot also flapped its wings in an arrogant manner, circling around the old man.

Ximen Yeshui looked pale.

He suddenly felt that the stupid bird was only useful for picking up girls, but at such an occasion, it was just a disaster.

Seeing that the two envoy elders were unwilling to say anything more, Ye Qingyu and others did not question further.

Although the fat old man had a very good temper, his strength was unfathomable. If he were pushed to his limit, the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps would most likely be at a disadvantage.

After a little deliberation, the two envoy elders departed.

Only the people of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps were left in the tents.

The next hour, the higher levels had discussions on the next step, but did not come to any good conclusions. For the time being, everybody rested. When the assessment officially started tomorrow, they could only adapt to the situation.

It was Ye Qingyu’s first time in Sunrise City and thus he was also very curious. With Wen Wan, Ximen Yeshui, and the others, he left the camp and came to the city to take a look.

……

Sunrise City was the first city of the nineteen cities of chaos.

It covered a stretch of hundreds of miles. The majority of the buildings were light golden rock buildings, and the style was simple. After thousands of years of being battered by wind and rain, there was a sense of ancient history, that it was full of a historical background.

There were nearly tens of millions of living beings in the city, the Human Race, Demon Race and other races from different domains, but all were fundamentally martial arts experts. The style and culture from the various domains here clashed and fused with each other. It was extremely bustling.

Compared to many major cities in Heaven Wasteland Domain, such as the Snow capital, Nine Serenities City, Demon God Snow Mountain and so on, the buildings of Sunrise City were more imposing, more majestic, and surpassed the imagination of many people. The huge buildings and statues were tall and reaching into the clouds. There was a faint divine power pervading throughout the city, as if there was a god mysteriously watching and guarding the city.

It was also an eye-opener for Ye Qingyu and his party to travel through the streets of the city.

The roadside shops and vendor stalls were filled with a wide variety of dazzling goods.

There were sellers constantly shouting along the street.

“Battle armour from the Divine Craftsman Domain. All kinds of swords and weapons, engraved seal of an Immortal Step master, containing 180 ancient inscription formations, the best quality Dao weapons, and half price divine-level Origin crystal. First come, first serve.”

“Take a look at it, blood grass picked from the Nine Serenities land, the retail price is one plant for one pound of Origin crystal, the wholesale price is negotiable. The long-term purchase price is better, guaranteed genuine, if one is fake, I shall compensate you for ten of them.”

“Youthful retaining powder from the best pill and medicine sect of the Divine Agriculture Domain. Have one once a day, and you can be young forever, no longer having to worry about the decline of blood and qi, which causes the face to age. Don’t miss this chance.”

“The young of a Gold Swallowing beast that you can tame, one hundred kilograms of Origin crystal. Feed are provided, and it comes with a training manual. First come, first serve!” “

“Second-hand yuan crystal battleship, with Immortal Step double cannon, full deck polishing. It can carry millions of kilograms, accommodate hundreds of people. It needs thirty Heaven Ascension experts to drive it...”

There were hawkers constantly shouting.

Even if Ye Qingyu was knowledgeable and experienced, and was basically considered as the only one who had been to a foreign domain among the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, at this moment he was also constantly shaken.

It was unbelievable that many of the things that were treasures in Heaven Wasteland Domain were now being sold at random stalls on the roadside.

“Woof thinks we seem like bumpkins coming into town.” Silly dog stared wide-eyed at a barbecue stall in the distance, which the owner said he was selling barbecued dragon meat.

Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui were evidently astonished.

“The ultimate Dao weapon? Is it real or fake?” Wen Wan crouched down at a stall, looked at the dozens of weapons laid out on a large red cloth, as well as some unusually shaped objects, and casually asked.

“If one is fake, I shall compensate you for ten of the,.”  the white-bearded Taoist stall owner said, grinning.

The old Taoist had snow-white hair. He was clad in a vermillion Taoist robe which was washed cleanly, radiated an Immortal aura, and at the back of his collar was a spotlessly white horsetail whisk.

“Yo, so arrogant, let me see.” Wen Wan casually picked up a five-finger wide short sword and carefully examined it, as a solemn expression crossed his face.

On this short sword there were six blood grooves, the body of the blade was thin as a piece of paper. The forging process was extremely complex. The blade was incredibly sharp, a strand of hair could be cut by simply blowing the hair onto the blade. Clasping the blade and injecting yuan qi, there was a sharp divine light leaping out.

“This thing is real.” Ximen Yeshui made such a judgement.

The two people examined five or six weapons in one breath. Unexpectedly, they were all the best quality Dao-level treasures.

So the gaze that the two looked the stall owner with was a bit warmer.

Any one of these weapons was enough to make the many forces of Heaven Wasteland Domain break their heads in order to fight over it. But here, they were casually placed on the side of the road, like radishes being sold; it was a little unbelievable.

Ye Qingyu looked at it, but shook his head and smiled.

He patted the two on the shoulder and motioned the pair to not linger and walk faster.

The gaze of the white-bearded Taoist fell on Ye Qingyu, saying, “What, from little brother's expression, it seems you have a problem with my things? I, Immeasurable Taoist, have set up a stall here for three hundred years, I have never cheated anyone. My credibility is guaranteed...”

“[The Mark of Reverse Dragon Reverses the Rotating Sky].” Ye Qingyu didn't want to argue with him as he directly interrupted him.

The old Taoist was speechless, like he had just seen a ghost, staring fixedly at Ye Qingyu. Then, after a pause, he said in disbelief, “You actually know [The Mark of Reverse Dragon Reverses the Rotating Sky]... how could you?”

Ye Qingyu laughed but did not respond.

“Fine, fine, fine, my eyes are bad. I didn’t know I met a capable person, please excuse me.” As he spoke, he swiftly tidied the stall, rolled up the treasures on the blanket, and squeezed into the crowd like a wisp of smoke, disappearing in a twinkling.

Ximen Yeshui and Wen Wan looked at each other.

“What's going on?” Wen Wan looked at Ye Qingyu and said, “Is that old thing deceiving people? What is [The Mark of Reverse Dragon Reverses the Rotating Sky]?”

Ye Qingyu said, “A kind of forged inscription handed down from the ancient times, powerful, but can only be activated a limited number of times. It was once well known across the world, but later was used by some people to cheat others.”

“No wonder that before coming out, when the fat old man heard that we are going shopping, the gaze he looked us with was as though we were lambs to be slaughtered. There are so many scammers on the street.” Ximen Yeshui began to realize the situation they were in.

Ye Qingyu nodded, “Such a street is not a place to buy things.”

He had seen the scrolls from the Immortal God Emperor Sect, had a deep understanding of Sunrise City, and knew that the stall vendors on the roadside were mostly scammers. There was a mix of good people and scumbags in the city, countless strange people. If not careful, one could easily be cheated and lose a fortune.

But after a stroll, Ye Qingyu also was tempted to go on a shopping spree.

There were countless opportunities and treasures in Sunrise City, and as long as you were rich enough, you could buy treasures that were never seen in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Ye Qingyu was not particularly interested in these things. The members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps who may be regarded as important people in Heaven Wasteland Domain usually spent extravagantly, but now that they were here in the nineteen cities of chaos, it wasn’t quite enough. During the domain rating, he must not be too stingy. It was better to take advantage of this chance to buy some equipment in the city that will certainly be useful in the future.

In the next half hour, Ye Qingyu consecutively walked into several old shops. He successively exchanged a drop of chaotic thunder liquid and ten kilograms of divine-level yuan liquid for more than five hundred thousand kilograms of Origin crystals. He instantly became a wealthy man and then began to sweep goods up.

In such a city, gold and silver were just like dung. Only Origin crystal played the role of money and could be used to purchase things.

Time flew by.

Half a day passed in a twinkling.

Everything was going well.

In a thousand-year-old shop called [Refine Armour], Ye Qingyu bought a batch of Dao armour and weapons, and due to the large order the store gave him a huge discount, and also agreed to personally deliver the goods to the Heaven Wasteland Domain encampment.

The whole process went well.

Who would have imagined that just as they stepped out the store, they were surrounded by the clatter of Violet Gold divine guards. They were aggressive and overbearing, blocking their path.

They were led by the young leader who they had previously clashed with under the Suanni dragon head gate.

“You guys, stop there, someone reported you for theft,” he said, staring at Ye Qingyu and the others, a sinister smile playing on his lips. “I already knew that your group of lowly citizens of a lower domain are not good people. A group of stinking beggars. Come, do not let any of them go, arrest them all.”

Ye Qingyu knitted his brows.

The ghost really does not go away——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

