Chapter 773:


Chapter 790, News



Feng Silong was the person who most understood Her Highness of the Phoenix Race. To be able to see a glimmer of gentleness in her eyes and have that kind of ambiguous dialogue with a man was simply more unbelievable than seeing the ancestors of the Phoenix Race that existed thousands of years ago being resurrected.

Could it be that Her Highness has fallen for him?

In shock, Feng Silong thought of another possibility, and all of a sudden an even more astonished expression came onto his face. He once again carefully studied Ye Qingyu, repeatedly and attentively looking at him. Then a storm and raging waves were set off in his heart.

He actually felt a glimmer of the aura of Phoenix from the young man.

How could this be?

What had happened between Her Highness and the young man called Ye Qingyu in the 18th district?

Has a relationship already... already... already started?

Heavens!

This was a huge thing.

If this were true, the whole Phoenix Race would go crazy.

Feng Silong’s eyes wandered back and forth between the two, forcibly suppressing his puzzlement and the question in his throat because this matter absolutely could not be revealed. He had no choice but to ask Her Highness clearly later. With this worry in mind, he finally soared into air with the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and instantly disappeared in the distant Void.

On Fierce Beast Peak, there were only three people left.

“Big brother Ye Qingyu, will we see each other again?” On the other side, Fatty Sheng Yan lowered his voice to a gentle and sweet tone.

Ye Qingyu threw a very disdainful narrowed-eyed glance at him, “What, without me protecting you in the future, do you think you will survive?”

Fatty Sheng Yan immediately put his hands on his hips, like an oval teapot, as he looked up and let out a full belly laugh, “Hahaha... I, Sheng Yan, am also someone who had successfully come out of the Door of Darkness. I am blessed with the luck of Heaven and earth. Would I need others to protect me? Besides, the ancestor of my Li clan has returned to the top. Haha, this sky and land will be named Li soon. My ancestor has returned, who would dare to challenge him? In the future, if there's anything you need then just tell me, and this little brother of yours will cover you.”

The fatty's attitude could be described as extremely arrogant.

Ye Qingyu did not know whether to cry or laugh.

But on second thought, what fatty had said was indeed right. Four thousands years ago, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was already an invincible existence in the world. Four thousands years had past, and now that he had emerged from the mountain again, his first battle had already showed off his true powers, and it was clear that there were most likely only a few who could contend against Li Xiaofei.

This fatty who had the protection of a Quasi-emperor indeed could act domineering and tyrannical.

“Big brother, don't worry, although I have now found my ancestor, and my status has soared, hahaha, but you are still my big brother. I, Sheng Yan, will not forget your great kindness and how many times you had saved me...” Sheng Yan said firmly and in a very serious attitude, but after the first half of the sentence, he changed the topic and revealed a vulgar smile, “When I have great achievements in the future, I will certainly bring you success, a dog and chicken can also rise to heaven!”

This...

You are the chicken and dog rising to the heavens.

Ye Qingyu did not know whether to laugh or cry.

This Sheng Yan was still so not serious. He though that he wanted to say goodbye to him, but instead, in the end, he revealed an unseemly expression. Ye Qingyu knew that, although this brother of his seemed disrespectful and frivolous, he was definitely a kind-hearted and loyal man, which was clear from the way he would rather die than to leave his ancestor in the grey bronze temple. To be able to have a brother like him, Ye Qingyu was also very happy.

“Well, then I'll wait for you to take me to the heavens.” Ye Qingyu patted the fatty on the shoulder.

The fatty grinned.

His smile was filled with gratitude towards Ye Qingyu.

Because he was very clear that, if it were not for Ye Qingyu, let alone saving his ancestor, he would be buried in the 18th district. If this really were the case, then the Li clan would have lost all of its descendants and would completely disappear as a result. Moreover, the choice that Ye Qingyu made at that time was also a great risk and he was almost also killed in the killing intent.

This really was tantamount to a life of friendship.

On the other side, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was still looking at the two indifferently.

And his gaze was lingering more on Ye Qingyu. In the depths of his eyes there was a glimmer of a smiling expression, as well as a hint of curiosity. But this expression would never be seen by others.

“Elder, take care.” Ye Qingyu bowed respectfully to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

Li Xiaofei nodded, approval in his eyes as he said, “Little guy, you saved me once. I owe you a favour. If there is something you need help with in the future, you can come find me directly with this item, I will sort out everything for you.” As he was speaking, he handed a green robe to Ye Qingyu.

It was the tattered robe that he was wearing as he was escaping before.

"”Thank you elder.” Ye Qingyu's eyes lit up.

“In the future the wanted list of the Domain Alliance will no longer be able to recognize you.” Li Xiaofei seemed to know what Ye Qingyu was worried about.

With this promise from [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], Ye Qingyu let out a long sigh of relief.

That's good, there will be a lot less trouble during the next operation.

In the end, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and the bald fatty also left.

When everyone was gone, Ye Qingyu finally could not help a hint of anxiety coming to his eye. The Black Demon Abyss assessment really was too torturous. He had to go through so many twists and turns just to get his hands on a few Black Demon Herbs, and did not expect to have wasted so much time in the Black Demon Abyss. Moreover, he did not know what the situation was with the rest of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. He had to quickly catch up with them.

With a thought, he activated the power of chaotic lightning and thunder, grew a pair of purple lightning wings on his back and soared skywards.

It was safe around the area of Fierce Beast Peak.

After an hour, Ye Qingyu descended onto the Taowu Mountain Range.

The Taowu Mountain Range, where danger lurked on every side, was now completely silent, without the slightest shadow or movement. Ye Qingyu was a bit surprised at the beginning, but later on after another thought he knew that it must have been because the power that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had shown in that battle was too terrifying and had frightened everybody out of their wits. They were no longer lingering around and had retreated far away.

Half a day later.

Ye Qingyu had very smoothly left Black Demon Abyss.

He did not encounter any further obstacles along the way.

Moreover, even if he had passed through some bustling places, no one had noticed his true identity. It seemed that, as Li Xiaofei had said, the wanted list was no longer able to detect Ye Qingyu's presence. It was most likely because the Quasi-emperor had used some sort of technique to obstruct the detection of the Domain Alliance's wanted list.

On the way, he had asked a number of experts from other cities and learned about the situation of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. What made him feel slightly reassured was that everything seemed to be going well, and the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps had already passed the checkpoints of the seven great cities and was moving towards the tenth city of chaos.

As a little unknown domain, Heaven Wasteland Domain was able to pass through seven cities in one breath in half a month, showing unexpected strength and potential. This news also caused quite a stir.

Hearing this information, Ye Qingyu felt that his heart was bursting with joy.

He activated his yuan qi and frantically moved forward.

And just as he was constantly traveling through a number of giant cities, everything that happened on Fierce Beast Peak quickly spread like wildfire among the nineteen cities of chaos, and began to sweep through the whole world like a storm.

In particular, the death of [Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu and the appearance of the peerless experts could be said to be center of the storm.

There were all kinds of rumours.

It was said that an unknown skinny old man, who was like a dying flickering candle in the wind, had instantly killed the Saint expert Yang Tainwu, a top expert of one of the greatest forces, the Jade Pearl Sect, of an upper domain despite not exuding the slightest ripple of strength. It was as easy as though he was slaughtering a chicken.

As the news emerged, it shook the world.

Throughout the road of chaos, the people of the great cities, including the experts of the Chaotic Sky City and Domain Alliance, were all speculating on the identity of the old man who possessed strength that defy the natural order.

It could be said that the various suspicions and legends regarding the identity of the old man had long completely suppressed the news that the heaven's pridelings of the major forces had successfully came out from the 18th district.

Many well-informed super forces had vaguely guessed the identity of the peerless expert, and were all simply shocked by the speculation. They had begun to quietly lay out their plan, aware that a huge change was about to come. In particular, the forces that had once made things difficult for the descendants of Quasi-emperor Li were in a panic like stray dogs.

A storm, under the seemingly calm situation, was silent brewing.

Time flew by.

In the blink of an eye three days had past.

Ye Qingyu quickened his pace to catch up and came to the eighth city of chaos——Ancient Banyan City.

Ancient Banyan City, although said to be a city, was in fact a city built in the hole and among the branches of a giant ancient banyan tree. The branch grew roots and the roots sprouted branches and leaves. It was as if it had been standing since the beginning when Heaven and earth was created, constantly growing branches and leaves, which then turned into roots. After millions of years, it had formed a tremendous tree city that covered a distance of hundreds of thousands of kilometers.

Walking in the city, Ye Qingyu could not help but marvel at the power of nature in the world of chaos.

The treetops were as huge as umbrellas and the dense leaves and branches blocked the rays of light. On both sides of the winding road, the aerial roots that connected Heaven and earth was more than thousands of meters high, and the thinnest branches and leaves also required at least two or three people to fully encircle it.

In addition to the Ancient Banyan Race and various spiritual beasts and creatures that had been living and multiplying in the city, there were also other races here for trade.

The Ancient Banyan City that was surrounded by greenery was like a green sea compared to the dark and vast Black Demon Abyss.

Originally, Ye Qingyu only intended to take a break in Ancient Banyan City before he continued ahead in order to meet up with the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps as early as possible. However, just as he was passing a market where buildings and stalls were also built from branches, he overheard some of the dialogues between the passersby. He learned that there will be a large-scale auction event in the city soon and at that time there would not only be countless rare pills and medicines, but also divine weapons and treasures.

“If I wasn't in a hurry, I'd really like to go to the auction and get some good treasures... such a grand event must be rare. Perhaps there would be some rare treasures there.”

Ye Qingyu was very curious about the event.

Ever since he had seen the treasures sold in the [REfine Armour] store in Sunrise City, he had gained a great deal of interest in the items in the cities of chaos.

Suddenly, among the crowd there were two experts whose figures were almost transformed into a humanoid shape but still retained some of the spirit and characteristics unique to the Spiritual Bird Race, brushed past Ye Qingyu.

It was normal to be jostled in a crowded market, but what caught Ye Qingyu’s attention was what they were whispering to each other.

“Why didn't you go to Secluded Mountain Manor today and instead came for a stroll in this little market?”

“What? I didn't hear there was a good business these two days.”

“Haha, it seems that you receive news much slower than I do.”

“Don't beat around the bush, hurry up and say it.”

“Some days ago, a little lowly domain, I think it was called something Wasteland...Yes, Heaven Wasteland Domain. They come to us to participate in the domain rating. I heard that something unexpected had happened and they were completely defeated...”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 774:


Chapter 791, Trap

Ye Qingyu was shocked to hear their dialogue.

His footsteps halted and he looked over to the side.

He continued to eavesdrop on the two figures who were talking in low voices.

“All defeated? But what does this have to do with Secluded Mountain Manor.”

“You don't know? That day there were many Human Race experts of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps captured alive as slaves and were being give away in batches. There was a group of Heaven Wasteland slaves being sent to Secluded Mountain Manor to prepare for auction, and to build momentum for the upcoming auction event!”

“How come I haven't heard of such big news!”

“I also happened to hear it from another expert. Secluded Mountain Manor is now packed with people. Those who had gone there were mostly the prestigious forces and groups in the city. From the news that I heard from them, they said that the quality of this batch of slaves was the best, especially... there seems to be a beautiful girl who exuded the qi of an emperor...”

The voices of the two men were very quiet, but all the content was still clearly heard by Ye Qingyu.

Defeated?

Slaves?

The qi of an emperor?

This information flashed in Ye Qingyu's mind, and he couldn't help but immediately combined the information into a terrifying picture that made him tremble in panic.

He turned around abruptly, trying to grab the two men to question them clearly.

But after brushing past, the figures of the two Spiritual Bird Race had very bizarrely disappeared in the flow of people. They had vanished with a flash and did not even leave behind a trace of aura.

Ye Qingyu stood there blankly.

Although the sun was shining brightly overhead and the wind was warm, but he felt as though he was standing in an ice cave, cold beads of sweat trickled down and he felt a chill in his heart.

The Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps was defeated?

How was that possible?

Before this he also had been inquiring along the way, and found out that the assessment of Heaven Wasteland Domain had been going smoothly. How would there suddenly be such a change?

Ye Qingyu felt utterly confused.

What kind of change could make the many experts of Heaven Wasteland Domain be all defeated?

And what forces would attack a group that was here to take the Domain rating?

Ye Qingyu constantly pondered over this as he stood in the middle of the crowd.

An almost unstoppable agitation, anger, and killing intent, were as if about to gush out of his body.
There was Wen Wan, Yan Buhui and Ximen Yeshui, how could the Heaven
Wasteland diplomatic
corps be enslaved?

And the silly dog Little Nine, why did he not protect Xing’er and flee at the critical moment?

Also Old Fish?

Didn't he said he was very shrewd?

And that chubby Elder Yan Wushuang, he actually failed to protect the Heaven
Wasteland diplomatic
corps?

There were too many suspicious points with the news that had suddenly spread to his ears, causing him to be completely confused and panicked.

He stood quietly in the crowd, while the people around looked at him with a very strange gaze.

After a full twenty or thirty breaths, he took a long, deep breath and gradually calmed down.

This matter was a little strange and may not be true.

Secluded Mountain Manor...

No matter what, he thought that he should hurry and go take a look first!

Ye Qingyu gradually calmed down and formulated a plan in his mind. As he was traveling along the road, he found a reliable shopkeeper in an older looking shop, and asked about the approximate location of Secluded Mountain Manor.

……

After an hour.

Ye Qingyu came to the entrance of Secluded Mountain Manor.

Located at the northern end of the Ancient Banyan City, the Secluded Mountain Manor was hidden inside of a dense forest of branches and leaves.

What Ye Qingyu had found a little strange was that within dozens of kilometers it was secluded and seemingly deserted, but filled with the aura of experts of different races.

The Secluded Mountain Manor was built from rare blood-coloured rocks in accordance to a natural style pattern, and countless different coloured flowers, grass and vines had almost covered the high walls built from red rocks, The finely carved red sandalwood door was over ten meters tall, and on it, there were gold-coloured markings depicting the totem of an ancient banyan tree.

This magnificent mountain manor, from the details of its construction, exuded a natural charm and was indeed a very elegantly structured mountain manor.

But at this time, Ye Qingyu did not have the mood to appreciate the architecture and scenery.

Along the way, he had already found out more about the background of this mountain manor.

This mountain manor was the faction of a very famous large force in the city——the Blood Taster Sect.

Blood Taster Sect was known to be a bloodthirsty and ruthless force in the Domain Alliance. In addition to the several leaders, the subordinates were all bloodthirsty mercenaries, and were the most typical mercenary legion in the domain. They were like a group of bloodthirsty wolves who often waged battles in major domains and took the opportunity to snatch the rare treasures of the latter as well as the lives of other races and forces as slaves.

In the great wide world there had been many wars between domains, which had a long-lasting effect, as well as clashes between some of the major sects in recent times. But behind the bloodbath there was always the shadow of such factions.

It was for this reason that they often held auctions for rare items and slaves.

In this huge city, Secluded Mountain Manor was considered a forbidden place, where ordinary people simply dared not to come near.

Ye Qingyu stood outside and observed for a while, before he chose a relatively more-concealed red rock wall, tore at it with his bare hands. A long crevice appeared on the wall formation allowing him to quietly sneaked in.

After passing through the tall wall, everything inside suddenly cleared up.

Along the periphery of the courtyard there was still a winding path paved with blood-coloured pebbles, and in the courtyard there were many tall flourishing banyan trees. Several disciples of the Blood Taster Sect, clad in brown-red-coloured battle robes, were patrolling back and forth along the path. Their footsteps were orderly and neat, and the sound of their boots trampling on the ground was almost undetectable.

The disciples of the Blood Taster Sect emitted a sinister aura and were shrouded in blood odour. With one glance and it was obvious that they had danced on the tip of the blade, were outlaws who had walked the sea of blood, and were completely different from the disciples of ordinary sects. They were extremely fierce and their strength was approximately at the top of the Heaven Ascension boundary.

Ye Qingyu was inwardly fearful.

They were only a few patrol disciples, but their strength was already close to the Immortal Step boundary. The power of the Blood Taster Sect was quite astonishing.

But...

What Ye Qingyu was most surprised about was that, apart from the disciples of the Blood Taster Sect in the courtyard, he did not see people of any of the other sects, nor the so-called forces that had come from all over the place for the auction.

There was no sign of a lively scene as rumoured.

What was going on?

Ye Qingyu was somewhat puzzled.

He stood in place hesitating for a moment and eventfully decided to continue to explore the mountain manor further.

After avoiding a group of patrol disciples, Ye Qingyu quietly bypassed the courtyard and headed in the direction of the center of the manor.

As he went deeper into the manor, the surrounding environment became more serene and elegant.

The giant trees along the route were increasingly taller, and the dense green leaves had completely covered the winding paved corridors, and along the corridors there were picture markings of mountains and rivers as well as different vines entwined around the roof beams and buildings.

After passing through the thousands of meters long hallway, Ye Qingyu finally arrived at the most central courtyard.

The courtyard was thousands of meters wide and was ornamented with an exquisite rockery and fishponds and pavilions, while in the center a hundred-year-old banyan tree was planted. Its branches and leaves at the treetop shrouded the entire courtyard like an umbrella. The murmur of water and the distant cries of spiritual birds were as though responding to each other. There was a natural elegance present in the place.

Of course, the most important thing was that he finally heard a voice inside the courtyard.

Ye Qingyu jumped up in joy.

Along the way, the mountain manor was full of natural vitality and there was not the slightest sound of a human voice. It was like a place that was completely uninhabited. But at this moment, standing under the ancient banyan tree, he heard a giggling voice coming from a room in the northwest corner.

He hid his aura and then approached the room where the noise was coming out.

The pine wood door was covered with a thin layer of oil paper. Ye Qingyu stood at the door and slightly leaned over, carefully observing the situation in the room.

The first thing that entered his field of vision was a wine table that was formed naturally from the roots of a banyan tree.

The wine table was no more than a meter tall, and had been polished until it was shiny and glossy. What was more mysterious was that the bottom was connected to the soil layer. It seemed that the person who constructed the house had especially in the middle of the house dug a place for this root carving.

On the wine table there were a few green jade porcelain cups, as well as two or three white ceramic wine jars.

And sat around the wine table were about seven or eight figures of varying ages, drinking and toasting to each other.

Ye Qingyu was shocked when he took a closer look.

Because sat in the center of the wine table, the girl who was dressed in a white dress and looked like a moon palace fairy was surprisingly the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect, and sitting beside her was the guardian Saint expert of the Jade Pearl Sect that he saw on Fierce Beast Peak.

In addition, there were a few people who he was unfamiliar with, but from their clothing he could tell that there were three people who should be high-level experts of the Blood Taster Sect. Their blood-red-coloured robes were dotted with various gold formation markings, which looked extremely mysterious and strange. There were two people who were wearing a standard sect outfit, but were neither part of the Jade Pearl Sect or the Blood Taster Sect. Ye Qingyu felt that they looked a little familiar and then identified them to be disciples of the Tianqian Sect from their clothing. Moreover, these two people, from their aura and clothing, seemed to have a much higher status than Lu Li, a remarkable talent of the Tianqian Sect who had died in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss.

In particular, one of the experts of the Tianqian Sect was extremely young, seemingly around twenty years old. He looked very ordinary; his hair was a little messy and he was slovenly dressed. His lips were curved in a lazy smile, which felt a little familiar to Ye Qingyu.

Lord Ao!

The young man was venerable Lord Ao, one of the four Little Saints of Tianqian, who instructed Jiang Xiaohan to cause trouble around Heaven Wasteland Domain, and whose doppelganger was destroyed by Ye Qingyu in the end.

Ye Qingyu suddenly understood.

These people were together...

Not good, this mountain manor is clearly a trap, and they were waiting for me to walk right into the trap.
Ye Qingyu's expression changed abruptly as he turned around to leave, but it was already too late.

“Brother Ye Qingyu, since you have come, then sit down and enjoy it, why are you leaving in such a hurry without saying anything?” the voice of the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect came from inside——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 775:


Chapter 792, The third time



When Ye Qingyu heard these words, he immediately knew that he could not leave just like that.

As expected, the next moment, the surrounding Void began to glow and flash, and countless mysterious silver formations surged out from the ground, corners, fountains, pavilions, waterside gazebo, lakes and various trees and plants, instantly enveloping the Void. There were illusory wave-like ripples flickering, which right away shrouded the mountain manor.

“No good.”

Ye Qingyu did not recognize what this formation was, but he could sensed that the whole mountain manor had been completely sealed. The surrounding space, the sky overhead, and the ground below were locked down by a magnificent and vast force that was even more terrifying than the earth shaking formation that [Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu had set up on Fierce Beast Peak before.

He could not leave!

At the same time, footsteps sounded.

All of a sudden, several experts, clad in blood-coloured robes, of the Blood Taster Sect were darting out of the originally empty and silent walkways and forests of the mountain manor. They were wielding a variety of weapons and some even pushing a formation crystal cannon that aimed at Ye Qingyu who was at the courtyard gate.

“Hahaha, after such a long time, the fish finally took the bait.”

A mocking laugh came from the courtyard.

Then the courtyard door opened wide.

The white dress of the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect fluttered as she came out, followed behind by the descendant of the Tianqian Sect and several other masters. With a contemptuous smile across her face, she came to the gate and looked at Ye Qingyu, as if she was watching a prey in a cage.

“Brother Ye Qingyu, we meet again.” The Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect still had a silver veil over her face. Her figure was beautiful, her was legs were long and slim, her was waist slender, and her chest was full. Her entire body radiated a superior noble aura, exhaling orchid-like breaths, as she looked at Ye Qingyu with a smiling expression in her eyes.

Ye Qingyu didn't speak.

He was carefully observing the situation around him.

“After parting under the ancient parasol tree, I thought I would never see brother Ye Qingyu again in my life. I didn't expect brother Ye Qingyu to be so amazing to be able to come out alive of the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss after the Door of Life had closed. You really surprised this little sister.” There was smile in her voice. As if she was catching up with an old friend, her voice was extremely gentle.

Ye Qingyu sneered, “The fact that I am not dead seems to have disappointed you.”

“You misunderstood.” The Saintess laughed. “I'm too happy.”

“Oh?” Ye Qingyu also sneered. “Really? I came out of the 18th district alive, also with the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race. We have exposed your lies on Fierce Beast Peak. The truth has been made known to the world. Your weak and shameless face has also been made clear to the thousands of experts on Fierce Beast Peak, even the [Iron Heart Blood Saint] of your Jade Pearl Sect also died... Now everyone knows that the Saintess is ruthless and full of lies, haha, I can't think of why you would feel happy.”

“Little child, you have a sharp tongue.” An expert of the Blood Taster Sect standing next to the Saintess grinned.

This person looked to be around forty years old, medium built, neither fat nor thin, and was dressed in a short armour. He had a hooked nose and long, narrow eyes. He had an imposing air, with visible blood killing intent around his body, like flames leaping around him. It was not known how many creatures he had slaughtered, his eyes were cold as ice, like two steel knives, looking up and down at Ye Qingyu. There was a hint of undisguised greed in his eyes.

Ye Qingyu looked at this man, without the slightest fear, purple lightning darting around in his eyes. Facing the eyes of the other side, he similarly did not conceal his killing intent, and his imposing manner began to rage.

The man was slightly surprised.

For a junior of Ye Qingyu's age, no matter how good his aptitude or strength was, one would generally find his fiendish blood and qi unbearable, and would feeling inferior and fearful during a confrontation. He never would have thought that a youth from a lowly domain would be so powerful.

He flew into a rage out of humiliation and was about to say something...

“Elder Qiu, stay calm.” The Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect opened her mouth and shook her head slightly.

The middle-aged man, who was called elder Qiu, suddenly shut his mouth. He seemed to be afraid of the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect.

The Saintess turned her head to look at Ye Qingyu and smiled, “You ruined my plan. Of course it's not very good, but it’s just a small matter and would not affect the overall situation. It doesn't matter. Our Jade Pearl Sect has countless experts like Yang Tianwu. His death could draw out a Quasi-emperor, it is worth it, hehe...”

Ye Qingyu did not respond.

According to his observation, the Saintess's expression was calm and indifferent, and did not seem like she was pretending to be relaxed. In other words, in her view, even though her reputation was ruined and she had provoked the two super forces - the Black Demon Abyss and Phoenix Race, these were still only minor matters.
This... who gave her so much confidence and courage?

Logically speaking, it would be a bit of a struggle for a Jade Pearl Sect to at the same time face the retaliation of both the Black Demon Race and the Phoenix Race, and she should not be so calm. Moreover, because of the death of Yang Tianwu, the Jade Pearl Sect had a grudge with an invincible existence like [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].
The situation is very bad, how could the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect be so calm?

Ye Qingyu felt that, beneath what appeared to be a balanced surface, there might be too much hidden information that he did not know.

He continued to listen to the Saintess, “Brother Ye Qingyu, when I was under the ancient parasol tree, I also said that I very much admired your talent and willpower. A lot of mediocre people will judge others based on background, and would look down on people from lower domains like brother Ye Qingyu. They think they are superior, but are in fact stupid. Only I know of brother Ye Qingyu's true potential and strength. As long as you and I become friends, stand on the same side, then there will be a chair for you around the table behind me, also a seat of honour. The matters of the domain rating can easily be dealt with, you and I do not have to be in a state of hostility. We can completely turn hostility into friendship, what do you think?”

When this was said, the complexion of the people around him changed abruptly.

Especially elder Qiu of the Blood Taster Sect and Lord Ao of the Tianqian Sect, their faces flashed with an undetectable complex expression.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

He could tell that the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect was not deliberately deceiving him, but that there was a bit of truth within her words. But the problem was that, Ye Qingyu's view towards this woman was very bad.

“Those who have different paths cannot work together.”

This was a rejection of the olive branch thrown out by the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect.

A hint of disappointment flashed within the Saintess's eyes, “If I remember correctly, this is the third time you have rejected me, right?”

Ye Qingyu nodded, “Even if there are another three times, or thirty times, my answer will not change.”

As soon as these words were said, the expressions on the faces of elder Qiu of Blood Taster Sect and of Ao Tianzun relaxed a bit.

“All right.” The Saintess smiled again, “I am always happy to see talents, but I especially pay extra attention to you, unfortunately... I am still very entangled, because the people around me want your treasures. I also am very interested in your cauldron, but I don’t want to kill such a genius. Since you are unable to tell good from bad, then the Heaven Wasteland Domain will most likely lose their most powerful martial artist ever in history.”

It was just casual words, but the message was enough to make one tremble all over from the killing intent it contained.

It was only then that Ye Qingyu realized the reason why these people had set up this trap here today, arranged such a sealing formation, and sent people to deliberately say those words to him on the street to lead him to here. It was all for the treasures on him.

Killing for treasure.

That was the real purpose of these people in front of him.

When Ye Qingyu was in the 18th district, he had obtained countless rare items and treasures, divine medicines and herbs, as well as a variety of resources. Such a harvest was comparable to what major forces had accumulated over thousands of years. It would definitely arouse the jealousy of countless people. In other words, there was never a lack of outlaws and adventurers, even the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit, the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect and the Third Prince of the Kaiyang Imperial Court had encountered attacks as they departed from Fierce Beast Peak, let alone the fact that he was someone with no force to rely on.

Moreover, it was also a shock to the Saintess to witness the [Cloud Top Cauldron] withstanding against the [Red Lotus Hellfire] under the ancient parasol tree.

Adding up these temptations, it was no wonder that these people could not resist.

Although Ye Qingyu did not know why the Blood Taster Sect and Tianqian Sect would stand together with the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect, but from the situation he knew that these people were under the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect, and were quite afraid of her. The plan today was most likely arranged by the fairy-like woman.

In terms of ruthlessness and shrewdness, perhaps Jiang Xiaohan and the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect were similar, but based on status, identity, mind and spirit, Jiang Xiaohan was much inferior to the Saintess.

The methods of the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect also made Ye Qingyu tremble.

But his complexion was still calm and indifferent.

With a strange smile on his face, Ye Qingyu said in a relaxed tone, “You don't really think that I came here alone, do you? If I did not take a little precaution, and just came here because I heard some gossip on the street, then I would really be stupid, right?”

Beneath the silver veil, the Saintess narrowed her eyes.

Elder Qiu also had a change of expression, and then he sneered, “Little child, no matter how sharp-tongued you are, today you won't be able to escape death. Haha, you are not stupid, but are we stupid? Today we closed the door to slaughter the pig. I would like to thank you for coming here so fast to come offer the treasures in your hands, hahahaha...”

“Haha, that's right.”

“You think you can scare us with just a few words?”

“Too naive.”

The experts of the Blood Taster Sect also grinned, looking at Ye Qingyu like he was already a dead man.

It should be said that the scheme today was the joint effort of many parties, and not a last minute plan. In the previous few days, countless channels had been mobilized and a steady stream of news was sent here to confirm that Ye Qingyu did not have any helpers with him. It was only after they had confirmed this fact that they decided to launched the attack. How would they give up just because of a few words from him?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 776:


Chapter 793, Come and die



The Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect did not say anything else.

After being shocked by the words of Ye Qingyu, she soon reacted, her eyes gradually grew cold as she retreated back a few steps, like she had lost interest in speaking. Beneath the silver veil, the corners of her mouth were slightly curved in a cruel smile. She then glanced at Ye Qingyu, there was no longer the slightest gentleness and appreciation.

She had already expressed the greatest goodwill and sincerity.

Although Ye Qingyu's aptitude and potential were indeed astonishing and could even be said to be no less inferior to the Third Prince of the Kaiyang Imperial Court, but since they could not work together then he had to be eradicated as soon as possible. She was not a soft-hearted person. Such an opponent, once he grew up, would become a serious problem in the future.

And today, under such a situation, Ye Qingyu must be killed.

As the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect took a few steps back, the situation instantly turned serious.

Because everyone else understood that this meant that the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect had given up her intention to convince him to join their side.

Elder Qiu of the Blood Taster Sect smiled, and began to walk over.

At a distance of about ten steps from Ye Qingyu, he paused for a moment, a sinister smile on his face, and said, “I have seen a lot of lucky geniuses who, in their domain and races, are like the heaven's pridelings, shining with infinite light, and worshipped by countless people. Each of them rightly feels that they are favoured by Heaven and earth, possessed unrivalled luck and will surely be the masters of this era. But do you know what happens to these little fellows in the end?”

Ye Qingyu did not respond.

If it were the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect, then Ye Qingyu was willing to say a few words, but towards this elder Qiu, he had no interest to talk to him at all. Although the status of elder Qiu in the Blood Taster Sect may be very high, his strength also very frightening, but his conduct and performance were exactly the same with Lu Li and Yang Wanqu, in that he was also clearly a dog that had surrendered to the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect.

Ye Qingyu did not even care about his master, the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect, let alone a lackey like him.

Everywhere there were formation seals, and thousands of Blood Taster Sect masters were watching the battle like tigers watching their prey. Given the time and situation, except for a battle there was no other option.

The aura of Ye Qingyu's body was circulating rapidly, and the power of yuan qi began to soar.

His imposing manner frantically rose.

Elder Qiu’s expression did not change, a cold smile still plastered on his face, “May I tell you that those arrogant and pretentious geniuses, who eventually died a tragic death, their bodies eventually fell into the gutter and became the food of wild dogs and maggots. Their people, their loved ones, and the pitiful creatures who worshipped them finally became the slaves and goods of my Blood Taster Sect. They were sold everywhere, and anyone can trample them, hahaha... Little child, you should be able to imagine what kind of taste that is. Haha, although you can’t see such a scene, but I can guarantee that your relatives and friends must enjoy this treatment, I swear!”

Ye Qingyu's eyes began to flash with a light called anger.

He could not bear to hear such a thing.

Especially since the enemy spoke out with such a smug and arrogant attitude.

Blood Taster Sect, have they tasted blood before?

Ye Qingyu circulated ice yuan qi around his body, surrounding himself with countless fluttering ice crystal snowflakes. The temperature plunged, ice patterns were like snakes wrapping around him as they quietly extended out from the ground. The biting chill made the teeth of the surrounding experts of the Blood Taster Sect chatter.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh!

Six icy swords suddenly appeared around Ye Qingyu, floating high up in the sky, and then turned into beams of silver light, shooting toward elder Qiu.

“Hahaha, insignificant skill.” Elder Qiu laughed contemptuously. Standing still in place, he simply opened his mouth to blow out a wisp of scarlet fiendish blood qi. Following some strange noise, the six ice swords were instantly turned into nothingness.

Ye Qingyu's expression did not change, activating essential qi as he released twelve floating ice swords. They slightly shook, issuing a low dragon cry, then arranged in a strange formation and whizzed out once again.

“As expected of a little child of a lowly domain. You only have such martial skill yet dare to show off in front of I, Qiu Tiandi...” Elder Qiu laughed, slowly moving closer.

His imposing manner was threatening, fiendish qi surging, which constantly pressed towards Ye Qingyu. His hand seemed slow, like it was taking a stroll, then like picking flowers, he casually picked up all twelve ice swords in midair with lightning speed. The fiendish scarlet blood qi were like flames, spreading out from both of his palms, and instantly melted away the ice swords.

“Kill Kill! Kill "Kill!”

“Kill——”

The several Blood Taster Sect experts made furious growls.

The gathering of the voices of thousands of people had a soul-stirring and terrifying effect, as if thousands of men were fighting a battle, blood soaking the world. Frightening fiendish blood qi was emitted from these people, vaguely forming an illusion in the air, and sending one’s mind into disorder.

This was the remarkable fiendish blood sound wave unique to the Blood Taster Sect.

Under such a cooperation, elder Qiu's imposing manner was increasingly terrifying. In the blink of an eye, he was already three steps away from Ye Qingyu, surging with flame-like fiendish blood qi all over his body, as if he was a god of death crawling out from a blood pool. With a sinister smile he uttered, “Too disappointing, If I knew you were this weak, then I would not have put in so much effort. I could have dealt with you by myself... Haha, I can't wait to taste the taste of your blood. It ends here, I'll send you on your way... A kiss of the blood python! Die!”

The fiendish blood qi condensed into a hundreds-of-meter-tall scarlet python, like an ancient demon, bringing a desolate and ancient fiendish power, hovering over the head of elder Qiu and merging with him. The imposing manner climbed to its peak, and then the python opened its mouth wide, as if opening up a road to death. It moved towards Ye Qingyu as if to engulf him.

Ye Qingyu seemed like he did not care.

“I'm disappointed too.” He stood still in the same place, looking at Qiu Tiandi with contempt, “I originally thought that the person next to the Jade Pearl Sect would have some astonishing fighting power, but turns out to be just a small Saint... Good, I'll send you on your way.”

Before his voice faded.

In the hands of Ye Qingyu, a strange halberd emerged.

He stood in place, clasping the [Dragon Blood Halberd]. His action seems slow, but in the air it left behind a number of clear and realistic illusions, as if transforming into countless figures. With an underhand grip, he made a half squat, as he stabbed towards the ground. A strange brilliance flashed, leaping about between his palm and the halberd. The halberd was inserted into the ground at the foot of Ye Qingyu at a speed and trajectory that no one could capture.

“What kind of technique is this?”

Before they could fully captured the full movements of Ye Qingyu, many of the experts present could not help a startled expression from twisting their face. This stance... a kind of counterattack?

The Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect flashed a hint of warning in her eyes.

Also in that split second, the Void above began to separate, a speck of blood flickered, and before the others had reacted, a huge illusory halberd of hundreds of meters long descended from the sky. Its shape and appearance were exactly the same as the [Dragon Blood Halberd] in Ye Qingyu’s hand. As that blood python was about to kiss Ye Qingyu's head, the halberd had already pierced seven inches into it and nailed the demon to the ground.

And nailed together was also elder Qiu with a sinister smile on his face.

The scene at that moment froze.

The huge blood python, like a living thing, was nailed down, and struggling desperately like it was in pain. The huge serpent tail was swinging and sweeping behind it, while the dozens of experts of the Blood Taster Sect, caught off guard, were directly smashed into minced meat by the blood python's tail. Blood and bones splattered in all directions, and qi instantly began to diffuse in the air.

But it only struggled for a few moments.

The spiritual power dispersed and the huge body of the blood python began to dim. Gradually melting into the air, it turned into a cloud of blood mist and disappeared without a trace. It only left behind a faint ancient demonic aura.

Immediately that huge [Dragon Blood Halberd] illusion also dispersed, as though it had never existed before.

“Why... why?”

A horrified expression came to elder Qiu's eyes, despair and fear, staring at Ye Qingyu, unable to understand what had happened. A trickle of blood appeared on the middle of his head, flowing down like a red line, marking the center of his body.

The life force in his body dispersed like the tide, like sand was slipping away from the palm of his hand.

“Because you are weak, and you are stupid.”

Ye Qingyu slowly stood up and stood upright.

Qiu Tiandi was eager to show off, and attempted to withstand the second wave of ice swords with his bare hands, thinking that, given his profound cultivation base, he should not fear the power of ice. He simply did not take Yu Qingyu's ice power to heart. But the moment he picked up the sword, the power of [Supreme Ice Flame] had already quietly invaded his body.

After Ye Qingyu had attained Nirvana, his strength had tremendously improved, especially in his control of [Supreme Ice Flame]. He had long reached an unfathomable level. Let alone a little Saint who had stepped into the Saint realm, even if it were a true Saint, once the [Supreme Ice Flame] invaded into one’s body, their strength would be greatly reduced. Not to mention that Ye Qingyu used the [Dragon Blood Halberd] as a sword and launched the [Sword of Judgement] from the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General] to kill him in one strike.

Boom!

The sound of a watermelon being shattered could be heard, like a death knell, shaking the mind of every expert of the Blood Taster Sect.

The body of elder Qiu was cracked from the middle, splitting into two and then finally collapsed.

Within his body, ice flames were blazing, and his consciousness was destroyed.

Ye Qingyu pulled out the [Dragon Blood Halberd] with a jerk, clasping it in his hand, lifted his feet, and stamped on the almost frozen body of elder Qiu with a slight smile on his face. The sun was shining brightly but in the eyes of the other people, it was piercingly cold. “Today I had no choice but to battle, let go of myself and kill!”

Before his voice faded.

The [Dragon Blood Halberd] was raised, pointing to Ao Tianzun.

Ye Qingyu smiled coldly, “That year you were raising winds and making waves in Heaven Wasteland Domain, overbearing and arrogant, it makes people feel sick. That day I destroyed your doppelganger, but today you stuck out your head to die. Let’s see if the best descendant of Tianqian Sect really is different from ordinary people. Or is the [Dragon Blood Halberd] tougher?!”



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

