Chapter 329:


Chapter 330 - Blurred past events

At this time, listening to Lang Zhong mention the origin of the Two River Gang, Ye Qingu found it difficult to connect the image of his mother from his memory and the former leader of the Two River Gang.

His mother was such a mysterious woman?

Ye Qingyu’s heart swelled with pride but there were also bursts of sadness.

From that letter, and the tone of his mother’s words, he believed that before his parents went into battle they must have sensed something and felt that the battle of defending the city pointed to disaster. Therefore, they hastily left behind a letter.

What sort of danger was it, that his extremely powerful parents knew that they would die, but still courageously proceeded ahead?

Among this, there must be something extremely strange behind everything.

What was it that his parents sensed back then?

“Brother Lang, please continue.” Ye Qingyu composed his emotions.

“Yes, it was five years ago. The sixth day of the demonic beasts outbreak, and also the first half of the month when lady and master were called to guard the city walls. Lady suddenly went against the opinion of the masses and handed down the position of the leader of the Two River Gang to me. Because Lady had secretly arranged for me to make great achievements in several group operations, everything seemed natural, but I had always felt that Lady’s plan was strange and that something would happen. As expected, half a month later, I received two letters secretly sent by the lady, one for you young master and the other was addressed to me...”

Lang Zhong recounted what happened back then, one by one, without hiding anything.

After that, he took out another letter from his bosom.

This was the letter that Mother Ye, Li Ying, wrote to him.

Without hesitation, Ye Qingyu received the letter and immediately began reading.

The letter generally explained some things to Lang Zhong, but mainly repeatedly urged Lang Zhong that, no matter what, he must not reveal the relationship between the Two River Gang and the Ye Family. No matter what kind of attacks the Ye Family suffered, no matter the degree the Ye family deteriorated to, no matter how much difficulty Ye Qingyu experienced, and even if he became a beggar on the streets, he must absolutely not help him.

She also requested that he go try his best to grow and expand the Two River Gang and not to have any contact with the Ye residence.

Even taking away young master’s sword was also part of her arrangements.

Finally, she requested Lang Zhong that, if one day, Ye Qingyu could soar to the sky, has the power to defend himself, and the very Jianghu trembles at his name, then that was the time he could give the second letter to Ye Qingyu. It was also at that time that the Two River Gang could officially reveal its relationship with the Ye family and listen to Ye Qingyu’s commands.

When Ye Qingyu finished reading the letter, he felt as though there were mountainous waves tumbling in his heart.

There was so much more to this matter.

Mother Ye’s arrangements were seemingly cold-blooded, but with careful understanding, it felt as though it was some sort of last resort, like there was some kind of undefendable force in front and she had no other option but to take such a path.

Having read the two letters, Ye Qingyu was more confused than before.

What actually happened back then?

Why would his mother have such arrangements?

And secretly establishing a faction like the Two River Gang did not seem to be like his mother’s character and interest. All the evidence pointed to the fact that his parents were secretly preparing for something, silently planning and preparing for the arrival of something. Unfortunately the city defense battle, which was something they had not anticipated, completely disrupted their plans.

“Brother Lang, do you know anything else?” Ye Qingyu asked, passing the letter back.

Lang Zhong shook his head. “The way Lady handles matters was cautious, not one drop of water leaked out. Although I was secretly brought up by the lady, but things that should not be asked, I never asked. After the city defense battle, I abided by Lady’s arrangement and dared not to expose anything. All these years, I had not investigated what happened in the past, and instead, according to Lady’s command, I had been trying my best to expand the Two River Gang, so...”

Ye Qingyu listened carefully, nodding along.

It could be assumed that Lang Zhong didn’t know much, with his strength he could have participated in the affairs back then. Moreover, the existence of the Two River Gang should be a choice that his mother made back then in preparation for a time in the future when it might be needed. Unfortunately, the city defense battle had disrupted everything.

Since his mother wrote to him that Lang Zhong can be trusted and the Two River Gang was founded by his mother, they would be a great help to him in entering the imperial capital this time.

Ye Qingyu’s emotions calmed down a little. “The coverage of the Two River Gang, how big is it now?”

“Young master, ever since five years ago, the Two River Gang had begun to extend beyond Deer City. Now, in the northwest martial arts community, we have 38 information sentry posts and my younger sister has set out for the imperial capital of Snow Empire five years ago. Today, it can be said that we have a stable position in the central area of the imperial capital of the Snow Empire. We lack military strength, but we are adequate in the collection of information. As for the southwest and northwest areas, we have not yet had the time to expand to there.”

“Such a wide area?”

Ye Qingyu was shocked.

Was it not said that the Two River Gang only operates within the area of Deer City?

They had reached their hands into the area of snow capital without anyone noticing?

This made Ye Qingyu greatly surprised.

It seemed that all these years, Lang Zhong had put in a lot of effort.

But this was actually good news.

He planned to enter the Imperial Snow Capital, and the situation that he would face there was unpredictable. Although the Dugu Group and the Ouyang family, such powerful forces, were there to help him, but he still needed external forces. Also, the Two River Gang can be regarded as the Ye’s family direct subordinate. For some secretive matters, as well as the tedious collection of information, they could prove to be of assistance.

On the other side, Tang San stood dumbfounded, terrifying waves setting off in his heart.

He knew that he had inadvertently become aware of the largest secret of the Ye family.

He was an intelligent person, and the implied information he could gather from just this one exchange was very many.

Father and Mother Ye did not seem so simple on the surface, and this young master was most likely not an ordinary descendant of an average martial arts family of Deer City.

“It has been hard on Brother Lang all these years,” Ye Qingyu said, bowing respectfully.

Lang Zhong quickly interrupted, “This is what a subordinate should do. Even if I was beaten till my bones are broken, I still cannot repay Lady’s kindness back then. Not only me, the number of people of the Two River Gang that was able to survive because of Lady’s and Master’s kindness are countless. Everybody has been waiting eagerly all these years.”

“I understand.” Ye Qingyu nodded.

He invited Tang Sand and Lang Zhang to take a seat, and asked the beautiful servant outside to come in, set up the table, and to serve up the food.

Because of his relationship with Father and Mother Ye, Ye Qingyu’s feelings and opinion of Lang Zhong were also very good. The atmosphere turned lively and he did not ask about the past anymore. Instead, he carefully inquired about the current internal situation of the Two River Gang.

Lang Zhong told all he knew without any reservation.

Very quickly, an hour of time had passed.

On the other table, both the silly dog and little silver dragon were already drunk and in deep sleep.

Calculating the time, it was time to drop by White Deer Academy. Since he had promised Qin Wushuang, he should be punctual. Ye Qingyu asked Lang Zhong to take care of a few things. Lang Zhong wanted to make the best use of his time and so left the feast early.

Lang Zhong rose and said goodbye, before turning around and leaving.

Ye Qingyu and Tang San stayed for a short period of time before also leaving.

The beautiful little servant was so excited that her little face was blushing red as she led the way in front.

“Ah that’s right, pretty girl, please do not tell any of the matter of seeing Lang Zhong today.” Ye Qingyu warned with a smile.

The more people, the more gossip. The nosiness of girls this age was the most strong. If she bragged to her friends later, then the fact that he had met Lang Zhong would soon spread across the whole Deer City and cause an uproar.

“Ah?” The beautiful little servant was surprised for a moment, before she realized that Marquis Ye was talking to her, and her heart suddenly fluttered. “Marquis Ye don’t worry, even if I have to face a mountain of swords or sea of fire, I will not say half a word.”

“Haha, it’s not that serious. It’s enough if you just don’t deliberately mention it in public, if someone really forced you to say it with a sword, then say it,” Ye Qingyu teased her.

The little girl blushed red.

After leaving [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant], Ye Qingyu headed towards the intersection at the far corner and took a glance at the street stalls.

Wen Wan the [Crazed Noodle Demon] was still there.

Ye Qingyu covered his face, leaving from the other side, taking a farther route towards White Deer Academy to avoid Wen Wan. He was really afraid that this maniac would see him and greet him from afar, which would cause his good reputation of a lifetime to be ruined instantaneously.

With a grin on his face, Tang San carried the drunk silly dog and little silver dragon, and closely followed behind.

[Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant] was not far from White Deer Academy.

In the time needed to burn half an incense, the two people arrived at the entrance of the academy.

This was the first time that Ye Qingyu came to White Deer Academy ever since he returned to Deer City. Looking at the familiar but somewhat foreign school gate, Ye Qingyu also could not gather how he felt, thousands of thoughts crowding his mind. The scene four years ago of him participating in the academy’s entrance examination once again emerged in the forefront of his mind.

The guards naturally had to come to inspect his pass.

Fortunately, Ye Qingyu’s student status had not expired. He handed over the identity plate, the guard checked it as usual, and let him through.

Ye Qingyu went in by himself.

Tang San carried the silly dog and little silver dragon and went back to the Ye Mansion directly.

That guard stared at Ye Qingyu’s back view as he entered into Academy, murmuring, “This student, he looks unfamiliar. I haven’t seen him before, but there wasn’t a problem with the identity plate... Hey? Wait, the nameplate, what’s his name? It was...Ye Qingyu?

The guard’s pupils shrank.

He suddenly realized something.

Ye-Ye-Ye-Ye-Ye Qingyu?

Is that not... Marquis Ye’s name?

The young man... he was Marquis Ye?

The guard suddenly screamed, jumping straight up like crazy.

The others, with the gaze like looking at an idiot, stared at him.

……

The place that Qin Wushuang and the others decided on was the Residence of Heaven’s Will.

This was the most magnificent and prestigious independent villa situated in the fourth year area, a place that only the top noble White Deer Academy students were allowed to enter, and also the place that countless White Deer Academy students dreamed to be eligible to enter.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 330:


Chapter 331 - Zhou Guhan

Because entering here signified that one has already entered the core student social class of the Academy.

A year ago, Ye Qingyu surprised everyone, defeating the students of the same year, but he did not receive the eligibility to enter the Residence of Heaven’s Will.

And now, all the noble students of the Academy, and a number of students from humble families were standing in front of the arch bridge of Residence of Heaven’s Will, waiting for the arrival of Marquis Ye.

Qin Wushuang, Han Shuanghu, Han Xiaofei, Bai Yuqing...

The famous geniuses of the White Deer Academy had a tense and complicated expression on their faces as they waited quietly.

Originally, this place was where only noble students could appear.

However, considering the fact that Ye Qingyu was also of a humble background, so this time Residence of Heaven’s Will made an exception and opened the doors to students from humble families. The four most outstanding students that are from a humble background were also among the crowd.

Dressed in a fiery red and delicate combat outfit, Jiang Xiaohan stood at the very back of the crowd.

At a further distance, there was a dense mass of students of White Deer Academy gathering like the tide——even many of the Academy’s teachers were present, squeezing in between the students, eager to catch a glimpse of the graceful appearance of [The Leaf of Youyan] Marquis Ye, whose name was now well-known all over Youyan Pass. Towards this genius from White Deer Academy, many of its students had a complex sense of pride. On the one hand, Ye Qingyu is the most outstanding genius in the history of White Deer Academy, but on the other hand, Ye Qingyu had only been studying in White Deer Academy for one year and many teachers had not even seen him before.

When the white-robed youngster as beautiful as jade, appeared in the distant pavement, stepping on the thin grass, countless eyes shifted towards him.

At first, there were low voices of speculation and discussion.

But then when someone shouted out that ‘it’s Marquis Ye, I’ve seen him before’, the quiet crowd suddenly stirred and voices rose from all sides.

A ripple of excitement passed through the crowd.

There was no cheering, screaming, or yelling, but within every pair of eyes there was glistening reverence, adoration, and yearning... and even an awe-inspiring expression.

Han Shuanghu was the first to come up to greet him, “I pay my respects to Marquis Ye.”

The other students at the entrance of Residence of Heaven’s Will also hurried over to greet him.

Because this event was decided by the students, there were no academy teachers present, and Dean Kong was familiar with Ye Qingyu’s personality, so had not arranged any official activities in the academy.

“I pay my respects to Marquis Ye.”

“I pay my respects to Marquis Ye.”

The students, one after another, bowed their heads.

Ye Qingyu smiled, saying, “Senior brothers and sisters no need to be so polite, this is just a private catch up. There is no Marquis of the empire here. I came to meet everyone with the identity of a student of White Deer Academy. Don’t regard me as an outsider.”

In the crowd, Ye Qingyu could also see Song Qingluo.

After the talk that day in the Ye residence, Song Qingluo eventually returned to the academy to continue her studies.

And because there was news that the relationship between the Qingluo Merchant Company and the Ye residence was very good, and there was a person that saw Ye Qingyu personally walking Song Jiannan and Song Qingluo, father and daughter, to the door as they left Ye Mansion, so now no one dared to bully or make things difficult for this beautiful girl in White Deer Academy. Song Qingluo’s status in the academy was much higher than before.

And today, Song Qinglo was faintly seen in the core of the crowd in the people that came to greet Ye Qingyu, besides Han Shuanghu, Bai Yuqing and the others.

Ye Qingyu and the former acquaintances greeted each other one after another.

“I pay my respects to Marquis Ye.” A young man wearing a robe made from coarse materials stood out, looking in great spirits and exhibiting a strong aura. One glance and it was obvious that he was a powerful character. He said very confidently, “I am Zhou Guhan, the president of the Poor Society of the academy, the members of the poor society come from a similar background to Brother Ye.” As he spoke, he pointed over to the two students who were also similarly wearing ordinary clothing. “These two are junior brother Song and junior brother Li, both members of the Poor Society.”

Poor Society?

Ye Qingyu nodded. He had heard about this society before.

It is said that the Poor Society is an organization consisting of students of the White Deer Academy from humble backgrounds. There have been several outstanding members that are now famous. In White Deer Academy, the number of students from humble families was far less than those from noble families. Their status was also very low, so they have no choice but to gather together to fight for their own interests. The genius of the first year Yan Hangtian, was also the seedling that the Poor Society focused on cultivating, but later went missing during training, and now his whereabouts were unknown.

But when Ye Qingyu was at White Deer Academy, he was always alone and independent. At that time, he was considered to be from a humble background, but he did not have too many interactions with the Poor Society. The few contacts he had with the society were not friendly, and they were not considered as on good terms. For example, he had reprimanded a student of humble background Quan Yalin.

At that time, Ye Qingyu had always thought that the students from humble families, perhaps because of their inferiority complex, or the fact they were too self-confident, would always go astray on the path they walk.

“Nice to meet you.” Ye Qingyu smiled and responded, when his gaze fell on the last student of the Poor Society.

He was a handsome young man with fair jade-like skin and elegant brows and eyes, exhibiting a natural noble air. He was dressed in a shabby linen robe with several patches, more than that of Zhou Guhan and the other three, but he was very clean. His slender body was giving off elegance, and the feeling his whole person gave was very comfortable.

“Junior brother, you are?” Ye Qingyu asked.

Zhou Guhan’s eyes flashed a glint of belittling intent. “This is junior brother Li Chenzhou, a freshman of White Deer Academy.”

So he’s a freshman. He must have entered the academy after Ye Qingyu left, because such a handsome person would have left an impression on him. Ye Qingyu suddenly realized something. He felt some sort of familiar feeling with the youngster called Li Chenzhou, but he did not display a reaction, instead smiled and nodded at the youngster.

Li Chenzhou also nodded with a smile spread across his face, his expression very calm.

“Brother Ye, there is a feast organized in the Residence of Heaven’s Will. Please go ahead.” Han Shuanghu smiled.

This person was once the number one of White Deer Academy and looked down upon the entire White Deer Academy. Even when Ye Qingyu was in White Deer Academy, he also could not compete with this senior genius, but now, standing in front of Ye Qingyu, he appeared very respectful and hid away his air of arrogance.

The rest of the noble students were the same.

Only Bai Yuqing, who was known as the most beautiful goddessin White Deer Academy, looked at Ye Qingyu from beginning to end with a complex expression on her face, without saying anything and also without the initiative to greet him. Dressed in a long white dress, she was quietly standing in the crowd, like a forgotten snow lotus flower. For the first time, she experienced the feeling of her own light being shrouded by others.

And the similarly silent people were Qin Wushuang and Jiang Xiaohan.

Once known as the double wall of the first years, Ye Qingyu’s name was now known throughout the Snow Empire, while Qin Wushuang was still an academy student. The gap between them was huge and difficult to calculate. The more there was this sort of occasion, the more Qin Wushuang’s expression was dim. The thought that had been buried in his heart in these days, was like a vine finally breaking the layer of soil to begin to germinate, and to grow wildly.

In Qin Wushuang’s heart, weeds were spreading.

But Jiang Xiaohan’s heart was like pieces of ashes.

She had coldly stood at the door of the Ye Mansion for half a night, but was still as before, unable to receive the eligibility to enter through the door. She was already very clear of Ye Qingyu’s view towards her. All kinds of remorse and anger could not describe his feelings towards her. He was one of the best cards, but was personally smashed by her. Who could she blame but herself?

These days, Jiang Xiaohan also suffered a lot of slander and mockery.

She had no idea which busybody that had vividly spread the relationship between her and Ye Qingyu, including their childhood stories, and also the fact that she later abandoned Ye Qingyu and criticized Ye Qingyu at the entrance examination…

In the past few days, countless people looked at her with a pitying and sympathetic gaze.

The male students that were usually glued to Jiang Xiaohan’s side like her tail, those that treated her like a goddess, one after another disappeared from her side. Even Han Xiaofei had more than once publicly claimed that there was nothing between himself and Jiang Xiaohan, but just that he was a little more familiar with her…

In the past, the so-called achievements and glories that made her proud and conceited, and the sense of superiority like stars surrounding the moon, had all vanished in the twinkling of an eye.

Everyone avoided her like they were fleeing from a snake or a scorpion.

The fame and status that she had worked painstakingly hard to build all these years were wafted away at once like smoke.

And all of this was what she deserved.

Looking at the countless classmates pleasing and surrounding around Song Qingluo to win her favour, what the daughter of the merchant company had originally belonged to her. If she had not abandoned Ye Qingyu, repeatedly belittled him, embarrassed and even framed Ye Qingyu, then perhaps, the entire White Deer Academy——No, the goddess of the whole Deer City would be her, Jiang Xiaohan, right?

Standing at the rear of the crowd, Jiang Xiaohan kept silent.

“Brother Ye, please go in,” Han Shuanghu made an inviting gesture.

On the martial arts path, the first to enter would become the more senior person. Although he entered the school earlier than Ye Qingyu, but now Ye Qingyu’s name had spread across the Snow Empire and his strength was a profound mystery. Han Shuanghu obviously could not call Ye Qingyu a junior brother, so senior brother sounded right.

Ye Qingyu smiled, nodded, and was about to step onto the arch bridge to Residence of Heaven’s Will, when——

“Wait.”

Zhou Guhan, who knitted his brows in a frown all this time, suddenly opened his mouth.

All eyes were cast upon him.

The quiet but proud member of the Poor Society looked up at Ye Qingyu, his eyes flashing with the colour of the sharp point of a sword, as he said in a very serious tone, “Senior brother Ye, forgive Guhan for saying this, but with your identity today, you should not step on this arch bridge into the Residence of Heaven’s Will.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 331:


Chapter 332 - Use you to gain fame

What?

As the words came out, the expressions on the people’s faces around him changed.

“Zhou Guhan, what are you talking about now?” Han Shuanghu’s face was twisted with an embarrassed look. “Usually you are weird and say strange stuff, but when you heard that senior brother Ye would come visit the Academy, you said that you want to meet senior brother Ye. The arrangements for the welcome of senior brother Ye, I already told you before and you had no objection. Why are you causing trouble now?”

“The person with the surname Han, I have no such intention. I just spoke my mind. If I had objected to your plan before, if I had refuted your arrangement, then would I have had the opportunity to stand in front of senior brother Ye and say the words that I want to say?” Zhou Guhan continued with a smile, “I humoured you in order to, under the power and influence of the noble people, fight for a chance to speak. What is wrong with that?”

“You...” Han Shuanghu’s face changed colour, “That’s a bit too despicable.”

“Oh, despicable? Isn’t that what you noble students have been doing?” Zhou Guhan retorted.

Han Shuanghu suddenly changed to the colour of displeasure, about to say something.

Ye Qingyu waved his hand, motioning him not to say it, and then looked at Zhou Guhan. “Junior brother Guhan just say what is on your mind. I also want to know what kind of advice the president of the Poor Society has.”

Zhou Guhan’s face lit up with a positive look, saying, “Senior brother Ye, about the conflict between the noble families and the humble families in the empire, you are aware of it, right?”

“Slightly heard about it.” Ye Qingyu nodded.

“Ever since the Snow Empire dynasty began, the conflict between the nobles and the humble families had never stopped. Us descendants of humble families, generations after generations, have been loyal, shed blood for the empires Human Race, fought many hard battles and achieved notable merits, but those aristocratic families that neglect their duties, how do they treat the people of humble families? Within three years of the start of the Snow Empire, the left minister Jiang Min, who had worked hard and performed a valuable service, was framed and put into prison and the 13 men of the Secretariat that were from humble background were all demoted…”

Zhou Guhan shouted, enumerating the cases of conflict between the noble families and humble families in the history of the Empire.

All of a sudden, the look on everyone’s face did not look too good.

These huge cases had a very bad effect on the history of the Human Race of the Snow Empire, and were like its scars. Even though many years had past, only a few were willing to speak out.

“Shut up,” Han Shuanghu yelled. “Junior brother Zhao, what exactly do you mean? How much do you know about these murder cases? How dare you talk about the empire’s situation like that here? Back then, the empire already had a resolution, even if the humble families suffered hardship they were compensated, you...”

“Oh, compensation? A person’s life, what are the compensations that can recover a person’s life?” Zhoa Guhan smiled coldly. “You nobles, the blood debt you owe is too much, you will never make up for it, not to mention that have you never really repented?”

“Junior brother Zhou’s words are a little too extreme,” Bai Yuqing, who had remained quiet all along, suddenly opened her mouth. “As far as I know, what had happened back then was not entirely the fault of the nobles. The noble families and humble families both made mistakes. The Emperor of the Snow Empire back then demoted the 13 men of the Secretariat because these 13 people were involved in factional activities for personal interests, discussed official businesses with resentment, and disregarded the overall situation of the country. The high rank general Xie Jian died from the evil scheming of these 13 people...”

“Oh, well said, it was you nobles who made a big mistake first, but you do not allow us to counterattack?” Zhou Guhan said with a cold smile. “Killing the high ranking general Xie Jian was just to rid the emperor of evil ministers. Xie Jian deserved it...”

“Rid the emperor of evil ministers? You dare say that?” Bai Yuqing smiled lightly. “The humble families just want to acquire more power and the right to speak in the Empire, no need to splash dirty water on the nobles’ body. The number of despicable things that people of humble background have done is not few. Why must you fish for undeserved fame and compliments?”

“Hah, a woman’s words. Us humble families have worked hard and achieved notable merits for the Human Race and the Empire, what is the problem with acquiring more power?” Zhou Guhan’s face was the colour of contempt. “Compared to the people that neglect their duties yet still hold onto their post and rely on succession to dominate the official circle of the empire, they are much better.”

“You are talking about notable merits, right?” Bai Yuqing’s look also became fierce, evidently enraged by the ‘women’s words’. She said aggressively, “Before the establishment of the Empire, how many high ranking noble military officers had led and fought in battles north and south of the country? After the establishment of the empire, how many noble high-ranking military officer generals had been standing guard at the borders fighting the enemy? How many generals were from humble families? How many noble generals were killed? How many generals from poor families were killed? Nobility was not decided by the heavens, it also relied on them to work hard and fight with their sword and flesh. They performed deeds of valour in battle, then they naturally should gain status and reward. What is wrong with their children inheriting their nobility? Go take a look at the list of heroes issued by the empire over the years and carefully count the numbers. If the number of death of heroes of noble background is 10 times less than that of heroes from humble families, then I, Bai Yuqing, swear to heaven that I will leave my nobility status behind and become a commoner this life, and be a poor person in all my lives. Zhao Guahan, do you dare?”

This remark was like administering an attack with a sword.

In the air, there was the atmosphere of a battlefield that was brewing.

“You...” There was no way Zhou Guhan could refute. The heroes list of the empire is as Bai Yuqing had said, the number of death of nobles was 10 times more than that of people from humble families——of course, this does not refer to ordinary soldiers. He said coldly, “All people are equal, if the ordinary people who sacrificed their life for the country could be on the Empire’s Heroes list, the number of people from humble families would be far greater than that of nobles by far.”

“Hah, can’t say anything, so you change your meaning?” Bai Yuqing disdainfully smiled. “Ordinary people are of humble background? It can only be said that your face is too big, you think that you’re speaking on behalf of others, but the ordinary civilians? They may not think so. They are not crazy people that fight each other for power and self gain, but they want to defend the dignity of the Empire and the Human Race...”

“I just said what’s on my mind.” Facing the beautiful senior sister, Zhou Guhan did not budge an inch. Today was the day that Marquis Ye came to visit White Deer Academy, and so many people have gathered from all sides. It was definitely a good opportunity for him to make his view public. Zhou Guhan had prepared for too long for this day, so he certainly would not miss this chance. Loudly, he said, “In the current Snow Empire, who does not know that the Right Minister, who is of noble birth, controls the affairs of the state and persecutes virtuous people...”

“Right Minister is the Right Minister, nobles are nobles. Junior brother Zhou has been pestering on this subject, are you not tired? The Right Minister does not represent all nobles, just like you can’t represent the whole population of humble background. As far as I know, the Left Minister Zhou Ru back then also did the same thing as the Right Minister?” Bai Yuqing asked.

Neither of them was prepared to budge an inch, fiercely refuting each other.

Han Shuanghu and the other people could not add any words in between their argument.

The crowd was amazed that Bai Yuqing was suddenly so fierce and sharp today. In the past, the goddess of the academy was always quiet and cold, and she was never involved in even the hottest topics of the Academy. Why was she like another person today, and her words were like blades, refuting Zhao Guhan, who was usually the most eloquent, to the point that he couldn’t open his mouth.

Ye Qingyu was watching calmly at the side.

The occurrence of this scene was beyond his expectation, but seemed to be reasonable at the same time.

The conflict between the nobles and poor families had a long history.

One of the best academies in the empire, White Deer Academy, was also involved in it despite the fact it was declining. Back then, when Ye Qingyu gained fame in White Deer Academy, he had also experienced the great waves from this conflict. At that time, because of Song Xiaojun’s matters, he was dispirited. At the same time, to avoid this pointless infighting, he went to Youyan Pass.

He didn’t expect that after one year, he was once again unavoidably involved in such a conflict.

“This little fellow seems to be looking for a chance to be famous. He wants to be a fanatic intellectual, he has wild ambition...” a familiar voice came from behind Ye Qingyu.

Startled, Ye Qingyu twisted around to take a look.

A handsome man with long sky-blue hair and a languid demeanour appeared behind him, chewing a grass stalk in his mouth. He displayed a playful attitude and was casually dressed with stubble around his mouth.

Blue Sky.

This guy finally showed up.

Seeing the expression on Ye Qingyu’s eyes, Blue Sky smiled, saying, “Junior brother Ye, long time no see.”

Ye Qingyu was overpowered by his demeanor. “Some days ago, didn’t we seen each other at the Formation Palace? It’s only been a few days.”

“Well, now that you said that, I do remember. The one chosen by the heavens, how remarkable. You ignored me and pretended not to know me, you really don’t have a conscience. Don’t forget that it was me who led you the first time you went out for training,” Blue Sky spat out the stalk in his mouth and said causally.

Ye Qingyu grumbled, “Who was it that kept winking, desperately signalling me to pretend that I don’t know you? If I had not misinterpreted the meaning, the expression of your face squeezing together should have meant that, right.”

“At that time, I just did not want to be remembered,” Blue Sky said cheerfully. “You, Marquis Ye, need the world to tremble at the mention of your name, while I, Blue Sky just want to live a life of ease and leisure in White Deer Academy, sitting around waiting to die. If someone remembered my name, there would most likely be trouble later.”

“Is it just that simple?” Ye Qingyu said in a sceptical tone, “Why do I feel that your expression at that time was like a weasel stealing a chicken, an expression of being afraid of being caught.”

“You must have got it wrong,” Blue Sky said in an upright tone.

These two people’s strength were far beyond the level of the people around them. The other people could not hear their dialogue at all. The people’s gaze were instead fixed on the battle of words between Bai Yuqing, who had a change in personality, and Zhou Guhan.

“The conflict between the nobles and the poor, when will it be over,” Ye Qingyu lamented.

“Knowing that there’s trouble, you still came to the academy. You deserve such a conundrum,” Blue Sky said in a tone as though he rejoices in other people’s misfortune. “This Zhao Guhan, his background is not simple. I underestimated him, six months ago, he suddenly came and very quickly gathered all the students of the Academy from humble families, and very soon they would form an united force. His mind went wild one day, and because you came here today, it has given him the opportunity to rise to fame.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 332:


Ye Qingyu understood what Blue Sky meant, lightly nodding his head.

In truth, Ye Qingyu did not have too much adverse or familiar feelings towards the poor or the nobles. What he felt averse to was such despicable and shameless internal struggles between the poor and the noble for power. The situation of the Human Race was precarious as it was, and it was currently in a downturn. Even if they united together, it would be difficult to struggle against all the other races. When it was splintered like so, it was most likely that sooner or later, the Human Race would turn into the slaves of the other races.

When Ye Qingyu was the White Deer Academy, he did not show the slightest of mercy towards the provocation of the nobility. As for the plots and schemes of the poor, he was also merciless. In the eyes of other people, he was a person who always acted alone. In the end, no matter whether it was the poor or the nobility, none of them took further action towards him to bring him to their sides.

If one was to discuss Ye Qingyu's background, he possessed the heroic military badge, but his family had fallen. He had lived like a beggar in the cemetery for four years. Although he was not of the nobility, but to say that he was a commoner was also not quite right. After all, the Ye family could once be counted as a well-off family, and once possessed many properties within Deer City. Furthermore, Ye Qingyu's mother had also secretly created a Two River Gang, so he could even more not be classified as part of the poor.

Just now, when Bai Yuqing and Zhou Guhan were exchanging words, there was a phrase they used that attracted Ye Qingyu's attention.

Commoner.

Thats right, Ye Qingyu felt that he was a commoner.

A commoner of the Human Race.

Since everyone was a commoner, why must they distinguish between the poor and the nobility?

Ye Qingyu did not understand the reasoning behind the policies of the Snow Empire ever since it was founded.

But one could be sure, the Imperial family of Snow Empire played a huge part in causing the struggle between the poor and the nobility by their intentional incitement and division. As the ruling class, the Imperial family seemed delighted to see two forces struggling against each other like so.

In front of the bridge.

Every word of Bai Yuqing was like a blade humming, pressuring towards people. A powerful aura and atmosphere suffocated everyone, making everyone's heart palpitate.

Zhou Guhan did not show weakness, arguing once again. He constantly changed the focal point of his argument, standing his ground against such a powerful aura.

Originally, this was a celebration that was meant to welcome Ye Qingyu to the academy. However, it turned into a battle of words. It was a result no one expected. Furthermore, the conflict between the two was exhilarating, it attracted the attention of the surrounding people.

Han Shuangfu was somewhat angry in his heart. He paid careful attention to Ye Qingyu's expression.

One must know, this meeting of classmates was not as simple as it seemed on the surface.

Han Shuangfu had a mission

He was the representative of the group of nobles in White Deer Academy, and the Han family was one of the major families in Deer City. They had a certain influence in the entire Empire. Ever since arriving in Deer City, Ye Qingyu had absolutely not interacted with any noble families. Therefore, there were naturally people who wanted to use the connection between classmates, to obtain the good feeling of the newly promoted Military nobility from the younger generation. This was a devious strategy.

It was not only Han Shuangfu. Even Qin Wushuang, Han Xiaofei, Zhouyu had received the instructions of their parents, to make connections with Ye Qingyu.

A third class Marquis was not that important within the Empire.

But a sixteen-year-old military Marquis, a third class Marquis that was treated as a shining example in the entire army, a sixteen-year-old whose cultivation was enough to kill Zhao Shanhe and force Li Qiushui to die, was absolutely exceptional. His potential was limitless.

Such a character was someone both the nobles and the poor wanted to bring into their faction.

And because of Ye Qingyu's background, both the poor and the nobles were able to see some hope of dragging him into their faction.

Han Shuangfu and the others had painstakingly arranged a meeting, but who would have thought that Zhou Guhan would use this opportunity for his own gain.

But seeing Ye Qingyu's expression remaining calm throughout, Han Shuangfu and the others let out a relaxed breath.

Looking at the argument between Bai Yuqing and Zhou Guhan, Ye Qingyu sighed in his heart. Without question, the name of Zhou Guhan would quickly spread around after today. There were so many people present, there would definitely be people who would talk about the contents of this debate. Zhou Guhan would be treated as the representative of the poor in Deer City, and attract the attention of all parties.

Bai Yuqing was also somewhat rash.

Every word that she said was organized and logical, and was well-evidenced. Therefore in this debate, she pressured over Zhou Guhan, and exhibited the aura of the number one goddess of White Deer Academy. It made everyone impressed. But namely because of the fact that the words she said were too organized, they could not escape this debate.

Bai Yuqing was a noble. Of the Snow Empire of today, the noble faction was controlled by the Right Minister. They had significant power, and their status was stable. In such a debate, the noble Bai Yuqing raised issues that the Right Minister has failed in. There was a hint of opposition held within the Right Minister's words. Such a position had already diverged from the beliefs of the Right Minster.

One could imagine that the contents of today's debate would be spread about. For Bai Yuqing, this was not a good matter at all.

Bai Yuqing would win this debate.

But she would lose to matters outside of this debate.

Perhaps this was something that Zhou Guhan expected.

Ye Qingyu was somewhat curious. With Bai Yuqing's intelligence, there was no way she would not realize. Her performance today was out of the ordinary.

Looking at the Zhou Guhan who had a smile curling at the corner of his mouth, Ye Qingyu was somewhat annoyed.

His gaze suddenly fell on the youth called Li Chenzhou

He was also a youth that came from the poor, but he was not like his comrades of the Poor Society, tensely following the debate and would intercept with a phrase or two to demonstrate they still existed. In fact, he was yawning tiredly, his eyes closing, an appearance of someone about to fall asleep.

From the outside, Li Chenzhou had no interest towards the debate that attracted countless people's attention.

This Li Chenzhou was different from Zhou Guhan.

A thought occurred to Ye Qingyu. With a smile, "What's this, doesn't junior brother Li want to add anything to this debate?"

Since Marquis Ye spoke, the debate between Bai Yuqing and Zhou Guhan abruptly stopped.

At this time, everyone's gaze focused on Ye Qingyu and Li Chenzhou.

"Eh? What?" Li Chenzhou shook himself and opened his eyes in confusion. He subconsciously wiped away some drool from the corner of his mouth, his face completely lost. After stuttering for a few seconds, "What? You're speaking to me? What's happening..."

He really had fallen asleep while standing right now.

Ye Qingyu instantly added the word 'eccentric' in his evaluation of Li Chenzhou

The other people nearly had a speechless expression.

Those who were familiar with Li Chenzhou’s actions quickly began laughing.

Ever since Ye Qingyu left White Deer Academy, there had been several geniuses and weird people that had arrived in White Deer Academy in these past days. Li Chenzhou, was namely one of them. There were even many people who referred to him as the second Ye Qingyu.

Because he was the same as Ye Qingyu. Not only was his talent and strength exceptional, his personality was also strange.

But Li Chenzhou's strangeness was different from the loner-like attitude of Ye Qingyu.

This strangeness of this fellow, in summary, was that he fell asleep far too easily. In a day, he spent two thirds of it sleeping. He slept while he was in class, he slept while he was cultivating, and he would also sleep when they were outside training and practicing. it was even that he would be able to sleep when he was fighting in the arena.

Therefore people called him the [Sleeping Deity] Li Chenzhou.

It was only that they did not imagine that this fellow would even be able to sleep in front of the Marquis, Ye Qingyu.

Zhou Guhan's lips twitched at seeing this scene.

If not for the fact that Li Chenzhou came from a poor background, and had huge potential and influence amongst the students, Zhou Guhan would not have wanted to add him to his faction. Therefore, he had brought him to participate in the matters today. It was only that they did not imagine... why was he so unreliable.

Ye Qingyu felt amused. He repeated what he had just said.

Li Chenzhou pretended he was incomparably alert, but could not help but let out another yawn. Then he said, "I don't even know what's being said. Arguing is so tiring, and there's no point in arguing back and forth. Why don't everyone lie down and take a nap. When everyone has slept, everyone's mood will definitely improve, and they won't argue anymore... Life is meant to be enjoyed…"

Ye Qingyu had lines running through his face.

Why were there so many weird people around him?

"Senior brother Ye, such a debate will never end. If this continues on, no conclusion will be reached. Why don't you first enter into the Residence of Heaven's Will and have a seat and converse there," Han Shuangfu said tentatively.

Zhou Guhan contradicted him, "These words are wrong. Senior brother Ye also came from the poor. According to what I know, the Residence of Heaven's Will does not allow students of the poor to enter. I think that senior brother Ye will definitely not lower himself to enter such a place." As he said this, he looked towards Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu smiled, "It seems like junior brother Zhao will definitely not allow me to enter into the Residence of Heaven's Will today?"

Zhou Guhan shivered, then quickly lowered his head. "I don't dare. I am only using my identity as a student of the poor, to plead with senior brother Ye to protect the dignity and pride of the poor. As someone of the poor, we are upright people with pride and we will never lower our heads to the noble or the rich. Senior brother Ye's success today was something you fought for with your blade. Why must you lower your head towards the nobles after climbing by yourself to such a height? If such a matter was spread out, it would most likely invite the laughter of the entire world."

"You... Zhou Guhan, just what do you mean?" Han Shuangfu was enraged.

Zhou Guhan did not even pay him a glance

Ye Qingyu's gaze was as sharp as lightning, as it fell on Zhou Guhan's face.

Zhou Guhan had fear on his face, but he bit his teeth. Cold sweat dripped down his forehead. He was not willing to retreat in the slightest.

"Junior brother Zhou, your heart may be too narrow. This time, it is only a simple meeting between students, how could it invite the laughter of the entire world? According to what junior brother Zhou previously said, the people of the entire world are in a precarious situation that needs to be saved by you. Just where would they have the energy to pay attention and laugh at such a small matter?”Ye Qingyu said calmly.

Zhou Guhan bit his teeth. "Senior brother Ye, you mispoke. Although the people of the entire world are engrossed in their own problems, but they will still pay attention to justice and righteousness. right now, this is the righteousness of the entire world, how could it be a small matter. Please rethink Senior brother Ye."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

