Chapter 1349:


Chapter 1362 - Jiang Xiaohan's Farewell

The entire battlefield seemed to become sealed by this mysterious power.

Ye Qingyu looked in shock at Jiang Xiaohan.

"The double sealing of time and space, this kind of power..." He was somewhat puzzled about how Jiang Xiaohan came to possess such power, for it was certainly not something she should have. It must be known that although his power was also sufficient to seal time and space, he would not have been able to simultaneously seal the three King of Sovereigns-level experts of this space-time dimension.

This was verging on Eternal power already.

Jiang Xiaohan certainly hasn't attained the Eternity Realm, so how is she able to do this?

Without the arousal of the guzheng music of the Wisp God of Consciousness, Ye Qingyu's divine consciousness finally became clear again. With his will as firm as divine steel, he operated a cultivation technique to dispel all of the black inner demon fog that he had been beleaguered by. At the same time, he suppressed all of the inner demon power within himself.

He could finally muster his power once again.

However, he knew full well that the inner demons were only suppressed for the time being.

As soon as the Wisp God of Consciousness broke though the sealing of time and space and played the guzheng music to stir up the power of the inner demons once more, the inner demons would burst out, with no possibility of him offering any resistance. He would then become plagued by those inner demons even faster than the first time he heard the music.

There was a gleam sparkling in his eyes.

He tried taking this opportunity to kill the sealed King of Destruction, Abandoned Fiendgod, and Wisp God of Consciousness, but quickly realized that this was impossible, for the area they were in was completely sealed, and the space-time dimension was in a state of quiescence, such that any form of power that entered this area would also become sealed.

There was no way he could enter this area.

"Can you still refuse now?" With a ghastly pale countenance, Jiang Xiaohan's figure shook, resembling a sorrowful and drunken person as she looked at Ye Qingyu with a victorious expression in her eyes. "Can you refuse my help? Hahaha, come, say that you refuse one more time."

Ye Qingyu looked back at her.

He finally felt that Jiang Xiaohan's vitality was gradually diminishing.

With every moment of time that passed, a layer of Jiang Xiaohan's origin source dissipated.

This kind of dissipation was not just a diminishing of vitality but more so of the soul.

When all of her foundation and soul had completely dissipated and depleted, it would mean that she would truly depart from her body and disappear entirely from this world, with no possibility of ever reincarnating or resurrecting.

She was using the life soul foundation of the All Energy-Absorption Body to enable the sealing of the three King of Sovereigns-level experts.

The seals were temporary.

"Why do you have to do this?" Ye Qingyu's heart suddenly quivered a little.

Ever since that betrayal and abandonment during his youth, he had never properly understood this childhood playmate again. Ignoring the fact that Jiang Xiaohan had secretly plotted against him and committed despicable deeds time after time, Ye Qingyu suddenly realized that there was an instinctive aversion and detest toward her in the depths of his heart.

"Why?" With a ghastly-pale face and a trembling figure, Jiang Xiaohan looked like she would collapse at any time. Smiling wanly, she replied, "Killing you will only prove that I'm a little stronger than you, but rescuing you will prove that I'm much, much stronger than you. Hoho, don't you think that leaving you with no choice but to accept my kindness would imply that you've finally yielded to me?"

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh.

Wobbling, Jiang Xiaohan staggered forward and continued, "Look, I've done everything I wished to. I've put you in a killing ploy, and can kill you or dismantle the ploy at any time. Now that I intend to rescue you, you have no choice but to accept it. Hohoho, I've ultimately won. Ye Qingyu, I've beaten you in the end. Do you admit defeat? Yes or no?"

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, sighing.

"That's right, you've won."

These words came from within.

He had to admit that, unlike the previous two occasions, he could not refuse Jiang Xiaohan's kindness this time.

"Hahaha, hahahahaha..." Hearing this, Jiang Xiaohan guffawed maniacally.

While staggering in the void, she laughed so hard that tears fell.

"You've finally admitted..." Pointing at Ye Qingyu, she laughed while wiping away the tears. However, the sound of her laughter began to deteriorate until it turned hoarse and became a sobbing sound, and eventually a grieving, painful wail.

The grief contained in this wail caused anyone who heard it to shed tears.

Beneath the [Cloud Top Cauldron] in the distance, Song Xiaojun, Wen Wan, and the others watched this scene with astonishment.

Even the people who had hated this woman previously were greatly moved by this wailing noise. Everyone felt an ache in their heart as they looked at this woman in a red dress, who brought to mind a ball of flame among wild winds that could extinguish at any time.

Her breath became ever weaker as she cried.

Like duckweed floating on water, she staggered until she could no longer support her own body and collapsed toward Ye Qingyu, feeble like never before.

After a brief hesitation, Ye Qingyu reached out a hand to hold her.

He felt a frosty sensation, as if he was holding on to an ice statue.

Taken aback, Jiang Xiaohan revealed a disbelieving expression on her face as she raised her head to look at Ye Qingyu. She had never been so near to him, such that she could clearly see his fine black eyelashes.

"To think that the mistakes I made during my youth are so difficult to forgive..." She spoke in a faint voice.

Had it not been for her abandonment back then, these pair of arms would certainly have been hers forever.

As the saying went, one misstep can lead to eternal regret, and it would be too late by the time one realizes it.

She laughed miserably.

"I can only seal them for two hours. Good luck finding a solution during this time..." Jiang Xiaohan's voice became tender, in keeping with the saying that people are most honest and good willed on their deathbeds.

Subsequently, before Ye Qingyu could say anything, she continued, "Actually, I didn't bring them here. Instead, it was they who came to find me. My All Energy-Absorption Body has a fatal attraction on the God of Consciousness... Hoho, I'm innately a woman of unsurpassed beauty and elegance. You're the only person in this world who would discard me like a pair of broken shoes. Except for you, who wouldn't be enchanted by me? Do you believe that?"

She was at death's door as she spoke.

The fire of her life was about to extinguish.

Ye Qingyu nodded. "I believe you."

Jiang Xiaohan's fate was not much different from that of the Sky Emperor back then.

They were both the chosen ones, and were no match for their King of Sovereigns-level opponents.

From the moment they were chosen, their fates were no longer up to themselves.

This was their shared tragedy.

The King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod had dreaded Jiang Xiaohan because of the Wisp God of Consciousness, which... Although the true form of the Wisp God of Consciousness was unknown, it had most evidently become enchanted by Jiang Xiaohan's beauty. Perhaps, the All Energy-Absorption Body had a natural attraction on such a life form.

It took Ye Qingyu a mere instant to figure out a great deal.

A heart-wrenching yet beautiful and pure smile appeared faintly on Jiang Xiaohan's pale and snow-white face.

Getting on to her feet with a slight struggle, she leaned toward Ye Qingyu's ear and said in a feeble voice, "One more thing. Although I've used my beauty to seduce people so as to steal their cultivation techniques, make them serve me willingly, and perfect the All Energy-Absorption Body, I've never truly given of myself to anyone. That was all just a form of spiritual sorcery... Do you believe that?"

There was a sadness in Ye Qingyu's heart as he nodded. "I believe you."

The smile on Jiang Xiaohan's face grew. "You aren't lying, right?"

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

Jiang Xiaohan's smile gradually became fixed on her face.

"Back then, I simply wanted to use my departure to provoke you into making progress. However, for some reason, I started to become envious of you when you truly advanced and gained prominence. I used all kinds of laughable and deplorable means to make you notice me, but they only pushed you further away... Hohoho, loving a person is really so difficult. I was never able to make out and comprehend this riddle and this bottleneck despite possessing the All Energy-Absorption Body. Love, what exactly is it? Farewell, my elder brother Qingyu!"

Her final words lingered beside Ye Qingyu's ear.

Every word she spoke pounded on Ye Qingyu's heart like a giant hammer.

Past events in Deer City before he was fourteen years old suddenly swept across his vision at lightning speed, like the pages of a dust-covered book being flipped through by the wind.

Those images that he thought he had completely forgotten reappeared and then dissipated.

A teardrop fell from the corner of his eye and landed on Jiang Xiaohan's completely ice-cold body.

The All Energy-Absorption Body had granted her a constitution of countless mysteries and possibilities, yet she ultimately burned everything for his sake.

Patter!

Tears fell.

Amid a shifting silver glow, Jiang Xiaohan's body turned into a rain of light and dissipated among Ye Qingyu's embrace.

Ye Qingyu's arms gave an instinctive hug but could not hold on to anything.

The silver rain of light turned into the final energy that remained locked in the void to maintain the sealing of the three King of Sovereigns-level experts. As Jiang Xiaohan had said, this seal would last for two hours, after which its power would dissipate and the three King of Sovereigns would return, causing the resumption of danger.

Loving a person is really so difficult.

These emotional words, which Jiang Xiaohan had used her life to utter, resounded in everyone's heart.

She had also used her life to prove these words.

Fate had played a joke and set off a series of tragedies.

Ye Qingyu could not describe his current feelings.

I couldn't understand a girl's mind when I was young. Maybe I would be able to if it was now instead?

Unfortunately, even if time could be reversed, Jiang Xiaohan could not be brought back to life, for her soul had completely burned up and dissipated among this world, turning into the greatest power without leaving any room for herself at all.

"Destiny is making a fool of us..."

All of his complicated feelings culminated in a sigh.

He knew that the fight was not over.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1350:


Chapter 1363 - Bidding Farewell to Oneself

The silver rain of light dissipated between heaven and earth.

From this moment on, the world no longer had Jiang Xiaohan.

While sobbing, Ye Qingyu had no choice but to focus on dealing with the present situation, for the danger had not yet passed.

To seal the three King of Sovereigns for a mere two hours, Jiang Xiaohan had sacrificed her life and soul, using the All Energy-Absorption Body as a medium.

When the time elapsed and the seal wore off, Ye Qingyu and the others would find themselves in a death trap again. In particular, given that inner demons had already been planted inside Ye Qingyu, he would have no chance of victory once the Wisp God of Consciousness woke up.

With a jolt of his body, he arrived beneath the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Song Xiaojun rushed into his arms.

The silly dog Little Nine, too, dashed up to him excitedly.

"To have the strength for battle, you'll need to dispel your inner demons." Great Emperor Xiaofei discerned the crux of the matter.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

He had absolutely not thought about the matter of the inner demons at first. He had believed that he would not inherit the Divine Light Emperor's inner demons of homesickness as long as he did not incorporate the power from the body left behind by the latter. This, however, was not the case, thus placing him in a most passive position.

He tried borrowing the power of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to dispel the inner demons.

But he soon discovered that this had no effect.

As formidable as the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was, it simply did not have much of an inhibiting effect on the inner demons.

Ye Qingyu held a discussion with the group.

Time slipped by second after second, minute after minute.

There was not much time left for the group.

"The inner demons in Your Highness are inherited from His Highness the Divine Light Emperor. Even if we dispel them now, the three King of Sovereigns will remain able to jointly re-arouse them upon waking up. Therefore, the idea of dispelling these inner demons is akin to treating the symptoms but not the causes." Great Emperor Xiaofei frowned.

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu nodded in agreement.

This is indeed so.

"To dispel the inner demons, we have to start from the source. As long as we can dispel the inner demons of the Divine Light Emperor, Your Highness will be able to dispel your own inner demons," the million-year-old soul said.

This suggestion received the endorsement of the group.

However, who knew how difficult it would be to dispel the Divine Light Emperor's inner demons?

Back when the Divine Light Emperor was at his peak, he was unable to get rid of them in spite of his great talents. Hence, how could his present-day descendant help him to do so?

"Homesick.... homesick..." Ye Qingyu focused his mind on this word.

Lying on his shoulder, the silly dog Little Nine listened for a while before suggesting, "Why not send him home if he's homesick? Won't he stop thinking about home after returning?"

"What nonsense, how can we send him back?" Old Fish's eyes widened. "The reincarnation of the Divine Light Emperor is none other than Little Ye Qingyu. Which one of us is capable of fighting against the three King of Sovereigns if we send Little Ye Qingyu back? When the time comes, the Vast Thousand Star Domains will still die."

Conversely, Ye Qingyu's eyes lit up. "That's not for sure. This plan might yet work..." This was because he had become aware that though he was the reincarnation of the Divine Light Emperor, the latter had left behind a physical body that was composed of the power, wisdom, memory, and sentiment of the past 107 incarnations. If he could send this body to the Divine Light Emperor's hometown, perhaps the latter's inner demons of homesickness would be dispelled.

He voiced this idea out loud.

"That's possible." Great Emperor Xiaofei nodded to approve of Ye Qingyu's view.

After careful consideration, Empress Shui Xiu, Ximen Yeshui, and the others also felt that this was certainly a workable method.

The so-called inner demons were akin to an obsession, which affected one's mind when it became too strong. By satisfying this obsession, the inner demons could be dispelled. As the previous 107 incarnations of the Divine Light Emperor were equivalent to the Divine Light Emperor himself, the inner demons could certainly be dispelled by sending them back to his hometown.

"But, who knows where the hometown of His Highness the Divine Light Emperor is?" Liu Shaji, who had remained silent all this time, questioned.

Everyone's gaze fell upon Ye Qingyu.

As the last incarnation of the Divine Light Emperor, he was the only person in this world who could possibly know this secret.

However, Ye Qingyu shook his head.

"I haven't incorporated the memory of His Highness, so..." He felt a bad headache.

A paradox had arisen.

Without fusing with that physical body, he would not be able to obtain the memory of the Divine Light Emperor and find out where the latter's supposed hometown was. However, if he fused with the body to obtain the memory and find out the location of the hometown, he would not have a body to send back, and thus it would be of no use.

After thinking long and hard, the group became restless.

The matter seemed to have reached yet another impasse.

Time slipped by second after second, minute after minute.

With less than thirty minutes before the three King of Sovereigns woke up, Wen Wan's eyes suddenly lit up. "This... perhaps I know a few clues."

Everyone's attention fell upon him at once.

He summoned three bright pearls from within his body.

"Your Highness, do you still remember these three bright pearls?" he asked.

On careful observation, Ye Qingyu noticed that among the three bright pearls, one was giving off a scorching hot aura and was reddish in color, another was giving off an ice-cold aura and was dark gray in color, while the last one was as smooth and moist as the skin of a beautiful woman. They were extremely peculiar and were certainly no ordinary pearls. As a beam of light flashed across his mind, he immediately recalled that he had extracted them from the abdomen of the old golden clam which discovered the bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

Because he did not understand the value of these pearls back then, he had handed them to Wen Wan for evaluation.

Later on, because Wen Wan never mentioned them again, he believed that the former had sold them for noodle money, and so he never asked about them. Three pearls were no big deal after all.

It turned out that Wen Wan had actually been keeping them all this time.

"These pearls..." Ye Qingyu looked at Wen Wan.

Gnashing his teeth, the latter said, "Like the bronze book, these three bright pearls are also things left behind by His Highness the Divine Light Emperor. They were passed to Your Highness using methods that seem coincidental. However, they aren't cultivation items, but have some other uses instead..."

"Other uses?" Ye Qingyu was surprised.

It seems like Wen Wan has been hiding something from me.

"Back then, it was precisely to seize the Sea Eye of the Cloudy Clear Sea that the Divine Light Emperor's army conquered the Cloudy Clear Sea. It's said that this Sea Eye can travel through time and space, bringing a person whenever they want to go. The Divine Light Emperor had hoped to use this Sea Eye to return to his hometown, but unfortunately, the Divine Light Court became greatly divided on the day of conquest. The betrayal of the Sky Emperor altered the trajectory of destiny..." Wen Wan sighed as he spoke. "Your Highness should know about all this by now."

Ye Qingyu nodded.

Wen Wan continued, "But Your Highness probably doesn't know that the Sky Emperor actually found the legendary Sea Eye after conquering the Cloudy Clear Sea. For the sake of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, however, he didn't use the power of the Sea Eye to travel away through time and space, and instead decided to remain behind. He hoped to rid this world of danger before returning to his hometown, and so he divided the power of the Sea Eye into three smelted pearls, which are what I'm holding right now."

What?

There's actually such a secret?

Ye Qingyu was somewhat shocked.

The others also looked with great surprise at Wen Wan, while even Gao Diping revealed an astonished expression. Most evidently, none of the other Divine Generals knew about this.

Wen Wan looked rather ashamed. "According to His Highness the Divine Light Emperor, these three bright pearls represent temporal dimensions, spatial dimensions, and specific coordinates respectively. By making use of them, one can fix in the place one wants to go to. He hoped that after settling the trouble in the Vast Thousand Star Domains, he can use the power of these pearls to return to his hometown. This is why they were delivered into Your Highness' hands together with the bronze book. I didn't know their value when you passed them to me at first, but after my reincarnation ended and the memory of every incarnation was recovered, I began to understand these things. The reason I didn't return them to you is because I could tell that Your Highness wouldn't want to return to that hometown before incorporating the memories of the Divine Light Emperor, and besides..."

His voice became rather hesitant when he spoke to this point, but he eventually continued, "And besides, like the Sky Emperor, I don't wish for His Highness the Divine Light Emperor to really go back. After all... this place is also his home."

Ye Qingyu was instantly enlightened.

He finally understood everything.

Only this kind of explanation made sense.

After the phenomenally-talented Divine Light Emperor had just about completed all arrangements for reincarnation, it was impossible that he did not make arrangements for dispelling his inner demons and fulfilling his ardent wish of returning to his hometown.

"Time is pressing. Summon the power of the bright pearls and open the trans-space-time passageway immediately to send the Divine Light Emperor back to his hometown."

Ye Qingyu received the three bright pearls.

By examining them briefly, he quickly discovered the meaning within. He then used the mysterious formation technique of the 108 ancient characters to work them up and injected his power of control into them.

The three pearls gradually floated upward and formed a triangular formation in the void. They each gave off a splendor as they linked with one another and eventually formed a huge dull-blue-colored elliptic gate with dull blue flames spinning around it like an oceanic whirlpool. Much like a Sea Eye, this huge gate led to somewhere unknown.

On the other side of the gate was none other than the hometown of the Divine Light Emperor.

With a thought, Ye Qingyu summoned the physical body in which was gathered the 107 incarnations of the Divine Light Emperor.

"Your Highness, please return to your hometown," Ye Qingyu proclaimed.

The physical body opened its eyes and became alive.

"This day has finally arrived." He sighed and spoke in a most vicissitudinous voice.

"Your Highness!"

"Greetings, Your Highness!"

Wen Wan, Gao Diping, Wang Lijin, Divine General Gong, Divine General Zhi, and the others began to tear involuntarily upon hearing this familiar voice.

Myriad years had gone by. After experiencing the vicissitudes of the human world and witnessing countless reincarnations, they finally got to hear this voice and see the invincible figure who once led them to uninterrupted triumphs come back to life again.

"Stand up. These years have been tough on you all." The body sighed. "The present me is nothing more than a wisp of a wandering soul that's unwilling to dissipate, wishing to go home..." He raised his head to look at Ye Qingyu, seeming relieved and satisfied, saying, "You and I shall part today. Henceforth, you are yourself and I am myself. We shall no longer have any contact, and you shall no longer be my reincarnation."

With complicated feelings in his heart, Ye Qingyu nodded.

The body added, "Only by breaking free of one's main body does one count as a true self. Among my 107 incarnations, you're the only one who has made this choice... I was originally an outsider who unintentionally intruded into this world, changed the course of history, and obtained the power of this world. Now, it's time for me to leave. These things have to be returned to you."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1351:


Chapter 1364 - Leaving

One could easily guess how valuable the things mentioned by the physical body of the Divine Light Emperor were.

He had gained power, wisdom, and way too many other things from the Vast Thousand Star Domains, such that even a King of Sovereigns-level being would be envious of this kind of fortune.

However, Ye Qingyu shook his head. "I have already gained enough. Your Highness, why don't you bring this power and wisdom back to your hometown?"

The body shook its head. "As the saying goes, one comes to this world naked, and will leave naked too. I came here with nothing and shall leave with nothing too. The only purpose of returning to my hometown is to see the people and things I know and get rid of my inner obsession." He wanted to return to his hometown in the same state that he left in, rather than with a different face and identity.

He then added, "Besides, if I bring these things with me, your innate self will never attain perfection despite the fact that you've perfected the King of Sovereigns realm. This is because you've gained the fate of the Underworld Star Domain yet were born in the Vast Thousand Star Domains. Though it's indeed rare to see a combination of the fates of two star domains, borrowing the power of a foreign domain before attaining the King of Sovereigns realm has left flaws in your cultivation. If the Four Symbols of the Heavenly Dao cannot attain perfection, myriad star domains will turn into ashes when the time comes, and everything will be nothing more than a dream."

Ye Qingyu's heart trembled when he heard this.

He had heard the words "Four Symbols of the Heavenly Dao" when watching the battle of the Divine Light Court in Lan Tian's physical memory.

However, they were not spoken by the Divine Light Emperor but two other mysterious youths instead.

These two youths could be considered supreme, and had left an especially deep impression on Ye Qingyu.

Back then, when the Vast Thousand Star Domains had fallen into absolute peril, the coming of the projections of several King of Sovereigns did not faze the Divine Light Emperor at all. Instead, it was the appearance of these two young supreme beings that terrified the Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction.

Ye Qingyu recalled that these two young supreme beings were called the Sword-Saber Divine Emperor and the Emperor of Azeroth.

At that time, they scared the King of Destruction off just by saying a few words, indicating that their strength and cultivation were probably superior to the latter's. Over the years, Ye Qingyu had never forgotten about them. He was terrified by their great strength and worried about their alignment. After all, as such world-shocking beings, it would be an irreparable catastrophe should they ever be covetous of the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

Unexpectedly, the words "Four Symbols of the Heavenly Dao" were instead uttered from the mouth of the Divine Light Emperor's physical body on this day.

Ye Qingyu immediately realized that there were yet more secrets he did not know about hidden in this world.

"What are the Four Symbols of the Heavenly Dao?" he asked.

"Heavenly Dao is variable and separated into symbols. The Heavenly Dao of uprightness is separated into four symbols, which can defy heaven when combined." The body looked at Ye Qingyu. "The Sword-Saber Divine Emperor is one symbol, while the Emperor of Azeroth is another. You should already know about them."

Oh.

Ye Qingyu was instantly enlightened.

It turned out that this was what the Four Symbols of the Heavenly Dao were about. The two mysterious and powerful youths constituted two of them.

"How about the other two symbols?" Ye Qingyu questioned further.

The body smiled. "One is half-formed, while the other is yet unborn."

Taken by surprise, Ye Qingyu tried hard to figure out the meaning of this.

However, the body continued, "Everything will make sense after you've perfected enough realms. There's not much time left..." It looked at the others and finally set its eyes on Little Nine the silly dog, before shaking its head and saying, "You cannot gain Dao in this life. Why don't you follow me to undergo reincarnation and then come back?"

"Woof, what are you saying, you..." Little Nine, who had always thought most highly of itself and was not afraid of anyone except its owner, abruptly leaped up as if its tail had been stepped on. "How do you know.... what nonsense... you... you actually want to abduct me? You must have an ulterior motive."

"It's just a suggestion. Think about it yourself. You won't have another opportunity if you miss this one," the body replied. "You should know full well that you cannot return to your ancestral roots or gain Dao in this life."

With that, the body swept its gaze across everyone once more until it spotted Old Fish. "Are you willing to follow me back?"

The latter laughed as his eyes spinned wildly, revealing a doubtful expression. Though it was unclear what he was thinking about, he did not turn down the body directly. Clearly, he was hiding something.

"Your Highness, do you know where this silly dog came from?" Ye Qingyu could not help asking.

He had obtained the silly dog Little Nine in Youyan Pass, albeit its origin remained extremely mysterious. It had displayed incredible talent all this time, yet it did not possess the aura of any realm and its battle strength was wildly inconsistent. Up until now, Ye Qingyu had not properly figured out the real identity of Little Nine, or even what species it belonged to - except that it was clearly no ordinary dog.

"Dragons were born together with the four symbols, in accordance with the will of the Heavenly Dao. None of the nine offsprings of a true dragon are born as true dragons themselves. They require unparalleled opportunity and luck to find their real owners and turn into true dragons. During this life, it used its innate instinct to find you, but it was too late because you already had a dragon by your side. Having missed out on this opportunity, it can only continue to wait."

The body did not explain things too clearly.

Nevertheless, Ye Qingyu understood what it meant.

The silly dog Little Nine is actually one of the nine offsprings of a true dragon?

But the nine offsprings of a dragon each has a figure that's known throughout the world, and none of them has the figure of an ordinary dog. Little Nine doesn't have the figure of a dragon's offspring at all.

Is it because its talents are insufficient?

Or is there some story behind this?

"Woof, shuddup, what do you know..." Little Nine bared its fangs and made a low growl.

The body smiled without saying anything else. Forming a handprint with both hands, it delicately spread its ten fingers like lotuses while a strange magical power began to emanate from its body. A series of different faces appeared behind him, flashing across one after another. These were the human faces of his various incarnations, including the Human Race's Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, the supreme War God, Ye Chongsheng, and more.

Each time these faces sparkled, a layer of splendor would fly out and inject itself into Ye Qingyu's body.

These were the things that the body wanted to give Ye Qingyu.

This was everything that the Divine Light Emperor obtained in the Vast Thousand Star Domains. Strength, wisdom, experience, fate, knowledge, and life experiences. However, his will was not part of this.

Ye Qingyu felt nothing but soft breezes brushing against his face. Something in his life was gradually attaining perfection.

There was a total of 106 layers of splendor.

106 faces had turned into splendors and entered his body.

He seemed to hear a strange noise that sounded like the breaking of eggshells, as if a certain complete life form was breaking out of its shell. An indescribable feeling propagated, circulated, fused, and attained perfection in his body and soul...

In correspondence to this, the figure of the physical body was continually changing. The originally corporeal body gradually became transparent until it finally turned into a pale-green specter of a youth in strange clothing, carrying a backpack on his shoulders. He had short hair, an emaciated figure, and average height. Though his face was somewhat similar to that of the Divine Light Emperor, he had an extremely peculiar foolishness and muddle-headedness about him. His clothing made it apparent that he was not from the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

"It has taken me until today to revert to my original looks."

The spectral youth sighed in a youthful voice.

This was the original and true face of the Divine Light Emperor.

Back then, he got into a car accident yet also had a miraculous encounter, and eventually arrived in this world most incredibly. And now, having removed all of the strange powers in his body, he reverted to his true state, which was the state that he most hoped to return to his hometown in.

Raising his head to look at the space-time gate that had been fixed by the three bright pearls, he knew that he could return to his long-yearned-for hometown just by stepping into this gate, back to the point in time when the car accident happened... The feeling of being so close to home even made him a little nervous.

"Are you not going to follow me back?" The youth looked at Old Fish.

Laughing, the latter finally made a decision, quickly arriving beside the youth and holding his hand.

"Goodbye, everyone." He looked at Ye Qingyu and the others "I'll be back."

Born in the Chaotic Ocean, his nickname Inspiration naturally showed that he possessed great talent that can surpass the scope of martial ability in this aspect. He had sensed a couple of things and needed to escort the youth back to his hometown. This was because the opportunity of the final symbol of this universe lied there.

"Kiddo, are you really not going?" The youth looked at Little Nine and asked. "This may be your last chance. I know that you can't bear to part with your owner, but there may be a chance in the future for you to return here if you leave today, whereas you'll have no more opportunities if you don't go."

"Woof, don't try to entice me. Who knows whether you're telling the truth?" Little Nine grunted, revealing its inner agitation.

At this time, Ye Qingyu finally understood something.

He placed Little Nine down from his shoulders and gave it a good rub. "Go. While there may be countless star domains in this boundless galaxy, that doesn't necessarily mean that it cannot be traversed. When you've become a true dragon, you'll be able to travel through the galaxy to find me."

"Woof..." Little Nine grunted without saying anything further.

Ye Qingyu patted its head intimately. "Go on."

Raising his hand, he threw Little Nine directly toward Old Fish.

"Take good care of it," he said. As stupid and ignorant as Little Nine was, he did not have to worry much with wily Old Fish taking care of it.

Sparkling, the space-time gate discharged an attraction force that pulled the spectral youth, Old Fish, and Little Nine inside.

"Your Highness!"

"Let me follow you."

Wen Wan, Gao Diping, Sun Wukong the battle pet monkey, and others were unable to restrain their feelings at this moment. This farewell had been preordained ten million years ago, and the day had finally arrived. All of them were former subordinates of the Divine Light Emperor and held profound feelings for him. Though they had all become Emperor-level characters, they were unable to keep calm.

"Remain here. All of you belong here."

The youth smiled while waving a hand.

"Woof, my owner, wait for me to return... Even if there are myriad galaxies to cross, I'll definitely come find you through the winds and rains, riding on a rainbow-colored auspicious cloud." Little Nine struggled and howled, its eyes full of tears.

Eventually, all of their figures were pulled into the space-time gate and disappeared among the space-time vortex.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1352:


Chapter 1365 - Slay

Following the departure of the Divine Light Emperor, Old Fish, and Little Nine the silly dog, a soft buzzing noise rang out. Like the withdrawal of a water curtain, the huge space-time gate disappeared before everyone's eyes.

A road of legends had come to an end before it even started.

The person who had changed the destiny of the entire Vast Thousand Star Domains was now gone.

The facial expressions of Wen Wan, Gao Diping, and the others were agitated and unrestrainable, as if a part of their lives had been taken away.

Ye Qingyu, too, was feeling low inside.

The silly dog Little Nine had been following beside him ever since he was still a young student at White Deer Academy, and could be said to be closer than kin to him, having stuck with him through troubled times... Now, it had left, crossing countless galaxies, star domains, and space-times to advance to an unknown space-time, with no idea of when it would be seen again.

To one side, Song Xiaojun gently held on to Ye Qingyu's hand to console him.

Just then...

Boom!

A terrifying torrent of power erupted.

Countless dust specks and star fragments on the battlefield were swept up by this torrent as it spread out like a wave.

The three King of Sovereigns had broken the seal.

"How dare you betray us..." The Abandoned Fiendgod howled angrily, but, upon looking around, realized that Jiang Xiaohan was missing, and was unable to sense her aura either.

The King of Destruction, too, roared with rage.

The fact that they had been sealed was utterly humiliating to them.

Who would have thought that they would be sealed by a native woman whom they had seen as a pawn?

In the distance, the Wisp God of Consciousness discharged fierce waves of light. Evidently, its emotions were also extremely intense. To it, Jiang Xiaohan's actions were a form of betrayal. Having favored her most highly at first and yet was unexpectedly forsaken by her, one could easily imagine the anger in its heart.

The anger of these three supreme experts was ultimately directed at Ye Qingyu.

Rumble!

Acting in unison, the King of Sovereigns and the Abandoned Fiendgod charged toward Ye Qingyu.

The Wisp God of Consciousness began to play guzheng music once more, with a frosty killing intent that heralded the coming of war contained within. This time, its killing heart had been fully worked up. It wanted to arouse Ye Qingyu's inner demons and slay him for good.

"Time to end this."

Checking his emotions, Ye Qingyu's expression fiercened.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] hung down thousands of silk ribbons to protect Wen Wan and the others within.

Taking a step forth, Ye Qingyu performed a backhand stroke in the void.

"Sword, come!"

In the void of the battlefield, winds blew and clouds surged as stardust gathered. It seemed as if all of the universe's essence and spiritual qi turned into a silver shining longsword that fell into Ye Qingyu's hand.

In his body, the strange feeling of breaking out of a shell became ever more distinct, as if a newborn power was burgeoning.

A sword strike was unleashed.

The newborn power poured forth like a waterfall.

Boom!

In the void, two strange-colored clouds of bloody mist burst out.

Amid immense shock and disbelief, the bodies of the King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod were torn into several pieces each.

During the instant of exchanging blows, they had felt a terrifying power surging within Ye Qingyu's body. This kind of power was unprecedented, surpassing the King of Sovereigns realm and thus frightening them. Even their life souls, which were nearly immortal and indestructible, began to tremble, for this was a kind of power that could threaten them.

As power of laws circulated and their bodies regained composure, they looked at Ye Qingyu with horrified expressions.

The latter took steps up to them.

The terrifying guzheng music of the Wisp God of Consciousness swept by like a world-deluging tide. Having worked its technique up to the maximum level, transparent waves could be visibly seen boiling in the cosmic void. Evidently, the anger of this King of Sovereigns had reached its limits.

The guzheng clanged.

The inner demons in Ye Qingyu's body were stirred up.

A black misty halo circulated and shrouded Ye Qingyu completely.

This time, however, the black mist did not bother him at all. Since the Divine Light Emperor had already severed the spiritual connection with him completely and had also left for his hometown as desired, the so-called obsession was already no more. The surging black fog was actually the residue that Ye Qingyu had suppressed within his body earlier. Although it seemed dreadful, this was only because Ye Qingyu had driven it out of his body.

Clang clang!

Ye Qingyu formed a sword with his finger.

The sword trembled slightly and made a clanging noise which sounded like the roars of dragons and tigers.

This noise instantly drowned out the guzheng music.

Ye Qingyu's body seemed as though it was bathing in fire. Silver flames flickered before burning up and dispelling the black fog all over him.

The circulation of the guzheng music had no effect on him.

He brandished a sword and struck out.

A sword light instantly cleaved the Wisp God of Consciousness into two.

"Ugh..." An angry squeal was heard from the wisp.

It rapidly retreated to distance itself away.

This scene caused the Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction to feel grave danger.
What's going on? What just happened? Why is even the inner demon power of the Wisp God of Consciousness no longer effective against this person?

While Ye Qingyu was holding a sword in his hand, waves that resembled streaks of silver light circulated from all directions and converged toward the sword and his body.

The entire cosmic sky seemed to be responding to him by cheering.

Ye Qingyu felt his yuan qi sea instantly begin to surge within his body. The green islands, which could not be considered big at first, began to grow frenziedly at this time, forming large continental plates. With its leaves wobbling, the enormous World Tree abruptly began to heighten, while the island it took root on turned into the biggest continental plate in the dantian world.

Indescribable vigor and vitality erupted within the dantian world.

It was akin to the Big Bang.

A new world was born in Ye Qingyu's dantian.

The branches and leaves of the World Tree reached toward the sky, almost as if they wanted to break out of the dantian world.

The wobbling of the branches and leaves offered Ye Qingyu unlimited vitality.

In the cosmic void behind him, a sky-reaching ancient tree appeared illusorily, forming his life totem. The branches and leaves extended in all directions until the large sky of this star domain seemed to be completely covered by this ancient tree. Every leaf was a star that gave off starlight.

"This is..."

"Eternal qi."

The Abandoned Fiendgod and King of Destruction both felt a shudder from their souls.

They could not believe that Ye Qingyu, who had been on the verge of being worn down by his inner demons, had undergone some changes to his body and made such an incredible breakthrough. The aura of the ancient tree seemed like that of the primeval cosmos, causing them to feel as tiny as ants. Conversely, Ye Qingyu's qi became ever deeper and far-reaching, giving them a dispiriting feeling that they could only revere him and could not stand shoulder to shoulder with or fight against him.

They realized that Ye Qingyu was about to enter the Eternity Realm.

This was simply impossible.

However, it was now becoming reality.

"Run!"

This word instantly popped up in their minds.

They had lost the courage to fight on.

Although the final outcome of fleeing was likely to be that Ye Qingyu would yet pursue and kill them, there would nevertheless be some chance that they would survive or even turn the situation around. On the other hand, the only outcome would be death if they remained here.

However, Ye Qingyu seemed to have long anticipated this scene.

The ancient tree totem behind him wobbled while its leaves fluttered, resembling large stars that suspended and circulated in the midst of the cosmic battlefield and thus formed a most bizarre array of stars that circulated the heavens. It entrapped the two King of Sovereigns as if trapping two flying ants. Fleeing frantically, the Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction unleashed all kinds of skills, mysterious techniques, and escape abilities, but were unable to get free.

Thump thump thump!

Becoming one once again, the Wisp God of Consciousness reused its melody technique. The sounds of ancient war drums rang out in the cosmic battlefield, as if thousands of troops and horses were embarking on an expedition, creating great excitement and shaking everyone's heart.

With a sword in hand and sword will splendor circulating all over his body, Ye Qingyu was utterly invulnerable.

At present, he could gain all abilities just by mastering one ability. He could break all abilities with one strike of his sword, yet was also invulnerable to all abilities. Although the melody technique could work up the energy of the cosmos, it was completely not a threat to him. Without moving, the ancient tree totem behind him emitted the noise of leaves swaying in the wind and directly inhibited the melody technique of the Wisp God of Consciousness.

However, the King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod could not insulate themselves from these kind of sounds.

Having been wounded by Ye Qingyu's single sword strike, they were unable to control themselves under the bewitchment of these warring sounds. Their expressions gradually turned chaotic while the murderous insanity in their bodies ran wild. Resembling savage trapped beasts, they entered a state of complete madness and forgot about fleeing, instead turning back to attack Ye Qingyu.

As could be seen in their eyes, they had lost rationality and were left with nothing but madness.

Controlled by the Wisp God of Consciousness, they became its tool.

This was a most lamentable downfall.

At the King of Sovereigns realm, cooperation was like a kind of compromise, with both parties requesting that the other party act against their own interests, as if asking a tiger for its skin. Once the advantage was lost, eternal damnation would result.

Ye Qingyu frowned slightly.

If the fights-to-the-death of the two Kings of Sovereigns became berserk, they would still pose a slight threat.

With sword light flickering, he issued another strike of his sword.

A sword strike that could break all abilities.

Given his current strength and cultivation, the Kings of Sovereigns would be unable to withstand his sword strikes no matter how berserk they became. Amid rumbling noises, bloody mist and bones scraps flew in all directions, as if two large stars had exploded. The bodies of the King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod burst once again.

Kings of Sovereigns possessed near-immortal bodies because they each had their own life star domains.

They would not die as long as their star domains were not destroyed.

However, this was also a matter of relativity.

Just like how Ye Qingyu could kill and seize the fates of the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster, the Dark Purple Sovereign, and other King of Sovereigns realm beings upon entering the King of Sovereigns realm, the present Ye Qingyu could seize the power of fate, break the life agreement, and slay Kings of Sovereigns having taken one step into the Eternity Realm.

The more he fought, the more enlightened he became inside.

As strange changes manifested within his body ceaselessly, he could feel even greater power. The mysteries of the cosmos seemed to become clear in his heart.

Another sword lunge was made.

Amid crisscrossing rays of light, his sword will became much like a tide.

Eventually, the Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction turned into flying ashes and dissipated among their own unresigned wails, howls, and curses.

The power of fate in their bodies was also directly absorbed and sealed up by Ye Qingyu using the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Only the Wisp God of Consciousness was left in the end.

Its situation was kind of special.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

