Chapter 977:


Chapter 993 – Life and Death Platform


Thump! Thump!

Fortunately, he had disembarked very close to shore.

The suppressive force from the waters of the Heavenly River didn't have such a large effect on him either, and his physical strength was extremely strong, thus, his speed as he jumped from one large rock to another was many times faster than Thousand Illusion Elder. He moved as agilely as a monkey or a panther and only took approximately thirty minutes to reach the shore.

The moment he arrived on the shore, he noticed some details that he missed out earlier.

The boat hadn't been moving horizontally across the river but it had sailed sideways along the river currents. This meant that the disembarkation point of each passenger would be even more arbitrary. It also explained why the small boat took such a long time to cross the Heavenly River that was one thousand meters wide. The boat had disappeared from view and he didn't know where Little Nine would be sent to either but he was certain that the longer the boat ride, the more beneficial it would be for the passenger and the disembarkation point would also be much safer.

He shook himself out of his reverie and started to examine the scene by the Heavenly River.

The dense fog was all around him.

This dense and black chaos fog completely isolated heaven from earth.

"I can't believe that the fog is so dense on the shore. No wonder I couldn't see anything on the opposite side of the river from the other end… This fog also seems a little odd. It blocks out my divine sense, so I can't survey it with my divine sense. I'm forced to rely on my eyesight but I still can't see past it and only have visibility of around ten meters."

Ye Qingyu grew more alarmed as he observed his surroundings.

He stood on the spot and activated his [Eyes of the Void]. Instantly, two beams of radiant purple flames appeared in his eyes.

His visibility increased, but merely by another ten meters.

He only had a visibility of twenty meters after using his magical ability.

He grew more suspicious and hesitated to move ahead.

Suddenly, he heard faint clinking sounds from the fog.

Hm?

What could those sounds be?

Ye Qingyu decided to go investigate further.

He activated his yuan qi and warily took a few steps toward the sound. Two rays of purple radiance shot out from his eyes as he tried to see as far as he could.

Moments later—

"I see."

Ye Qingyu walked a hundred meters into the fog and discovered the source of the sound.

He saw nine gigantic oddly-shaped nails that were as big as ancient trees stuck on a pile of black rocks up ahead. These nails looked as though they were pierced through the ground by some kind of powerful divine or magical power resulting in web-like cracks covering the surface of these rocks. The distance between each nail was about two or three meters and these nails were about five to six meters tall. They were so thick that two men could wrap their arms around the nail shank and looked dull and black as though they were crafted from a material that resembled black iron. He couldn't see any formations carved on them but they gave off an ancient and frightening demonic aura.

Black chains that were as thick as the arm of a child wrapped around every nail approximately one meter from the surface.

These chains were also black, covered in rust and had a coarse texture. The metallic rings that were strung together were pulled taut and tight, as though something was pulling them apart in eight different directions radiating toward the demon qi fog. He couldn't tell where exactly it led to but it seemed like there was a mysterious force at the end of the fog that tugged at these chains. This force alternated between tightening and loosening the chains and as the chains smacked against the floor, it would let out clinking sounds.

Ye Qingyu looked at the gigantic nails and chains in stunned silence.

Clink! Clink!

Another series of clear clinking sounds rang out once more.

This sound seemed like a mysterious and alluring sound that tempted the listener, and also seemed like it was warning the intruder that he couldn't stay here for long.

Ye Qingyu walked up to the nine gigantic nails and looked contemplatively at the chains that radiated in eight different directions as he paused to think.

"The metal chains will lead the way. Choose the one path right in the middle," the million-year-old soul said telepathically.

Ye Qingyu immediately understood what these chains were for after the million-year-old soul gave him this advice. He didn't hesitate as he reached out to grab the metal chains and slowly headed toward the center. Then, he disappeared into the rolling fog.

The fog up ahead was denser and thicker.

He felt waves of huge pressure surging toward him as though this fog was about to crush down on him like a solid object.

Suddenly ——

"Kill!"

"Charge!"

Deafening roars exploded in his ears like the sound of thunder rolling.

The fog abruptly changed without warning to turn into a dark red demonic battlefield.

Evil blood qi surged everywhere and blood flowed like the ocean and its turbulent waves dashed across the skies. Fire and lightning of different shapes and sizes shot down toward the battlefield like earth-shattering bombs, shattering the Void of the earth. Countless soldiers clad in armor were drenched in blood, their eyes bloodshot as they raised their weapons like crazed and murderous demons and hacked their weapons in all directions, an extremely horrifying sight to behold.

The scene in front of him was like a major battle of fiendgods in the Chaos Universe.

This must be an illusion!
Ye Qingyu immediately decided.

However, this illusion was far too realistic and the metallic tang of blood and frightening killing intent seemed very tangible.

His expression was grave and despite his surprise and doubts, he continued to make his way forward at a steady pace.

His spirit was refined from the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and was currently even more powerful than his physical cultivation, so the illusion didn't really frighten him.

After another dozen steps forward —

The illusion of the fiendgod battlefield didn't show any signs of disappearing but grew clearer and more realistic, as though he was right there on the battlefield.

Human Race!

Demon Race!

Brute Race!

Experts from the various races appeared in the midst of the chaotic battlefield.

Countless experts filled the battlefield like swarms of bees and they were all clad in ancient armor and let out fiendgod-like cries. Their bodies glowed with an ancient and profound combat radiance and they looked like balls of light that continuously clashed, exploded then perished… the only way in this universe was to kill.

While he was still able to look directly at this illusion at first, as time passed, things started to go south.

The combat will and primeval universal power of laws from the countless ancient soldiers fighting in the battlefield were like dazzling ripples of light that swarmed unstoppably into his eyes. He immediately felt his spirit tense up and his yuan qi seemed to be guided by a strange force as it surged out rapidly from his dantian world, causing stormy waves to rise, as though a savage beast or a wandering dragon was traveling madly through his body, forcing him to exert his combat strength to its maximum power.

This sudden change caused Ye Qingyu to feel an oppressive force that seemed very near once again.

In an instant, the situation immediately took a turn for the worse and he felt as though everything within his body was about to explode, his yuan qi was out of control and knew that these were the warning signs of him descending into madness.

Oh no!

He immediately realized that he was in trouble.

However, the situation was out of his control and everything around him turned blurry.

"Hold on tight to the chains." The million-year-old soul's voice exploded like a roll of thunder in his ear.

He instinctively held on tightly to the black metal chains in his hands for dear life.

An icy and refreshingly strange sensation slowly entered his body through his palms.

The metal chains contained a mysterious icy qi that flowed along his palm to enter his bloodstream and headed toward his five senses and heart as though it knew where it was going. In a few breaths, Ye Qingyu suddenly felt his mind and spirit become clearer and the illusionary scenes disappeared. Then, he found himself back in the boundless demon qi fog.

That illusion was so powerful that it could have only been the work of a Quasi-emperor. It had been far too terrifying.

He gulped large mouthfuls of air as though he was still frightened, then he attempted to calm his surging aura and strength.

He managed to avoid danger earlier thanks to the metal chains that contained a power with the ability to suppress the illusion from the fog and the timely reminder from the million-year-old soul.

Then, Ye Qingyu never let the chains leave his hands as he slowly made his way forward and neutralized the killing force from the illusions.

After he walked more than a thousand meters in the fog, he finally reached the end of these chains.

The demon qi fog was parted by a mysterious force and gradually dissipated in two directions to reveal a black rock arena.

Ye Qingyu was slightly stunned.

An arena?

He suddenly had a bad feeling about this.

He didn't think too much into it but carefully examined the arena in front of him.

This arena was shaped like a round disc and it had a large surface area with a radius of at least a hundred meters. It was crafted from strange and sturdy black rocks and seemed very ancient and simple as though it had existed for millions of years. All across the arena, there seemed to be an invisible net that kept the fog at bay. The fog surged and pressed madly from outside but it was unable to enter the arena.

Countless mutilated bodies were littered across the arena.

There were both corpses of the Human Race and foreign races but these corpses were all blood-stained and mutilated. Rays of different-colored blood essence and yuan qi aura skipped across these corpses to form a tightly interwoven air shield that gave off an extremely powerful dark force.

There was also a Demon Race expert with a leopard head and a human body on the arena.

He resembled a leopard from his neck up and his fur was covered in round spots while its ears stood erect on both sides of its head. His eyes gleamed with a brownish yellow glow while his teeth were as sharp as knives. Several drops of blood essence hung from his beard and looked as though they were about to fall at any moment. He had a human body from his neck down that was as burly and large as an ape and he was clad in furry leather armor. Every strand of brownish yellow fur poked upward like steel knives and it seemed like a defensive soft armor unique to the Demon Race.

He sat cross-legged on the area and held half a thigh bone in his hands that was dripping with blood as it took large bites of the blood essence and bone, looking as though he was gorging himself and feasting on delicacies.

However, those were clearly the remains of a Human Race expert!

Ye Qingyu's eyes hardened.

At that moment, the voice of the million-year-old soul rang in his ears once more.

"The arena in front of you is known as the Life and Death Platform and the victor would be determined through a fight. This fight would also determine who lives and who perishes since it would not end until someone dies. The victor is the person who lives and only the ultimate victor would have the chance to continue on his way."

Life and Death Platform?

As he looked at this arena, he couldn't help but recall the Storm Platform of the Greater One Sect.

Once he entered the arena, the only way to survive was by stepping on the corpses of his opponents.

This seemed true to the style of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

His gaze silently swept across the arena and discovered that the other corpses, including the remains that the leopard-headed expert was feasting on, had all been dead for some time. He clearly wasn't the one who had slaughtered them all.

It seemed more likely that he arrived at this arena first and started to feast while waiting for his opponent. He was probably feasting on the blood essence and flesh of the dead to increase his yuan qi and combat strength as much as possible before his opponent arrived.

Ye Qingyu understood that there was no way back now that he was here and he could only continue to make his way forward. There could only be one survivor between himself and the barbaric Demon Race expert in the arena.

At the same time, the leopard-headed expert's ears suddenly twitched as though he had sensed something.

He looked sharply at Ye Qingyu's direction.

"He he, a stepping stone has finally arrived after such a long time… Come over and prepare to die, you pitiful human worm!"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 978:


Chapter 994 – Survival of the Fittest


The leopard-headed expert exuded a wild aura, and although he looked like he was from the Demon Race, Ye Qingyu could immediately tell that he was not a purebred Demon Race expert. Instead, he looked like he hailed from some brutish land. His barbaric demon outfit and the manner in which he feasted on the corpses earlier showed that he was not from a very civilized domain.

This species of brute demons were the most vicious and cruel. They might have the cultivation of a Saint but they still acted like vicious beasts.

This leopard-headed brute demon slowly rose to his feet and used his arms to roughly wipe the blood from his mouth, then he flashed a toothy smile at Ye Qingyu, his expression terrifyingly savage, as though he was eyeing a piece of meat.

Ye Qingyu didn't respond but slowly and resolutely walked toward the arena.

The Life and Death Platform would determine the winner and loser, as well as the life and death of its contestants.

There wasn't anything else to be said since everything would be decided through this battle.

"Hehe, I see my opponent is another Human Race worm… Not bad, your meat looks tender and fine, so you'll be a delicious meal. This is just the time for me to feast till I'm full." The leopard-headed man looked contemptuously at Ye Qingyu, his gaze cold and cruel, as if he were looking at an animal to be slaughtered rather than an intellectual being.

Ye Qingyu remained silent.

In any case, it was pointless talking to this brute demon.

"Hehe, I see you've accepted your fate… I'll quench my thirst with your blood!" The leopard-headed barbaric demon was already charging toward Ye Qingyu at lightning speed even before he had finished speaking.

The Leopard Demon Race was known throughout the myriad domains for their agility and speed.

As the saying goes, speed is the only thing that can't be overcome amongst the martial arts techniques of the world.

Therefore, when faced with opponents of comparable yuan qi and cultivation, the experts of the Leopard Demon Race would utilize their fast and accurate speed to crush their opponents and emerge victorious even before their opponents could even launch an attack.

That was why the leopard-headed expert was so confident and sure of himself after arriving in the arena.

Unfortunately, today he was up against Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu did not move or dodge out of the way but remained standing where he was. He was calm and quiet, just like a fisherman waiting for a fish to bite. The [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] in his hand emitted an extremely dazzling blood-colored splendor, and divine splendor swirled around it as it charged and suddenly exploded everywhere. This also caused the demon qi fog a hundred meters above the arena to take on a blood-colored stain.

Its piercingly sharp sword will filled the entire arena.

Swish!

A ray of red sword radiance moved like flowing light at lightning speed.

This sword moved like lightning or a meteor through the sky, and it was even faster and more powerful than the leopard-headed expert's movements.

The leopard-headed expert drew closer and closer to Ye Qingyu, then all of a sudden, he paused mysteriously as though a powerful force was holding him in place. Before he could even react, a thin ray of blood light that was as thin as a thread cleaved him in half from top to bottom as it moved from his head all the way down through his body.

Boom!

There was an explosive sound.

The two halves of his body split apart like rotten wood and immediately transformed into thin smoke and ashes, as though two divine flames had burst from his body. Then, they dissipated into the Void.

After the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] in his hand automatically absorbed the yuan essence and blood qi of the leopard-headed expert, it glowed even brighter.

"The combat methods employed by the Brute Demon Race are still as barbaric as ever. They only rely on their base instincts to fight. It can't even be regarded as a combat technique."

Ye Qingyu had not been worried at all before facing this opponent.

The arena became extremely silent.

Ye Qingyu looked at the dozens of corpses in the arena, and suddenly, an idea came to him. The blood light from his [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] radiated outward as it absorbed all the bones, blood, and yuan qi from these corpses.

The experts of the various races who perished on the Life and Death Platform were all Saints and so their corpses contained an extremely powerful spiritual force. The Leopard Brute Demon who had been feasting on these corpses earlier had also been drawing on the instincts of the Brute Demon Race to absorb the divine properties of these corpses but this method was far too primitive and barbaric, thus it paled in comparison to the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill].

After he put his [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] away, he felt more reassured.

The [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] had already stored the divine power of close to a hundred experts.

At the same time, on another Life and Death Platform—

This was another Life and Death Platform that was made of black rock and shaped like a round disc. It looked exactly like the Life and Death Platform that Ye Qingyu and the Leopard Demon Race had fought on earlier.

Someone stood in the arena, his Taoist robes billowing in the wind.

It was the Greater One Spiritual Master.

His eyes were completely jet-black, as though they were dyed with black ink with no white in them at all, which made him look extremely strange. His black robes were billowing despite the lack of wind, and his whole body exuded a mysterious demon qi that rolled abundantly like waves. He was surrounded by rays of black splendor and exuded an evil and creepy aura, as though he had stepped out from the depths of hell. He was an extremely frightening monster.

"Haha, is this what power feels like? Haha, as expected, the fastest way of cultivation in the universe is to swallow and refine the blood of others. In a matter of a few days, my strength has surged by three or four times. Hahaha, the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor is indeed a paradise for me. Hahaha."

A fanatical expression appeared on his face—he looked like a deranged person.

Ten breaths later—

He retracted his yuan qi and an abundant dark aura surged like a river all over his body and reverted to the form of an ordinary human, who gave off an ethereal and sage-like aura.

Then, something strange happened.

A string of black iron chains suddenly descended from the sky, passing through the black demon qi atop the Life and Death Platform, and hung upside down, looking like a black-scaled giant serpent hanging upside down over the platform.

"Are these the Sky-reaching Chains that my lord had mentioned?"

The Greater One Spiritual Master appeared calm as he looked at the chains in front of him. Everything had gone according to plan.

After killing one's opponent on the Life and Death Platform, the Sky-reaching Chains would automatically be lowered to guide the victor to his next destination.

The "Lord" that the Greater One Spiritual Master mentioned was one of the masterminds of the force that had been secretly supporting the Greater One Sect. Everything had gone smoothly for the Greater One Spiritual Master since he entered the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. He managed to pass all the tests to arrive at the Life and Death Platform because of the map that his lord had given him. However, he had never seen his lord's face. During the only time he had been summoned, the voice seemed to ring out from the heavens and a black Chaos screen separated them.

He had an extremely limited understanding of that lord.

"I wonder who he is exactly? How could he have known so many secrets and even possessed a map of the Reincarnation Hall? He even told me about the Sky-reaching Chains in advance."

The Greater One Spiritual Master's brows knitted slightly and he grew a little doubtful.

"Could that lord be connected to the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor in some way?"

The Greater One Spiritual Master was slightly puzzled, but then he decided that everything else was secondary as long as that lord was willing to support him. It did not matter to him even if that lord turned out to be a devil from the depths of hell.

A strange and evil smile slowly spread across his face.

"Haha, I've received news of Ye Qingyu's arrival at the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor and found out that he has already passed the Heavenly River. He's probably arrived at the Life and Death Platform by now. This is truly great news. I hope that I'll be able to run into him in the following battles in the arena. If he were to be my opponent, after I've killed him and presented his head to claim credit for this deed, all the treasures that belonged to this peasant will be mine. Cackle, cackle, cackle..."

The Greater One Spiritual Master spoke with a cold and malicious expression.

As he cackled, he grabbed hold of the Sky-reaching Chains and rose into the air. He climbed upward and disappeared into the fog that hung a hundred meters above the sky.

...

...

"Sky-reaching Chains?"

Ye Qingyu asked in surprise as he carefully examined the black iron chains that had suddenly descended from the sky.

"That's right. The fight on this Life and Death Platform determines who lives and dies, so as long as one party dies, the Sky-reaching Chains will appear to guide the way. It is the only way out of the Chaos Demon Fog. If anyone tries to blindly walk off the Life and Death Platform and enter the fog without the guidance of the Sky-reaching Chains, regardless of his cultivation, that unfortunate person would be lost in the demon qi fog and would lose both his senses and life. Even a Quasi-emperor would not be spared from this fate," the million-year-old soul said telepathically once more.

So that's how things work here.

Realization dawned on him.

He had already experienced the strange illusions and the pressure that felt like it could crush him at any time.

Just then, he almost lost his senses and sank so deep into the illusion that he could not pull himself out of it. He would have definitely died without the chains to guide him.

He thought for a moment and asked as though a thought had just occurred to him, "Senior, does this mean that every single person who disembarked from the Ferryman of the Netherworld's boat would arrive at the Life and Death Platform?"

"Indeed," the million-year-old soul answered.

Ye Qingyu immediately frowned and said worriedly, "Doesn't this mean that Old Hu Bugui and Little Nine would have been sent to the Life and Death Platform? If they encounter a formidable foe, they… might be in danger."

"While this might be true theoretically, don't worry. I won't say too much at this point but I can guarantee them a safe passage through the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor," the million-year-old soul said.

This was not the first time that the million-year-old soul had made this promise.

Nonetheless, Ye Qingyu was still a little worried.

His concern clouded his judgment.

He looked at the boundless fog and knew that the million-year-old soul had an inordinate number of magical abilities. So, since the million-year-old soul had once again guaranteed the safety of Old Hu Bugui and Little Nine, their lives would not be in danger. Furthermore, Old Hu Bugui's Emperor qi tile and Little Nine's innate escaping technique would be able to save them in times of need.

"Let's go." Ye Qingyu rid himself of all distractions and gripped the black iron chains with both hands.

The moment he touched the chains, he felt an extremely clear, bone-chilling iciness, as though he had stuck both his hands into the waters of an ice pool that had been frozen over for thousands of years.

He soon transformed into a ray of silvery-white radiance and climbed up the iron chains, moving so fast that he looked like a shadow flitting past the black chains. Instantly, he disappeared into the fog.

As the iron chains guided him, the illusions appeared in the surrounding fog once again.

However, since he had already been through it once, Ye Qingyu was not caught off guard.

After he climbed almost one thousand meters, he reached the end of the iron chains.

He moved upward in a flash and the silver radiance landed on the black rock instantly.

He found himself standing on another Life and Death Platform.

A figure stood in the middle of the arena with his back facing him. This figure stood upright while riding the wind and looked as though he had been waiting for a long time.

Ye Qingyu's face hardened and he instantly moved toward one side of the arena.

The only rule of the Life and Death Platform was this—winning was survival, while losing was death.

A strong combat-will burned in the eyes of these two contestants.

No one said anything because all words were meaningless under such circumstances.

A bloody battle began once more.

...

Half a day flew by in a blink of an eye.

He had already been through thirty-nine Life and Death Platform battles and killed thirty-nine experts from different races and forces, including some famous experts from well-known forces from the myriad domains, and also experts from the imperial families of foreign races.

He killed them all, regardless of them having the identity of a formidable hero, the pride of the family, or a talented genius.

If he did not kill them, they would kill him.

Once he stepped onto the Life and Death Platform, he would either live or die.

Even if he took mercy on them, his opponents would never give up on the chance to kill him.

The only good news so far was that he had yet to encounter a Human Race expert.

It seemed as though experts of the same race were destined not to be led by the Sky-reaching Chains onto the same Life and Death Platform.

The battles that took place on the Life and Death Platform were about the survival of the fittest.

Each time he progressed, he would encounter an even more formidable opponent.

Finally, he arrived on his fortieth Life and Death Platform and encountered his fortieth opponent.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 979:


Chapter 995 – Mountain of Bones


Buzz!

The [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] in Ye Qingyu's palm emitted a burst of dazzling blood-colored splendor.

The sword let out a series of joyous cries similar to the ones it let out earlier before it drank blood.

His fortieth battle on the Life and Death Platform was already over.

The [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] had just absorbed the blood essence and flesh of a Night Owl Race expert.

He had already killed someone else from the Night Owl Race earlier. This particular Race tended to make life difficult for the Human Race and was considered one of the mortal enemies of the Human Race within the myriad domains. The Night Owl Race expert earlier had a frighteningly high level of cultivation and was a half-step to Great Saint realm. His demon qi was extremely pure and as clear as jade since he was already halfway to Great Saint realm, he had been extremely powerful and was a pureblood Demon Race expert.

Due to his countless trump cards and physical strength that was comparable to a Great Saint, as well as his [Blood Drinker Sword Pill], Ye Qingyu was not at all afraid of fighting a prolonged and exhaustive battle. Anyone else would have found it difficult to deal with such a formidable opponent. Nonetheless, he still spent two whole hours before he finally killed his opponent and also sustained some rather serious injuries.

Then, he stood in the arena and used his qi to heal his wounds.

Fortunately, his qi and blood were abundant so it didn’t take him too much time to recuperate.

Ye Qingyu's aura was currently as abundant as the sea. His white robes were like jade, and his black hair fluttered in the breeze. There weren't any obvious signs of injuries on his body but several cuts that were about as long as a finger could be seen on his robes. His strength had increased after forty rounds of fierce Life and Death battles. In particular, his comprehension of martial arts techniques had improved and his Divine Emperor Sword Will technique had seen the greatest improvement.

The three great sword mantras of the [War God Sword Mantras] were the [Human King Sword Mantra], [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra], and the [Life Sword Mantra]. All these mantras drew on the cultivator's comprehension of martial arts technique as their foundation and the cultivator must hone his skills by going through all kinds of trials and tribulations. It placed emphasis on one's will and not one's technique. The cultivator must, after all his tough training, be able to condense and combine his understanding of all the martial arts techniques he has read together, then express these understanding through his actions. These mantras wouldn't be as effective if the cultivator merely practiced them continuously; so after many rounds of fierce battling, these battles were like a divine hammer that molded Ye Qingyu to become even better.

Ye Qingyu had gained some enlightenment and also a deeper insight into the wonders of the Divine Emperor Sword Will.

He suddenly understood many areas of this technique that he didn't comprehend in the past and felt as though another magical door had opened in front of him.

He slowly opened his eyes and concluded this round of recuperation and comprehension.

"Ha ha, the Divine Emperor Sword Will is the true Divine Emperor, I finally understand…" At his mental command, the surrounding area transformed into a sword domain. "If I were to battle this Night Owl Race expert once more, I am confident of killing him within ten breaths with my Divine Emperor Sword Will."

This was the first stage of a sword domain.

Ye Qingyu couldn’t hide his delight.

"You've done well and have gained enough experience through the forty battles of the Life and Death Platform. The Life and Death Platform ahead of you was the final battle for you. If you walk along the Sky-reaching Chains, you wouldn't see another Life and Death Platform. Instead, we would be able to walk out of this foggy area to arrive in front of the Gate to the Demon Domain," the million-year-old soul's voice sounded again.

Was this the end of the battles on the Life and Death Platform?

Ye Qingyu was elated.

He nodded and slowly recalled his [Blood Drinker Sword Pill]. Then, he gradually calmed his qi and blood down and retracted the sword domain.

The next moment, a string of Sky-reaching Chains softly descended from the fog.

He clung on to the chains and transformed into a silver radiance that charged upwards.

Thirty minutes later.

As expected, he had reached the end of the Sky-reaching Chains.

The chaos fog had gradually thinned out, his visibility was slowly restored and his surroundings grew clearer.

"Hm? Isn't this… the ruins of the ancient city square?"

He exclaimed in surprise when he saw what awaited him at the end of the Sky-reaching Chains.

He unleashed his divine sense to sweep around for danger and only jumped onto the black rock surface after he sensed that it was safe.

He took a cursory look and saw that the square was very large and had a radius of thousands of meters. It was built completely from black rocks and he could even vaguely make out some ancient mysteries and unintelligible formations carved on the surface of the black rock floor.

Ancient divine statues littered the square densely and these statues seemed to be from the Fiendgod Age. They were also carved from black rock, but their luster was softer and smoother and they glowed like jade. However, these statues had mostly collapsed or were broken from the middle, or had been smashed violently while their protective formation had long since been extinguished, as though it had automatically dissipated after being destroyed by some foreign force.

In addition, there was also huge divine temples that stood tall. They looked simple and unsophisticated but they were large and their lines were ancient, as though they were made with bold strokes from axes and hammers. These temples didn’t look alike but they all exuded a magnificent and majestic aura that was full of the ancient characters from the Fiendgod Age. However, the prohibitive power of these divine temples were extremely weak, and they had already become ruins.

Knife and sword slash marks could be seen on the square, on these statues, and on the ruins, and he could also see extremely large punch and palm prints imprinted on the same places.

It was clear that a fierce and terrifying battle had once taken place here.

Ye Qingyu entered the ruins.

He could see marks of battle everywhere as he walked through the ruins.

Obviously, the battle that had taken place here happened a long, long time ago.

He guessed that there could have been Quasi-emperors who fought in this ancient battle as well but everything had ended countless years ago.

Their marks still remained but the people were no longer there.

Their power and authority from the past were left here but these great men were already gone with the wind and rain.

He grew more alarmed as he walked along the ruins.

He felt as though these ruins seemed vaguely familiar and were very similar to the architectural style of the buildings he saw at the ancient Fiendgod city of the Black Demon Abyss' 18th district. However, the ancient Fiendgod city's buildings and divine statues were rather well-preserved while a large majority of these buildings and divine statues here had been destroyed.

"Are those… bones?"

He suddenly stopped. His eyes flashed and he was completely struck dumb.

He saw a large mountain of bones up ahead.

The mountain of bones was several thousand meters tall and it was piled high with the bones of all kinds of races, as though these were the remains of a peerless chaos battle. He closely examined the layers of bone and discovered that other than the bones of the Human Race, there were also golden or greenish bones. Some of these skeletons were as big as humans while there were some bones that were several dozen meters wide and clearly belonged to a giant demon foreign race. These were the bones of the deceased from many different races and they were all packed together and piled up high. This scene would cause anyone immediately to feel uneasy.

Right in the middle of this mountain of bones, there was a path made of bones that led all the way to the top of the mountain. The untidy and complicated white bone stairs were crooked, as though they were not formed naturally but that this path had been formed by countless others who had climbed up this mountain.

"Let's go, take the white bone path up the mountain," the million-year-old soul said telepathically.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

He slowly walked up the white bone path.

As he stepped on these white bones, he felt as though these bones were as hard as divine iron or steel.

He could see ghostly fire faintly appearing between the cracks of these layers of bones.

Fifteen minutes later, he stepped on the final step to arrive at the top of the mountain of bones.

His view suddenly broadened.

He was slightly alarmed when he looked around and immediately went on his guard. There was a platform that was about a thousand meters wide at the top of the mountain and there were already hundreds of experts from the various races standing on it. They either stood alone, in pairs, or in groups, and they were split into different camps that faced each other, and thus the atmosphere was extremely tense. He didn't even need to think to know that like him, these were the victors after many rounds of battling on the Life and Death Platform.

There were so many of them?

What were they waiting for?

Countless questions raced through his mind.

At the same time —

On the Life and Death Platform.

The Greater One Spiritual Master whose white hair fluttered in the wind, was at his final arena.

The corpse beneath his feet was devoid of blood and flesh and its limbs were twisted awkwardly, and it looked so shriveled that it was as though all that was left of him was his skin which was sticking to his skeleton.

This was a Ghost Race Heaven's Prideling and he had been killed by the Greater One Spiritual Master who then proceeded to absorb all his essence and blood qi.

"Ha ha, once again, I can feel the beauty of power. Ha ha, my strength has increased again. He he, he might have once been the Fourth Prince of the Ghost Race whose power had stunned the Ghostly Domain and was known as the pride of the Ghost Race, but now, this is all that remains of him."

The Greater One Spiritual Master exerted a dark mysterious technique and secretly muttered an incantation, then a small crack that was as big as a thumb appeared in the middle of his palm. This crack was full of extremely sharp teeth and dark yuan qi burst forth, moving like a giant dark serpent with its mouth wide open to swallow the corpse whole.

A strange change happened to his body.

Layers of dense black fog spun frantically around him like thousands of wisps of silk around a silkworm cocoon.

An extremely evil and mysterious aura surged forth and silvery-black scales appeared to cover his entire body from head to toe. This time, his evolution was even more terrifying and clearer than the first time.

"Ha ha ha ha, just as I thought, the blood from the imperial family of the Ghost Race would be extremely beneficial for my Dark Demon Body… Including the dozens of experts who I swallowed consecutively earlier, my power has skyrocketed wildly. The strength of the demon qi within me is now comparable to a Great Saint. No one throughout the entire Clear River Domain is my match and I will be the true and only invincible master of Clear River Domain! Ha ha ha ha!"

The Greater One Spiritual Master reveled in the surging and roaring dark force within his body and his confidence soared as he cackled madly.

His expression was evil and savage, like an extremely ugly and terrifying monster.

Approximately ten breaths later.

The dark force within him had already fully refined all the power he swallowed from the experts he killed earlier and transformed their power into his own.

His scales faded and he retracted the dark aura to revert to his ordinary human form. His white hair gleamed brightly and he looked otherworldly and sage-like.

"According to the map from that lord, he already knew that this would be the final Life and Death Platform. Next, I'd arrive at the Gate to the Demon Domain after I climb up the Sky-reaching Chains… I hope that Ye Qingyu managed to survive past this round and that he didn't die in the hands of others. I would love to kill him myself, ha ha, I wonder if you'd be very upset when you hear that I've killed Liu Shaji. Ha ha ha!"

His cold eyes flashed and his lips curved into an evil smile.

As soon as he spoke—

He transformed into a ray of black radiance that wrapped itself around the Sky-reaching Chains and climbed upwards.

His strength had soared after consuming the essence and blood qi of forty experts on this Life and Death Platform.

He was full of confidence now.

At the top of the mountain of bones.

Ye Qingyu's figure flashed slightly as he landed in one corner of the crowd. Then, he solemnly and calmly observed his surroundings.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 980:


Chapter 996 – Meeting Li Shengyan Again


The white-bone platform at the top of the mountain gently sloped upward and took up an area of more than a thousand meters. It was completely white and was made out of a giant piece of bone, which seemed to be the remains of an ancient monstrous creature. Hundreds of martial artists filled the stage, who were all the top experts from the various races.

Ye Qingyu looked around and saw that the weakest expert amongst them had Peak Saint cultivation.

Every single person here had clearly emerged victorious from other Life and Death Platforms and they all sized each other up warily, their bodies glowing with a yuan qi light that was as abundant as the sea. They each resembled a giant ball of glowing light, but on closer observation, he discovered that they were all injured to varying degrees. Some of them had traces of dried bloodstains; some had cracks and slashes on their clothes or armor; some exuded a stable aura; while others were clearly using some kind of secret treasure to heal their injuries or replenish their yuan qi. These were obviously the survivors who had killed their way past the Life and Death Platforms to arrive here.

He was also not surprised to see dozens of corpses, who had obviously only died recently because the pungent stench of blood was still very strong. A skirmish must have erupted on this platform for some reason that resulted in these experts being killed here.

Where there were people, there would be battles.

Where there were battles, there would be deaths.

Especially in such a place where no one would bat an eyelid if a Peak Great Saint perished in battle.

And he was not surprised to see a few familiar faces on this platform.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit's hair was dry and messy, and he stood in his trademark pose with his arms crossed over his chest, with a blade of grass sticking out from the corner of his lips. He exuded a blood-colored, violent, murderous aura, and he was accompanied by two old men clad in blood-red armor. These two men were both Great Saints and were probably the Great Saint experts of the Sinful Pit.

Those from the Sky Meteor Sect were present as well. However, after the Sacred Son of the Sky Meteor Sect perished at the Black Demon Abyss, another top expert from the Sky Meteor Sect had emerged. And it was rumored that he was even more talented and powerful than the Sacred Son of the Sky Meteor Sect. The handsome young man with sharp angular eyebrows standing in the midst of the experts from the Sky Meteor Sect was probably the legendary new Sacred Son of the Sky Meteor Sect. He looked like a vicious character.

Ye Qingyu also spotted those from the Black Demon Abyss, but unfortunately, he did not see the Little Princess of the Black Demon Abyss in the group.

He was surprised to see the successor of White Jade Capital, the [White Fairy], amongst the crowd. Her white skirts were completely unstained as though she had not taken part in the bloody battles on the Life and Death Platform. She stood alone on the spot, aloof and withdrawn from the rest of the crowd.

As expected, the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] was also present, but she was only accompanied by three divine cavalrymen, including Xia Yubing. The divine war chariot was nowhere to be seen and bloodstains could be seen on all three cavalrymen. As they stood together, they seemed weaker, but he knew that he could not underestimate them.

He formed a brief understanding of the situation after looking around.

Just as he thought, there was no weakling amongst all who were present.

The previous tests at the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor were all aimed at ensuring the survival of the fittest. Those who had made it this far had emerged victorious through all the previous battles.

Ye Qingyu slowly made his way upward.

"Hmm? I didn't expect to see more than twenty Human Race experts here." There was a flash of surprise in his eyes after he quickly took in his surroundings.

The Human Race had always been the weaker race, having always been bullied and suppressed by the other foreign races for thousands of years. Even though Quasi-emperors and Emperors had emerged from the Human Race, it was hard to reverse the innate decline of their race because some of them were sycophants and spineless creatures like Thousand Illusion Elder, while even more of them reveled in internal strife and killed other humans. Ye Qingyu had assumed that very few Human Race experts would be able to make it this far, but to his surprise, there were more than twenty of them. This number was very large compared to the number of experts from the various races.

Despite their numbers, he could tell upon closer observation that a large majority of them were seriously injured. Some of them had slash marks from sharp claws on their bodies, while several others were completely bathed in blood—even their hair was clumped together with blood, as though they had just climbed out from a river of blood.

Ye Qingyu was most surprised to see an extremely familiar figure amongst the Human Race experts.

This was the descendant of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], the bald fatty—Li Shengyan.

This fatty had predictably made his way here.

If he is here, does that mean that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] has also come?

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt elated.

He reacted like someone traveling alone in the dark who had suddenly spotted a lamp. He felt as though all the pressure in his heart had immediately lifted.

As long as [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was around, the Human Race would definitely not face any serious trouble.

"Hey! Brother Ye Qingyu! Hahaha, I've waited so long for you to come." Li Shengyan also noticed Ye Qingyu at the same time, as though he had sensed his arrival, and his eyes lit up as he called out Ye Qingyu's name loudly and joyously.

His voice seemed exceptionally piercing and loud on this bone platform.

Everyone turned to look at the fatty.

Ye Qingyu nodded in acknowledgment and ignored everyone's stares as he walked toward Li Shengyan.

"Haha, I've missed you so much, my brother!" Li Shengyan gave him a warm hug. His surreptitious winks showed that he was different from his previous lecherous image.

"It has indeed been a while… I didn't expect to see you here." Ye Qingyu had a rather good impression of this fatty.

They had not met since the battle at the Black Moon Immortal Palace when the fatty had brought [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] decree to save him, so it was truly a long time since they had last met.

Li Shengyan looked appraisingly at Ye Qingyu from head to toe, then a teasing look flashed through his eyes as he said with a smile, "You've improved a lot in such a short time, hehe. I knew that you'd be here and also heard news of your arrival through other sources before, but I just didn't expect that you'd be so slow."

Is this person praising me or mocking me?

Ye Qingyu felt slightly awkward.

However, he had also sensed earlier that Li Shengyan's cultivation had also improved significantly during this period of time. Li Shengyan's cultivation and condensation of yuan qi were almost comparable to his, so he could tell that Li Shengyan had greatly benefited from being with [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] during this period.

"Oh yes, since you're here, then… will His Highness Quasi-emperor also be coming?" Ye Qingyu had not discovered [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] aura or silhouette when he was observing his surroundings earlier.

Is [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] not going to fight for such a rare and precious opportunity?

Or could His Highness Quasi-emperor be currently in hiding?

"Hmm, I'm not exactly sure either. His ways have been mysterious and he has his own plans, so it wouldn't be proper for me to question him either. As for me, I'm sure you can tell that I'm obviously here to take part in the fun. How could I be absent when there's such a major event going on?" Li Shengyan's expression suddenly turned solemn and his strange behavior was as though he would automatically be the only spokesperson for any topic that concerned his ancestor.

It wouldn't be proper for you to ask

I'm sure that even if you did ask, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] wouldn't tell you anyway.

Ye Qingyu was left feeling speechless and he shook his head with a smile, but he did not expose Li Shengyan's little lie.

He had been hoping to thank [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] in person. After all, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] decree had protected him from many dangers and threats.

They exchanged a few more words, then Li Shengyan suddenly slapped his bald head and exclaimed loudly, "Oh, how forgetful could I be? Come, let me introduce you to several respectable and famous Human Race seniors."

Then, he dragged Ye Qingyu over to a group of humans and walked up to several human experts who were chatting amongst themselves.

"Hello everyone, hahaha, I'd like to introduce my good friend, the third deputy spokesperson of the Human Race—Ye Qingyu!" Li Shengyan said loudly, looking proud of himself. He even tacked on another sentence as he added mysteriously and smugly, "We have been through life and death together. I'm sure you have all heard his name, haha!"

"The legendary [Ice Sword Killing God]?"

"That successful young man who is the new Heaven's Prideling of the Human Race?"

Several Human Race experts beside him looked surprised.

These were the masters and patriarchs of the large Human Race forces and families in the myriad domains. They were all very well-read and highly experienced and also extremely shrewd. Despite their outward calmness, their eyes still clearly showed their surprise and astonishment.

"Hehe, hehe, yes, that's him, my brother!" Li Shengyan dragged Ye Qingyu over and placed his chubby arm around his shoulders, looking as though he was the older brother who would protect Ye Qingyu.

His casual and relaxed stance showed that he was on very good terms with these Human Race experts.

Ye Qingyu's eyes gleamed and he secretly assessed the people in front of him even as he greeted them in a friendly manner, "Greetings, seniors. I'm Ye Qingyu."

He was friendly to them because these people seemed close to Li Shengyan. Birds of a feather flock together, so he could tell that they were not evil characters. Then, after he observed their auras, he concluded that these few people should be from influential and upright forces, so by establishing good relations with them, this would be beneficial to the future development of the Heaven Wasteland Domain. Furthermore, now that they were at the final stage, it would be better for him to make friends rather than enemies who could backstab him.

"I'm Zhang Daowu, the master of the Yao Mountain Sect. I've heard many stories about your achievements despite your young age and know that you're a talented scholar. Now that we've gotten the opportunity to meet, I truly believe that the younger generation of humans will surpass the older generation in the future." The person who spoke looked to be about fifty or sixty years of age. He was thin with white hair that flowed like a waterfall. He exuded an elegant aura and was clad in high-quality, icy-blue silk long robes. The exquisite bamboo leaf embroidery around the edges of his robes complemented the white jade pin in his hair and made him look even more outstanding. The fan he was gently waving was definitely an extraordinary item. All sixteen ribs of the folding fan were carved from white jade, and the painting of a spring mountain scenery on the leaf of the fan was beautifully done with delicate lines and bright colors. It looked very natural and exuded the natural aura of spring.

"Outstanding geniuses emerge from every generation, and we feel very pleased and gratified to be able to meet people like Spokesperson Ye Qingyu and Li Shengyan, who are the outstanding men of your generation. I'm the forty-seventh master of the Pill Dao Sect, Situ Kongming, and I'm pleased to meet you." The master of the Pill Dao Sect looked to be around forty years of age. His brows were sharp and his eyes were bright. His face was smooth and unwrinkled, and he was clad in inky-green Taoist robes with barely noticeable bloodstains on his sleeves. His greyish-black hair was half-tied up and held together with a bamboo hairpin. He was on the thin side, his stance was elegant and refined, and he gave off a faint herbal scent. His mannerisms were humble and polite, exhibiting the attitude of a grandmaster.

He held a horsetail whisk in the crook of his arm. It was made from the hair of a deer and its handle was carved from black jade. Its handle glowed faintly as though wisps of Dao energy encircled it.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

