Chapter 569:


Chapter 588, Evildoers are bound to be punished in the end

Bang!

“Ah!”

A burst of dazzling white light.

Shishu Bai had self-exploded.

The force of the explosion spread so widely that the Heaven Desire Demon Sect experts had to repeatedly draw back into a defensive stance.

The next moment, the black light that was destroyed by the force of the explosion had already disappeared.

“Run!”

Shishu Bai's last word resounded across the void, before her flesh ruptured, blood splattered and bones disintegrated.

“Shihu!”

Liu Ruxin yelled out, tears swelled up in her eyes.

On the beautiful face of Shen Menghua there were already two streams of clear tears hanging on her face.

She tightly gripped onto the golden hairpin that her Shishu gave her moments before her death.

Clenching the tip of the hairpin into her palm, a drop of blood seeped out through the gaps between her fingers and trickled into the soil.

Unfortunately, the chance for them to escape that Shishu Bai exchanged with her life was useless.

Because the remaining three people were too heavily wounded.

They could not escape.

……

In the distance.

Quietly observing in the distance, Ye Qingyu and the other people were also evidently shocked by Hundred Spirits Sect's Shishu Bai’s behavior.

Everyone drew their brows together in a slight frown, a trace of murderous intent flickering in their eyes, as they fought back the anger inside.

Ye Qingyu looked at Xiao Yunlong, who was secretly laughing behind the elders of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, as unbearable hatred soared in this heart.

In the distance

Xiao Yunlong gazed at the scattering blood and flesh, revealing a hint of regret.

This Shishu Bai, although a little too old, was still very attractive and also occupied a high status. And to trample such a woman was extremely satisfying, but unfortunately she had died and became a pile of rotten flesh.

Ten days ago, when the Greater One Sect fell into chaos, Xiao Yunlong had also almost died.

If he hadn't suddenly realized that when all the sects were being destroyed, only the Heaven Desire Demon Sect was safe and able to smoothly escape, then he wouldn’t have known that the Heaven Desire Demon Sect and the demon clan must have some sort of relationship. He then made a prompt decision to steal the Greater One Sect's secret manual of Tracking the Sky to curry favour with the sect master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect to be protected.

The greatest benefit of joining the Heaven Desire Demon Sect was not just to get temporary refuge.

He had long yearned for the Heaven Desire Demon Sect's secret cultivation technique of men and women.

Such a strange and mysterious technique that could steadily increase his yuan qi in such a short period of time was too attractive to him, a person that had not been able to receive much attention in the Greater One Sect.

Today he found the Hundred Spirit Sect’s disciples that had been hiding for a long time through the escape method, but he didn't think that only five of them were left. He originally thought that he would be left with one of them, for him to experience the taste of the secret cultivation technique, but one of them had self-exploded.

Thinking of this, it was inevitable that there was a feeling of pity of wasted resources inside.

Opposite.

The golden hairpin in Shen Menghua's hand was at this time radiating with a poignant blood red glow, and her eyes also contained the colour of despair.

Watching the Heaven Desire Demon Sect approaching closer and closer, her body was uncontrollably quivering a little.

She held the golden hairpin tighter, and a few drops of blood quietly slipped through her fingers.

One drop suddenly fell to the thumb-sized jade pendant hanging at her waist.

Hum!

Upon contact with the bead of blood, the jade pendant produced a buzzing sound, as though it had sensed danger and then emitted a mournful signal.

The sound attracted many people to look down to the jade.

The pattern on the jade pendant seemed to have suddenly absorbed the blood, the lines were filled with rapidly wandering blood and suddenly emitted a bright red light.

In the distance.

Ye Qingyu's eyes flashed.

Originally with their current state and situation, they should not be saving people.

But the jade was like a blow in his face that shook Ye Qingyu.

Jade pendant!

The pattern on the dress of the Mystery woman on the stone bed.

It was the only thing associated with the mysterious white-haired woman on the stone bed of the Underground Moon Palace.

It was the only thing that had something to do with someone who looked like his mother.

It was the only clue that can help him find the mystery person and even his mother.

No matter what.

These few people must not die!

He suddenly took a deep breath and seemed to have finally made up his mind.

He looked sideways at the three people around him.

When the three people saw Ye Qingyu's expression, they immediately understood his thoughts, their eyes containing trust, as they gave a smile in response.

Ye Qingyu turned to carry Old Fish who had dozed off.

Old Fish as before squinted his eyes, but still raised his rough bark-like hand, and the void was suddenly rippling like a solid substance.

Suddenly, a line of green light sped around.

A square shaped boundary appeared in the void.

The boundary was increasingly spreading as it enveloped below from the mid-air, surrounding the Heaven Desire Demon Sect and the Hundred Spirits Sect.

The eight eyes looked at one another, as the four people nodded lightly.

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

North, east, south and west, the four directions.

Four streams of flowing light were flickering.

Ye Qingyu and the others made a move.

In order not to cause great fluctuations of yuan qi and noise that would arouse the other top masters, they must deal the fatal blow at the fastest speed possible and not leave anyone alive.

Before the people could react, the strong boundary walls had surrounded them.

Before the several scholars of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect had time to draw their sword or activate yuan qi, there was a layer of misty mass of chaos qi shrouding them that made them unable to budge an inch.

Ye Qingyu and the others attacked from all sides, and with full-strength, without holding back at all.

The one sword strike of the White Lotus Immortal sword.

The Thunder and Lighting Dragon Fist of the True Will of the Sky Dragon shattered all meridians and organs.

A green light flashed past and one of the scholars had split into two, like dead wood.

“Dusk!”

Hu Bugui threw out his fist, and the scholar in front spurted out blood as a fist-sized hole suddenly emerged on his abdominal area. His flesh burst, body ruptured and he finally died.

Without yuan qi to resist, the few experts that were half a step into the Immortal Step boundary, at this moment, were being trampled on like puppets, without the slightest power to counterattack.

The killing moves were all completed.

Hu Bugui’s fingers lightly pinched together, the grey tile in mid-air descended slowly into his hand and the light faded.

The moment the rabbit had fallen, the eagles swooped down. The experts of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect were all killed in seconds.

The Hundred Spirits Sect disciples present were utterly stunned.

They never dreamed that something like this would happen.

“It’s you!”

Shen Menghua was the first to see the figure in front.

Tears blurred her eyes, but with one glance she recognized it was Gongzi Tian Huang!

No!

It was Ye Qingyu.

The so-called evil member of Heaven Wasteland.

The living coordinates that the whole Clear River Domain was trying to find.

“Long time no see.”

Ye Qingyu looked at Shen Menghua whose face was crossed with shock, with a slight smile.

At this moment, Shen Menghua simply felt that this was the most beautiful voice she had heard, like the sounds of nature, and in her eyes, the Ye Qingyu who was silhouetted against the bright light and covered with light golden rays of sun, looked like a world-saviour god of war.

Liu Ruxin also fell into great shock and surprise.

On the other side.

And completely opposite was Xiao Yunlong. At this moment he still could not react to what was happening before his eyes.

Run.

Quickly run.

This was Xiao Yunlong's first reaction.

After recognizing Ye Qingyu, all his spirit and courage were melted in an instant.

Boom!

He turned around and bolted, but 10 meters later was bounced back by the invisible boundary walls.

“Hahahaha! Little kid, don't run, running is a waste of effort.”

Hu Bugui folded his arms on his chest with a smirk on his face.

“Right, right you have not felt it before, how do you know that next it would be pain rather than the happiness of paradise?”

Liu Shaji also came out of the shadows, sneering at him who had collapsed to the ground in panic.

Xiao Yunlong remembered these two people very clearly.

Ye Qingyu exchanged a look with Hu Bugui and Liu Shaji, and couldn't help smiling.

As expected they were like-minded people.

Opposite.

Xiao Yunlong had already turned crazy and unexpectedly wetted his pants.

“Hahahaha!”

Even the always serious Nan Tieyi could not help leaning back and laughing.

Making clear distinction between kindness and hatred, gratitude and revenge is indeed delightful!

Before he did have a bit of hesitation, but at this moment he had put all the teachings of his ancestors to the back of his head, his inner heart was clear and resolute.

Ye Qingyu went over and coldly looked down at Xiao Yunlong who was too frightened to even glance up.

Xiao Yunlong trembled, as though he had exhausted all the strength of his body to slightly raise his head a little, his eyes filled with fear and despair.

“Gongzi Tian Huang, oh, no, Ye... Master Ye, you... let me go once!”

Xiao Yunlong crawled over and held Ye Qingyu's leg with his mud-stained hands, crying in a shrill and trembling voice.

“I... I... I will not reveal your whereabouts to anyone!”

Xiao Yunlong, like an ant in the ocean had grabbed hold of a shred of straw, futilely begged for a chance to live in exchange.

Ye Qingyu lifted his leg and kicked Xiao Yunlong a few meters away.

Xiao Yunlong immediately rolled and crawled back over, raised his sleeve to rub to Ye Qingyu's trouser leg.

“Master Ye Qingyu... I... I do not agree with Greater One Sect now, I... I can join the Thunder and Lightning Sect... I... I can make tea for you guys... right... yes! I can take you out of this mountain range!” In a state of madness, Xiao Yunlong seemed to have found a faint light in the dark, suddenly screamed loudly, “Yes, I remember, I was a disciple of the Greater One Sect, I know how to leave these boundaries, I know the road of the Greater One mountains!”

He was like a dying animal, wailing and screaming.

“A scum that betrays his own sect, betrays the Master that brought him up, and commits any imaginable crime, do you think we will believe you?” Ye Qingyu looked away.

Evidently he didn't want to be entangled with this disgusting man anymore.

The next moment.

Purple lightning currents soared, as he repeatedly slammed his fist at the cowering Xiao Yunlong.

Ah!

Xiao Yunlong screamed out tragically like a slaughtered pig.

“Hahaha, Tian Huang, leave it to me... these days I have nowhere to vent my anger, let me also vent my feelings.”

Standing at the side with his arms folded, Hu Bugui suddenly showed a spark of interest, stepped forward, and shot out meteor-like fist lights one after another.

Ah!

Xiao Yunlong screamed more miserably.

The rest of the people were watching with cold eyes.

Only in the eyes of the middle-aged woman and three disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect were filled with hatred against Xiao Yunlong and gratitude for Ye Qingyu.

When Xiao Yunlong had been beaten until he was vomiting out a mixture of blood and visceral impurities, and only the strength to whimper, Ye Qingyu finally felt that his anger almost dissipated.

He kicked Xiao Yunlong who was pretending to be dead and uttered a cold snort.

Then he turned towards the direction of the Hundred Spirits Sect.

“I leave this man to you.”

Ye Qingyu looked at Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxin.

He understood, for Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxin whose sect had been destroyed, what sort of feeling they would have encountering such an evil bastard when they were wounded and fleeing for their lives.

He forced their Shishu to death and intended to defile them.

With this hatred, it was not wrong to hack him into pieces.

Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxin who were already incredibly grateful, were unable to exhibit their feelings into words.

With their eyes glistening with tears, they nodded to Ye Qingyu.

Exchanging a glance, the two drew their sword, step by step headed toward the motionless Xiao Yunlong lying on the ground.

Beaten beyond recognition, Xiao Yunlong tried his best to open his swollen eyes.

The silvery light of the sword painfully pierced his eyes, he slightly moved his lips that had swollen into several layers to beg for something.

AH!

Two sword lights pierced straight through.

With one left and one right, the sword ran right through his heart and lungs.

Xiao Yunlong's face went stiff and his breathing stopped——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 570:


Chapter 589, Return to the Underground Immortal palace

Xiao Yunlong was an elite disciple of the Greater One Sect and was quite well known in Clear River Domain.

Ye Qingyu's gaze panned across the remains of the corpses on the ground, sighing slightly.

Even if the several elders of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect were killed at the same time, and it happened in an instant, but in less than a few moments the Heaven Desire Demon Sect will let others know through some sort of secret techniques. They would soon be lead to this place.

It was time to move.

“Today we have come across deadly attacks. Fortunately young master Ye and others helped out, the Hundred Spirits Sect will never forget this kindness.” The weak middle-aged woman walked forward and slightly bowed. She was the last surviving Hundred Spirits Sect elder who had come to the Greater One Sect to participate in the Storm Sword Duel gathering, but while she was expressing her gratitude, her eyes flashed a hint of alert.

Although Ye Qingyu and the others had saved them from the jaws of the tiger, it remained to be seen whether these people were wolves or not.

Having repeatedly fled for her life during this period of time, she had become frightened easily and more sceptical than before.

Indeed during this period of time, the Hundred Spirits Sect had really suffered too much. Adding to this the Heaven Wasteland Domain Ye Qingyu was rumoured to be a perverted demon with a not very good reputation.

How would Ye Qingyu not be able to tell from the expression of the elder. However, he was not at all bothered by it, cupped one fist in the other as he gave a little bow, slightly smiled and said, “It is something that all martial artists should do. No need to mention it. Senior, what are your plans next?”

A worried expression crossed her face when she heard this question, “This...”

She had no other plans.

The current situation was already very bad, which made her feel extremely helpless and not know what to do.

While she was at a loss, Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxin walked over together, and stood beside the middle-aged woman with one on the left side and the other on the right.

“Young master Ye may not know that the Heaven Desire Demon Sect have long been plotting with the Demon Spider Race and have become their lackeys.” There was still tears at the corner of Shen Menghua's eyes, and on her long eyelashes hung beads of glistening tears, but when she mentioned this, an insuppressible indignation and anger flashed to her eyes.

“Yes, yes, while we were escaping we heard the elders of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect mention that. If they had not become lackeys, they would not have been able to safely retreat during the chaos, and they would not have had the time to chase after us.” Li Ruxin's cheeks were blushing like the cherry blossoms in April and her eyes were flickering with gratefulness and admiration.

Teenage years are the time when girls are sprouting. Liu Ruxin was the genius of the Hundred Spirits Sect and had always been proud and arrogant, but ever since coming to the Greater One Sect and learning that there will always be someone better, she had curbed her arrogance. Most of all, the matters related to Ye Qingyu had caused a huge impact on this beautiful girl's heart, and unknowingly, Ye Qingyu had already occupied a position in her heart.

“The Heaven Desire Demon Sect really is the scum of the Human Race, they even colluded with the Demon Spider Race at this time.” Ye Qingyu's impression of the sect was really awful.

“Yes, no wonder that the Heaven Desire Demon Sect was not anxious to return to their nest, and had been remaining in the Greater One mountains, so they have found a huge supporter.” Hu Bugui swaggered over.

In his hand was a rag torn from the robe of a scholar of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect to wipe the blood of Xiao Yunlong stained on him.

Ye Qingyu pondered for a moment.

If the situation were as the Hundred Spirits Sect had told him, then there was no way they could escape the Greater One mountains right now.

If he left them to continue to flee by themselves, then they may reveal his whereabouts in order to protect themselves.

At this moment of danger, he had to give this situation more consideration.

After a brief thought, Ye Qingyu glanced at Nan Tieyi and Liu Shaji who were standing in the distance.

The three people exchanged glances, then they all nodded.

Ye Qingyu understood their meaning, slightly nodded, and cleared his throat, “Elder, since we are on the same boat, moreover I have some friendship with Shen Menghua, if you do not mind we could travel together, so we can look after each other. What do you think Elder?”

The middle-aged woman looked down, giving his suggestion a brief thought.

The young master Ye in front was the top prey right now, but he would like to invite them to escape together. He most likely was afraid that they would expose his whereabouts, which will attract a large number of people to come hunt for him.

Although she still did not know why a person of Heaven Wasteland Domain would rescue them and what his exact purpose was, but with their current fighting power, if they separated from these people, they will die undoubtedly.

Moreover, from observing the battles on the Storm Platform, it was clear that the strength of these people wouldn’t be so easily shaken.

If they were able to receive their sincere help, then there may be a chance to live.

“Then, we have to trouble you.”

She finally made a decision.

……

In the blink of an eye, three days had past.

The chasing still hasn't stopped.

And the number of people had increased by four, and it was incredibly difficult to hide ten people and a dog.

However, compared to blindly fleeing like before, this time, with a clear goal and direction, their path had become surprisingly smooth.

Although they had ran into attacks a few times along the way and everyone had been wounded, they eventually arrived safe and sound at the destination.

Valley.

Lake.

“Old man, are you sure?” Ye Qingyu looked at the dark green water in front and felt that the water of the underground river in his memory was not quite the same.

Old Fish humphed, paid no attention to Ye Qingyu, looked down, and watched the breeze rippling the water. He then comfortably twisted his body, stretched his shoulders, turned around, and confidently took the lead to dive into the water.

The saying, ‘like a fish in water’ was perhaps what the scene before him looked like right now.

Ye Qingyu shook his head, wishing the old man would be a little trustworthy.

He glanced at the most deeply wounded Liu Shaji beside him.

There were several foot-long sword scars on his black clothes, blood was dripping, and his complexion looked pale and haggard.

If it were not for the fact that they had to conceal their yuan qi and had to only use the simplest method to withstand against the enemies, would those masters and experts be able to injure the successor of the White Lotus Sword Sect.

Nan Tieyi who had been fighting beside him was not any better than him.

His white robe was already covered with mud and dust, and a few shocking scars had dyed his white clothes red.

Plop!

A transparent ripple-shaped bubble was suddenly pushed to the surface of the water.

“It's correct, come on down!”

Old Fish broke the surface and beckoned to them.

Everyone leaped into the water.

A bubble that only looked like one that a small fish had blown out, at this moment was like a rapidly enlarging vessel and carried the disciples and Shishu of the Hundred Spirits Sect.

Nan Tieyi also dived into the water, his entire body emitting out a thin layer of white mist, which isolated him from the water current.

Ye Qingyu glanced at Liu Shaji with a concerned gaze, who gently shook his head and then jumped into the water.

The White Lotus Immortal sword in his hand shot out strands of fluorescent light that were like living creatures, gently wrapping around Liu Shaji.

Ye Qingyu took Yu Xiaoxing's hand and jumped into the water together.

The two people stayed close to the silly dog, whose body was issuing a fluorescent light that enveloped Ye Qingyu and Xing’er.

As the crowd dove deeper, their sight began to darken and visibility was only less than 50 meters.

The lake was much deeper than imagined.

After a moment, the surroundings were already pitch-black that they could not even see their hands in front.

Old Fish led the way in front. Everyone activated yuan energy to withstand against the impact of the underground river water and closely followed behind.

Time slowly went by.

After some time, the current of the underground river was more and more terrifying; although everyone was wounded they clenched their teeth and persisted.

Another hour passed.

“Almost there.” Old Fish's voiced sounded in front.

Ye Qingyu looked ahead.

Indeed, a ray of white light was in the distance.

The group of people suddenly grew spirited, rapidly darting toward the source of the light.

After a moment.

Hua!

Everyone felt their body growing lighter, drilling out of the water one after another.

A mysterious and majestic Underground Moon Immortal Palace came into view.

The soft light of the clear and bright moon and the hazy mist were winding around each other, beautifully and magnificent.

This mysterious space was full of tranquility and a hazy beauty. Once everyone had planted their feet firmly on the ground, there was a carefree and relaxed feeling like they were in a fairyland.

Finally, he had returned to the Underground Moon Immortal Palace.

“It's so beautiful!”

Liu Ruxin couldn't help exclaiming aloud, she walked in front, darting her beautiful eyes around.

Shen Menghua and another junior sister followed behind, supporting the middle-aged woman, their eyes were also flashing with surprise.

Hu Bugui put his hands on his hips, drawing a deep breath, feeling the endless stream of essence of the world in the air.

“Hahahaha! Didn’t expect the Greater One Sect to have such a scenically beautiful paradise, if the Greater One Spiritual Master knew we had occupied this place, he will be so furious that he would vomit out blood.”

Yu Xiaoxing jumped and skipped around behind silly dog Little Nine, leaping across one pebble after another.

“Hey?”

She crouched down slightly, looking at the smooth, mirror-like surface of the water.

The surface of the water clearly reflected her appearance, which was slightly haggard, but her spirit had restored a lot.

“Take this!”

Little Nine raised his paw so that water splashed in the air, which reflected the sparkling luster of the water surface.

“You fat dog, don't run!”

Yu Xiaoxing was splashed right in the face. While lifting her sleeve to wipe the water away, she chased after Little Nine.

Watching Xing’er and the silly dog chasing and splashing water at each other, Ye Qingyu's mouth curved into a smile and his eyes were suffused with a soft light.

“It's like a fairyland here.”

Nan Tieyi stood at the side of a giant stalactite, which was faintly issuing a fluorescent glow that gave his body a soft and sparkling light like an immortal.

“Yes, it's a great place to concentrate on cultivation.”

Liu Shaji placed his palm lightly on a water-stained wall and slowly closed his eyes, feeling the gentle and comforting essence of the world created from the walls.

“Let's go.”

Ye Qingyu was the first to jump across the pebbles to lead everyone to the white jade stone steps and the paved pathway.

……

At the end of the pathway.

A spacious and tidy stone room appeared in front.

“So beautiful!”

Liu Ruxin was drawn by the ancient painting on the opposite wall and could not help pacing forward.

The middle-aged woman, attracted by the sound, also looked over.

“This...”

Although the woman in the painting did not have any facial features, but when the middle-aged woman saw this painting, her eyes unexpectedly flashed a familiar and puzzled look.

Ye Qingyu sharply captured this moment, and became much more certain that the woman on the stone bed was linked with the Hundred Spirits Sect in countless ways. However, the time was not right now, there was no time for him to question them further and the other side also may not necessarily be willing to answer him.

“Woof... there's nothing in this place... Woof, woof is hungry!”

The silly dog puffed out, rolling his eyes.

Ye Qingyu helplessly smiled; he had emptied this place earlier on so there was naturally nothing left.

He inspected around, then invited the elder and disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect to go rest in the stone room, and let Xing'er sit on the stone bed, and the remaining men naturally each found their own corner to rest.

They had finally found the perfect space where there was no need to stay on guard and they could operate qi to heal their injuries. They naturally had to have a good rest.

Only Old Fish was living a life of ease and leisure. Carrying the fishing pole that he bought in Fragrance Plains with him, he instantly went out.

Little Nine looked around and saw that everyone had their eyes closed. He almost without the slightest hesitation, twisted his head round, wiggled his butt, and eagerly followed.

In the coming period of time, everyone was trying to recover their injuries and recuperate.

There was no sun or moon underground, and time flew by.

One entire month had went by in the blink of an eye——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 571:


Chapter 590, Strength rises after breakthrough

The Underground Moon Immortal Palace.

Ye Qingyu was sat crossed-legged on a broken stalagmite on the underground river outside of the hidden chamber. Dense mist was curling around his body and a faintly discernible yuan qi was emitting from his body.

His face was calm, there was no joy or sorrow, like he was a monk that had entered into a meditative state, solemn and peaceful.

In the past one month, except for Old Fish who had been fishing in the underground river every day, all other people, including Ye Qingyu, almost had not eaten, drank, or slept for days, making use of every second to cultivate.

After the Storm Sword meeting, Ye Qingyu had greatly benefitted.

In addition to the battle against Chen Shaohua, he had observed and experienced the powerful moves of the martial arts experts of the top sects of Clear River Domain. In particular, Liu Shaji’s White Lotus Sword skills, Liu Xuezong, He Ju and other Immortal rank experts, and even the Greater One Spiritual Master and Nangong Jue. He had also experienced the aura of the Clear Sky Mirror, the Life Map and others sacred weapons, which all had a great impact on the development of his martial arts.

Ye Qingyu’s photographic memory ability made him remember every single martial arts move and technique that was displayed on the Storm Platform. Although he could not thoroughly understand the mystery of each, but it was still definitely a great supplement for Ye Qingyu’s martial system.

It should be said that Ye Qingyu’s cultivation techniques, up to the present day, except for the three main sword techniques, were slowly understood from the reading of countless books.

On his cultivation journey, he never had a master to teach him.

For him to be able to possess the cultivation skills that he had today, apart from the fortuitous encounters, all relied on his own ability to comprehend.

This inevitably meant that Ye Qingyu’s understanding of martial arts was not comprehensive,. Although his battle strength was very high, his foundation was not solid.

In the previous years, there had been many martial arts sages who learnt widely from others' strong points to create their own unique path. Only when one finds their own martial arts road, could one really be able to step on the peak.

Ye Qingyu had always been walking the road of others, cultivating the techniques that the formers sages had established, so what he lacked was valuable experience and accumulated wisdom.

And through spectating the battles on the Storm Platform this time, to a large extent, had supplemented his weakness in this aspect.

For the past one month, he had completely isolated himself to cultivate. In his mind, the countless moves and techniques of people were constantly played back, his comprehension of the entire Storm Sword Duel replayed over and over again. The thousands and thousands of moves, techniques, aura, divine weapons and so on, were constantly fusing, like forging iron. Purifying and refining over and over again to eliminate the impurities...

In the last 10 days, Ye Qingyu almost seemed to have petrified; he had not moved a single jot, and was immersed in a wonderful and mysterious world.

No one knew when it had started, but the aura curling around Ye Qingyu was beginning to undergo some wonderful changes. The yuan qi began to quietly rise, the surrounding temperature falling and there were faint ice crystals growing in the void, like fireflies, fluttering and spinning around him...

Above his head was a group of silver light like flames of nothingness leaping about and blazing brightly. The silver colour grew more and more dazzling, brighter and brighter, but without giving off the slightest heat.

Centering around him, a faint layer of frost appeared on the ground.

A beautiful ice pattern that looked skillfully carved, like a lively silver dragon twisted around Ye Qingyu’s feet, legs, and body, and extended towards all directions...

Wherever the icy silver dragon passed by, everything was frozen solid.

A horrifying chill, with Ye QIngyu as the center, spread out in all directions, causing the temperature within the entire Underground Moon Immortal Palace to plummet.

While Ye Qingyu was completely submerged in the silver brilliance.

Around his side, silver crystals were increasing in size, transforming into an elegant snowflake the size of a saucepan lid, surging and whistling like lightning, and their trajectory, like the horn of an antelope, could not be detected at all. They were extremely mysterious, like waves of a river of stars, like stars moving along its course...

Liu Shaji and the others were also alarmed.

Looking across from afar, and seeing the strangeness coming from Ye Qingyu's body, everyone looked indefinitely bewildered.

They were able to clearly sense that a peculiar ice yuan qi was growing within Ye Qingyu’s body, and the rate of growth was simply astonishing.

In their impression, Ye Qingyu’s forte had always been his powerful physical strength and the purple lightning and thunder power. They had never seen Ye Qingyu display such strange ice yuan qi power.

Only Yu Xiaoxing, after her initial surprise, had understanding dawning on her face.

“Cousin's strength is about to be restored.” The girl's face lit up.

Hearing her say this, Liu Shaji, Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi were slightly taken aback for a moment.

About to be restored?

This meant...

The former tyrannical and powerful Ye Qingyu had not shown his true strength yet? Could it be that this ice yuan qi was his real strength?

This was a little too abnormal, isn't it?

The several women of the Hundred Spirits Sect were also alarmed. They ended their cultivation training and walked over to this side, and a look of shock crossed their face when they saw Ye Qingyu from hundreds of meters away.

“Yo, this little rascal seems to be making a breakthrough, haha, kind of interesting.” Old Fish came over with the fishing pole resting on his shoulder, and after observing him for a while he said with a grin, “All scatter, scatter, don't disturb this little rascal.”

When the crowd heard this, they immediately drew back for fear of disturbing Ye Qingyu.

They were all martial arts experts, so they also understood that Ye Qingyu should be in a state of enlightenment that many martial artists dreamt of. This harvest was enough to make many Immortal Step experts envious.

Time slowly went by.

The snowflakes that shrouded Ye Qingyu had unknowingly become spheres of silver light, like the stars. There was a total of one hundred that revolved around Ye Qingyu, like it was orbiting the universe, slowly moving up and down, left and right.

This scene really was too shocking.

From afar, it looked as if Ye Qingyu had turned into a giant demon, sitting cross-legged in the boundless cosmic void and stars that were almost the size of a fist were revolving around him as though he was the center of the universe.

Seeing the brilliance of the one hundred stars from afar, Hu Bugui and the others were completely shocked, wide-eyed, and speechless.

They understood what this was.

The springs of yuan qi.

Only when someone had 100 yuan qi Spirit springs in one's body, will there be such a spectacle during the ultimate cultivation.

That meant...

“This boy...” Hu Bugui clenched his teeth.

Liu Shaji was equally as astonished.

Nan Tieyi, after the initial shock, curved his lips into a smile. He could not help but think back to the willful Tian Huang on the Storm Platform, and suddenly felt that everything in sight made sense.

The three people at this time all had the same thought; they all believed that they had already given Ye Qingyu a very high appraisal before, but now it seems that their high appraisal before was underestimating this little brother.

They knew exactly what it truly meant to cultivate one hundred Spirit springs.

The ancient Martial arts Emperors, whether it was the Three Sovereigns or Five Emperors, it was all the same.

Once 100 spring eyes are opened, it indicated that there will be a chance of reaching the peak in the future.

In the distance.

The ice yuan qi that was emanating from Ye Qingyu's body was being, little by little, retrieved into his body.

The silvery flames leaping and blazing above his head gradually sank back to his body.

The one hundred huge stars were arranged in different order; like a swallow returning to its nest, it went back to the dantian of Ye Qingyu’s body.

The dense mist gradually disappeared.

The figure was clear.

Ye Qingyu's face gradually gained a glimmer of expression, his mouth curving in a smile, as he suddenly shot open his eyes and slowly stood up.

Holding out his hand, an ice crystal on his palm condensed and constantly changed into a variety of shapes, landscape, insects, flowers, trees, people, spiritual birds and strange beasts, all lifelike.

“It's really a pleasant surprise.”

Ye Qingyu couldn't help laughing.

He never thought that, after he was hunted like a dog, fled for a month, came to this Underground Moon Immortal Palace, and after a moment of enlightenment, he would succeed by a lucky stroke. This had thereby solved the biggest and most difficult problem that had been bothering him.

The imprisonment of his consciousness was finally broken.

Even Ye Qingyu had not figured out what this process was about. All along, his consciousness was imprisoned in the mural space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] unable to break free, but in this one cultivation training, it had been completely released.

“Is this what they mean by when conditions are right, success will follow naturally.”

Ye Qingyu felt the refreshing and comfortable feeling of the consciousness being restored to its full state, feeling his body regaining the energy of yuan qi, like he had been reborn.

“The power of consciousness is restored, my yuan qi power is restored, and now my strength...” He activated his yuan qi power, circulating around his body several laps, and immediately felt the endless power inside him like the sun had erupted.

The internal view of the consciousness.

In the barren dantian world, the yuan qi spring was bubbling like the eye of the sea, the yuan qi river was surging and roaring, just like a flood had broken out. In the blink of the eye, a river of yuan qi had broken through the former clog, constantly gathering, forming into a lake, then a sea and finally an ocean.

Only a year had past but the barren dantian world was now covered in a vast body of water, thousands of miles of waves were roaring and bursting forth.

The waves roared, sea sprays thrown thousands of meters high.

A wave gushed to the sky.

This was the sign of the Heaven Ascension boundary.

Moreover the wave had rocketed to thousands of meters high; this was not a simple sign of the Heaven Ascension boundary.

As they say, tread on the waves, aim for the sky, thousand of waves form into one, one wave ascends to the heaven.

Ye Qingyu observed for a moment, when he saw the highest wave was at least 6,000 meters.

“If I had not remembered wrong, the yuan qi wave in the Bitter Sea that are more than 5,000 meters can be regarded as the middle stages of the Heaven Ascension, more than 6,000 meters is halfway of the higher stages of the Heaven Ascension boundary.”

Ye Qingyu had already determined his current yuan qi cultivation level.

To rise from the Bitter River to half way of the higher stages of the Heaven Ascension boundary was something many gifted experts may take a century or so to achieve. Even minor geniuses had taken hundreds of years in the past before being able to come to this step.

But Ye Qingyu did it in one go.

So that his strength had risen dramatically, Ye Qingyu’s cultivation had been frozen and sealed away for a very long time.

Based on the previous growth rate of his strength, this kind of growth was reasonable.

Apart from the growth of strength, Ye Qingyu's consciousness was more terrifying than it was before, and almost abnormal. The consciousness strength of many Immortal step veterans most likely cannot be compared to him.

This was all thanks to the mysterious effect of the mural space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

“Ah, this feeling is really good.”

Ye Qingyu couldn't help burst out laughing.

He very carefully felt the changes in his strength, his mood unprecedentedly relaxed. After this, even if they ran into Immortal Step experts, he will have the power to fight back.

“I wonder how long has past, I should go out to take a look. I cannot hide in this Underground Moon Immortal Palace forever.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 572:


Chapter 591, Fast change of scene

An hour later.

In the stone room of the Underground Moon Immortal Palace.

Everyone was gathered together with a cheerful look on their face and their spirit seemed very good. Evidently their injuries had fully healed, and, like Ye Qingyu, they have benefited greatly here. The condition of their bodies were much better than when they had just arrived at the Underground Moon Immortal Palace.

They had been hiding in the Underground Moon Immortal Palace for one whole month, completely unaware of the current situation outside.

Although they would be safe here, everyone knew that they should not wait anymore.

“I wonder how the outside situation is now. The Heaven Desire Demon Sect has evil intentions against our Hundred Spirits Sect. We have been cultivating and recuperating for one month already, while Master is outside and without help. How could they fight against the Heaven Desire Demon Sect!” The little junior sister of the Hundred Spirits Sect Liu Ruxin said, a worried frown crossing her delicate and beautiful face.

Shen Menghua was also inwardly worried and anxious about the safety of the Hundred Spirits Sect.

But she also knew that she cannot ask Ye Qingyu again to do anything for them, so she silently stood aside and did not say a word, pondering about something.

Nan Tieyi also felt the same way. “Yes, before coming to the Underground Moon Immortal Palace the situation was already chaotic. In the confrontation between the Human Race and the Demon Spider Race, just how many changes have occurred in this one month?”

They all nodded and agreed, only Old Fish was fully concentrated on grilling fish and the silly dog Little Nine was drooling over it.

Ye Qingyu was worried about Heaven Wasteland Domain.

He was very clear that, even if the major forces of Clear River Domain were unable to obtain the domain coordinates of Heaven Wasteland Domain from him and Yu Xiaoxing, the domain gate of Heaven Wasteland Domain had already been opened and the domain coordinates was shown on the boundary sky wall. The coordinates of Heaven Wasteland Domain will be exposed sooner or later!

The forces of Clear River Domain may also possibly use some other means to find the entrance to Heaven Wasteland Domain!

He was incredibly anxious.

Ye Qingyu swept his eyes across the crowd and after a brief thought, said solemnly, “Staying here is not a good way to solve the current problem, we should go out to explore and see.”

Hu Bugui was the first one to agree.

The bandit leader stretched and moved about his arms and legs, jumping up and down. “I agree, I am going to suffocate soon, if I do not go out to stretch my muscles, my bones will rust!”

The crowd broke into laughter.

Ye Qingyu continued, “But if we go out now, there will be a risk. If the people had not retreated we would have to flee again, and adding to this we have a large number of people with us now, it will be inconvenient to travel, so I think this time only a few people should go out to take a look first.”

“Indeed.” Liu Shaji nodded.

After one month of resting, Liu Shaji had resumed his elegant young master demeanor, and a faint liveliness was radiating from his every movement.

“Then the candidate to go out,” Shen Menghua's eyes lit up, but then she stopped halfway between her sentence.

“I'll go,” Ye Qingyu said with a smile.

“Count me in!” Hu Bugui said eagerly.

“I'll go too!” Liu Shaji smiled.

“And me,”  Nan Tieyi said unhesitantly.

Old Fish twisted his head around to look at everyone and grinned, “I am too old, I won't go, hehe.”

When they heard the first word from Old Fish, they thought he was going to tell them that he will bravely go out, but when he finished his sentence they were all speechless.

Ye Qingyu ignored Old Fish, looked at Hu Bugui, Liu Shaji and Nan Tieyi, slightly pondering.

“Think quickly, I can't wait anymore, I tell you if you don't let me out today. I'm done!” Hu Bugui could not hold back his temper, and impatiently interrupted.

“Then you go, my ears can finally have some peace and quiet.” Old Fish scratched his ear and said irritably.

Ye Qingyu understood Old Fish’s meaning.

Then I and Old Hu will go out to take a look, I will bring Little Nine and Old Hu will bring his treasures, so we can protect ourselves if we run into anyone. As for Brother Shaji and Tieyi, please patiently wait for our news here.”

Hu Bugui triumphantly laughed when he heard this.

“Hahaha, this is more like it! I can finally go out to exercise my muscles! Then he clapped his hands upon the shoulders of Liu Shaji and Nan Tieyi. “Don't worry you two, you two can go next time, hehe.”

Liu Shaji calmly patted Hu Bugui back on the hand, nodding. “No worries, we will stay here to wait for your news. If someone accidentally broke in here, it won’t be a problem for Tieyi and I to defend this place, you just need to worry about the outside.”

Ye Qingyu nodded, “Good! I will leave this place to you.”

Shen Menghua stepped forward, bowing her head deeply to Ye Qingyu. “I also hope that Brother Ye can find out about the current status of the Hundred Spirits Sect. If you have any spare energy, I hope Brother Ye can help us out. Menghua will be very grateful.”

Ye Qingyu slightly smiled, “It's a very slight effort, so why say thanks? I have already promised to help the Hundred Spirits Sect. I naturally will not go back on my words.”

Shen Menghua did not know how to express her gratefulness into words. She understood that Ye Qingyu was not someone that cares about mere formality and etiquette, nodded to Ye Qingyu and stepped back to stand next to her Shishu and two junior sisters.

Yu Xiaoxing cast a glance over at the direction of Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxin, a slight inexplicable smiling expression flickered within her sharp eyes, and quietly stood to one side.

Ye Qingyu looked over at Yu Xiaoxing, nodded, and said a few words to her before he turned back to face everyone. “Then we will go now.”

With Liu Shaji, Nan Tieyi and Old Fish watching over the Underground Moon Immortal Palace, there was sure to be nothing happening. Ye Qingyu had nothing to worry about, so after a little preparation, set off with Hu Bugui.

……

The Greater One mountains.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Two beams of brilliance.

Boom!

The next moment, the two beams of light like bombs dropped to the ground, whipping up dust and sand.

A moment later, the light dispersed as two figures, one fat and one thin, emerged.

The thin man was constantly fanning away the dust. “Bah, why is there so much dust, what is that strange smell, it's suffocating!”

When the fat man landed, he immediately looked around, too busy to heed the thin man’s complaints.

These two figures were the two people that had returned to the ground from the Underground Moon Immortal Palace, Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui.

The nimble fat man was the changed appearance of Ye Qingyu, and the thin person was the great thief Hu Bugui.

Before leaving the Underground Moon Immortal Palace, Hu Bui insisted the elegant Ye Qingyu to disguise as a fat man, while he change into a thin, bamboo pole-like appearance.

Ye Qingyu did not care about appearances, so followed Hu Bugui’s suggestion and paid not the slightest attention to Hu Bugui’s mischievous idea.

The two men scanned the surroundings.

The low, dark sky was covered in thick and dense demonic qi. The sky was gloomy, without the slightest glimmer of light, pale, blood-red mist filled the lifeless primeval forest, and there was a rotten odour within the vile pungent blood stench.

The once beautiful and enchanting fairyland-like Greater One mountain regions had been completely turned into an Asura-like death land, even the air was disgusting and nauseating.

The surroundings were an utter silence.

Without the slightest living force.

“How would it become like this, have we gone to the wrong place?” A look of disbelief crossed Hu Bugui's face.

“Look over there!” Ye Qingyu's pointed his fingers to the east.

“This...” Hu Bugui looked over in the direction that Ye Qingyu pointed, his heart palpitating. He could only see a blood-red colour across the sky, like blood had dyed the sky red.

He carefully sensed the surroundings and suddenly trembled with shock.

Not far away in the eastern direction, there was a lake concealed within the blood mist, which was where the stench was coming from.

“Go over and see.” Ye Qingyu's overweight body moved eastward, deftly.

“There is no life here, flowers and trees are dead, all living things are gone.” Hu Bugui quickly caught up with Ye Qingyu's pace.

“This has become a dead place. It is no longer tranquil and peaceful, and no longer the enchanting and beautiful landscape before.” Ye Qingyu sighed.

A moment later, the two men had already arrived at the lakeside that was shrouded in red mist.

The striking red lake was evaporating into faint red mist, and the thick stench of blood floated up from the lake.

There were thousands of corpses piled across the thousand-meter-long bloodstained lake, of both the Human Race and Demon Race, and both complete and incomplete.

The whole blood lake was like Asura hell, emitting an oppressive, bloody atmosphere.

The remnants of qi in the air formed bursts of irregular waves, striking in all directions with an evil and fierce spirit.

Ye Qingyu stared at the hell-like scene for a while, before he exclaimed in a tone of shock and disbelief. “I remember here was just low-lying ground covered with a variety of spiritual grass and flowers, and auspicious creatures were everywhere. Now it has become a pool of blood, the war between the two races is already so tragic! This low-lying land must accommodate at least dozens of experts’ corpse to form this blood lake of thousands of meters long!”

The shock on Hu Bugui’s face had not diminished at all.

He spotted a corpse in the blood lake and suddenly exclaimed, “Heavens, that is the Master of the Vast Heaven Sect. Decades ago he killed a Demon Spider prince with the supreme techniques of his Broken Cloud sword. And from then on he became well known, to think he would have also perished here.”

Ye Qingyu looked over to where Hu Bugui’s line of sight was on, only to see that at the edge of the blood lake was an upper body torn from the waist that was pouring out blood.

It was a middle-aged man with a face that looked only forty or fifty years old, with a dignified appearance.

Even when fallen, he still maintained a solemn and tragic look.

The scarlet blood soaked his torn clothes, and the clothes on his severed waist was fluttering in the wind.

The mangled organs and intestines were ripped from his severed waist and scattered over the blood lake.

His hands clenched a dark and gloomy sword, the broken sword was covered with cracks.

A grey crystal stone inlaid on the hilt was covered with cracks. It had lost its original luster, and could be turned into ashes at any time.

“His enemies are there.” Ye Qingyu pointed to a corpse not far away.

Hu Bugui followed the direction that Ye Qingyu pointed to, where a giant demon wolf expert was floating on the blood lake.

A fractured blade was stabbed right between the eyebrows, the eyeballs had burst out from the hideous beast face, leaving a terrified and shocked expression on its face.

Its giant claw was tightly grasping the lower body of a human, and the style of clothes of the severed corpse indeed belonged to the master of the Vast Heaven Sect just now!

“Sigh, even if one’s name is known across the world, one still cannot escape this battle. This may be the fate of martial experts,” Hu Bugui said in a melancholy tone.

He tapped the ground with his foot, turning into a stream of light and darted over to the demon wolf expert’s body. His palm transformed into a blade to sever the wolf's giant claw and to bring the lower body of the Vast Heaven Sect master back to the lake side.

“It may be the only thing we can do for him now,” Hu Bugui said solemnly.

Once he finished speaking he thrust out his fist, creating a deep pit on the lakeside, and solemnly laid the two severed bodies in neatly, and then, with Ye Qingyu, buried the Master of the Vast Heaven Sect in soil.

Having done all this, the two men bowed deeply to the simple and crude grave by the blood lake.

Ye Qingyu patted Hu Bugui on the shoulder, “Old Hu, let's go forward ahead and see.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

