Chapter 1005:


Chapter 1020 – You’re Finally Here


Capital Sky Peak was in the southwest area of the Wei River Mountain Range.

It was a mountain peak of more than ten kilometers, resembling a sword-shaped token which stood tall on the land of the Clear River Domain. Although it was not the highest peak in the Wei River Mountain Range, it was the most magnificent and extensive one, taking up several kilometers of land. And while it was not dangerously steep, it had a royal grandeur about it as it overlooked the surrounding mountains, as if it was governing the landscape on behalf of the heavens. Hence why it was called the Capital Sky Peak.

For a long period of time, it could not be considered famous.

This was because, being excessively magnificent and vast, it suppressed the landscape and rendered the underground Spirit veins unable to pass through. As a result, it was extremely sparse in terms of spiritual qi and naturally could not become an Immortal abode. It was covered in ice and snow throughout the year and was constantly assailed by howling winds, such that it was extremely cold. Given the harsh natural environment, it was natural that few intelligent beings and no martial force would establish their base here.

Aside from its extremely imposing name and magnificent terrain, this mountain peak could be considered a barren land.

However, this was all in the past.

The experts from many races who now appeared in the area surrounding the Capital Sky Peak were all very clear that this mountain peak would soon become a legendary place and play an important part in the history of the Vast Thousand Domains, regardless of the future development of the Vast Thousand Domains and whichever race or force came into power.

This was because three Quasi-emperors were now engaging in a large battle here.

“Ten days and nights have gone by. I wonder what the situation on the mountain is like?” someone asked softly.

Nobody replied.

The number of experts from various races who had gathered below the Capital Sky Peak already exceeded several hundred thousand.

It could be said that, over the past period of time, any expert who did not die among the bloody massacre in the Wei River Mountain Range had already arrived here, regardless of race or force. By this time, the massacre had lost its meaning and ended. Only the Quasi-emperor battle on Capital Sky Peak would decide the fate of all humans.

However, it had been ten days and nights since [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], the Four Stars Sect’s Quasi-emperor, and Quasi-emperor Mushan set foot on the Capital Sky Peak, yet no news had been heard from them.

Even the world-destroying aura expected of a large Quasi-emperor battle had not diffused from the mountain top.

The winds swept along a blood-red fog which obstructed all sight.

The path to the mountain top was under the control of Dark Great Saints whose origins were unknown, and was also being blocked by several super forces. Hence, even the pinnacle Great Saints did not dare to climb the mountain and could only wait below for the Quasi-emperor battle to end. Earlier on, someone had self-professed to be of uncommon status and, out of confidence in their own strength, tried to force their way up the mountain, but was soon chopped into two, with their bones freezing into ice crystals!

Throughout the silent wait, everyone’s heart was in their mouth.

They had little choice.

This was because the entire Wei River Mountain Range had been locked up by a Quasi-emperor formation such that none of the several hundred thousand experts could even think about leaving.

This had been verified by countless experts.

An invisible sky shield inverted over a circumference of several hundred thousand kilometers. As a result of this Quasi-emperor’s method, the experts from various races had nowhere to go, much like lambs trapped in a pen to await slaughter.

“If you all don’t surrender, I shall kill all of you after Li Xiaofei dies.”

This was the Four Stars Quasi-emperor’s proclamation before he went up the mountain ten days ago.

This proclamation was like a sharp sword which hung over the heads of the crowd and could chop them off at any time to cause these several hundred thousand experts to die here without burial.

Everyone had heard the news that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was surprise-attacked in the Reincarnation Hall and was thus already heavily injured. Moreover, according to news from various sources, Quasi-emperor Mushan, who had appeared out of nowhere, was secretly in cahoots with the Four Stars Quasi-emperor. Hence, by all accounts, there was little chance of victory for [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], whose name had awed the world.

In other words, these experts from various races were all but dead if they did not yield.

Nobody would doubt a Quasi-emperor’s proclamation.

Therefore, everyone was afraid.

On top of that, nobody knew when this imperial battle would end. It could be a day, two days… or a month… In any case, time went by at a snail’s pace, as if the heaviest of judgments could befall at any moment. Every expert was thus perpetually in a state of extremely nerve-wrecking torment.

To not surrender was for one’s dignity and freedom.

On the other hand, to surrender was for one’s life.

Hence, over the past ten days, nearly ten thousand experts had already decided to surrender.

The way to surrender was very simple.

It could be done simply by swallowing a [Three Corpse Yuan-Stealing Pill] and then pledging one’s allegiance using one’s martial soul.

However, the simpler the conditions, the more frightening they were.

This was the first time everyone had heard the name [Three Corpse Yuan-Stealing Pill].

Even a fool could guess its effects.

After the pill was consumed, one would become controlled by the being one subsequently pledged allegiance to for the rest of eternity, with no chance of escape, to be used like a frontline puppet. This was confirmed by deed. For those experts who swallowed the pill and surrendered, their eyes turned completely black, their spirits weakened, and their foundations became unstable, giving every indication that they were under someone else’s control.

Six days ago, several hundred thousand experts personally witnessed what happened to a Saint who had decided to surrender but felt a little reluctance after swallowing the [Three Corpse Yuan-Stealing Pill]. Simply because he did not salute a Four Stars petty official who was in charge of registering the names of those who surrendered, the latter used a secret technique to work up the pill, instantly tormenting this pinnacle Saint to the point of lunacy. After displaying all sorts of ridiculous behaviors, he turned into a pile of sludge…

It was utterly audacious of this petty official, who was only a pinnacle Immortal Step realm warrior, to kill a pinnacle Saint by using the pill. Everyone could see that this was to serve as a warning.

The Four Stars Sect deliberately wanted to use this kind of explicitly humiliating method to obliterate everyone’s martial heart and cause them to forget their pride and dignity, thereby turning them into nothing but subservient robots.

After swallowing the pill, one would become a lackey with no chance of ever regaining one’s backbone.

Now that things had developed to this stage, every expert knew full well that the descent of the Reincarnation Hall had all along been one huge conspiracy plotted by the Four Stars Sect. By setting up an Asura killing field in the Wei River Mountain Range, the sect intended to completely lay bare the wild ambitions they had bottled up for countless years and annihilate the elite experts from various large races and forces in one swift stroke.

Killing these hundreds of thousands of experts from various races was as good as wiping out an entire generation of talented young experts. Of course, it would be even better than killing them if they could be manipulated to serve one’s purpose. The [Three Corpse Yuan-Stealing Pills] were apparently prepared for this scheme.

Once this objective was achieved, everything would be under the Four Stars Sect’s control.

Aside from the lofty Alliance of Domains, there would only be a handful of forces among the Vast Thousand Domains which could match the Four Stars Sect.

The precondition for the Four Stars Sect to actualize this wild conspiracy was to have a Quasi-emperor.

At the entrance to the sealed mountain path was a simple stone table at the back of which sat more than ten petty officials from the Four Stars Sect who laughed grimly as they watched over the experts below. They were clearly the weakest beings around, yet the expressions in their eyes were akin to those of lions and tigers looking at lambs.

“Hehe, there are still thirty thousand [Three Corpse Yuan-Stealing Pills] remaining.” The petty official who had humiliated and tortured the pinnacle Saint to death stood up and shouted bossily from above, “Listen well, you sitting ducks. After these pills have ran out, it’d be useless even if you kneel and beg us. Hehe, when that time comes, you won’t even have the right to surrender, and death shall be your only outcome. And it won’t be just you, but also your friends and sect mates who shall be killed.”

This petty official was certainly extremely arrogant to alone threaten several hundred thousand experts from various races.

“Dammit...” A Celestial Race Great Saint with a violent temper finally snapped having been continually humiliated by the petty officials. He shouted angrily, “Little wretch, how dare scum like you threaten us? I’ll kill you. Think I’m afraid to die? I’ll follow you down to hell.”

With that, he flashed into a beam of flowing light and intended to strike this petty official.

“Haha, I shall fulfill your wish for death.” The petty official guffawed. “Hold him down, I want him alive.”

From among the ten thousand-plus experts who had chosen to swallow the [Three Corpse Yuan-Stealing Pill] and surrender, several hundred figures zipped out and held down the Celestial Race Great Saint. After a messy fight, the Great Saint took down more than twenty surrendered experts but was ultimately outnumbered and captured alive.

The young petty official maliciously pried open the Great Saint’s mouth and forced a [Three Corpse Yuan-Stealing Pill] down him.

An agonizing howl was heard.

The Great Saint was quickly tormented into a pile of sludge. Being quite the tough one, he never surrendered until the end, but the horrible condition he ended up in having been torn apart alive was simply bone-chilling to everyone. The abject manner of his death certainly caused him to lose all dignity as a Great Saint.

“Anyone else?”

Standing high up on the mountain path, the petty official looked down and questioned.

Nobody else below dared to rebut in defiance.

The scene could not be any sadder.

The petty official’s sight swept like a blade across the crowd and suddenly fell upon several humans. Recalling a few things, he snickered as a hint of malice flashed across his eyes. He then raised a hand and pointed, saying, “You humans over there, get your ass over here right now… Yes, the few of you over there. You have three breaths’ worth of time to do so. Don’t make me take action!”

Among the crowd below.

The countenances of Tan Tianzi, Zhang Wudao, Situ Kongming, and Tao Jieqian changed dramatically.

As a party, they had narrowly managed to walk out alive from the Reincarnation Hall. After obtaining several opportunities, they were pursued by several factions and barely survived as they made their way here, and were thus terribly exhausted already. All this time, they had been hiding low-key among the depths of the crowd, and thus they certainly did not expect to be discovered and pointed out by the vicious young petty official.

Apart from them, the Thousand Illusions Elder and Orchid Saintess were also pointed out.

Six human experts were pointed out in total.

As the saying went, one has to lower one’s head while in another’s house. Without daring to hesitate too much, the six of them walked out with their flesh creeping. “Since we’re all humans, I shall grant the six of you the [Three Corpse Yuan-Stealing Pills].”

A sinister radiance flashed in the young petty official’s eyes as he looked at them with a rattish expression.

“Thank you, Your Excellency, thank you...” The Thousand Illusions Elder was overjoyed upon hearing the petty official’s words, and was already smiling fawningly and eagerly.

“However, I have a request.” The petty official’s eyes swept across the two female Saints with an expression of amazement as he laughed lewdly. “You two women shall vow to be my cultivation companions for the rest of your lives and to perform any mission I assign you without a hint of disobedience. That’s all you two have to do. As for the other four? Hehe, there shall only be two [Three Corpse Yuan-Stealing Pills] for the four of you. Haha, you shall have to fight against one another, and only the two who remain alive will be able to obtain this slice of fortune.”

“What?”

“You...”

Except for the Thousand Illusions Elder, the human experts were enraged.

Especially Tan Tianzi and Orchid Saintess, who were both awe-inspiring heroines out there and heavenly human maidens whose names had spread far and wide. They had been chased and cared for by countless Heaven’s pridelings and heroes, and it was only because of their devotion to the martial path that they had not become the cultivation companions of others. Nobody had ever dared to so brazenly disrespect and belittle these pure and noble figures before.

How dare an insignificant petty official of the Four Stars Sect have such a filthy mind?

“In what way are you compatible with us?” Tan Tianzi stared angrily while giving off a heroic spirit.

Orchid Saintess’ expression also became frosty. “Shameless! You’re also a human, yet you’re so eager to cause infighting among your own race. You’re truly contemptible to an extreme… Do you know that even the holy girl of your sect would call me Elder Sister Orchid when she sees me? How dare you treat me so disrespectfully? Are you tired of living?”

“Huh?” The young petty official was shocked when he heard this.

However, the next moment, he carefully recalled the order handed down by the holy girl and calmed down before saying sneerily, “How could someone of the holy girl’s status recognize your kind? Hoho, how dare you casually bring her into this? Hehe, I shall give you another chance to become my cultivation companion, otherwise, after you have consumed the [Three Corpse Yuan-Stealing Pill], I shall make you willingly strip off all your clothes in front of everyone and kneel on the ground crying and begging me.”

“Dream on.”

Orchid Saintess flatly refused.

Tan Tianzi’s posture also revealed a willingness to fight till death.

“Fine, great, bitches who don’t know what’s good for you… Seize them.” As soon as the young petty official waved a hand, several hundred figures zipped out from among the surrendered experts and surrounded the two women.

Meanwhile.

In the depths of the mountain path of Capital Sky Peak.

“Orchid Saintess was an associate of yours. Are you not willing to let her go?” Sitting cross-legged among the wind and snow with a long spear across his knees, the Third Prince of the Mizar Race sighed.

To one side, the quiet and graceful Four Stars holy girl gently shook her head, “I won’t allow my personal relationships to compromise an important sect matter.”

Yin Kaishan revealed a look of sympathy. “But, they’re humans too.”

“Whether they’re humans or other races, only those who submit to us can be considered our people. Otherwise, there’s no difference in my eyes.” The holy girl’s heart was as cold as ten-thousand-year-old dark ice and there was practically not a trace of humanity left in her. “Look at the hundreds of thousands of experts below. They’re a strong-willed bunch, and so we’ll have to completely break their will if we’re to bring them to submission. I naturally had my considerations when I chose these crafty, little petty officials for this task. They are the best people for this… We have to be unsentimental if we’re to unify and attain hegemony over all races.”

Yin Kaishan did not say a word more.

However, there was a somewhat confused expression in his eyes.

Unify and attain hegemony… What kind of hegemony will that be? And whose hegemony?

The holy girl did not explain this.

She looked indifferently at the several hundred surrendered experts below who, like a black tide, quickly captured Tan Tianzi, Orchid Saintess, and the others and brought them in front of the young petty official. Throughout this process, she was like a goddess watching a bunch of ants fighting against one another from above. There was not a flap in the depths of her heart as she watched Orchid Saintess, who used to be a sister to her, raving and struggling.

“Hehe, it’s too late for regret.”

As he stood in front of the two female Saints, the young petty official’s eyes flickered with an obscene expression.

He pinched hold of the chin of Orchid Saintess, whose cultivation had been sealed such that she was currently no different from an ordinary person. Under her angry gaze, he smiled wickedly and said, “I gave you a chance but, unfortunately, you didn’t heed my words. I said that I’d make you strip off your clothes and kneel down begging me...” With that, he stuffed a black pill which emitted a red mist toward her mouth.

She struggled desperately but was unable to break free.

A clear teardrop flowed from her eyes.

Just as the pill was about to enter her mouth, a beam of flowing light suddenly flashed by.

Bam!

The black pill exploded and turned into nothingness.

Utterly shocked, the young petty official quickly stepped back and hid behind the surrendered experts. With a ghastly pale complexion, he yelled, “Who did that? How dare you sneak up on me like that. Get your ass out here now. Are you hoping to die?”

“If heroes don’t show up, crooks would engage in crafty and evil business.”

A voice rang out.

Almost as soon as it was heard.

A white-robed figure with waterfall-like black hair landed beside Orchid Saintess.

As a sword light flickered, the dozens of surrendered experts surrounding Orchid Saintess were sliced into ice crystals and meat paste, instantly perishing.

Orchid Saintess subconsciously raised her head, only to see a not-quite-familiar yet certainly unforgettable face. With great astonishment, she asked, “You… it’s you?”

With a smile on his handsome face, the figure lifted her up and replied, “Of course it’s me. I’d once promised on the black beach of the Netherworld Sky River that I owe you a favor and will fight a battle on your behalf. Luckily, I arrived here in time.”

At the same time, Tan Tianzi eagerly and overjoyedly exclaimed, “Brother Ye Qingyu, you… you’re finally here.”

Indeed.

Ye Qingyu was finally here.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1006:


Chapter 1021 – Wine-Like Fame and Wealth, Knife-Like Battle Will


“What’s the situation?”

Arriving a little late, the fatty Li Shengyan descended among flickering flowing light, somewhat confused.

He could not understand how several hundred thousand experts from various races could, much like children being disciplined by their granddaddy, actually be put in order by a dozen or so petty officials of the Four Stars Sect. At least, based on their apparent strength, any one of them could alone beat the crap out of these petty officials.

Could these petty officials be in possession of some world-awing precious treasure?

The pitiful fatty had been chased like a dog in recent days and, like Ye Qingyu, had not been hearing much news. On top of that, he arrived late and thus completely did not know what happened below Capital Sky Peak.

“Let’s save these people before talking.”

As Ye Qingyu lifted Orchid Saintess up, an ice-cold longsword appeared in his hand. He then rapidly stepped forth with a sword light striking out.

Below the Capital Sky Peak, a silver sword light dazzled all.

With a sword in hand, Ye Qingyu went merciless on all evil spirits.

Without even working up the [Limitless Divine Way], fighting against the surrendered experts was as easy as cutting melons and cabbages to him. Nobody could catch hold of his tracks or clearly see the profound arc of those wisps of flickering sword light. The only thing they could see clearly was that whenever a wisp of sword light arose, an enemy of Ye Qingyu would be killed.

A single sword light could chill nineteen domains!

Within an instant, Ye Qingyu's figure reappeared beside Orchid Saintess.

Perhaps, in the eyes of the crowd, it was as if he had never left.

The only change was that an image had flashed and his body had become airy for a moment before solidifying again.

As for the boundless sword light which was so dazzling that it could not be looked straight at, it suddenly receded and reverted to an ice sword which fell into Ye Qingyu's hands. When Ye Qingyu's five fingers opened, a beautiful scene like that of flowers blooming appeared. The ice sword turned into snowflakes which fluttered like fairies and dissipated among the Void.

Silence.

A heavenly wind circulated.

The near-hundred surrendered experts who had been restraining Tan Tianzi, Zhang Wudao and the others were now standing stiffly on the spot like wooden carvings

Bam bam!

Bouts of soft knocking noises rang out.

The bodies of the surrendered experts suddenly ruptured.

Among them were many Half-Step Great Saints, yet their bodies had ruptured even before they had moved, their auras had arisen, their blades had been unsheathed, or the expressions on their faces had even changed. This kind of rupturing was not a tragic sight of flesh and blood flying and bones bursting out. Instead, at the moment when each of these bodies – whether human or otherwise - ruptured, it turned into dazzling flakes of ice crystals.

Sharp rays of light refracted into a motley of colors under the sunlight.

As these dream-like colors circulated, they formed the very picture of myriad fatal yet beautiful flowers of death blooming profusely under the Capital Sky Peak!

The surrendered experts who had struck out and surrounded Tan Tianzi and the others were totally wiped out within a breath’s time.

Tan Tianzi, Zhang Wudao, and the others, who had been carrying some anxiety along with their wild joy, afraid that Ye Qingyu would bring about his own doom by doing what he was doing, had by now been so astounded that they could barely speak. It must be known that this was a true case of one versus hundred. Although the near-hundred surrendered experts had forsaken their self-respect and glory, they were nevertheless Saints who had fought in hundreds of battles and possessed rich battle experience, and when they joined forces with one another, even pinnacle Great Saints would have to admit defeat to them. The Celestial Race Great Saint earlier served as an example.

It was hence unexpected that they would disappear in a flash.

What sort of method is this?

Surely I’m not dreaming?

Ye Jieqian subconsciously rubbed his eyes.

This kind of battle technique and strength could no longer be described as “unexpected” or “shocking”, but rather was so terrifying that they made one’s flesh and bones turn cold.

Orchid Saintess had wanted to say a few more words of thanks, but could not even speak a word at present.

Because, this heroine, who all along would rather die than submit, suddenly found that she had lost the courage to talk to the handsome white-robed youth beside her. This was an instinctive fear towards experts, and it caused her mind to be in a mixed state of vacancy and confusion.

To one side, Tan Tianzi was also like that.

As for the other hundreds of thousands of experts, they were of course also terribly astounded.

Practically none of them had clearly seen how Ye Qingyu attacked, and could only tell that it was an excessively atrocious, even world-shocking, method which slayed nearly a hundred surrendered experts in a breath’s time. Many began to wonder if this white-robed youth was actually a Quasi-emperor, and if so, why they had not heard of his emergence before.

However, it was not long before someone identified Ye Qingyu.

There was a din among the crowd.

“It’s Ye Qingyu, the third deputy of the Human Race.”

“The [Ice Sword Killing God]?”

“How’s that possible? The legendary Ye Qingyu isn’t said to be this strong. How could he have become so frightening?”

As all kinds of discussions were heard, the experts from various races became ever more shocked.

They were beginning to doubt their own outlook on life, and felt that their world view had been turned upside down.

On the mountain path.

Strong winds were blowing high up.

Sitting cross-legged, the Third Prince of the Mizar Race suddenly opened his eyes.

An alarming battle will suddenly spurted from his eyes, giving the impression that flames were burning in his eyes.

“Ye Qingyu has indeed turned up.”

Yin Kaishan gradually stood up.

Although the experts below Capital Sky Peak were the elite talents from various races throughout the Vast Thousand Domains, they were nothing more than a bunch of clay sculptures in his eyes. The only person who whetted his appetite for battle was none other than Ye Qingyu.

Hundreds of thousands of Heaven’s pridelings could not compare to Ye Qingyu.

Before the latter appeared, Yin Kaishan had restrained his battle will and remained as unmoved as a monolith.

But after Ye Qingyu displayed his immense strength, Yin Kaishan instantly felt his chest burning.

Finding it hard to suppress his battle will, he picked up his long spear and was about to head down the mountain.

However, the Four Stars holy girl shook her head.

“Don’t go.” With ice-cold and indifferent eyes, she was looking at the countless experts at the foot of the mountain as if she was looking at pawns on a chessboard. “It’s not time yet.”

After glancing sideways at the woman whom he swooned over and briefly hesitating, he nodded and went back to sitting cross-legged among the wind and snow. He then closed his eyes like an old monk going into a state of zen. Having obtained a supreme opportunity and immense gains while he was in the Reincarnation Hall, he needed to use every second and minute possible for fusion and refinement so as to enhance himself.

He knew very well that, at present, he had definitely not reached his strongest peak state.

Seeing Yin Kaishan in his current posture, the Four Stars holy girl let out a faint sigh of relief.

A hint of apology indistinctly manifested in her beautiful eyes.

“I’m sorry, Elder Brother Yin Kaishan.”

She silently sighed in her inner depths.

She understood this man all too well.

This indomitable, imposing man possessed a righteous, honorable, and resolute heart, and could pass for a fearless martial god. Unfortunately for him, having followed beside her for so long, he had inevitably been corroded by darkness, and had to go against his own conscience to indulge her.

All this time, as ruthless as she was when dealing with others, the Four Stars holy girl had maintained a sense of warmth and care toward him. This was because she could not be any clearer that if there was one person in this world who treated her with sincerity and would never betray her, it would be none other than him.

She sighed inwardly.

In truth, her mood had also fluctuated at the very moment when she saw Ye Qingyu appearing.

Just as only Yin Kaishan could make her feel warm, Ye Qingyu was the only person in this world who could make her helpless and even fearful.

These two men each had a special and distinctive place in her heart.

As she stood among the piercingly-cold winds and snow, she could not help recalling the scene when she first met Ye Qingyu.

Who would have thought that the unknown little fellow from a Human Race lower domain struggling desperately back then on the Taowu Mountain Ridge would, after such a long period of time, become her nightmare?

And in the form of an aberration which she had attempted to deal with several times yet frustrated her each time?

“But… things are different this time. Ye Qingyu, your myth shall end here. I shall let your glory reach its peak on this peak, but after that, it’ll become nothing more than a legend for posterity, while you shall become a stepping stone of mine.”

She gazed at the white-robed, black-haired man at the foot of the mountain for dozens of breaths’ worth of time before turning to leave.

“If they come up the mountain, don’t obstruct them, Elder Brother Yin Kaishan. Should anything happen, you may return to the Mizar Race first,” she transmitted as her graceful figure vanished among the wind and snow.

“You’re Ye Qingyu?”

The young petty official was already gradually calming down from his shock.

As he stood among the crowd of surrendered experts and received the protection of nearly ten thousand elite martial experts, he felt a sense of safety once more. Recalling his panic-stricken embarrassment of that earlier moment, an uncontrollable anger arose in his heart. He raised a hand and pointed at Ye Qingyu, yelling, “So it was you, hehe. I’d thought that you’ve already been hunted down since you didn’t appear for more than ten days, but it turns out that you actually managed to extend your feeble existence. This is simply wonderful. Her Highness the holy girl has wanted your head for a long time. Haha, to think that this outstanding contribution shall be left to our brothers to perform. Hahahahaha!”

The other petty officials also revealed looks of delight.

Those words had been spot on, for every sect member knew of the holy girl’s wish to kill Ye Qingyu.

In the past, given their status, they naturally would not dare to have any hopes of accomplishing a feat like this. However, things were different now. Under the control of the [Three Corpse Yuan-Stealing Pill], nearly ten thousand Saint experts would follow their orders. Moreover, the deterrence offered by the Four Stars Quasi-emperor ensured that the other hundreds of thousands of experts would certainly not dare to help Ye Qingyu. As such, by manipulating this large army and sacrificing a good part of it, they would surely be able to wear Ye Qingyu down.

Besides, even if it was not to claim merit from the Four Stars holy girl, the deed of killing the [Ice Sword Killing God] who had awed the Road of Chaos, once spread, would allow these ten petty officials to make a name for themselves and leave behind a legendary tale among the Vast Thousand Domains.

As the saying went, ‘life is all about fame and fortune’.

How could they not reap this massive opportunity for fame and fortune?

“Go, I want all of you to go and exhaust him to death.”

“Hahaha, that’s right. Everyone, attack and kill Ye Qingyu.”

The more they thought, the more frenzied and feverish they became. Like red-eyed gamblers, they began to shout.

In particular, the young petty official’s countenance was already somewhat distorted and hideous.

Under such orders, the surrendered experts dared not show the least bit of defiance and hesitation, instantly turning into dazzling flowing light and charging toward Ye Qingyu from various directions, thereby forming what looked like a scene of black onrushing torrents. Their surging yuan qi overlapped with one another, becoming wild and frightening to an extreme, while the atmosphere instantly ignited and became riotous. Although they had never practiced combination techniques and thus things were a mess, being top-level experts after all, they possessed incomparably rich battle experience and innate abilities which when combined were difficult to withstand even by Golden Immortal Daluo himself.

“Retreat!”

Ye Qingyu waved his hands.

Tan Tianzi, Orchid Saintess, Zhang Wudao and the others, who had wanted to fight till death alongside Ye Qingyu, felt a wave of immense power onrushing irresistibly and pushing them back several kilometers.

Among the divine splendor, the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] appeared in Ye Qingyu's hand.

“You all still lack sufficient status and weight to lend His Highness Xiaofei a helping hand. But since that’s the case, you all may be able to obtain them from this battle.”

As battle will burned in his heart, Ye Qingyu advanced instead of retreating.

Kill!

With a sword in hand, no evil spirits shall be spared!



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1007:


Chapter 1022 – A Miracle Isn’t Enough


Ye Qingyu had gone berserk.

This was what every expert thought at this moment.

For a human to single-handedly face nearly ten thousand experts was akin to paddling a boat against the current. This was a simply crazy deed and was no different from courting one’s death.

Despite the fact that Ye Qingyu had already shown that his terrifying cultivation could instantly kill nearly one hundred surrendered experts, virtually nobody at this moment believed that he could single-handedly kill ten thousand of them. After all, not a single one of them was weak, and it would take him half a day’s time to hack all of them down in any case. Even if they were ten thousand pigs, he would probably deplete his strength before he had killed every one of them.

In the Vast Thousand Domains, yuan qi martial cultivation, powerful offensive force, and all kinds of magical battle achievements were all built on the basis of yuan qi.

Moreover, before becoming a Quasi-emperor and acquiring the mandate of heaven, no expert could possess inexhaustible yuan qi.

Although a Great Saint expert could tap into the power of laws, the process of doing so would also deplete their yuan qi. And once a warrior’s yuan qi was depleted, their strength would be greatly reduced and many of their secret techniques and magical abilities would become unusable. This applied also to pinnacle Great Saints. Just two to three thousand Saint experts, let alone ten thousand of them, would be able to exhaust a pinnacle Great Saint to death.

This was a martial truth.

It was also the source of the young petty official’s and his fellow officials’ arrogance and demented confidence.

It was all the more reason why nobody looked favorably upon Ye Qingyu.

If there was one person who had a little confidence in Ye Qingyu among the near-one hundred thousand experts below Capital Sky Peak that would certainly be the fatty Li Shengyan. However, the truth was that even he did not have total confidence that Ye Qingyu could single-handedly defeat nearly ten thousand surrendered experts. He was already pinching in his hand the life-saving broken turtle shell, so that if Ye Qingyu was to be defeated, he could immediately act and save Ye Qingyu's life.

But before such a scenario happened, he saw no harm in allowing Ye Qingyu to go berserk for a while.

Thus, looking full of confidence, he waved his hands and said, “Everyone, none of you have to help. Just watch as my big brother make a name for himself below Capital Sky Peak by killing so much that there’ll soon be gloom and darkness all around. Muahahahaha!” The brash and unworried look on his face made it seem as if he, rather than Ye Qingyu, was the one challenging the surrendered experts.

To one side, Tan Tianzi, Orchid Saintess, Zhang Wudao, Tao Jieqian, and the others heard these words and thus remained as onlookers for the time being at least.

However, they had inwardly already resolved to help Ye Qingyu if he was to be found wanting. To them, if worse came to worst, they would simply die fighting together under Capital Sky Peak. This was the time to fight for the destiny of their race. They believed that if the Human Race needed fresh blood to awaken the crazy genes which were sleeping soundly in their bodies, then it might as well be their blood that was used.

In any case, it was a glorious thing to engage in a fight to the death alongside the third deputy of the Human Race, regardless of whether they ended up dead or alive.

Soon…

Rumble!

Deafening bursting and booming noises rang out throughout the world.

The spot where Ye Qingyu had stood had already been bombarded by thousands of terrifying yuan qi splendors. This caused the land to tremor violently and many unfathomably deep crevices to be split open, as if the geological plates had splintered. This was how terrifying the combined full-power strikes of thousands of Saint realm experts was. As a result of this bombardment, an enormous sinkhole appeared out of nowhere.

However, Ye Qingyu's figure suddenly vanished at the very moment that the attacks befell.

Subsequently, a dazzling supreme sword radiance shot up into the sky.

“[Great Light Dragon Punch]!” Ye Qingyu shouted.

A noise exploded throughout the universe.

As he used the will of the [Pinnacle Divine Emperor Sword] to work up his fist technique, a fist radiance which was like that of the light divine sword shot up into the sky. It was prominent and vast, while its vigor was comparable to that of the sun in the sky. In no time, it cut across the haze and tore apart a ghastly-looking vacuum zone of a kilometer in circumference, within which every surrendered expert who appeared along the path of the fist force was wiped away like stains on a gemstone, vanishing from the face of the world without leaving behind even a drop of blood or a piece of bone.

It was as if several hundred surrendered experts evaporated from the world in a twinkling.

The [Great Light Dragon Punch] sword will suffused above the vacuum rift and did not dissipate for a long time.

The prelude of a massacre had started.

A commotion broke out among the crowd of experts from various races when they saw this scene.

However, everyone was only mildly startled, and was not much shocked, by this punch.

This was because Ye Qingyu had already used the [Supreme Ice Flame]  sword technique to insta-kill nearly a hundred surrendered experts and displayed supernatural strength, and thus it was widely expected that he would be able to exert a punch like this. After all, it was currently only the start of the battle, and so, whether in terms of yuan qi, physical strength, or mental will, he was at his absolute peak – or even if it was not his peak, it could be considered a perfect state in which exerting a punch to insta-kill nearly a thousand, let alone a hundred, surrendered experts would be acceptable and tolerable according to martial theory.

The question was, how many more punch marks and sword radiances of this grade could Ye Qingyu exert?

And how many more opportunities to exert such punch marks and sword radiances would those surrendered experts, who possessed incomparably rich battle experience, concede to Ye Qingyu?

And, looking one step back, even if Ye Qingyu could continually exert punch marks and sword radiances of such power, who would be so stupid to remain standing where they were and wait to be struck instead of evading? Having seen how powerful these punch marks and sword radiances were, the surrendered experts could very well choose not to resist them head-on and instead to move around while fighting, thereby depleting Ye Qingyu's physical strength, yuan qi, and mental will. After all, these surrendered experts were also martial talents who had gone through a hundred battles on their way to becoming Saints, and so, notwithstanding the fact that they had given up their self-respect and freedom as compelled by the might of a Quasi-emperor, anyone who dared to belittle and disregard their battle intelligence would be the true fool.

Boom!

A second [Great Light Dragon Punch] was struck out.

Its power was also as magnificent as that of the sun.

It also tore open a Void rift of several kilometers in length.

It was no weaker than the first punch, and was even several notches more powerful.

However, the number of surrendered experts killed this time was less than ten, as compared to the several hundred of the first punch.

Indeed, only nine surrendered Saints were killed by this punch.

It was truly a steep decrease.

This was because, at the moment when the punch radiance and sword will thundered across the air, the surrendered experts hurriedly evaded them using all forms of magical abilities.

These kinds of prominent fist technique and sword will did not have many intricate variations and were in fact great because of their simplicity. Although they were absolutely powerful, they were not hard to evade.

Seeing this, Li Shengyan’s eyebrows quivered while Tan Tianzi and the others' faces turned pale.

This was a frightening omen that Ye Qingyu would subsequently be locked in a tough battle, bedeviled by this crazy bunch of surrendered experts like a golden dragon being tormented by countless crickets and ants. Using their inexhaustible numbers, they would slowly wear him down until he died.

This process could be likened to drops of water slowly wearing away a rock.

As strong as a rock and as weak as drops of water might be, the latter would inevitably defeat the former eventually.

At the mountain path entrance, the young petty official and his colleagues could not help laughing out loud.

They did not care how many surrendered experts died, for the entire process had been anticipated by their holy girl and everything had been instructed. However, if Ye Qingyu could truly be killed, it would certainly be a supreme achievement. They felt that he was truly too arrogant and foolish, for he might have had a chance of winning had he chosen to rouse the other experts into action and fight together, but instead, he was adamant about courting his own death by single-handedly challenging ten thousand experts. As the saying went, this was truly a case of the god of longevity eating arsenic, tired of living for so long.

Boom!

Shifting his position, Ye Qingyu flickered like a specter in the Void and exerted his third punch.

This time, because of his astute position and timing, he struck more than thirty surrendered experts dead.

It should not be forgotten how terrifying Demon King Ye Qingyu's battle intelligence was.

However, things were still not looking good.

It was only thirty-plus experts.

There remained more than nine thousand surrendered experts who, like savage beasts, were waiting for an opportunity to attack him.

Although Ye Qingyu's movement was extremely quick such that he was able to continually shuttle into the gaps between the waves of attacks, it would take just one time of being struck or affected for terrifying consequences to ensue. Once the rhythm of his movement was interrupted, he would instantly be inundated by endless torrents of attacks. It was just like walking a tightrope, whereby one false step would mean falling from a great height and breaking into pieces.

Boom!

Ye Qingyu exerted a fourth punch.

Boom boom boom!

The fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth...

Everyone was counting while shuddering with fear.

After the twentieth punch had been made, Ye Qingyu had already killed one thousand three hundred surrendered experts. This was a terrifying number which astounded the experts from various large races and was enough to make the name [Ice Sword Killing God] shock the world once again. The battle techniques used this time were even more stupefying than those used in the past, and thus were all the more enough to make this battle become a miracle to be recorded in the martial history of the Vast Thousand Domains.

However, at this time and in this scenario, such a miracle was still far from enough.

The one hundred thousand-plus experts sighed more than they were shocked.

Because, there were still more than eight thousand surrendered experts left.

This remained a number which was so terrifying that it could drive one to despair.

For Ye Qingyu to survive, a miracle was far from enough.

What he needed was divine intervention.

Or something even more incredible and crazy than that.

However, by the look of things, nothing of this sort would manifest.

This was because, after exerting the twentieth [Great Light Dragon Punch] sword will, he gave up on this method and decided to use an actual sword. A sword light reappeared indistinctly and cut across the battlefield in an inconceivable manner. As Ye Qingyu's figure flickered, every flash of the sword light marked the death of a surrendered expert.

Ye Qingyu's momentum remained unstoppable.

With a sword in hand, no evil spirit would be spared. So far, not a single one of his enemies was able to withstand his sword.

However, compared to the punches of earlier, every swing of his sword could only take away the life of one expert. This speed was way, way slower than earlier. Since the start, this battle was destined to be a game of numbers and mistakes. For the ten-thousand-plus-strong side, ten thousand mistakes and deaths were acceptable. But for the one-strong side, just one mistake would spell the end. There would be no next time or a second chance.

Time went by.

Ye Qingyu had already killed one thousand six hundred surrendered experts.

Ding!

A fine metallic collision noise rang out.

Sparks flew.

The one thousand six hundred and first expert parried Ye Qingyu's strike but was sent flying backward while spewing fresh blood.

However, he was not killed.

He was the first expert to survive a strike by Ye Qingyu.

This moment had finally arrived.

“Ye Qingyu is dead meat.”

Among the experts from various races, a four-thousand-year-old demon made this judgment upon witnessing this scene.

“This rascal is certain to die.” At the entrance of the mountain path, a radiance of joyful malice flickered in the eyes of the young petty official.

Further up the mountain path, Yin Kaishan, who was sitting cross-legged among the wind and snow with his eyes tightly shut, suddenly opened his eyes at this moment.

“As the saying goes, many ants can together bite an elephant to death. It’s a pity that such a supreme Heaven’s prideling would perish this way… Ye Qingyu, it’s too bad that you have had to bear the weight of too many things which you shouldn’t have had to. The Human Race is declining in power and is on the verge of collapse, and even [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] is unable to turn the tide, let alone you. It’s simply impossible for a single person to lift up an entire race!”

This supreme Heaven’s prideling of the Mizar Race revealed a hint of regret as he watched the battle through the wind and snow.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1008:


Chapter 1023 – A Most Terrifying Scene


All beings are chess pieces.

Yin Kaishan knew this very well.

Even Ye Qingyu, who was currently displaying great magical abilities, was a chess piece of the Four Stars holy girl.

And a very important chess piece to boot.

“Given the magical powers of the Quasi-emperors, they surely aren’t ignorant of what’s going on at the foot of the mountain. Every chess piece on this chessboard is being watched by them. The heavily-injured [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] has resisted the joint attacks of two other Quasi-emperors for ten days and nights. Perhaps, just like Ye Qingyu, he has been exhausted by now. I wonder whether his state of mind will change if he sees the human descendant whom he appreciates most being worn down to death below Capital Sky Peak, and also sees Li Shengyan, his only bloodline descendant, dying tragically. For even the strongest beings, woes of the heart would cause mental discomposure, which would in turn cause a decline in power.”

Yin Kaishan was someone who was upright, open, and honorable, albeit he was certainly no fool. It was thus no surprise that he was able to discern the Four Stars holy girl’s most fundamental motive for setting up this show.

As long as they can cause [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] to be ruffled in heart and mind, who cares if these one hundred thousand experts die here?

Chess pieces are meant to be sacrificed anyway.

What value does chess pieces which cannot be sacrificed have?

As long as [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] dies in this battle, any price paid by the Four Stars Sect will be worth it.

“I just wonder, will there come a day when she sacrifices me as well?”

A smile formed at the corner of his lips as he thought about this.

As they say, status and wealth are intoxicating. However, I have had these things ever since I was born.

What is divine tea to others is poisonous herbs to me.

My only wish is to protect her.

It’s a kind of bliss to be sacrificed by her, I guess.

He pondered to himself while in a dazed state.

The difference between a genius and a lunatic rested in a single thought. And a genius’ obsession could not be changed even if the sun and moon hung upside down and the rivers of the world dried up.

There was no question that this supreme Heaven’s prideling of the Mizar Race was a genius like this.

A lunatic like this.

The first time Ye Qingyu's attack failed to kill, practically everyone immediately guessed that the turning point of the battle had arrived.

To give the analogy of a bow, it can be fully drawn at first, and every arrow it shoots is devastating. However, even the most powerful bows will eventually snap if taut for too long.

The parried strike was seen by everyone as a tipping point.

The tipping point whereby victory turned into defeat for Ye Qingyu.

It marked the start of the decline of Ye Qingyu's physical strength, yuan qi, and mental will from their peak states. Finally, the wearing down caused by the near-ten-thousand experts had put him on a downward trajectory. The subsequent tipping points would be the first time he was wounded, the first time he was badly wounded, then death…

Throughout the history of the Vast Thousand Domains, countless heroes who had their own periods of dominance paid testament to this law of the martial path.

The “carriage wheel tactic”, “the tactic of using numerical advantage and taking turns to attack an enemy”, was forever the most direct and powerful method employed by the weak.

The fatty Li Shengyan was so frightened that he nearly tossed the broken turtle shell out, intending to utilize the final tool given to him by [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] to escape right away. However, for some reason, he managed to hold back just as the broken turtle shell was about to fly out from his hand. Perhaps, he still had a little faith in Ye Qingyu in the depths of his heart, or maybe he felt that things were not yet a foregone conclusion.

However, to one side, Tan Tianzi, Orchid Saintess, and the others could not bear it any longer.

There were less than a hundred humans among the one-hundred-thousand-plus experts, and among these humans, there was a portion which fancied the Four Stars Sect, which was after all a Human Race sect. Those who were one notch more despicable, such as the Thousand Illusions Elder, had already retreated to one side, afraid of becoming swept up in the humiliation. Although the experts of other races were surprised by Ye Qingyu’s heroics and madness, it was nevertheless impossible for them to fight hot-bloodedly alongside him. Given the stages of their cultivation, none of them was a rookie hothead, and thus they would not become hot-blooded to the point that they would trouble themselves simply by watching the fight. The reasons they had not surrendered were only that they did not want to give up their most basic self-respect and freedom and did not want to become marionettes whose destinies were in the hands of others. Had the Four Stars Sect’s terms not been so harsh, ninety percent of them would probably have surrendered already. They were holding out not to revolt but instead to wait for the right price which they believed would only come at the eleventh hour. In the first place, they had only gathered here because they were attracted by the treasures in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. They were essentially a mob which sought fame and wealth, and so they absolutely could not be counted upon to uphold justice and help Ye Qingyu. After all, backing the Four Stars Sect was a suppressive Quasi-emperor, against whom even the most scorching of fresh blood would turn into ice.

Since these one-hundred-thousand-plus experts could not be counted upon,
they
could only count upon themselves.

This was what Tan Tianzi, Orchid Saintess, and the others thought. Exchanging glances, they saw the heroic determination in one another’s eyes, and were just about to take action…

However, the next moment…

A strange change occurred.

“Hahaha, warmup complete. Let’s not waste any more time.”

Ye Qingyu guffawed.

Having gone through the earlier battle, his battle will had already been fired up to its peak state.

To enter the ultimate state of the [Limitless Divine Way], one needed not only unstoppable physical strength, deeply vigorous yuan qi, surging fighting spirit, and great battle will, but most importantly, state itself. Like an epiphany, it required a special location, time, and opportunity to be brought about. Ever since acquiring the heaven-defying technique that was the [Limitless Divine Way], he had at most only entered the [Seventh Limit] state, and had never entered the peak state that was the [Ninth Limit].

At present, however, he was finally at the threshold of the [Ninth Limit].

Boom!

Terrifying power erupted from Ye Qingyu's body, which had been battling arduously for nearly an hour already.

Incomparable might circulated around the world like a cyclone.

Within a kilometer in circumference, the eight-thousand-plus surrendered experts were abruptly swept away by this boundless yuan qi cyclone which was nearly as frightening as a Quasi-emperor. Resembling scarecrows which had been swept into the air by wild winds and lost balance, they desperately struggled while uttering cries of alarm. Hoping to stabilize themselves, they worked up their yuan qi in resistance.

The light rays and space around Ye Qingyu became strangely distorted.

It was as if the world was fast becoming unable to bear the power in his body.

With Ye Qingyu as its center, a boundless pressure which was nearly as powerful as that of a Quasi-emperor pervaded below Capital Sky Peak.

The [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] turned into a meter-long red sword in Ye Qingyu's palm. It was so bright that it seemed to have been only recently soaked in a pool of blood, and there indistinctly seemed to be fresh-red drops of blood dripping down its runic blood grooves. A faint blood-colored mist circulated around the blade, giving the sword a kind of strange magical power. It was as if just one look at the sword would cause one’s soul to be sundered by that sharp radiance.

“Give up your martial dignity and forsake your warrior hearts. You are no more than walking corpses even if you remain alive. Let me send you on your way so that your glory can be preserved… Please!”

There was a divine aura in Ye Qingyu's voice as it roared throughout the world. It certainly could pass for that of a divine king up above pronouncing judgment upon a bunch of blasphemous sinners.

As soon as he spoke.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] struck out.

The world was well and truly divided into two by the sword radiance.

Like a thin piece of paper, the Void barriers were sliced by the sword such that a giant rift of three to four kilometers was made without the slightest of sounds. Terrifying, turbulent spatial flows surged out of the chaotic Void, instantly engulfing more than two thousand surrendered experts even before they had time to struggle. Divine Emperor sword will, which pervaded the turbulent spatial flows, more so pulverized these experts at once.

Everything happened in only an instant.

And another instant later, repaired by the universal primeval laws, the Void rift was closed up.

The turbulent spatial flows disappeared.

It was as if nothing had happened.

Within the battle ring, however, more than two thousand surrendered experts had disappeared without a trace. To those who dared not believed what they had just seen, this was a merciless reminder of what exactly happened during that moment.

“What just happened?”

“Have I gone crazy? Or… did I just hallucinate?”

“My gosh...”

“This isn’t power a human should have!”

“Fiendgod, he’s a fiendgod!”

As if demented, the experts from various races became disorderly in the wind.

Ye Qingyu gently wiped away the bloodstains on the [Blood Drinker Sword].

Around him, snowflakes were fluttering, blood was flowing, bones were piled up like mountains, and a deathly aura was suffusing into the sky.

He was standing in the midst of snow, blood, and bones.

There was not a trace of blood on his white robes, while his black hair continued to circulate a silver brilliance.

His aura remained as calm and glossy as lofty mountains and flowing water.

His yuan qi remained as vigorous and surging as a river.

His palms remained thick, firm, and steady.

His face continued to wear a plain and easy smile.

This was because he was very satisfied with the results of this battle.

The [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] had absorbed an indeterminate amount of terrifying power from the surrendered experts. At present, mysterious formations were frenziedly flickering and circulating on its surface, indicating that it was refining and converting the power of the essence, blood, and yuan qi as much as possible. Apart from a portion of the Blood Drinker power which Ye Qingyu had used in the earlier battle, at least eighty percent of the surrendered experts’ combined power was stored in the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill].

The “carriage wheel tactic” was all along the weapon used by the weak to defeat the strong.

However, the [Blood Drinker Sword] was its natural counter.

“The power currently stored in the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] should be enough to form a threat against a Quasi-emperor, right? Though it may not be able to heavily injure one, as long as it can force one of them to withdraw in defense, I might be of help to His Highness Xiaofei when I go up the mountain.”

Ye Qingyu slowly kept the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill].

He was neither a narcissist nor a lunatic, and was more so not seeking fame. The reason why he was so crazy that he wanted to single-handedly challenge the near-ten-thousand surrendered experts without the help of Li Shengyan, Tan Tianzi, and the others was actually for the sake of drawing the power of these experts so that he would become powerful enough to participate in the battle on Capital Sky Peak which would decide the fate and destiny of every race.

By this time, he had achieved his objective.

The only problem was that this process was a little too world-shocking.

As a result, the one-hundred-thousand-plus experts behind his back, including Tan Tianzi, Li Shengyan, Zhang Wudao… were all as stunned as stone sculptures.

And at the entrance of the mountain path in front of him, the petty officials of the Four Stars Sect appeared to be convulsing as they looked at him with eyes that had expressions which were as if they were looking at the world’s most frightening evil spirit.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

