Chapter 45:


Chapter 45 – Repayment of the Ancient Book

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, about to ask the voice why. At this time, he had already floated thirty feet high. Accompanied by the sounds of objects shooting through the air, shackles upon shackles of black chains appeared from the air and the wall, firmly latching onto Ye Qingyu’s body…

“Ouch, it hurts…”

Ye Qingyu let of a sharp breath, feeling pain pervading throughout his soul. Every bone in his body was as if it was broken into pieces, and causing the inability to gather yuan qi. He fell headlong towards the ground, smashing into the hard surface, and did not recover until a long while.

If he was not at the peak of body refinement, with tough muscles and durable bones, this would definitely have turned him into meat paste.

“Hahahahaha ……” From the next courtyard came a cackle like thunder, not disguising at all his amusement from Ye Qingyu’s misfortune.

Ye Qingyu sat up, rubbing his back. Apart from being shocked and offended, he could not help but feel amazed. The courtyard wall was filled with formations that prevented noise from passing through, so for this person’s laughter to be able to be heard so clearly, the person who was laughing must have terrifying strength.

Above his head, shackles were still quivering, slowly fading away.

Ye Qingyu carefully examined these objects and discovered these were not ‘shackles’ at all. These were black runes tightly grouped together, forming a dense beam. It seems that he had previously floated too high and activated some sort of formation. That was why he had been thrashed so harshly and suffered such a painful experience.

“Motherfucker, wait till your father I is strong enough, I will definitely dismantle this formation… Ow, ow, it’s so painful.”

Ye Qingyu bitterly cursed.

The voice from over the wall sounded again, “Good little kid, you have the same temperament as me. You have ambition, I like you.”

Ye Qingyu continued breathing roughly and after recovering from the pain all over his body, his curiosity was aroused. He loudly shouted, “Who’s the person behind the wall? Why did you laugh so loudly at my suffering?”

This time, there was no reply.

Ye Qingyu was slightly taken aback, shouting loudly again.

There was still not a reply.

“Damn him, is he a mute?” Ye Qingyu silently seethed, and seeing the discussion would not continue, did not ask any further. He began sitting in a meditative stance, recovering the yuan qi that he had expended on trying to control objects and floating.

The previous experiments, had expended over a quarter of the yuan qi within the Spirit spring. The consumption was definitely not negligible.

Only after an hour, was the amount of yuan qi in his body recovered to his previous state.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head with satisfaction. At this time, something unexpected occurred.

When the yuan qi recovered to its optimal state, Ye Qingyu could suddenly feel a heat activating within his mind. Before he could react, his sea of consciousness suddenly glowed with a golden splendour. The mysterious Bronze book [Fiendgod* Titled Chart] [JR1] activated, vibrating with humming sounds, as if it had come alive.

“What’s happening?”

Ye Qingyu was shocked by the events.

At this time, he could clearly feel within the desert world in his dantian, the yuan qi within the Spirit spring was as if it had lost control. It wildly dispersed throughout his entire body, finally turning into a stream of heat that entered into his sea of consciousness and was absorbed by the Bronze book.

The speed at which this occurred was extreme.

There was no way that Ye Qingyu could control this process.

In the blink of the eye, half the energy in the Spirit spring was forcefully absorbed by the Bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

And this process, continued to become fiercer and fiercer.

Under Ye Qingyu’s panic, he quickly tried to halt the yuan qi, wanting the yuan qi within the Spirit spring to stop flowing outside.

From the perspective of an expert in the Spirit spring stage, the yuan qi within the Spirit spring was the foundation of everything. Once it was all gone, not only did the martial artist need to repeat the process of [Forming Yuan] to excavate a new Spirit spring, it would also hurt the foundations of the martial artist.

But the suction power of the Bronze book was incomparably great. No matter how Ye Qingyu struggled, even using the nameless breathing technique to prevent the absorption, the effect was not particularly useful.

Within the world of his dantian, the Spirit spring was as if it had turned into a fountain. It crazily spurted out spirit qi, heading to the Bronze book within his sea of consciousness.

The body of Ye Qingyu, was as if he had lost all control, finding it hard to even move.

Time passed second by second.

This process, continued for approximately an hour of time.

One hour later, Ye Qingyu’s face was deathly pale, breathing raggedly.

The Spirit spring that he had managed to excavate after so much effort had been sucked completely dry, turning into a desert again. There was only a deep and dry cracked hole left, where the eye of the Spring used to be located…

An unprecedented feeling of weakness and inability, enveloped Ye Qingyu’s entire body.

He was like an old man who had lived out his life, reaching the end of his road. The flames of his life was like a candle in the wind, possibly extinguishing at any moment.

“I’m finished, I’m finished, this time I’m really finished… This Bronze book is too evil, it has really absorbed all by inner yuan. The inner yuan that I have worked so hard to cultivate has become the possession of this Bronze book…”

Beads of sweat that were as large as beans, began dripping down from Ye Qingyu’s forehead.

His brain worked furiously, thinking of all the possibilities, trying his best to come up with a solution.

At this time, within his sea of consciousness, the vibrating Bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart] finally stopped moving. It radiated with a pale golden light, incomparably bright and radiant.

Characters and characters of strange writing appeared on the smooth cover of the Bronze book. One could vaguely see a faint red in these characters, as if they were written using blood.

This scene was incomparably peculiar.

The next instant, something abnormal happened again. The pale golden light, as if it was sucked in by a giant whale, went inside the interior of the Bronze book. The originally seamless ancient book was as if it was blown open by the spring wind, crashing unexpectedly and automatically opening…

Ye Qingyu’s eyesight was not poor, but even he could only vaguely discern the scene within the book, not being able to clearly see what was written.

And then the Bronze book closed seamlessly again.

Then, it started buzzing and vibrating again.

And after that, the pale golden light that had entered into the Bronze book, returned again.

Before Ye Qingyu could react, the pale golden light spurted out again, transforming into a long streak of yuan qi. It passed through the endless sea of consciousness, as if it was travelling through space, and again entered into the four limbs and bones of Ye Qingyu. The energy contained within was even purer and warmer, finally turning into a stream of inner yuan, returning to the dried up Spring…

This type of change was entirely out of Ye Qingyu’s calculation.

And what it brought was an inexhaustible energy.

Ye Qingyu could clearly sense that his body, which had become malnourished and famished, once again began to fill with life. The feeling of weakness was completely swept away, and what replaced it was a strength that was even greater than his previous condition.

In his inner vision, the dehydrated eye of the Spring had already became filled with signs of life again.

The diameter of this spring was at least ten times greater than it was before, at least fifteen or sixteen meters in diameter. The yuan qi water within was clear and bubbling as if it was boiling water, filled with vitality. It was purer by who knows how many times, and one was not able to observe any hint of impurities within.

The yuan qi spring erupted in the air as if it was a geyser, shooting over several hundred meters. The surging roar of this was like that of a dragon’s growl.

“My inner yuan is so much purer compared to before, with faster flow rates and greater potential! The rate at which it nourishes the desert has a direct impact on your cultivation speed, this means the time till excavating the new Spirit spring has shortened too!

Ye Qingyu was both astonished and exultant.

He had never imagined that such a thing would happen.

After the Bronze book had completely absorbed all his inner yuan, Ye Qingyu thought he was completely done for. He had already decided that this Bronze book was a malicious object of some sort, and had never thought that the Bronze book would absorb the inner yuan and purify it, returning it to him once again.

This process, was like repayment.

The newly obtained inner yuan, was purer, more condensed and more formidable. It was simply a completely new change.

“This Bronze book is definitely a treasure!”

Ye Qingyu had already judged without any uncertainties.

If according to the normal cultivation speed, by Ye Qingyu’s estimates, he would need at least a month’s time before the purity and size of the Spirit spring would reach such a state and have such vitality and flow rates!

But through the Bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart], absorbing and returning the inner yuan, in less than an hour this was done.

Ye Qingyu realised he had found a treasure.

A treasure that was priceless.

Just through the fact that it can aid in cultivation, this type of treasure was enough to enter the top ranks of Spirit instruments!

His mood suddenly changed for the better.

“Hahahaha… when luck comes, no one can block it.”

The Bronze book he had only found by coincidence, who would have thought that it was such a miraculous item.

In a state of excitement, Ye Qingyu observed his sea of consciousness.

He could only see that within the sea of consciousness, the Bronze book again returned to its previous calm and peaceful state. It did not vibrate or buzz anymore nor was there any light emitted from it. It was as if it had once again returned to an endless sleep.

Ye Qingyu attempted to communicate with it using his will, but there was no reaction at all.

Too mysterious.

It seems like this Bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart], really contained endless mysteries.

Ye Qingyu guessed that through the absorption and return of the inner yuan process, the Bronze book had also received some kind of energy replenishment, so some change had occurred with it. But most likely, his inner yuan stage was too far away and could not meet its needs at all.

In other words, to awaken the Bronze book, an enormous amount of inner yuan was needed?

Of course, this was only Ye Qingyu’s guess.

But no matter what, the existence of this Bronze book must not be made known to others.

Ye Qingyu’s mind was sharp and cunning. He was able to guess at some of the secrets and mysteries behind this Bronze book and came to a decision.

As his emotions calmed down, Ye Qingyu thought of something again. With a will of his heart, the Bronze book came out from his sea of consciousness. Accompanied by a radiant light, the palm-sized book again appeared in his right hand.

It remained as heavy as it ever was.

Ye Qingyu attempted to open the book.

The first page was able to be opened.

This page Ye Qingyu had already opened before, and what he had seen was strange characters organized in some sort of an index.

It was still the characters from the Fiendgod Age, complicated and intricate. For a normal person, one look at it would cause them to feel dizzy.

But not for Ye Qingyu.

Through these days of studies, Ye Qingyu had already grasped all the books regarding forgotten characters and languages. He was able to recognize the characters from the Fiendgod Age, although his comprehension was still basic, but he was able to understand the general meaning.

Ye Qingyu could clearly remember during the first time he had attempted to open this Bronze book, he was able to open the first page and saw something akin to an index. But as for the pages after, he was not able to open it in the slightest, no matter what method he attempted.

But this time, it was different.

The first row of characters on the index was not grey but had turned into a pale golden colour.

“This means…”

Ye Qingyu suddenly moved, his finger placed on the silent characters. A sensation as if touching a lover’s smooth skin, and the previously closed pages automatically opened, turning to the directed section of the book.

On the palm-sized page, a virtual projection like an illusion was produced.

*So I’ve previously translated 神魔 as God and Devil. But having recently reading Desolate Era, I’ve also come across similar terms. Looking at the other translations, they seem to have translated it as Fiendgod, which seems more easier to fit in within the English translation so I’ve decided to adopt this phrase and it also makes it easier to remember.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 46:


Chapter 46 – The [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King]

It was an extremely realistic projection.

A middle-aged man wearing golden armour and had a golden crown, looking like the very picture of an emperor.

The first instant Ye Qingyu saw the projection, it was as if it had come to life. An indescribable aura of pressure and majesty was emitted from this projection, as if the sky was cracking and falling. As if he was an ant facing a dragon.

The glimmering golden armour, the crown surrounding him, the strange spear with a dragon’s head and the heavy gaze of this middle-aged man…

This was an image of a divine king!

Within Ye Qingyu’s mind, this fact came unknowingly to him.

He did not know the name of this middle-aged man, nor had he ever seen such a face before. He did not know the history of this golden armour, but Ye Qingyu could feel that this middle-aged man was definitely not normal nor was he a martial expert… he was a deity!

A real deity!

From Ye Qingyu’s estimation, even experts of the Bitter Sea stage or higher would not be the opponent of this middle-aged man.

From the day he was born till now, Ye Qingyu had never experienced such pressure before.

Even if this was from just a projection.

Just a projection.

“The entire page only has this scene, what does this mean?”

Ye Qingyu carefully observed, but he felt that the page contained too much information and yet nothing at the same time. The Bronze book was too mysterious, it was an object from the Fiendgod Age. It was only a pity that it wasn’t a secret martial technique…

And as he was thinking this thought, a change appeared on the image.

The golden armoured King who was standing quietly, suddenly moved.

Two beams of golden light, as if it were two divine swords, stabbed out from the Bronze book. Ye Qingyu instinctively backed away and in the next instant, the golden armoured King jumped out straight from the Bronze book, as if it had really came alive…

“This is bad……”

Ye Qingyu directly threw away the Bronze book.

He had really been frightened by this strange and mysterious book today.

Who would have guessed that after the ancient book left his hands, it did not fall down, but floated in the middle of the air.

The golden armoured King came rushing towards him, completely passing through Ye Qingyu’s body, as if it were just a mirage.

Ye Qingyu only just reacted. What rushed at him was just an illusion and not a real existence, it was only that it was too realistic, as if it had really come alive. The pressure it emitted made it difficult for him to determine whether it was true or not.

After being relieved slightly, he then saw the golden armoured King let out a commanding shout. Within the air, he demonstrated four martial battle techniques, at a speed which was enough to make one dizzy and disorientated.

As the moves were exhibited, there was a crash like a mountain breaking apart and indistinct scenes of volcanoes erupting appeared, as if the apocalypse had arrived…

This was the terrifying power of the four moves, it had the power to break apart Heaven and Earth.

It was only a pity that before Ye Qingyu could carefully observe in detail, the golden armoured King had already finished exhibiting these moves. He jumped, returning back into the Bronze book and transforming back again to a picture on the page, not moving in the slightest as if he had fallen asleep.

Ye Qingyu stood there blankly. With a wave of his hands, the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] floated back to his hands.

With a will of his heart, and a flash of light, Ye Qingyu stored the book back into his sea of consciousness.

“The power of these four battle techniques are endless, it’s only a pity that I did not observe it fully, it really is…” Regret was within his heart. When he was thinking, a golden light suddenly flashed in his mind and a bizarre information appeared unknowingly within his mind.

After Ye Qingyu perceived what the information was, his jaw was wide open.

“This is the four battle techniques… this is the complete entire training process for these techniques… Heavens!”

Ye Qingyu was nearly driven insane.

He would have never thought that just when he was being troubled by this exact problem, it would be solved. The four moves that the golden armoured King demonstrated along with the mantra appeared within his mind miraculously without anything missing.

This sensation was too wonderful.

It was as if it was a bloodline inheritance, or as if it was something that Ye Qingyu had already known tens of thousands of years ago but had forgotten and now suddenly remembered.

Very soon, Ye Qingyu became immersed within these four stances.

…… ……

Time passed day by day.

In the blink of an eye, another month had passed.

Ye Qingyu had already been confined in the [Grievance Hall] for a total of two months.

The him who had lost all contact with the outside world did not know what had occurred outside nor did anyone visit him.

Even very little sound would appear in this courtyard. Crows would not fly above, and the voice next to him did not appear again. Apart from Ye Qingyu talking to himself, the environment was quiet to an extent that it was slightly scary.

In this lonely and quiet environment, the strength of Ye Qingyu began altering fundamentally.

Under the blazing sun, the Ye Qingyu who had a bare torso was holding the [Inexorable spear] in a strange stance behind his back. The pale golden light shined on his body soaked with sweat, as if pearls were hanging on his body. His posture and stance was extremely peculiar, his entire person looking like a sculpture.

An aura as if he had exceeded his own realm, surrounded and completely enveloped his body.

Xiu!

A light flashed.

Ye Qingyu was not seen to move, but a part of the [Inexorable spear] had already struck out.

It was impossible to see the spear.

It was as if the spear had entirely disappeared in thin air.

Nearly at the same time, the long spear appeared from an impossible angle.

It was completely not in any normally thrown trajectory.

Nor did it emerge from at the same horizontal height as him.

Instead—

It struck from the sky.

Yes, the [Inexorable spear] fell from the sky.

It was as if within the clouds, there was a deity that threw a giant flag from high up downwards, as if it was judging all lifeforms.

The long spear was like a banner. Bringing with it a power of light and justice, it flew like a beam of light, landing on the ground twenty meters away. Even the black ground that had been reinforced by mysterious runes, and the hardness that was comparable to tempered steel was stabbed through till it was one meter deep.

What was even more strange, was that an abnormal energy was surrounding the spear.

A terrifying power!

One could imagine how, if the spear that had struck from the sky had landed on a person, it would pass through their body in an instant.

Ye Qingyu was confident, that opponents such as Qin Wushuang would find it extremely difficult to leave with their life intact if faced with this move.

[Banner of Heaven and Earth]!

The name of this stance, was known as the [Banner of Heaven and Earth].

It was the third technique of the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King] and was also the most intricate stance.

Ye Qingyu’s facial expression did not change, and the right spear in his hand moved at high speed, stabbing out. A silver flash suddenly pierced through the air, the unstoppable spear strike destroying everything in its path. Everything within twenty meters was stabbed and rent apart.

As the blur of the spear dispersed in the air, a twenty-meter-vacuum was formed in the air, as if space itself was torn apart!

[Fierce Dragon Pierce]!

The first stance of the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King], [Fierce Dragon Pierce].

The power of this was comparable to the full power strike of someone at the second Spirit spring stage.

As he performed the [Fierce Dragon Pierce], the figure of Ye Qingyu, as if he was being pulled by some sort of force, came instantly to the position where the banner was stabbed into the ground. His body’s momentum was like the avalanche of a mountain, breaking apart layers upon layers of air!

This was the power of the first and third stance within the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King].

The endless power of these two stances being used consecutively was terrifying, able to produce a chilling impact.

Only after the two stances were finished being performed did Ye Qingyu stop.

“The power of these stances is really incomparably powerful. But it also uses an incomparable amount of inner yuan. With my current store of inner yuan, at the most I could use these two stances twice before I expend the vast majority of inner yuan in the Spirit spring of my dantian.

Ye Qingyu carefully considered.

He was extremely clear in his heart, that the force of the two stances that he had learnt had still not yet reached the optimum. According to the mysterious information he received, once the [Banner of Heaven and Earth] reaches the pinnacle, it could strike out from sky thousands of miles away. Likewise, the [Fierce Dragon Pierce] could also stabbed out into the distance thousands of miles away…

Apart from this, within the four stances, Ye Qingyu still did not completely grasp the second and fourth stance.

The second stance was a defensive technique, known as the [Protection of Heaven and Earth]. It was able to completely surround the body in inner yuan, creating a special domain that reduced the force of the enemy’s strike but also at the same time, slowed down their movements.

The fourth stance was the stance that was the most powerful and terrifying. The move involved leaping from the sky, using your own physical body as the weapon. Once it was trained to its extreme, it could cause a volcano to form from the bombardment and causing magma to erupt, turning the land a hundred miles around to a land of death, completely changing the terrain!

As he trained more and more, Ye Qingyu became more shocked.

The strength of these four stances was incomparable, completely surpassing any technique that White Deer Academy possessed. Who knows what person created these stances, these techniques could definitely be called as divine techniques!

Thus the value of the Bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart], became even more evident.

Ye Qingyu understood, no matter what, he must keep the origins of these techniques a secret. Otherwise, the ordinary man was innocent, but the crime was in the treasuring of a jade ring. He feared that the existence of such an object would cause a storm of blood over conflict for this item.

These [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King] was only one page in the endless pages of the [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. The power was so strong even now, then what about in the pages after? There was sure to be even more strong and tyrannical techniques hidden secretly within…

Thinking about this, Ye Qingyu became more and more excited.

The [Fiendgod Titled Chart] would become his greatest help in becoming strong.

The sun shone fiercely on, scorching all those under it.

The time of the season in Deer City right now was the period that had the highest temperature. After another one or two months, the temperature would quickly fall, the entire Snow Country would enter the season of winter. Slowly, snow would envelop the entire land, entering the long winter.

The sweat of Ye Qingyu was like rain drops. Within this confined courtyard, he continued to train as normal.

Another half a month had passed.

There were only ten days left till the end of his three month imprisonment.

And as of today, Ye Qingyu finally comprehended the second stance of the golden armoured King.

The fourth stance with the greatest power, he still could not grasp the essence of it.

Today, Ye Qingyu was again training within the courtyard.

Suddenly a door opening could faintly be heard.

“It should be the disciplinary teacher in charge of delivering meals…” Ye Qingyu said looking at the time and seeing it was nearing meal time. But today, it seemed a little earlier than usual.

He did not pay attention to this, continuing to close his eyes and meditating. Absorbing the yuan qi of Heaven and Earth and turning it to inner yuan.

The sound of door knocking was heard again.

Footsteps came closer.

What sounded was a cute and crisp voice, as it were the sound of a lark, “Brother Qingyu.” A young girl’s faint fragrance drifted over.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 47:


Chapter 47 – Some News

“Little girl?” He opened his eyes.

He saw the little loli, Song Xiaojun wearing an expansive black disciplinary robe. Her smile was like the bloom of a flower, standing by the entrance with a large grin, her face filled with excitement looking at him. Ye Qingyu could not help but be slightly taken aback. “How come you came?”

The little loli laughed joyfully, the light in her eyes like that of a spring sunlight.

“Brother Qingyu, did you miss me?” She dragged her long robes across the grounds and in her hand, there was a red food box half her height. She came bouncing and jumping, bringing the container in front of Ye Qingyu.

Once the food container was opened, a rich smell of food came wafting over.

Inside was various plates of different sizes, all holding different cuisine. Evidently, a lot of care had been placed in cooking it.

Ye Qingyu’s appetite was greatly aroused.

“First eat, eat then we’ll speak”

In the clear beautiful eyes of the little loli, was an undisguised laughter. “I know Brother Qingyu has been confined here all this time. You must be so bored so I brought some good food over!”

Ye Qingyu laughed and did not pretend to be shy. Taking the dishes out of the container onto the ground, he sat cross legged and began eating.

In these two months, he had devoted his entire time in training causing his strength to explosively increase. But he was still a young man, and training too long had indeed taken its toll on him, making him feel slightly bored and tired.

The food of the [Grievance Hall] was also too poor, the food had never changed. Ye Qingyu was not a picky eater, but even he felt as if he could endure no longer.

Seeing such tasty dishes, Ye Qingyu devoured it ravenously, sweeping it all up in an instant.

The little loli looked happily at Ye Qingyu beside him, laughing at him and pouring alcohol for him.

“You little kid, how did you come in?” Ye Qingyu gave her a stare, saying, “The [Grievance Hall] is strictly guarded, only disciplinary teachers can enter. Even teachers like Wen Wan can’t come as he pleases…

He was really slightly curious.

The little loli said laughingly, “It’s not as strict as Brother Qingyu says. I only used my academic points to swap for an opportunity to enter here.”

“Swapping your academic points?” Ye Qingyu finally understood why she was allowed to enter and was also slightly touched in his heart. However he still gave the little loli a scowl saying, “You spoiled little girl, you used your precious academic points to exchange for something so useless?”

The little loli giggled, not carrying in the slightest. “Annoying, I’m not a spoiled little girl, that sounds so bad… Hehe, it’s been nearly three months, I’ve really missed Brother Qingyu. It’s only six academic points that doesn’t really matter much. My strength is now very powerful, hehe, the academic points are very easy to earn!”

“What? Six academic points?” After hearing this, Ye Qingyu directly flicked the little loli on the head. “You are really not an ordinary spoiled child!”

Six academic points was enough to exchange for two hours teaching from a teacher at the four Spirit springs stage. It was really exchanged by this little loli for a pass to enter the [Grievance Hall]…

Ye Qingyu was speechless.

“Ouch, it hurts.” The little loli rubbed her forehead saying, “Brother Qingyu, it’s you that said martial artists needed to think clearly if one wanted to advance and to not be led astray by evil or enter the demonic fire state. You said this was very important!”

“I don’t have too many friends in the academy and I’m too stupid that no one wants to play with me. My sister cousin is also very strict. The time you’ve been in the [Grievance Hall], I’ve always been distracted and progress in training was slow. I’ve really missed you, that’s why I came to the [Grievance Hall] to visit you, that way I can think clearly!”

Ye Qingyu did not know whether to laugh or cry at her reasoning.

Within White Deer Academy, apart from Song Xiaojun, Ye Qingyu did not possess any more friends. In these days, he had thought about the little loli many times. Truthfully speaking, the fact that the little loli came to visit him made him feel extremely touched.

But the price was too high.

Thinking about the cost of six academic points, Ye Qingyu felt a pain in his heart.

But since things had already happened…

The only thing Ye Qingyu could do… was to continue ravenously devouring the food.

“That’s right, in these months, has there been any entertaining things happening in the academy?” Ye Qingyu casually asked, while demolishing the food.

“There is, one and a half months ago, the entire year went out for their second practical battle training. Qin Wushuang was in the limelight yet again, it was rumoured that he had the fortune to obtain a rare treasure that cannot be treated lightly. His strength has increased by leaps and bounds.”

“And in the second challenging matches in the list of ten, no one was able to be his opponent. He has already entered into the second Spirit spring stage. Everyone says that with his strength he can directly jump to year two without any issues…” the little loli chattered ceaselessly.

Qin Wushuang had a fortuitous encounter?

This is indeed a bit interesting.

“Then did he jump straight ahead?” Ye Qingyu asked.

He was slightly concerned about the answer.

If Qin Wushuang was able to skip years successfully, then this was an example he wanted to follow. He also wanted to attempt to jump a year, wanting to complete the graduation from the academy in the shortest amount of time possible.

“He did not.” The little loli shook her head, looking at Ye Qingyu with a playful expression. “Originally head teacher Wang Yan agreed that he could jump a year but Qin Wushuang himself declined it.”

“Declined it? Has his head been kicked recently?” Ye Qingyu was slightly dumbfounded, nearly choking, forcing the food in his throat down.

The light in the little loli’s eye brightened considerably and she said laughingly, “That’s right. Qin Wushuang said himself that he will wait until you’ve left the [Grievance Hall] and defeat you by his own hands before he’ll jump a year.”

So it was this.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

“Are there any more entertaining stories?” Ye Qingyu asked, holding a dish and licking the plate clean.

“En, let me think…” The little loli held her chin considering, “Ah, that’s right, Yan Xingtian has disappeared.

“What? Disappeared? What do you mean?” Ye Qingyu said, shocked.

“In the third practical battle training ten days ago, Yan Xingtian disappeared with his whereabouts unknown to everyone. No one knows whether he is dead or alive.” The little loli looked around mysteriously, closing the distance and lowering her voice. “Many people say that this was done behind the scenes by Qin Wushuang, that he had targeted him during the training…”

“Did this really happen?” Ye Qingyu considered for a bit, then said, “That can’t be right. Yan Xingtian has never offended Qin Wushuang before.”

“The only possible explanation is because Yan Xingtian is the leader of the commoners in first year and his strength is extremely high. He has always opposed the noble organizations. Some people said that after Qin Wushuang had his fortuitous encounter, he challenged Yan Xingtian behind the scenes. The two were said to fight to a draw…” the little loli said in a gossiping tone.

Ye Qingyu stopped, thinking silently.

As it was said, there would be no waves without wind, and that a hole would not have wind inside it.*

The things the little loli said were all just chasing the wind and clutching at shadows.

Yan Xingtian had always acted low key, giving people a sensation that he had immeasurable depths. If he had really threatened Qin Wushuang’s position, and the noble organization had decided to act against him, this was a possible explanation.

White Deer Academy was peaceful on the surface, but the conflict between the nobles and the commoner students had already caused blood to appear.

All these years, nothing had changed.

Yan Xingtian’s disappearance did not bode well for him.

After thinking about this, Ye Qingyu was slightly enraged.

The human race in the Heaven Wasteland domain could not be counted as one of the leading forces, having to face numerous enemy races. The destiny of the human race should have been the number one priority, and they should unite against outside forces, but despite this, they would still have inner conflicts.

These dogfart nobles and commoners, as long as their conflicts did not end, then countless heroes would be embroiled and sacrificed in the conflicts between.

They were really narrow minded groups!

“Oh, that’s right. The teacher, Wen Wan, who taught you the [Eight Divine Stances] left White Deer Academy one month ago,” the little loli Song Xiaojun said.

“What? Old Wen left?” Ye Qingyu, this time, was really taken aback.

Wen Wan had really left?

“Where did he go?” Ye Qingyu quickly asked.

The little loli saw Ye Qingyu’s expression turn serious, she being slightly taken aback. She had only mentioned this in passing, who would have thought that brother Qingyu would have such a big reaction to such a casual piece of news. According to her knowledge, the burly teacher Wen Wan, should not be that important a person?

Within the entire White Deer Academy, those who knew about the relationship between Wen Wan and Ye Qingyu were not few, but within the students, it was basically unknown.

“It’s said that he’s been recruited to guard the Youyan frontier in the border!” the little loli said.

Youyan frontier?

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

He knew about this Youyan frontier.

It was an extremely important military frontier a thousand miles from Deer City. It was in the border between the Snow Country and the Northern demon court, and battle had always occurred in that area. Especially in the last ten years, the conflict between the Snow Country and the Northern demon court had never stopped, becoming more and more serious with every day that passed. The Youyan frontier was like a steel nail, located firmly in the Youyan mountain range and extending the territory of Snow Country by a thousand miles.

Deer City was a city that was far out from the center of Snow Country.

Youyan frontier was an important defense in the border.

Once the Youyan frontier was lost, the demon court could invade deep in the Snow Country territory and at that time, the first cities to be impacted would be Deer City and the other cities near it.

Every year, Snow Country would recruit large amounts of experts as reinforcement for the Youyan frontier and fight against the army of the demon court. These things were long known by Ye Qingyu, but he would never have thought that as a teacher of White Deer Academy, Wen Wan, would be recruited to defend the Youyan frontier.

Ye Qingyu could vaguely feel that there must be a story behind this.

The fire of battle burned everywhere in Youyan frontier. Old Wen, you must come back alive.

“That motherfucker, old Wen should have given me a shout before he left.”

Ye Qingyu scolded Wen Wan in his heart, and suddenly remembered about the pearls from the golden clam that he had given him for him to examine. This fellow had left in such a hurry, would he have embezzled it away?

Who knows when they would be able to meet again.

Ye Qingyu could not help but feel a slight pang of regret when thinking about this.

*Chinese idiom for things that don’t happen without causes

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 48:


Chapter 48 – Cheap Mouth

“That’s right, there’s also an important issue. Three days ago, the number three ranked academy of the ten great academies of Snow Country, Azure Phoenix Academy, came to White Deer Academy. Along with their deputy Dean, they came to our academy to spar and exchange techniques. After ten battles, White Deer Academy has lost seven battles, losing tragically…” the little loli chattered on. “In the remaining half a month, the three great geniuses of the Azure Phoenix Academy said they will completely dominate our White Deer Academy!”

Ye Qingyu rolled his eyes as he listened to this.

It seems, that in the three months he had been here, there really was a lot that had happened.

The time the two were conversing went by extremely quickly. In the blink of an eye, over two hours had already passed.

The little loli stood up unwillingly saying, “The time is nearly up. I have to go. Brother Qingyu you have to hurry and come out. When you beat the people of the Azure Phoenix Academy until they piss their pants in terror, then they’ll know how awesome White Deer Academy is,” the little loli said, swinging her tiny little fists.

“I don’t have that much spare time,” Ye Qingyu said lazily, stretching his back. “There are so many genius students in White Deer Academy, who needs me to act. And besides, such a thing is not something that we first year students can interfere in. Just let them be.”

“But I like seeing Brother Qingyu inspiring awe in everyone and destroying all that comes.” The little loli packed away the food containers, pitifully twisting her fingers. Her shimmering large eyes stared unblinkingly at Ye Qingyu.

“Quickly return.” Ye Qingyu lifted his hand to flick her head again.

The little loli hurriedly packed up the remaining containers and avoided his hand, leaving a few words, “Hmph, I’m going to ignore you from now on.” She turned around and went in the direction of the entrance, but the smile on her face betrayed her. Evidently, the close intimacy between her and Ye Qingyu was very effective.

Ye Qingyu shook his head with a smile.

The little loli was too small, only just reaching ten years old. With a child’s personality, pure and simple. This was one of the reasons that he was on such good terms with her.

The little loli after, reaching the door, turned around to give Ye Qingyu a smile before waving and leaving.

Ye Qingyu smiled, his mood instantly turning better.

Patting his full stomach and burping, he continued training. Sitting cross legged in the courtyard and absorbing yuan qi to raise his inner yuan. In the blink of an eye, an hour had passed.

The sky turned dark.

Ye Qingyu was about to return to the small house to rest, when sounds appeared from behind the door again. The runes shimmered with light, the door opening. A skinny middle-aged man wearing the black disciplinary robes slowly walked in.

“En?”

Ye Qingyu’s gaze fell on the person. Without knowing why, every hair on his body stood up, as if he was being stared at by a wild beast.

“Dinner time has come.” The skinny middle-aged man placed the food on the ground.

So it was the disciplinary teacher in charge of delivering food.

Ye Qingyu relaxed slightly.

It seemed like they had swapped people. The person previously in charge of delivery food for the last two months was not this person.

“Where’s teacher Wang?” Ye Qingyu casually asked.

“Oh, old Wang? He asked for a leave, something happened in his family,” the skinny middle-aged man said without any expression, his tone cold.

Before he had finished, a cold light appeared in Ye Qingyu’s eyes. With a sweep of his hands, the two parts of the [Inexorable spear] appeared in his hands. He coldly laughed, “Haha, you retard. Your father I, was able to expose you in one try. Speak, who are you?”

The skinny middle-aged man said dumbly, “What do you mean?”

Ye Qingyu complacently sneered. “The previous teacher in charge of delivering meals was named Qin and not Wang. How come you don’t know? Furthermore, today someone has already delivered the meal… Haha, speak. Who are you? Why have you smuggled into here? Who directed you? Have you come to kill me? With your intelligence, you actually came here to be an assassin?”

The fact that the previous disciplinary teacher was named Qin was something that Ye Qingyu had discovered when he was distracted and bored. After constantly bugging the discipling teacher who spoke extremely little, after several tries, and driving this teacher insane did he manage to obtain this piece of information.

The skinny middle-aged man stood blankly for a while. Then, an undisguised fury appeared in his face. An extremely strong aura emitted from his skinny figure, surging out in an instant.

“Assassin? Intelligence?” The skinny middle-aged man was like a beam of light, appearing next to Ye Qingyu in an instant. Like an enraged rhinorcerous, he lifted his hand, fiercely slapping Ye Qingyu on the forehead.

Pak!

A red swollen bump was instantly created.

Ye Qingyu, “Eh? You’ve dared to launch a sneak attack… Shameless!”

“Sneak attack? Shameless?” The skinny middle-aged man was like furious thunder. With another pak, he slapped his head again, causing two swollen red lumps to appear in Ye Qingyu’s head.

“Hey?” Ye Qingyu suddenly felt that the strength of this old thing was slightly too terrifying. Quickly shouting, “Stop, everything can be resolved with words, there’s no need to come to blows…”

“Don’t come to blows?” The skinny middle-aged man shouting again, quickly attacking yet again.

His strength was unfathomable; his hands were as if they were lightning. With Ye Qingyu’s current level of strength, there was no way he could avoid these strikes. After several pak sounds, Ye Qingyu’s head was filled with swollen red lumps.

Ye Qingyu’s covered his head and fled like a rat.

But he had already faintly realized, the skinny middle-aged man was not a bad person or an assassin. Because although his blows were ruthless, it did not contain killing intent.

After experiencing the fights to the death in the first wilderness training, Ye Qingyu was extremely sensitive to killing intent.

Pak!Pak!Pak!Pak!

Noises like firecrackers setting off were continuously heard within this little courtyard, mingled with the curses of Ye Qingyu and the begging for mercy…

After ten minutes.

The skinny middle-aged man finally stopped.

He looked at the shivering Ye Qingyu on the ground, filled with swollen red lumps. As if spectating a piece of art he had created himself, he nodded in satisfaction. Picking up the food from the ground, he did not say anything but turned and left… ……

Ye Qingyu bit his lips, the pain so much that tears were forming in his eyes. He could not even say a word.

“Motherfucker, who was that old fellow? How come he was so ruthless and fierce like a tiger?” Ye Qingyu was slightly confused in his heart, wondering in his mind. What had just happened was as if everything was a hoax.

This was the first time he had been toyed with to such an extent.

“Ouch, owowow… that old thing really was heavy handed.” Ye Qingyu carefully rubbed the lumps on his body. Apart from the tens of bumps in his head, his entire body was covered with who knows how many bumps, everyone of them red and swelling up.

On one hand, Ye Qingyu silently cursed. On the other hand, he also felt slightly lucky. Thankfully this was in the [Grievance Hall] and no one had seen him in such a state. Otherwise, his legendary reputation was completely finished.

Ye Qingyu sat in a meditative stance, activating his inner yuan to get rid of the pain on his body.

Within the world in the dantian, the Spirit spring was bubbling as if boiling. A pillar of water erupted from the Spring like a dragon soaring to the skies, the ejected water nourishing the area within several hundreds of meters and forming a small puddle. There was spirit fog all around.

After experiencing the purification of the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] the inner yuan of Ye Qingyu was already purer by manifold and was comparable to a year of hard cultivation by others.

Ye Qingyu directed his inner yuan to pass through his entire body, nourishing his flesh. He attempted to solve the red swollen lumps that the mysterious skinny man left.

As if it was a clean stream that was passing by, the areas where the inner yuan swept through, the feeling of pain and swollenness quickly resided.

It was an extremely peculiar sensation.

After Ye Qingyu had activated his inner yuan and nourished his injuries for an hour, the red swollen lumps on his body had finally disappeared.

Ye Qingyu stretched lazily, slowly standing up.

“Eh? Could this be a mistaken sensation? Why do I suddenly feel, that my body moves freer than before and the compatibility of my inner yuan and my body is even greater?”

Ye Qingyu discovered an abnormal occurrence.

Especially in the areas where the skinny disciplinary teacher had struck. After the inner yuan had reduced the swelling, the flow of inner yuan in these areas was extremely smooth, as if his body was one with the inner yuan.

Could it be……

Ye Qingyu thought of something, but he could not be sure.

……

The second day.

Ye Qingyu continued to train in the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King] in the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] at the same time as cultivating his inner yuan. As he discovered more and more secrets within these stances, he became more and more certain that these techniques were incomparably intricate.

Apart from training, Ye Qingyu would also observe the Bronze book in his sea of consciousness, the [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

After the Bronze book had automatically absorbed the energy within the Spirit spring, Ye Qingyu could sense in these past days that there was still an indistinct connection between the Spirit spring and the Bronze book.

After the careful observation of Ye Qingyu, he discovered that the page with the golden armoured King was within the section of [Titled Fiendgods]. Apart from this, there was also [Titled Divine Weapons] and [Titled Strange Objects]. It was really a pity, that at this moment, there was no way to open these sections.

He guessed that this may be due to the fact that his inner yuan was not yet deep or pure enough. It had no way of supporting the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] to uncover the sections. After hard cultivation and raising his level, with inner yuan, he guessed that he could activate the other sections of the [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

Today, afternoon had come.

The skinny middle-aged man appeared again.

It seemed like he really was the new disciplinary teacher in charge of looking after Ye Qingyu. He placed the food at the door, coldly staring at Ye Qingyu without saying a word.

Ye Qingyu let off a cold shiver.

“Elder, why do you look at me with such a gaze…” Ye Qingyu attempted to become closer to the teacher.

“What about my gaze?” The skinny middle-aged man’s gaze became even colder.

“Er, how do I put it… elder, your gaze is as if I owe you a huge debt or as if I have abducted your daughter? It’s really an unfathomable mystery, I don’t know if elder previously…” Ye Qingyu smiled ingratiatingly.

“You have a cheap mouth do you not? Let me help you fix it!” The skinny middle-aged man coldly laughed, as if he was a dragon that had its mate taken away during intercourse. With a shout, he rushed like lighting at Ye Qingyu.

Pak!Pak!Pak!

The terrifying power of his fingers broke through the air, as if it was a bow that was reinforced by runes.

Ye Qingyu once again covered his head and ran like a rat.

The lightness of the middle-aged man was exceptional and had unfathomable strength. Ye Qingyu attempted to block one or two strikes, then was struck even harder. His entire body was filled with swollen bumps, as if he had been bitten by a swarm of demonic mosquitoes.

This process continued for a full ten minutes.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

