Chapter 205:


Chapter 206 - Chaotic signs

Liu Yuqing nodded his head. "The [Dragon Whip] Jing Qiming of the Violet Seven Stars sect, the Li Qiushui of the Crepe Myrtle sect, the Quan Zhendong of the Setting Sun and Great River sect, the Wang Yifeng of the Deer Cauldron sect already came to Youyan Pass last night. Zhao Shanhe of the Dragon Tiger sect[1] [2] [3] [4] , the Qin Zhishui of the Matchless Blade City should arrive approximately this afternoon. These are the top level experts of the new generation in the top six sects. Their arrival will signify that Youyan Pass is about to be busy.”

Lu Zhaoge nodded his head. “The people of the sects think of themselves highly. Their strength and talent is exceptional, but the more this is so, the more that they will not be so obedient when they arrive here. If there are none in the army that can suppress them, there will be many troubles… Siufeng and the others cannot disregard their status to suppress them… If we cannot make do, then I will have to trouble the person beside you." "You mean… fine, it seems from the current situation, we can only do this." Liu Yuqing nodded his head.

"After so many years, we still cannot produce a young genius in the [Youyan army]. Could it be that only the sects can produce a young top level expert?" Lu Zhaoge sighed for a while. "In the past, they could not even accommodate Yan Buhui, leading to such a painful consequence today… Yuqing, do you think I still have a chance to make things right for the things that happened in the past?"

Liu Yuqing did not say anything.

The Lu Zhaoge today was different from other days. The him that cultivated in the [Emotionless Heart Sutra], should not have such regrets and worries.

The matters in the past, many people were able to guess as to just what had happened. Yan Buhui was originally fated to die, but ultimately was able to live on. The reverse occurred instead of destroying him root and branch. This originally was the greatest humiliation ever since the [Youyan army] was founded, but very many people knew that this humiliation should not be borne by the [Youyan army]. In the sure kill plan, just how was Yan Buhui able to live on became the greatest mystery of the core forces that had participated in this matter in the past.

But hearing the words of Yan Buhui and Lu Zhaoge today, it was very likely that some people could already find the answer.

Even though Liu Yuqing did not know why Lu Zhaoge said such words, but with Lu Zhaoge's wisdom, there must be a very deep meaning contained within.

As to why the [Youyan army] still could not produce true young top level experts, and still relied on these old people to support the Pass, this matter was far too complicated. Lu Zhaoge may not know the true reason behind this, so he only just sighed. There were some matters that even if you know the truth behind it, it was still very hard to change…

However, it was untrue that there was not a true genius that had appeared.

Liu Yuqing suddenly thought of a name.

He was about to speak, when he heard Lu Zhaoge continue on "Oh, that's right, that Ye Qingyu… how do you feel about him?"

Liu Yuqing let out a faint smile, he was just about to mention this name. He instantly nodded his head: "Great potential." "Great potential?" Lu Zhaoge glanced at Liu Yuqing, saying with a smile, "Mister Liu rarely gives such a straightforward evaluation of a person. It seems like this Ye Qingyu suits your appetite really well. At the beginning, the military department let out a direct order for this youth to come to the army without any input from the [Youyan army] to assume the role of the patrolling sword envoy. I originally thought this matter would be very complicated, but I did not think…“ "That's right, I originally also assumed that was so. But after the investigation of the experts of the [Shadow Camp], I've found out that his background is completely clean. There is also the news that this order came directly from within the Imperial palace…" Liu Yuqing said. "Perhaps it is us that turned a simple matter into something complicated. This youth possesses a heroic military badge, he originally is someone that deserves trust."

Lu Zhaoge nodded his head. "Your words are right, I feel that he is an excellent talent. It is only his temperament that is somewhat rash and straightforward. His strength and temperament somewhat does not match. I originally wanted to give him great responsibility, but I fear that his personality is too forceful, and will provoke too many people. This will conversely be bad for him, and cause his path to end early and cause harm to him instead. The example of Yan Buhui, is evident."

Liu Yuqing did not say anything.

Lu Zhaoge's evaluation was reasonable. The way Ye Qingyu did things did not allow for any bend in it. Even facing Zhang San, this huge figure, he chose to fight hard with hard. Although the end result was something that was outside of everyone’s expectations, but the way he did things made Liu Yuqing sweat for this young hero.

"If his strength can take a step forward, then right now he can assume more responsibility." Lu Zhaoge smiled. "In truth, my expectations for him is still high. This little fellow is a sharp sword, as long as we grind and polish it, his future will arrive soon." “But the time given to us is becoming less and less. A pity. If Ye Qingyu appeared ten years before… no, five years, or even three, he can bear even more… time does not wait for us." Liu Yuqing sighed.

Lu Zhaoge nodded his head, and was about to say something when he let out a shocked exclamation.

The colour of his face changed, turning to look at the window outside.

"What is it?" Liu Yuqing’s expression was perplexed.

"Somewhat interesting." There was a trace of curiosity on Lu Zhaoge's face. "On the battle that day, I lost a drop of blood. Afterwards I sensed carefully, and discovered it was lost. I can faintly sense its existence, but if I examine in detail there are no traces at all. This is really too curious." "There's such a thing?" Liu Yuqing was utterly shaken.

With Lu Zhaoge's strength, even if a strand of his hair fell, he could be able to find it from hundreds of miles his way. His consciousness and senses were so strong that if he used his full strength, the entire Youyan Pass was an area within his control. Within his blood, there was his power and spirit held within. Even if it was taken by someone, he would be able to sense it. To think such a strange matter would occur? "This is even more interesting. Just now, I can faintly sense that the power of the curse and the flames of darkness in that droplet of blood has been extinguished by a little." There was a strange colour on Lu Zhaoge's face. "Someone has obtained that drop of blood and even resolved the cursed power within the blood. This matter is really too perplexing.“

Liu Yuqing hearing this, fell into deep thought. "If we are able to find this person, if this person is someone of the Human Race, then does this not mean… the injuries of great commander can be fully healed?"

Lu Zhaoge nodded his head, then shook his head. "The problem is that this person is too hard to find. My senses unexpectedly cannot determine the position of his body. There is a mysterious power that has shrouded his aura from me. I can be sure that he is in the North East direction… Yuqing, it seems we have made an oversight. That there is such an expert within Youyan Pass, but we were not able to discover him."

Liu Yuqing's expression had a graveness in his shock. Nodding his head, he said, "I will go investigate." …… ……

White Horse tower.

The sweat on Ye Qingyu's face fell, drop by drop.

He looked at his own palm.

That bizarre droplet of blood once again settled down.

Approximately an hour ago, when there was an acute pain in his palm, Ye Qingyu discovered that there was a bizarre energy fluctuation in the strange blood that had merged and immersed within his palm. It was as if there were poisonous vines growing everywhere, that was growing from within the blood and was madly invading into his own body.

Thankfully, Ye Qingyu activated the [Supreme Ice flame] at the first instant. Only by doing this could he suppress this bizarre energy down.

There really was something strange with that droplet of blood.

"Thankfully a quarter of this strange power has already been extinguished by my [Supreme Ice flame]. The remainder has also become honest…" Ye Qingyu looked at his palm, feeling somewhat depressed. Just what was this, if this blood suddenly acted up at a crucial moment, it was definitely life threatening.

But the problem was, when it was not acting up, Ye Qingyu had no way of utilizing the [Supreme Ice flame] to extinguish and eradicate it.

"In this blood, there are in total three types of energy. One is the original power of the blood, it is comparatively pure and calm. The other is that with demonic power, and there is another scarlet scorching energy. The latter two energies are not too friendly, with an extremely destructive power…"

Ye Qingyu carefully recalled the sensations just now.

He faintly felt that he had seen that dim red scorching power before.

"I must be careful in the future and must quickly get rid of this drop of blood. Otherwise, there will be a great problem." Ye Qingyu had trepidation in his heart.

…… ……

In the next few days after this, the activities to scout out and kill the Demon Race within Youyan Pass became more and more intense.

The Demon Race had out of the blue invaded Youyan Pass. It was as if this incident had lit a flame that could not be controlled.

This flame began madly burning and raging throughout the entire Youyan Pass. The experts of the army searched for the Demon Race everywhere. Those citizens who had lost their families because of the Demon Race, as well as the Jianghu people who became motivated by the monetary rewards, also participated in this mad operation to search and hunt the Demon Race out.

Those people who had lived for tens of years felt that there was nothing they could do.

Because when they awoke, they would suddenly receive the notice that their own neighbour, the people that they know, the people they had conversations with… the people that were once very familiar with them, were demons in disguise.

There were many people that did not dare believe this. To think that the Pass that had been cultivated painstakingly by the [Youyan army], that there were so many spies of the Demon Race hidden within.

Every day, there would be spies of the Demon Race that would be discovered. They would be placed on the [Beheading Demon Platforms] to be killed, and the bloody head and corpse would be held in the steel cages as an example.

This blood smell permeated throughout Youyan Pass.

If at the start, this operation was controlled normally within its area, then as time passed on, as the bloody smell spread throughout the whole Pass, with some people with particular motives beginning to fan the flames, this situation became madder and madder. It was as if everyone’s eyes were covered and smothered by fresh blood, there was only killing in their eyes…

There were even some signs of robbery during a fire.

Within Youyan Pass, there was an unprecedented chaotic situation that appeared.

Although the army had arrested some people that were taking advantage of the situation, but the chaos of the Pass did not stop because of this.

Some of the Jianghu people also began swaggering in the large roads. They had unfriendly expressions as they stared at the people passing by. Once they discovered something suspicious, they would instantly rush to interrogate them, as if they were a pack of rabid dogs. There were all sorts of posters and formation tools in their hands, with a scorching light burning in their eyes.

……

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 206:


Chapter 207 - Gilded invitation

Youyan Pass became unprecedentedly agitated.

Very many people felt a trepidation that came just before the arrival of a disaster. This was especially so as more and more Jianghu people arrived at the Pass. There were even times that the army and the Jianghu people would have conflict with each other, and with fights breaking out within the city. Even the internal structure of the Jianghu people were not absolutely united. Different sects had different motives and schemes. There were some sects that originally had enmities between them and they brought these grudges along with them to Youyan Pass.

Using the light of blades and the shadow of swords to describe this period of time in Youyan Pass was absolutely perfect.

The disciplines and rigid rules that the [Youyan army] had taken so long to establish seemed as if it was about to be broken by something.

In these days, Ye Qingyu spent the large majority of his time within the White Horse tower. Apart from trying to erase that strange drop of blood in his palm earlier, he spent the rest of his time understanding and investigating the contents of the [Pill Mantra]. He was also accustoming himself to the increase in energy within his body. Ye Qingyu was not in a hurry to refine the little piece of Origin crystal that was left down.

Of course, Ye Qingyu was also concerned with the developments in the city.

There were even two or three times, that there were people with blind eyes that came to incite trouble at the White Horse tower. Bai Yuanxing scolded and chased them away, holding Ye Qingyu's military seal. As the saying goes, the fame of a person is like the shadow of a tree. Ye Qingyu was after all a Marquis that had been titled by the Empire through his contributions. He only exhibited his claws and fangs, and this bunch of Jianghu people did not dare provoke him anymore.

But the problem was, even the White Horse tower experienced such confrontations. One could imagine, just how chaotic the other places of the city were.

In these days, when Mother Wu went to purchase food, she would also tremble and quiver slightly.

Ye Qingyu thought it over for a while, then told Mother Wu to just bring her entire family to stay within White Horse tower so she could look after them. After all, apart from the four levels of the White Horse tower, there were also some courtyards and space that were completely empty. If there were some people inhabiting here, it would be better than the lonely state right now. The Ye Qingyu who had come from a poor district, preferred the hustle and bustle of the streets and alleys.

Mother Wu's family naturally thanked him for his grace, quickly rushing to move in overnight.

Ye Qingyu originally still wanted to head towards the Vanguard to find the little brother of the armoured sentry. But it was a pity that Liu Zongyuan and Wen Wan were completely busy these days, with rarely any free time available. Without the aid of Mad Tiger Wen, if Ye Qingyu went by himself in search for him, he would not find him anytime soon. Therefore, he could only wait patiently for a couple more days.

From the news coming from all channels, the piece of information that made the mood of everyone grave was that the [War God of Youyan Pass] Lu Zhaoge did not appear in the first great meeting of the Spring time offense of the [Youyan army]. The people that were originally worried about his injuries, became even more and more anxious.

In these tens of years, this was the first time that the [War God of Youyan Pass] had not attended such an important military discussion.

From all sorts of signs, the injuries that Lu Zhaoge suffered were most likely not as light as the most optimistic estimates were. Furthermore, there were constantly strange rumours that travelled out. The surface of these waves were already crashing within Youyan Pass, but the hidden currents were even more terrifying. There were higher ups of the army who tried to suppress this, but the effect was no longer as evident as before.

Apart from this, it was rumoured that the leaders of the younger generation of the top three sects and top three factions within the Empire had already appeared within Youyan Pass. It instantly caused a large swathe of discussion. There were many Jianghu people, and even normal citizens, who had long heard of the feats of these young people of the sects, that wanted to catch a glimpse of their true appearance.

There were rumours that the Li Qiushui of the Crepe Myrtle sect had already sent out invitations. He invited all the heroes within the sects in Youyan Pass to gather a month later. He wanted to host a Murim meeting that belonged to the people of the sects and Jianghu. They wanted to elect a Murim leader, to rule over the forces of the Jianghu in Youyan pass, so that they could cooperate more easily with the army.

"This is completely ridiculous." When Ye Qingyu heard this news, he was between laughter and tears. "When the Empire sent out the summons, the terms were already extremely clear. If the Jianghu people listened to the enlistment, and came to serve in Youyan Pass, the rules set from the beginning was that the sects would obey military orders and the [Youyan army] will lead. And now these people want to create a Jianghu leader, to negotiate with the army, could it be that their brains are not working? A bunch of retards that does not know anything about military warfare, to want to wrest leadership from the military, could they be even more impervious to reason than this?"

Ten days later.

Being confined for so long in the White Horse tower, and his cultivation had temporarily entered into a plateau, Ye Qingyu decided to relax his mood by visiting various parts of the city. As well as doing this, he could seek the supplies of the ingredients he needed for his pills. He was already preparing to create a pill.

Spring time arrived.

The accumulated snow in Youyan Pass began to melt. Within the vision of everyone, they were able to see blotches of green.

The sun above their heads also became warm, but there was still a shivering cold in the air.

Ye Qingyu came out alone.

But after exiting a hundred meters from the White Horse tower, he was slightly taken aback.

Nan Hua with a body hugging purple robe, had a large smile as she walked out from the tea restaurant, heading towards Ye Qingyu[1] .

"Marquis Ye, we meet again." Nan Hua came to in front of Ye Qingyu, greeting him as if they were old friends. This tight fitting dress completely complement[2] ed her perfect figure. As a woman, she had an extreme figure with long legs and a slim waist. She was slightly taller than the average woman, her skin white like jade, with well distributed proportions. The parts that were convex were convex and the parts that were concave were concave. Her hair was like a black waterfall. And because she had constantly practiced martial arts ever since she was small, there was a heroic spirit that one could hardly see on a normal girl. This easily roused a man's desire to conquer her.

In the illumination of the morning sun, it was as if every strand of Nan Hua's hair was flickering with a golden light.

She believed that she was very beautiful at this moment.

Because she was able to sense that there was a sense of shock in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

But the next words Ye Qingyu asked made her feel rage and defeat at the same time.

"You are?" Ye Qingyu frowned as he asked.

To have forgotten me?

He really did not manage to remember me?

Nan Hua grinded her teeth, then said with a faint smile, "Nan Hua, a Crepe Myrtle sect disciple. Marquis Ye, we have already met a few times before in the [Breeze and Drizzle building]." "Oh." Ye Qingyu nodded his head, then directly asked, "What do you want me for?"

Nan Hua pursed her lips together, then gave off a wronged smile, "Can I not find you if I have nothing to do?" "You have nothing to do, but I do." Ye Qingyu nodded his head. "Then… Bye."

Saying this, he completely stepped past Nan Hua, striding away.

With such a young and beautiful girl flirting with him, Ye Qingyu naturally would not reject since the vanity in his heart had received the greatest satisfaction. But without knowing exactly why, Ye Qingyu had an instinctive adverse reaction towards this girl called Nan Hua of the Crepe Myrtle sect. The he who had a photographic memory, of course remembered just who this Nan Hua was. Previously, when he had pretended not to remember her, was because he did not want to have any relations with her.

Nan Hua was stunned.

She was really angered. She was used to men chasing after her, just when had she suffered such a sight?

This Ye Qingyu, just what did he mean?

Could it be that he did not like women?[3]

Or was it… she had to loosen the reins in order to control him better?

Fiercely stomping on the ground, the smile on her face retreated. Nan Hua turned around, her hand flicking and a ray of golden light flew out towards the back of Ye Qingyu. "One month later, in the Youyan restaurant, the Li Qiushui of the Crepe Myrtle sect, as well as everyone of the Jianghu, waits for the arrival of Marquis Ye."

Saying this, she left in a fit of rage.

Ye Qingyu lifted his hand, catching this ray of golden light.

It was a gilded invitation.

Opening the invitation to have a look, the name Li Qiushui was at the very forefront. This was an invitation inviting Ye Qingyu to attend a Murim Jianghu meeting. Apart from the name of Li Qiushui, there were also numerous names written on it. They should be the famous characters of the sects within the Empire.

"This is really strange. I am not someone of the sects, why must they give me an invitation?"

Ye Qingyu was somewhat nonplussed.

He stowed away the invitation, not able to determine the meaning behind these people of the sects.

As to whether he would attend, he would decide later.

……

Hundred Herb Hall.

As one of the four largest medicinal ingredients provider in the Empire, this was a store that was well known. Different branches of it were stationed in each of the major regions of the Empire. When Youyan Pass was just created, in the first few years, a branch of the Hundred Herb Hall was already established and opened within the Pass. Through painstaking cultivation, as well as the long established cooperating attitude between the Hundred Herb Hall and the Empire, the business within Youyan Pass became more and more busy. It was rumoured that of the herbs used by the [Youyan army], a quarter of it was provided by this branch of the Hundred Herb Hall.

Therefore, the status of the Hundred Herb Hall was not small at all within Youyan Pass.

Before it had reached noon, Ye Qingyu appeared in the main hall of the first floor of the Hundred Herb Hall.

A clean and neat little worker was currently passionately receiving Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu went to the edges of the hall to have a look.

The great hall of the first floor exceeded ten acres, with the space being extremely large. It was split into different areas. There were normal medicinal herbs and Spirit herbs that were sold, as well as an area where doctors were responsible for treatment and the distribution of medicine. Large copper-coloured medicine boxes were positioned according to the eight trigrams, situated in different locations. The little workers were like bees in a hive, they nimbly shuttled and travelled between these boxes.

In the dense fragrance of the herbs, an ancient classic fragrance could be smelled from the outside.

"Marquis, you came to collect some herbs?" The little worker came to beside Ye Qingyu, his smile filled with satisfaction and pride. "I am not bragging, but within Youyan Pass, only our Hundred Herb Hall has the best complete collection. The quality of the herbs is also the best, we can guarantee that they are of the correct age and suitable medicinal strength…"

Ye Qingyu smiled and nodded and was about to say something.

"You go to the other side and help. I will personally serve this Marquis." A lean old yellow man wearing a pale yellow robe with a goatee panted as he ran over. He lightly patted the shoulder of this littler worker, saying these words.

The little worker turned to have a look, shock in his heart. "Shopkeeper Sui? Fine, fine." Turning to pay his respects to Ye Qingyu, he quickly left.

"Marquis, I am the manager of the great hall of the first floor. I wonder what kind of herbs you want to obtain?" the goateed old man laughed, saying respectfully.

This lean goateed old man, was known as Sui Yiwen. Within Youyan Pass, he was known as the [Medicine man], and constantly interacted with herbs. He was familiar with tens of thousands of the medicinal properties of the herbs. His clear and discerning eyes could see the validity of each herb, and he had extremely high skills in terms of medicine and treatment. He had learnt the pill arts, and was extremely skilled in harvesting herbs. He was an authority in the terms of herbs in the Pass.

Ye Qingyu looked at this person. "You recognize me?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 207:


Chapter 208 - Thirty percent off

"I was fortunate enough to receive the invitation to the Pass Lord's residence. I was able to see the face of Marquis Ye at the bestowal ceremony when you were presented with your title," the shopkeeper replied with a smile. "Marquis Ye is a young genius, you have always been in the spotlight in these recent days in the entire Youyan Pass. Those people with status and identity, if they do not recognize Marquis Ye, they really have eyes but no pupils."

Ye Qingyu smiled slightly, but did not say anything in response.

This shopper was a person extremely skilled with his words. At the very least, the words he said just now, apart from complimenting him, was evidently indicating that he was a very important figure within Youyan Pass. He was able to come and go from the Pass Lord's residence, this could not help but make people raise their estimation of him.

"I wonder what the Marquis wants?" The shopkeeper enthusiastically grinned at him. "If you really have a need, you don't need to come personally. As long as you send someone to give me a notice, I will definitely deliver what you want at the first instant. For those who have contributed greatly towards the army, they can receive a twenty percent off in the Hundred Herb Hall.” "Oh? There is such a rule?" Ye Qingyu was slightly surprised.

"This is how it is. The Hundred Herb Hall was founded when the Empire was founded. It was once the specified merchant companies for the procurement of herbs for the Empire. The earliest president of the business once said, that Hundred Herb Hall was only able to reach the state it is today, by relying on the support of the Empire. In these years, the Hundred Herb Hall has always cooperated with the Empire, with ten percent off given to people from the army. Those who have greatly contributed to the armies of the Empire can get twenty percent off," the shopkeeper seriously explained. "For Marquis Ye being so exceptional and talented, and having such great contributions, becoming the youngest Marquis of the Empire, can be counted as a miracle. Your nam has long appeared in the list of the most noble guests of the Empire of Hundred Herb Hall. If you want to procure any herbs or medicine, then it will be thirty percent off."

Ye Qingyu hearing this, his heart was shaken yet again.

Thirty percent off?

This really was outside of his expectations.

If it was a large sect that came to procure supplies, thirty percent off was really a great amount of wealth they could save.

This Hundred Herb Hall had really given greatly this time.

Since it was like so, then of course he had to accept.

Demon King Ye was not a pedantic person.

Far off.

The little worker that had previously received Ye Qingyu, seeing this scene, was incomparably stunned in his heart. He licked his lips, somewhat curious.

This white-robed young man, just who was he?

For the shopkeeper to receive him personally - normally, even if it was those glorious military warfare officers that arrived, the manager would not be so enthusiastic. Just where had this great character popped up from?

Thinking back, that he had just chatted with such a great character, the mood of this little worker, apart from feeling a little bit of fear, felt largely excited.

It seems like these great figures were not as hard to deal with as what his senior brothers had said.

It was as if there was a ray of sunlight that had entered into the heart of the little worker; there was a type of warm feeling.

The other side.

Hearing the shopkeeper constantly introducing the glorious history of the Hundred Herb Hall, Ye Qingyu halted in front of one of the copper medicinal boxes. Turning back with a smile. "Then thank you very much, shopkeeper Sui, I want to purchase some Iron Seven-Coloured Herb, do you have it in stock?”

The Iron Seven-Coloured Herb was namely one of the ingredients of the pill formula.

Shopkeeper Sui smiled as he heard this. "Marquis you have come to the right place today. Iron herbs are typically made of five colours, and six colours are rarely able to see. Seven-Coloured herbs are extremely uncommon, there are very little people who have ever seen one before. If you went somewhere else, they would think you were having a joke with them. But within the Hundred Herb Hall, there really is such a herb.”

Ye Qingyu was delighted in his heart.

There were a total of eighteen different kinds of ingredients on the pill formula. There were eight ingredients that Ye Qingyu had heard of before, but ten were completely unknown to him. In these days within White Horse tower, he had researched the attributes of these different herbs, He understood very well that the Iron Seven-Coloured Herb was really rare, he had not imagined that the Hundred Herb Hall would really have it in stock.

But his expression did not show any change, asking again, "Do you have the Mysterious Voice Three Ringed Wood?"

As shopkeeper Sui heard this, he let out a faint smile. "So Marquis Ye was a person with great knowledge and understanding of herbs. The two herbs you just mentioned are extremely rare, but not only have I heard of them before, coincidentally the Hundred Herb Hall also has it in stock.

He had it in stock too?

Ye Qingyu's heart could not help but be overjoyed.

He once again spat out tens of names of the other different herbs.

Shopkeeper Sui attentively verified every name said by Ye Qingyu, his expression becoming more and more serious. After pondering for a while, he said, "All these herbs are extremely rare. In a normal herbal store, it is very unlikely that you will be able to find such herbs. Some of the names are what they are known by at the Upper Age, Far Ancient Age and even the God and Devil Age. By today, their names have long changed. A normal herbal expert would most likely not even have heard of these names before. I did not think that Marquis Ye would have such in-depth knowledge towards these herbs and medicines." "How about it?" Ye Qingyu asked.

All the herbs and ingredients in the pill formula had been read out by him. If it were herbs in the God and Devil Age, then they most likely have gone extinct by now. Who would have thought this [Medicine Man] really had such ability, to be able to discern the names and what they were known by in the ancient ages. It seems like he had really found the right person today.

Ye Qingyu was not afraid that this Shopkeeper Sui would be able to figure out anything from these ingredients. Different kinds of ingredients had different quantities, sequence and composition. Only by doing a process in a certain way could a pill be refined. Refining a pill was an extremely complicated process that took a long amount of time. The amount of heat, control, etc., had to be precise. It was not something that one was able to figure out just from the ingredients.

"We have all these ingredients in Hundred Herb Hall," Shopkeeper Sui let out an affirmative reply.

Ye Qingyu let out a breath of relief.

"But…" Shopkeeper Sui hesitated for a bit, observing the expression on Ye Qingyu's face. "Of the Lion Worm Heart Powder, the Flying Cloud Vine and the Violet Jade Gold Radish, we do not have it in the stock in the branch within Youyan Pass. We need to request they allocate it to us. If there is a hurry for these ingredients, we can approximately obtain it within six days. "

Six days?

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh of relief.

He could easily wait for six days.

In reality, before setting out today, he had already set his expectations that he could not obtain all the ingredients, or perhaps that he could not even obtain even one ingredient. After all, this was a very ancient pill formula. After the long years had passed, there was absolutely the possibility that some of the Spirit herbs and medicines had gone extinct. Compared to this, this was already an extremely great news.

"Of these herbs, I wonder what quantities Marquis Ye needs it in?" Shopkeeper Sui brought Ye Qingyu to the noble guest area of the great hall in the first floor. There was a female servant who presented him with tea as he carefully asked his question.

Ye Qingyu glanced over the list of prices, his heart faintly shocked. The prices were far higher than he had imagined. If he procured all the ingredients available, it could roughly only sustain him refining this pill ten times over.

But this pill had too great a significance for him. Ye Qingyu thought it over, biting his teeth, then stated the quantities he needed it in.

Then the matter afterwards became much simpler.

According to the discount of thirty percent off, he gave a deposit over. Signing a formation contract, this transaction officially became effective.

"Six days later, I will personally deliver the herbs to your residence. For Marquis Ye to come and procure herbs from our Hundred Herb Hall, this has really brought us too great a glory. I thank you for your trust. If you have any need at all, then please direct me as you will. We will give you the best and quickest service."

Shopkeeper Sui said very happily.

For the Hundred Herb Hall , it did not matter too much just how much money they made.

The branches of the Hundred Herb Hall were spread throughout Snow Empire. The profit and loss they sustained every day was something a normal person could not even imagine. And for every shopkeeper of every region, profit was one of the criterion where they would compete against each other on. But the great harvest for Shopkeeper Sui today was that he was able to network with Ye Qingyu, this was the most important matter.

One must know that in the most recent scroll of the Hundred Herb Hall passed down internally, it had an extremely high evaluation of this Ye Qingyu. The elders of the hall all agreed that if there was enough time, this new noble of the army would perhaps become one of the representatives of the [Youyan army]. To keep a positive relation with such a character was much more valuable than making money from a single transaction.

As for Ye Qingyu, he also greatly admired the way Hundred Herb Hall handled matters.

This was a transaction that made both parties satisfied.

And when Ye Qingyu prepared to turn and leave, there was suddenly a clamour that came from outside the great hall. What followed after was a flurry of footsteps, with the faint hints of shouts, as if some kind of conflict had occurred.

What had happened?

The colour of Shopkeeper Sui faintly changed, smiling slightly. "This is a small matter. Recently, there has been many Jianghu people in the city…"

Ye Qingyu smiled, indicating that he understood.

But after a while, this clamour did not end, but rather became louder and louder. If one strained, one could hear the distressed cries of a woman, and someone cursing loudly.

A little worker rushed in, in a panicked state, saying something beside the ear of SShopkeeper Sui.

There was a trace of rage that appeared on Shopkeeper Sui's face. Standing up and clasping his hands, he quickly said, "Marquis, excuse me. I'll go and have a look, I'm afraid I have to interrupt our conversation…"

Ye Qingyu also stood up. "I'll also accompany Shopkeeper Sui to have a look.”

Shopkeeper Sui was somewhat surprised, "Exactly what I was looking for."

Under the lead of two of the workers, they came to the front of the great hall of the first floor. They saw a crowd of people pointing at someplace and discussing. Splitting apart the crowd, they saw a crowd of Jianghu people wearing purple robes standing like wolves or tigers at the entrance to the hall. They blocked everyone inside, emitting a killing intent. There was a delicate faced [1] yellow-dressed young married woman as well as a child four or five years old, that was under steel shackles. They were about to be dragged away… "Shopkeeper Sui, you've finally arrived…" "This bunch of people wants to take away senior sister Huang and Ling'er!" "Shopkeeper Sui, quickly save them."

Once Shopkeeper Sui appeared, all the workers of the store quickly rushed over with panic in their face.

"What is happening?" There was a hint of rage between the tightly locked brows of Shopkeeper Sui.

This young married woman in a yellow dress that was held in steel shackles, her name was Huang Zhen. She was one of the herbal masters of Hundred Herb Hall, and had profound medical skills. Shopkeeper Sui admired her knowledge in terms of herbs and medicines. Her husband was a military warfare officer within Youyan Pass, and had unfortunately perished two years ago in a battle. Huang Zhen had endured the pain, and raised her son Ling'er alone. She possessed an extremely stubborn personality. She received much respect and protection from the workers of the store.

The people of the Jianghu dared to cause trouble and come to the Hundred Herb Hall to capture someone?

The fires of rage of Shopkeeper Sui was currently burning.

"Who are you people? Why have you come to capture people of my Hundred Herb Hall?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 208:


Chapter 209 - You deserved to be hit

"What? What's so great about the Hundred Herb Hall?" Of the crowd of Jianghu people, there was a young person with purple robes that abruptly turned back. He coldly evaluated Shopkeeper Sui with a glance, contempt in his face.

"There is nothing so great about Hundred Herb Hall," Shopkeeper Sui harshly replied. "But if you want to capture my herbal masters within Hundred Herb Hall, then you will have to think about this twice." "Hm, really?" The purple robed young man laughed.

The surrounding Jianghu people also began chuckling.

Ye Qingyu gave these people a glance, recognizing them as the disciples of the Violet Seven Stars sect. Within, there were the people who were taken care of by him previously - including the junior brother Lin. His swollen face had already returned to normal, and the teeth that were knocked out had been replaced. There did not seem to be too much difference from his usual appearance. It was only that in his expression, there seemed to be an evil fire hiding within, a poisonous gaze flickering within his eyes.

“We've long heard that the Hundred Herb Hall could not be provoked. However…" Saying this, the young man that just spoke coldly sneered. "But we did not imagine that the Hundred Herb Hall would shelter the Demon Race."

As these words were said, the expression of everyone’s faces changed.

Sheltering the Demon Race?

Hundred Herb Hall?

This was a truly grave matter.

In that instant, everyone looked towards Shopkeeper Sui. If the Hundred Herb Hall was really proven to have some sort of relationship with the Demon Race, then it was not just a simple matter of a herbal master being dragged away. Most likely, even the entire Hundred Herb Hall would not be able to bear this crime. One must know that the Demon Race had become the topic of conversation that caused people’s faces to pale whenever they discussed this issue within Youyan Pass.

Shopkeeper Sui was taken aback, then chuckled coldly. "Whether I have or have not sheltered the Demon Race is not something that could be determined without proof by someone like you. Don't try to spread lies and rumours here. If you really have suspicions, then you should let the [Youyan army] investigate. You are only someone without status of the Jianghu, you dare smear the name of the Hundred Herb Hall? Do you not want to live anymore?"

These words powerfully resonated throughout the room.

Hundred Herb Hall had never lacked for status; after all these years of cooperating with the army, how was it possible for them to be threatened by these Jianghu people.

"Haha, Hundred Herb Hall is really too glorious." The young person of the Violet Seven Stars sect began chuckling, taking out an oval shaped seal and waving it about. "We are under orders from the military supply department to capture the demonic creatures within the city, what about it? Can this be counted as the judgement of the [Youyan army]? Does your Hundred Herb Hall, accept this?"

Shopkeeper Sui gave a glance at this, his heart dropping.

This oval shaped seal was really the military seal of the supply department.

Why would there be a military seal of the supply department on the body of these Jianghu people?

The matter became hard to handle.

Hundred Herb Hall had always maintained an excellent relationship with the army, but it did have some small conflict with the head of the military supply department Zhang San. The relationship between them was not that good. The primary reason for this was that the personality of Zhang San was far too greedy; he began taxing more and more of the herbs that Hundred Herb Hall provided to the army. This had already exceeded the warning limits of the Hundred Herb Hall. For the whole Hundred Herb Hall, it was not too great a problem if they gave some herbs and money to Zhang San. But the true problem was that if they gifted Zhang San with too many things, this would break the laws of the Empire. This was truly the matter they needed to be careful of.

But Zhang San did not share this perspective.

This was the reason they were in a somewhat conflicted situation in the recent year or two.

Could it be that this was Zhang San's directions behind the scene? "Mama, mam, I'm hurta…" The little boy that was held in steel shackles was shivering, the barbed steel shackles had torn apart his skin, nearly touching his bones. His face was ghastly as he twitched, obviously scared out of his wits. He tightly hugged his own mother; at this time, only the most important person in his life could give him a sense of security.

"Ling'er don't cry…" Huang Zhen tightly clutched onto her own son, her hand latching onto those piercing steel chains, to prevent it entering any deeper into her son’s body. But both her hands, were already completely broken and dripping with blood. The steel barbs had completely pierced through her dainty hands, her hair falling down around her face like the clouds. She lifted her head. "I did not collude with the Demon Race." "You did not collude with the Demon Race?" The purple-robed young man coldly sneered, taking out a trigram shaped jade piece from the people behind him. Afterwards, he directed it onto the head of the little boy. On the white jade piece, one could suddenly see a pale red light flickering on it.

"Demon Seeking Jade Piece[JR1] [AT2] . If they are of the Demon Race, once they near this jade piece, it will show a red colour. Humans can lie, but the formation on this jade piece will not." The purple robed young person cruelly tugged the steel chains in his hand, coldly saying, "The son is someone of the Demon Race, what about his mother? Haha, having affairs with the Demon Race? Or perhaps she is originally someone of the Demon Race? The Hundred Herb Hall has hidden these evildoers, I fear even you guys will not be able to evade responsibility."

As the steel shackles moved, the boy screamed tragically with pain.

The colour of shopkeeper Sui's face became hard to look upon.

“No, it's not like this. Ling'er was a premature birth, so he had a weak constitution since birth. To treat this, I've given him a drop of the blood flame demon bear to ingest every day, this can help his Yang Qi. Therefore this Demon Seeking Jade Piece[JR3] would have a reaction…" Huang Zhen explained loudly, tightly protecting her son.

"I can stand as witness," Shopkeeper Sui exclaimed loudly. "There has been some misunderstanding."

But the Jianghu people facing them all began laughing.

"What misunderstanding, it’s not something you can talk your way out of. We have to bring them back to investigate," the purple robed young man said sinisterly. "And as you people say, within this boy’s body, there is the blood of the blood flame demon bear. Who knows, will he do something similar to Yan Buhui in the future, betraying the Human Race. We would rather kill someone wrongly than let someone go. He must not remain alive." "You…" Shopkeeper Sui was completely frozen with rage.

The little boy tightly hugged his mother. Looking at Huang Zhen's hand which has been pierced through, his little hands rubbed away the tears on his deathly pale white face. Crying, he said, "Mama, Ling'er doesn't hurt. Release the shackles, your hand is dripping with blood…"

Huang Zhen's heart hurt like blades were stabbing into it.

At this moment, this stubborn female herbal master felt despair.

Thinking back to her husband who had perished during battle with the Demon Race, looking at her young and weak child, her heart was about to be crushed.

“Haha, why are we still hesitating. Bring the slut woman who had an affair with the Demon Race as well as her demonic child away." A muscular man whose figure exceeded two meters appeared; previously, he had only regarded this scene with a cold smile. But right now he felt somewhat impatient. This person lifted his palms that were far larger than the normal person. There was a faint darkness around his fingers and palm, evidently he was skilled in palm martial arts.

Once this person spoke up, the purple-robed young man instantly tugged at the steel shackles, as if he was about to drag Huang Zhen and Ling'er back forcefully.

Huang Zhen's begging gaze turned towards Shopkeeper Sui.

She looked towards Shopkeeper Sui's figure quivering with rage. But in the depth of his pupils, there was hesitation and conflict. At this instant, Huang Zhen finally understood. She finally fell into despair…

But at this instant, another voice sounded out.

"Wait a minute."

Ye Qingyu walked out from behind Shopkeeper Sui.

In no time at all, everyone’s gaze once again focused on Ye Qingyu's body.

"Who are you?" The purple-robed young man was taken aback, then immediately sneered. "Since I don't know you, don't interfere in business that has nothing to do with you. Otherwise, the consequences are not something you can bear."

It was as if Ye Qingyu did not hear him at all.

He kneeled down, his palm lightly patting the head of the little boy called Ling'er and smiled at him. "Little fellow, is the blood of the blood flame demon bear tasty?"

The little fellow stared somewhat guardedly at Ye Qingyu, but was affected by Ye Qingyu's smile. He instinctively shook his head. "It's not good to drink bitter, somewhat scalding… But mama said, only by drinking it can I grow stronger. I need to get stronger to head towards the battlefield and kill the demons, to take revenge for my father…" "Obedient. Where's your father?" Ye Qingyu's palm was placed on Linger's head.

"Mummy said that father is sleeping at the demon field battleground, he can't come back anymore… When I've grown older, I'll go find him…" Ling'ers head was lowered, his little fist tightly clenching.

Huang Zhen had a questioning look on her face as she stared at Ye Qingyu.

She did not know the history of this young man with white robes like jade, nor did she know his motives for asking these questions. But the light of hope after falling into despair made her quiver.

Ye Qingyu smiled, lifting his head to look at Shopkeeper Sui. "The father of this child was one of the heroes who died in battle?"

Shopkeeper Sui quickly rushed to reply, "That's right, Ling'er’s father is the military warfare officer of the Vanguard. In the Battle of the Explosive Snow Glacier, he unfortunately perished…" "Fine, fine, what's the point of saying such useless words. Just who do you think you are, quickly scram away." The purple-robed young man glared unfriendly at Ye Qingyu. "You are so concerned about this slut and her little brat, could it be that you are also their comrade?"

Ye Qingyu still did not pay the slightest attention to him.

He nodded. "This is right; this little child has the smell of the blood flame demon bear. But I can observe that there is not any of the bloodline of the Demon Race within his body. As for the reason the Demon Seeking Jade Piece[JR4] reacted, it should be the fact that he has ingested the demonic blood…" As he spoke to here, his final verdict was, "This child has nothing to do with the Demon Race."

Shopkeeper Sui let out a breath of relief.

The other workers of the Hundred Herb Hall could also relax.

But this purple-robed young man began roaring in rage, "Just who do you think you fucking are, coming out and saying such words. Haha, you think your words are the law, you…"

Before he’d finished.

Ye Qingyu stood up, his hand slapping out.

Pak

The purple-robed young man had not finished speaking when he flew out horizontally, blood jetting out crazily from his mouth.

"No manners, interrupting someone’s words. You deserved to be hit." Ye Qingyu lightly clasped his hands, and in the countless tongue tied gazes, he slowly released Huang Zhen and Ling'er from the shackles on their body. Patting Ling'er on the head, he said with a smile, "All is well now… The son of a perished soldier is someone of the Demon Race. To use such a reason to act is really completely ridiculous." "Thank you, uncle," Ling'er said in a weak voice. Pain caused his entire body to convulse, but he expressed his thanks in the first instant.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback and said in a somewhat annoyed tone, "What uncle? Just how old do you think I am? Call me brother."

Everyone around them began laughing.

The atmosphere evidently relaxed slightly.

But seeing the exploding rage and killing intent from the faces of the Violet Seven Stars sect disciples around them, everyone immediately understood the matter had not ended. A truly horrifying thing was about to happen.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

