Chapter 1017:


Chapter 1032 - All the Millions of Sword Immortals in the World Would Still Have to Submit to Me


"If I kill you here, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] will definitely be distracted."

The Four Stars holy girl's Doppelganger was as bright as jade and looked many times more beautiful and noble compared to her true body. There wasn't any flaw on her body at all as though she was the purest body who had never been tainted by the world, holy and sacred. Ten thousand beams of light burst forth from the [Four Stars Sword] in her hand while the pure and holy light swirled around her body as she walked on the Void toward him and tried to pressurize him with her words.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

"If I were to kill the talent that the Four Stars Sect had spent so much effort in grooming, I'm sure the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect would be even more distracted," he said as his yuan qi circulated around him and a wisp of Immortal qi wrapped itself around his white robes like a silver snake. His sword qi burst out silently and he looked like a matchless sword emperor who stood in the light.

He used her tactic against her.

The Four Stars holy girl's expression didn't change but the corners of her lips curled contemptuously, "I'm afraid you won't be able to do it. You're just an amateur and you're unworthy of the reputation you've earned. You've never truly battled against a true Heaven's prideling, so you’ve formed an exaggerated opinion of yourself. You're incredibly full of yourself, so how would you know just how frightening the resources of the force with a true Emperor could be?"

She was trying to give him a hint and dampen his confidence.

"Is that so?" He said calmly, "You make it seem incredibly powerful but let me tell you what I know, I defeated you at the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, killed your Doppelganger on the Road of Chaos, killed countless of your men at the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor... Yet, you've never once dared to show up and have a proper battle with me. Even earlier, all you dared to do was to try to sneakily attack me. If you mean to tell me that the resources of force with a true Emperor are hiding and escaping, I must admit that I'm not as strong as you in this aspect."

"You've got a sharp tongue," she said extremely calmly. His words didn't get a rise out of her.

As she approached him, her aura continued to surge and she left a trail of strange visions of Four Stars light. White mist circulated as though it was about to destroy the Void behind her. It was extremely mysterious and frightening.

"Brother Nan Tieyi, I'll deal with this woman," he said.

Nan Tieyi nodded and retreated. "Watch out, Brother Ye Qingyu. This woman is very terrifying and she's definitely not as simple as she seems... the Four Stars Sect definitely still have other trump cards, so you can't let down your guard."

Ye Qingyu nodded.

"[Great Light Dragon Punch]!"

He immediately used his deadliest move. His ten fingers bloomed like a lotus flower to pinch out a fist print. He tucked in his hips and arched his spine to get into the most basic stance of the Black Tiger Heart Cannon Punch and this was also a sign that he was going to go all out. He punched out and threw all his might behind it.

A light punch divine sword hurtled out from his fist.

This punch seemed to split the Void of the universe.

If he had used this move against the ten thousand experts who surrendered at the foot of Capital Sky Peak, he was confident that he would have killed them all in three punches

"[Heavenly Darkness]!"

The Four Stars holy girl charged at him with her sword and muttered spiritual words.

Then, the boundless Four Stars silver light behind her surged and protected her within it.

Swoosh!

The [Great Light Dragon Punch]t hit the Four Stars silver light squarely but then it passed through the silver light as though it had hit an illusion and shot toward the vast Void of the universe. It failed to injure the Four Stars holy girl at all. Her white skirts floated in the Void while she looked like a phantom, her aura extremely peculiar.

Huh?

Ye Qingyu's expression changed slightly.

After battling the three matchless swordsmen of Four Stars Sect at the fourth checkpoint, he had already formed an understanding of the mysteries of the Four Stars Sect's martial way. Whatever the Four Stars holy girl displayed earlier was a sign that she had managed to make great advancements in the martial arts techniques of the Four Stars Sect and her figure could now switch between real and illusory. This was a terrifying tactic since this meant that she would remain undefeated even if she didn't attack.

No wonder the Four Stars holy girl was finally ready to face him in battle.

So this was what she could fall back on.

Nonetheless... so what?

His lips curved into a cold smile.

His sword skills had improved tremendously after the battle at the fourth checkpoint and he felt as though he was invincible once he held a sword. He reached out in the Void and two large ice swords that were as white as jade appeared with green wind and purple lightning splendor circulating around these swords. These were the three strongest forms of energy he had mastered to date.

So she could switch between real and illusory without warning?

Then, let's engage in close combat.

Three million sword
Immortal
s in the heavens will still have to bow to me.

This was how confident he was.

He had a sword in each of his hands and knows millions of secret and divine techniques so he would similarly remain undefeated.

Kill!

His figure flashed and he exerted the initial stance of [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike]. He disregarded all defenses and instantly appeared in front of her. His sword light was like bright stars and dotted the skies. There was no trace of killing intent in his sword light so it was as enchanting and as beautiful as a dazzling starry night sky.

"[Sword Darkness]!"

The Four Stars holy girl was as aloof as a moon fairy and there was a Dao rhythm in her voice. Her figure flashed and sword radiance flashed like starry swords to slash at her body but they all passed through her body as though they had slashed at air without any obstructions in the way.

At the same time, the [Four Stars Sword] in her hand trembled and similarly, sword radiance filled the sky.

She sent out thousands of swords in an instant and the tips of her swords bloomed like flowers to release an extremely icy aura that expanded outward unstoppably as though it was going to destroy everything in the stars and planets. Her sword qi was incredibly piercing and sharp.

"Hmm? It’s sword will!"

His eyes lit up.

The Four Stars holy girl was indeed also a master swordswoman and had already comprehended sword will.

The large icy swords in his hands also released a thousand rays of silver light that hurtled out. His counterattack was just as strong as hers.

Clink! Clink! Clink! Clink!

This was a fierce battle of swordsmanship.

Each time there was a metallic clink, it was when their swords collided.

These two were both equally confident of their sword skills and aimed to use this most implausible method to block their opponent's sword moves. The strongest opponents would know each other best and both the Four Stars holy girl and Ye Qingyu didn't utilize any other method to counter the other's attacks.

Even when the doppelgangers battled, unless they were true Quasi-emperors, they would otherwise revert to the most primitive form of battling with their moves, battle techniques, adaptability, determination and stances, and these exchanges would also reveal their true comprehension of the martial way.

His figure flashed.

His Divine Emperor sword will burst forth like a Divine Emperor surveying his kingdom who was so domineering that one couldn't raise one's head while the Four Stars holy girl's icy Four Stars Lunar sword will was like an ethereal fairy from the ninth heavens descending in a ray of clear and bright light. This was a clash of exceedingly powerful sword wills and for a moment, sparks flew everywhere, mist swirled and destructive forces scattered within a million kilometer radius of the Void, as though it was about to smash space.

Bang! Bang!

The pair of large ice swords in his hands was finally unable to bear the frightening force and broke apart.

These large swords that were formed by ice yuan qi were ultimately not as powerful as the [Four Stars Sword] in the Four Stars holy girl's hand.

The moment his swords shattered, silver light swirled in his hands like a long serpent and immediately, a pair of new large swords appeared in his hands that swirled with green wind and purple lightning. These swords formed so quickly that it didn't affect the momentum of the battle at all.

As for Nan Tieyi, his figure had quietly vanished without anyone noticing.

An hour flew by.

In the distance, the battle between the three Quasi-emperors was still ongoing.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]'s body was still as large and domineering as ever and the nebula that swirled around him moved at a mysterious and peculiar pace, like dozens of planets orbiting around the main planet. It looked extremely slow but at the same time, it contained a power that could control the entire universe. His eyes were closed as he continued to defend himself. His defenses were impregnable.

The Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect and Quasi-emperor Mushan employed a myriad of magical abilities and their killing intent boiled like lava and affected an area millions of kilometers around them, turning the entire area into a ravaging death zone. It was like hell and any living creature that stepped into this zone would instantly be reduced to ashes.

Gradually, he sent out his swords that moved like lightning while his Divine Emperor sword wil;l surged unbelievably high. His three powers- ice, purple lightning and green wind expanded outward and covered the entire battlefield, pressing down on the Four Stars holy girl while his sword radiance that filled the sky rained down like comets as he exerted his sword skills to its maximum limits. The Four Stars holy girl's expression changed as the [Four Stars Sword] in her hand gradually lagged behind the speed of his attacks.

"Scatter!" he shouted.

There was an icy flash.

The Four Stars holy girl groaned and an icy coldness slashed her wrist. His sword had hit her. Blood light twinkled as the tendons in her hand broke, then the [Four Stars Sword] flew out of her hand.

A layer of silvery-white snow spread wildly across her wound and instantly, her arm was frozen.

The battle had been so intense that the rate at which she switched between real and illusory was unable to keep up with the pace of his attacks.

She was injured.

His ten thousand rays of sword light spread out like a starry wide web to sweep her within it.

"[Heavenly Darkness]!" She immediately turned into her phantom form as the jaws of death closed in on her and avoided being smashed to pieces.

She escaped and retreated extremely quickly.

As she retreated, her frozen arm broke off and shattered, then a new one grew in its place and the [Four Stars Sword] had also returned to her hands.

"You're not as good as me," he said as his black hair danced wildly. He moved like a sword killing god and didn't let his opponent have any room to breathe as he quickly bridged the distance between them.

"[Sword Darkness - Heavenly Waterfall]!" The Four Stars holy girl's eyes were cold and hard with hatred as she sang an enchanting spell.

The [Four Stars Sword] in her hand shuddered and released layers of dark light like it was tearing off some kind of seal. Then, an extremely terrifying force surged out from her sword.

Bam!

He was knocked back several thousand kilometers by this terrifying force.

"Is this... the power of the Emperor Dao? This sword..." He stared hard at the [Four Stars Sword] and realized it seemed like it had suddenly come back to life. It had been in a 'dead' state previously and was only revealing its true power now. Wisps of Emperor Dao qi spread across the surroundings, as frightening as can be, as though a Quasi-emperor had awakened from his slumber.

This sword was an Emperor weapon.

"Even if your sword skills are matchless, you'll still die here," the Four Stars holy girl said darkly and coldly as she looked at him. Then she continued, "You're the first person who managed to overcome my Lunar sword will but this is where it all ends now. Without the resources of a super force supporting you, you're destined to be cannon fodder. You'll not be able to create miracles anymore."

Ye Qingyu's expression didn't change at all.

He remained extremely calm. He had already been expecting this since the Four Stars holy girl was the successor identified and groomed by the Four Stars Sect. She was extremely highly regarded by the sect and the sect was rich in resources and had also produced an Emperor, so it would definitely have a supremely powerful weapon. She would've come prepared for such a crucial battle.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1018:


Chapter 1033 – Impossible


“It shall be your honor to die to an Emperor weapon.”

The Four Stars holy girl was in an aggressive and arrogant mood.

With the awakened [Four Stars Sword] in hand, her doppelganger became even clearer and brighter, and it took her only a moment to regain the yuan qi she had lost when her arm was torn off by Ye Qingyu. The silver-glowing aura which emanated from the sword pervaded the area within hundreds of thousands of kilometers, completely suppressing Ye Qingyu with its momentum.

Emperor weapons were indeed terrifying.

“It hasn’t been decided who lives and who dies.” On careful perception, Ye Qingyu had further discovered that the [Four Stars Sword] was not a complete Emperor weapon, or in other words, was lacking in some way. The power which emanated from it was not even comparable to that of a Quasi-emperor and only contained some Emperor will.

He heaved a faint sigh of relief.

This is only reasonable.

If the [Four Stars Sword] is really an Emperor weapon, it would absolutely be a supreme treasure of terrifying power, and the Four Stars Quasi-emperor wouldn’t have had to painstakingly make use of the opportunity provided by the descent of the Reincarnation Hall to set up a trap here and gang up with Quasi-emperor Mushan to attack [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. Instead, with it in hand, all he needed to do was exert a full-power strike, and even Li Xiaofei, said to be invincible among his age, would’ve found it most difficult to withstand.

“It’s probably a fake Emperor weapon.”

Ye Qingyu made a final judgment.

However, even a fake Emperor weapon contained rather terrifying power.

“I know what you’re thinking… Forget it, I may as well tell you that you’re right... The core formation of the [Four Stars Sword] is missing, but even so, it should be enough to kill you with.” The Four Stars holy girl laughed grimly as she watched Ye Qingyu like a thin-furred rat before brandishing the [Four Stars Sword] as if she was dancing. This caused a bright silver glow to surge boundlessly as a beam of sword light diffused from the [Four Stars Sword] and shattered the Void.

Ye Qingyu felt an immense bout of qi activity lock on to himself. The murderous intent from that onrushing silver-glowing sword light was astounding. Murmuring to himself that things were not good, he had no choice but to tap on the power of the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] in order to dispel the bout of qi activity from the [Four Stars Sword]. At the critical moment, he was able to zip away and reappear hundreds of thousands of kilometers away, thereby evading this most certainly fatal blow by the skin of his teeth.

“Hoho, let’s see how many strikes you can dodge.” Looking jocose, the Four Stars holy girl continued to exert strikes.

A terrifying silver brilliance split the Void apart. As the beam of sword light zipped past unstoppably, a meteorite of ten kilometers in diameter was silently cleaved into two, much like everything else.

Ye Qingyu evaded it once more.

A section of his black hair was chopped off.

He looked somewhat wretched.

Subjected to the power of the fake Emperor weapon, he would have found it difficult to utilize a supreme sword technique even if he possessed one.

This was what was meant by using power to overcome technique, or “one power to break ten thousand techniques”.

“Hohohoho, why is the [Ice Sword Killing God], the number one swordsman of this age whose name has shocked the world, running away like a dog instead of fighting?” the Four Stars holy girl taunted.



Apart from the three Quasi-emperors, she was matchless among this Void with the [Four Stars Sword] in hand.

She guffawed as she watched her nemesis evading in utter panic with his clothes tattered while nearly getting pulverized by the sword on several occasions. He was indubitably the one who left the deepest impression on her among all those who had ever fought against her, having foiled her plans on several occasions and even slaying a doppelganger which she had painstakingly created. Ultimately, however, he had fallen into this predicament and was set to die to her sword.

The silver glow surged and imperial qi suffused.

Like flowing light, Ye Qingyu's figure retreated ceaselessly to evade that terrifying sword light.

He tried using divine abilities including the [Great Light Dragon Punch] sword will, the fiendgod secret techniques from the Bronze book, and the Divine Emperor Light Sword in retaliation, but each of them were nullified by the imperial qi of the [Four Stars Sword]. Although he was said to be matchless below a Quasi-emperor, he was no Quasi-emperor after all and thus had not comprehended Emperor will or, more importantly, obtained the mandate of heaven. In terms of power, he was way inferior, and this was not because his techniques were weak.

The only thing he could do was retreat.

“Why not pluck up your martial dignity and fight head-on instead of running away?” the Four Stars holy girl teased.

She was enjoying this feeling immensely.

It was certainly pleasurable to be pursuing an enemy of substance.

Her words continually knocked Ye Qingyu's martial heart and weakened his subconscious vigor. Of course, it would be best if she could impel him to go mad and fight a head-on battle, as that would allow her to slay him with one strike and exterminate this bane once and for all.

She had set up a pass on the mountain path of Capital Sky Peak because she did not want to let him come to this world where Quasi-emperors battled over Daos, but, unfortunately, was unable to stop him. She hence realized that it was certainly accurate of the [Camp] to give him the code name [Wildcard], albeit she was determined to make sure that this [Wildcard] did not live another day.

Without saying a word, Ye Qingyu fled at extreme speed.

He was looking as miserable as a rat scurrying away in fear.

“The universe may be big, but still there’s no place for you to hide. Accept your fate.” Boosted by the power of the fake Emperor sword, the Four Stars holy girl gave hot pursuit at an unbelievable speed while continually taunting and brandishing the longsword. As the silver sword light swept across the Void, it annihilated everything in its wake.

Swish!

The sword light struck out.

An arm of Ye Qingyu's doppelganger was chopped off.

Energy spurted like fresh blood.

The doppelganger was injured at last.

As a splendor flickered, the broken arm regrew instantly, but the lost energy could never be regained.

[Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger’s] were the Dao attainments of a warrior’s lifelong martial cultivation. As such, if too much energy was lost, there would be pretty serious consequences, such as falling in realm attained or death.

A delightful radiance sparkled in the Four Stars holy girl’s frosty eyes as she struck out continually.

“There’s no escape. After I’ve killed you, Nan Tieyi will be next. To think that this leftover of the Immortal God Emperor Sect would also be able to obtain an opportunity in the Reincarnation Hall and thus rise sharply. It’s a pity he was too anxious. However, he’s a scourge as long as he remains alive. As for that sweetheart empress of yours, she’ll be joining you shortly. Anyway, I must thank you for founding a Human Race large force like the Heaven Wasteland Empire. I’ll certainly bring it to greater heights...”

She incessantly used words to provoke Ye Qingyu.

This was an undisguised form of insult.

She deliberately wanted to humiliate him so as to make this man who would never be hers to use feel regretful and upset about everything he had done.

The silver sword light swept across the Void.

Ye Qingyu suddenly stopped evading.

Turning around, he stood on the spot with a dim luster glimmering in his eyes.

“Finally accepting your fate?” Slightly taken aback, the Four Stars holy girl then brandished her sword to exert a fatal strike without hesitation.

Emitting a silver glow which blotted out the sky and covered the land, the power of this strike was hard to describe in words and more terrifying than any of the previous strikes.

Ye Qingyu's figure was instantly inundated by silver light.

Like magma submerging a tiny stone.

Like a hurricane sweeping up a blade of grass.

Like a flood engulfing a trembling mountain deer.

Everything vanished in an instant.

A slightly relieved yet somewhat complicated expression emerged on the Four Stars holy girl’s face as she muttered to herself, “All adversaries of mine have died, and you’re no exception. Soon, Li Xiaofei shall also die into the netherworld… All of this has long been predestined, and so there was no point struggling. You should’ve accepted your destiny early… Hoho, everything is predestined!”

Keeping her sword, she turned around and was about to leave.

However, she suddenly stopped and turned back, when her pupils dilated and she became extremely shocked.

“Impossible… how?”

She saw that, among the gradually dissipating splendor of the [Four Stars Sword] imperial qi in the distance, Ye Qingyu's figure was not destroyed but was slowly becoming vivid instead. As he stood in the Void, myriad stars twinkled brightly behind him, forming a beautiful yet desolate backdrop. A giant brass cauldron suspended over his head, giving out highly mysterious wisps of bright yellow aura, as if a deity had traveled through time and arrived from the age of chaos…

“How aren’t you dead, you...”

Shocked, the Four Stars holy girl retreated subconsciously, sensing danger.

Ye Qingyu slowly stepped out from among the imperial qi sword light with his black hair fluttering like flames and an indifferent expression on his face. The bright yellow divine light of the boundless aura given out by the [Cloud Top Cauldron] proved no inferior to the imperial qi as it withstood and even faintly suppressed the latter.

“You’re not the only one with an Emperor weapon. I’m fairly sure you’ve seen this giant brass cauldron before. It’s a pity you didn’t take much note of it back then… It now looks like we’ve returned to the same level as each other once more. And your sword can’t break my cauldron.” With the [Cloud Top Cauldron] replenishing his energy steadily, Ye Qingyu's doppelganger instantly regained peak state and the earlier injuries and losses were remedied. Drawing near with powerful momentum, he said, “You’re right, everything is predestined. Your clever traps and calculations shall cost you your own life!”

“Impossible, this cauldron… how?” The Four Stars holy girl was well and truly shocked.

She had certainly seen this cauldron before, with her deepest impression of it being from the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, where it had withstood the burning of the [Red Lotus Hellfire]. However, no matter how highly she rated it, she had never associated it with an Emperor weapon, which was extremely rare after all. Many super forces did not have an Emperor weapon to inherit, let alone – or so she thought – did a lower domain person like Ye Qingyu who had only risen abruptly thanks to a fluke opportunity.

But now… this cauldron can actually withstand the [Four Stars Sword]?

It’s really an Emperor weapon!

Ye Qingyu is actually holding an Emperor weapon!

This is bad.

The Four Stars holy girl immediately sensed that huge trouble was imminent.

“Kill… May the ancient ancestors please descend upon this world!” Giving her no chance to think about how to cope, Ye Qingyu immediately unleashed a killing move. The doppelganger worked up the [Cloud Top Cauldron] with unprecedented smoothness. As the bright yellow mist flashed, the stone spear ancestor appeared and instantly hurled forth the spotted stone spear in his hand.

Shouting out loud, the Four Stars holy girl waved the [Four Stars Sword] to parry.

Boom!

Imperial qi circulated and chaos gradually arose.

Despite holding the [Four Stars Sword], she was sent flying several hundred thousand kilometers by the spear. Her body quivered terribly as if it was on the verge of shattering, while horror and incredulity showed unmistakably on her face.

“May the ancestors please descend once more.”

Like a shadow, Ye Qingyu gave her no breathing space as he exerted a huge killing move.

The torch ancestor and the rock ancestor appeared.

A flaming bifang swept through the universe while rocks hurled forth howlingly.

It was at this moment that the panicking Four Stars holy girl felt mortal danger.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1019:


Chapter 1034 – Slay


“[Sword Mystery… Four Stars Sky Sword]!”

With a grave face, the Four Stars holy girl worked up her magical abilities.

As the [Four Stars Sword] in her hand began to vibrate, tadpole formations weaved from countless silver light rays circulated on it. Its power grew ever more terrifying along with the surging of the silver imperial qi, while the outburts of silver mist distorted space and light. A strange figure with an unclear face manifested behind her, as burly and frightening as an ancient martial Emperor. Although it was merely a phantom, it looked as though it had cut time short and traveled through the long course of history until it reached the present.

The Four Stars holy girl brandished her sword.

The ancient Emperor phantom behind her also made a sword brandishing action.

The Void tremored.

A seemingly substantial phantom of the [Four Stars Sword] struck through the air.

Boom!

It collided with the flaming bifang and the ancestral rocks.

A violent power exploded wildly and swept through a circumference of several hundred thousand kilometers.

As a visible chaotic flow surged thunderously, all matter within this area of the Void instantly turned into nothingness, while meteorites disintegrated into fragments. Only Ye Qingyu and the Four Stars holy girl’s figures, under the protection of their respective Emperor weapons, remained standing within.

This battle had nearly reached Quasi-emperor level.

If affected by the aftershock of this kind of power, even a pinnacle Great Saint expert would be instantly turned into nothing but ashes and smoke.

Like a tide, Ye Qingyu's spirit began to wander, covering a circumference of several hundred thousand kilometers such that any aftershock became within his range of control. He was now very far away from the battlefield of the three Quasi-emperors and could no longer see their majestic frames. All he could vaguely feel were the aftershocks of their battle, while there was no other being around him.

“Get ready for a last-ditch struggle.”

As he zipped through the air, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] vibrated with extreme vigor.

His panicky flight from before was actually intended to numb his enemy and lure her to this distant region of space. This was due to his worry that the Four Stars Sect’s Quasi-emperor, or some other expert who had also entered this plane, would intervene and save the Four Stars holy girl when he showed his hand and attacked her. He wanted to ensure that he properly killed her off this time and thereby avert future trouble.

By this time, the Four Stars holy girl had already calmed down completely and seen through Ye Qingyu's plan.

“So this was your true intention. With an Emperor weapon like that in hand, you pretended to be weak and even sacrificed an arm, all to lure me here… What an ingenious plan. Too bad you’ll soon lose all hope. That broken cauldron of yours is no match for the blade radiance of the [Four Stars Sword].” She sounded very confident.

“Try and you shall know.” Ye Qingyu was in a determined mood and his killing intent was sizzling.

He worked up the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and rapidly advanced.

In this plane, the doppelganger was not restrained by the universal laws of the Vast Thousand Domains, and was thereby able to act most naturally. His working up of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was all the more unfettered. The second mural on its walls finally produced a strange change - beneath the bright yellow mist, the patterns gradually became vivid. This was a [General’s Expedition Mural], on which were thousands of black-armored, ghost-faced silent soldiers and a plate-mailed ancient general who was riding on a unicorn while holding a blood dripping battleaxe in hand, as if he had just killed countless fiendgods and the blood evil qi of the army was soaring into the sky!

“After ten years and a hundred battles, the warriors return in triumph… Amid the beating of the battle drums and the playing military songs, may the army please embark on an expedition!” Ye Qingyu shouted.

At the moment that the [General’s Expedition Mural] vividly appeared, a strange piece of information circulated in his mind, enabling him to understand its operating technique immediately. As yuan qi circulated and mist emerged, a bright yellow fog began to pervade, with a sonorous drum sound ringing out from within. This was followed by the sound of uniform footsteps made by burly figures wearing clay-colored armor and copper ghost masks as they gradually walked out of the fog with an irresistible momentum.

Every one of these figures was wreathed by seemingly material blood-colored evil qi such that they looked as though smeared with blood. One could only wonder how many years of expedition they had been on and how many enemies they had killed before they could form such terrifying auras.

The evil qi from this array of golden spears and armored horses swept through the world.

An ancient army had traveled through time and descended upon this world.

Everything which obstructed their way would be crushed.

“Kill!”

What sounded like the maniacal roars of countless people broke out before the array, which was advancing slowly at first, suddenly picked up speed frantically until it turned into khaki- and red-colored evil light and charged unstoppably toward the Four Stars holy girl.

Shouting noises rocked the heavens.

Even a martial Saint would probably be frightened to death by such noises.

“Has an army of ancient times really come back to life?”

Appalled, the Four Stars holy girl held the [Four Stars Sword] with both hands and dared not be careless in the slightest.

This was because she could clearly discern that these were neither phantoms nor effects of some magical skill but were real killing forces instead. The momentum of the hundreds of soldiers was increasing fanatically and perpetually, while along with their picking up of speed, their copper ghost faces seemed to come alive, uttering shrill ghost wailing noises which could frighten even deities and certainly shook the Four Stars holy girl’s mind. Akin to a sound-based mental attack, that it could affect the Four Stars holy girl was rather unexpected.

“Evil spirits… Ancient scourges, disperse!”

Immortal spirit circulated all over the Four Stars holy girl’s body as she brandished the longsword, giving out a silver glow and diffusing imperial qi boomingly.

A surging power comparable to the casual exertion of a Quasi-emperor sought to drown the ancient army.

However, the horror of the ancient army was beyond imagination. It instantly took evasive measures, splitting into two down the middle with uniform movements and thereby evading the strike before joining back up. In this way, it displayed near unbelievable battle technique and attainment, proving itself to be the most frightening army of all time.

Thereafter, hundreds of ghost-faced soldiers rapidly surrounded the Four Stars holy girl.

“Attack!”

Shouts were heard.

Each holding a battle spear behind their backs, these warriors gradually built up strength before hurling the battle spears forth uniformly.

Yellow flowing light cut through the air.

“Get them away from me!”

The Four Stars holy girl revealed a look of startlement and anger while the imperial qi of the [Four Stars Sword] circulated and suffused.

Behind her, the emperor figure became even more vivid, emitting an Immortal qi to blast these battle spears off.

However…

Swish swish swish!

The brownish-yellow battle spears tore cracks in and pierced their way through the protective silver glow.

Even the aura of the [Four Stars Sword] proved unable to withstand these battle spears.

An enormous murderous spirit nearly pulverized the Four Stars holy girl in an instant.

“How’s this possible?” she cried out in alarm. Given the current circumstances, the only thing she could do was to perform the supreme sword technique using the [Four Stars Sword]. A winter sword will circulated, giving off ten thousand beams of sword radiance which used the most primitive method to send the incoming black battle spears flying backward.

Huge collision waves diffused.

The Four Stars holy girl’s arm was nearly shattered. Power was not her specialty after all.

“Attack!”

The army continued its onslaught.

Like precise robots, several hundred soldiers operated as one, charging forth unbridledly and inundating the Four Stars holy girl.

Boom boom boom!

The terrifying battle went on insanely.

The Four Stars holy girl found herself in a fix. These black-armored, ghost-faced ancient warriors were immense in strength and could completely withstand her head-on strikes. Moreover, they combined flawlessly with one another to form an ancient array which was brimming with murderous spirit. Although they numbered only in the hundreds, the incessant pressure they exerted on the Four Stars holy girl was equivalent to that of thousands, thereby exhausting her. Despite frantically working up the ancient emperor phantom, she remained incapable of completely tearing this evil-qi-spouting array apart.

Ye Qingyu could only feel that the yuan qi all over his body was continually being absorbed into the giant cauldron.

Maintaining such an array certainly required enormous amounts of energy.

“I have to end this battle quick.”

Resolving to kill the Four Stars holy girl, he held nothing back as he once again worked up the [Cloud Top Cauldron] at all costs.

“As wind blows against the grass in the dark forest, the general draws his bow… May the general please draw his bow!”

Following his angry roar, a qi stream surged among the bright yellow fog. A pair of blood-red firefly glows flickered as a unicorn wearing broken and rusty armor gradually walked out, those blood red firefly glows were actually its eyes. On its back was a burly general with an obscure figure which was shaped like an iron tower. Terrifying demonic qi wreathed around him, giving the impression that he was a Quasi-emperor from the furthest back in time. Even the armor he was wearing seemed to have been brought out from a grave.

This was the ancient martial general from the [General’s Expedition Mural].

He, too, had regained life.

As he stepped out from the chaotic yellow fog with flames circulating in his eyes, he took a carved iron bow which was flecked with rust marks off his back and drew it. A vortex of chaotic power circulated and solidified into a bright yellow arrow, also flecked with rust marks, and which gave off a blood-colored splendor. With the arrowhead pointing toward the Four Stars holy girl in the distance, he drew the bow fully and suddenly released.

During this instant, the Four Stars holy girl felt grave danger.

Before she could react, however, a beam from a bright-red arrow light had already perforated through her body and ruptured her heart.

Terrifying power sent her flying several hundred thousand kilometers off.

Buzz!

It was only at this time that noises of a bowstring quivering was heard, sounding like the groaning and howling of dragons and demons.

The Four Stars holy girl found it difficult to maintain balance as she flew backward while spurting blood from her mouth. Having been directly perforated by an all-destructive arrow, terrifying power burst out within her body, which broke into two with its vital points rupturing into paste and its bones spattering. Her doppelganger had shattered!

Meanwhile, the figures of the unicorn and the ancient general also crumbled and dissipated.

Ye Qingyu's power was still insufficient to maintain the [General Draws Bow] state for too long. Moreover, because too much energy had been expended on the arrow, the black-armored, ghost-faced army in the distance also crumbled, eventually turning into bright yellow fog which dissipated among the Void!

“Huff…”

Ye Qingyu gasped heavily.

The Four Stars holy girl should be dead. The arrow from the ancient general was simply too terrifying.

However, this attack had all but depleted his yuan qi, causing him to enter a state of extreme weakness for a moment.

While continuing to gasp, he kept the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and was about to go up and confirm that the Four Stars holy girl was completely dead.

However, a strange change happened just then…

Carrying a world destroying, thunder-like power, a giant iron cone fell from the sky and struck him off guard. Amid explosive blares, his body was shattered. Green thunderbolts lingered around the fragments of his body as if they wanted to completely annihilate him.

A graceful figure walked out from the Void, holding an iron cone in the left hand and a huge hammer in the right hand.

“Everything has ended,” she smiled plainly. With the two greatest rivals on her Emperor path now dead, there was no longer anyone among the younger generation who was her match, and she could thus take up all of the resources and cultivation of the entire [Camp] for herself.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1020:


Chapter 1035 - Who Can’t Be Replaced?



This graceful figure was fatally beautiful and extremely enchanting. Her looks had no equal in this world.

Faint and coarse imperial qi wreathed her entire body.

In particular, the imperial qi on the cone and hammer pair in her hands formed a terrifying mist. This was clearly a precious treasure and was at least a fake Emperor weapon. It was certainly not much inferior to the [Four Stars Sword], otherwise it could not have surprise killed and shattered Ye Qingyu's doppelganger so destructively.

Fresh blood flowed in the dark Void.

The fragments of Ye Qingyu's doppelganger were continually zapped by the green thunderbolts, disintegrating amid the unbroken series of booming and bursting noises. Foundation foprmations circulated on the broken limbs of the doppelganger as they tried to form back up. However, the destruction brought about by the green thunderbolts made it difficult to put the body back together completely for some time. If these limbs were thoroughly burned by the green thunderbolts, Ye Qingyu could be considered completely dead…

“You?!”

Agitated in spirit, Ye Qingyu's voice rang out, a mix of surprise and anger.

The woman holding the lightning cone and hammer was none other than Jiang Xiaohan, the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] who had previously been defeated by Ye Qingyu.

To think that she also possesses a fake Emperor weapon!

How’s this possible?

“Don’t blame me, elder brother Ye Qingyu. You’re destined to meet your end today. Rather than dying at the hands of an outsider, why not allow younger sister Jiang Xiaohan to send you on your way?” Her words were soft and tender, yet icy and vicious like no other at the same time.

She gently knocked the lightning cone and hammer together.

Baboomboom!

Thunderous noises were heard.

A green sea of lightning surged forth again. Dancing thunderbolts inundated the broken limbs of Ye Qingyu's doppelganger, intending to burn and kill Ye Qingyu off completely.

“You must be dreaming if you think it’s so easy to kill me.” The latter roared as a brass bell appeared in the Void and blocked off the green sea of lightning to protect Ye Qingyu's most important limbs. Amid a circulating splendor, Ye Qingyu's doppelganger was recreated.

Unfortunately, it was much smaller than previously, not even half of its former size.

This was because a huge portion of the doppelganger’s fragments had been annihilated by the green lightning, causing Ye Qingyu to lose a great deal of strength.

“Why struggle so hard?” A sympathetic expression appeared on Jiang Xiaohan’s utmost beautiful and enchanting face as she sighed and shook her head in pity. “If even [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] is certain to die, then you have absolutely no chance to survive. Why not go on your way early and save the pain? Elder brother Ye Qingyu, you shouldn’t have come here in the first place. It’s unfortunate that the five passes couldn’t stop you. I shall now have to take action personally. If you fall into the hands of those Quasi-emperors, life and death won’t be up to you. You’ll suffer all kinds of torture and will even be remade into a puppet. Is it worth it?”

“Evil has never prevailed over good, you shouldn’t be too smug.” Managing to survive, Ye Qingyu restrained the anger he felt from being surprise attacked and kept as calm as he possibly could.

In truth, the situation today was the most perilous he had ever been through.

Any kind of anger would cause him to lose his sense of reason and thereby become passive rather than proactive.

He realized from Jiang Xiaohan’s appearance that the situation was not as simple as it seemed. It was yet unclear who was the cicada, the mantis, and the oriole as part of the famous saying that “while a mantis is pursuing a cicada, an oriole is sneaking up on it.” Perhaps, there remained some terrifying being hiding in the dark.

With utmost caution, Ye Qingyu operated the mysterious one hundred eight ancient characters. The [Cloud Top Cauldron] began to spin, protecting the doppelganger. He then took out the Dragon Seizing wooden bucket and drank mouthfuls of the chaotic thunder liquid to replenish his energy until he reached his tolerance limit. Subsequently, he popped several dozen [Deathlike Pills], which side effects were negligible to the doppelganger and would not cause it to stiffen and feign death while serving to replenish its yuan qi at the fastest speed possible. Even so, however, the doppelganger was not able to attain optimum state within a short amount of time.

“Evil doesn’t prevail over good? That’s a joke for deceiving people with. Only strength is eternal.” Jiang Xiaohan struck the hammer against the cone, causing mysterious green lightning to bombard the [Cloud Top Cauldron] incessantly until Ye Qingyu was sent flying several hundred thousand kilometers back.

The power of this cone and hammer pair was utterly terrifying.

It contained imperial qi and was able to discharge greater power than the [Four Stars Sword].

The ancient Emperor formations within it were more complete and less deformed than those of the [Four Stars Sword], and thus could be said to be of higher quality.

Ye Qingyu only had the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to protect himself with as he continually absorbed the power of the chaotic thunder liquid and the [Deathlike Pills] in order to attempt recovering. Given the current state of the doppelganger, it was unable to work up the [General’s Expedition Mural] another time, which meant that defeating Jiang Xiaohan was impossible. If its energy continued to be expended, defeat and death would be the only outcome.

“Elder brother Ye Qingyu, I’m sure you’re very curious as to how my physical strength was able to increase by so much until I was just about able to fight against you during the battle in the Wei River Mountain Range, no?” Without pausing her attacks, Jiang Xiaohan spoke in a tender tone as if she was explaining a misunderstanding to a most intimate lover. “ It was because I used the lightning hammer and cone to strike my own body day after day, night after night, without a moment’s pause. This is the most primitive way of developing physical strength using the power of lightning… Elder brother Ye Qingyu, I’ve endured the most frightening and cruel torture in this world… and do you know why?”

Ye Qingyu remained silent.

Operating the nameless breathing technique, he was fighting against time to heal the doppelganger.

However, the bombardment of the green lightning caused the power deficient [Cloud Top Cauldron] to gradually lose resistance. The bright yellow light strips faded, while it could be vaguely seen that green lightning power passed through the protective light screen of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to strike Ye Qingyu's doppelganger and drain his energy, thereby slowing down his recovery process to a crawl.

“Hoho, I endured the world’s most frightening pain so as to defeat you at what you’re best at and thus prove myself to you, my dear elder brother Ye Qingyu… Hoho, you may go in peace already. I’ll avenge you when I become Emperor and send everyone who turned up here today to accompany you in the netherworld. The Four Stars Sect will also become history.”

Jiang Xiaohan’s mental state was somewhat crazy.

The obsession in her heart bordered on insanity and was only a step different from being possessed by evil spirits. It was a miracle that she remained able to maintain her power in this state.

Strange dull black light rays circulated among her facial features.

Though as fine as strands of hair, they were, like black holes, capable of devouring everything, highly peculiar indeed. It could be clearly discerned that they were not formed from the imperial qi of the lightning cone and hammer but from Jiang Xiaohan’s own foundation or an incomparably rare bloodline power instead. Despite looking like they could not be any weaker, they were actually capable of directing the power of the lightning cone and hammer. This was certainly most strange.

A voice suddenly rang out once more.

“You think you alone can destroy and replace the Four Stars Sect?”

A disheveled, bloodied-faced Four Stars holy girl appeared. As she spoke, she clutched the [Four Stars Sword] and stared fixedly at Jiang Xiaohan with flames of fury burning in her eyes.

The clothes on her dreadfully wounded body had been reduced to hanging strands of thread such that they barely covered her body and left her nearly naked.

A portion of her skin sparkled with a divine brilliance, while another portion was as ulcerated and darkened as rotten meat. In particular, her chest area had been completely mutilated, with a most ghastly sight of a bloodied hole which allowed light through the front and out the back of her body. This was the injury caused by the arrow of the ancient general from the [General’s Expedition Mural]. A khaki-colored corrosive force was incessantly draining the holy girl’s vitality.

“You actually aren’t dead.” Jiang Xiaohan was somewhat surprised.

The Four Stars holy girl gazed at her callously, saying, “Dead? Hoho, I’ll never die… Hoho, you’re nothing more than a loose servant girl who exchanged your body for the power you have today. How dare you betray me and think about killing me indirectly, and on top of that, seek to replace me when I’m dead… Who would’ve thought that a whore like you could have such fanciful ideas? This is too funny. You’ll forever remain a cheap servant girl as long as I’m alive!”

The Four Stars holy girl had apparently heard the latter’s words earlier.

Her defeat at Ye Qingyu's hands and the heavy injuries on her doppelganger had caused her lofty, unfeeling, and calm self to become rather discomposed and mad.

The one thing that more so enraged her was betrayal.

This was because the battle earlier had been planned in advance.

The two of them had been ordered to work together, with one showing herself and the other hiding in the dark, to annihilate all hindrances in the Void, and this naturally included Ye Qingyu. Unexpectedly, however, Jiang Xiaohan held back at the critical moment. Instead of taking action and obstructing Ye Qingyu, she allowed him to successfully unleash a fatal strike which nearly killed the Four Stars holy girl. This was clearly a case of indirect killing, hoping that the Four Stars holy girl died.

Recalling that this woman had all along fawned upon and deferred to her, the Four Stars holy girl could not put up with the thought that she had been deceived by this whore.

This is absolutely unforgivable!

Upon hearing what she said, Jiang Xiaohan’s beautiful eyes became covered by a terrifying layer of frost.

The Four Stars holy girl’s words had pricked the most sensitive nerve in the depths of Jiang Xiaohan’s heart.

Moreover, they were spoken in front of Ye Qingyu.

“If that’s the case, I shall cause you to die.” She laughed out loud. “Actually, on careful consideration, killing you with my own hands would be pretty neat.” Waving the lightning cone and hammer, she gave up on Ye Qingyu and instead, amid thunderous noises, unleashed a huge green lightning blade toward the Four Stars holy girl mercilessly.

“Whore, you’re seeking your own death by provoking someone who’s superior.” The Four Stars holy girl gnashed her teeth hatefully as she brandished the [Four Stars Sword].

In her state of surprise and anger, she bit the tip of her tongue and spurted unsparing mouthfuls of blood and essence onto the sword. The ancient figure phantom reappeared behind her and became even more vivid. Its giant figure bent down abruptly and used both hands to grab hold of the green lightning blade before tearing it apart.

“You’re the one seeking death.” Jiang Xiaohan guffawed.

Taking merciless action, she drowned the Four Stars holy girl in boundless green lightning power.

“You… how dare you...” The latter’s pupils constricted. “You’re doomed. The rules of the [Camp] are as fixed as a mountain, and any transgressor shall suffer punishment worse than death. His Highness surely knows about today’s events given his extraordinary powers, so don’t even think about hiding the truth. You shall soon experience the brutal torture of the [Camp] and regret coming to this world.”

“Aren’t you said to be someone who calculates everything? How did you become so dumb? If His Highness’ powers are so great, why didn’t he know that I want to kill and replace you? Haha, and why hasn’t he stopped me or warned you?” Jiang Xiaohan laughed sneeringly.

The Four Stars holy girl suddenly choked.

Jiang Xiaohan became even more vicious than before, “You have become used to your lofty ways and lost the necessary vigilance. Do you really believe that the [Four Stars Preordained One] cannot be replaced?”

“What are you saying?” Astonished, the Four Stars holy girl’s expression became somber as if she had thought something through. She then laughed grimly and said, “I was nearly deceived by your clever words. The [Four Stars Preordained One] is one-of-a-kind and extremely rare throughout history, and certainly cannot be replaced. Only I can fulfill His Highness’ plan...”

Jiang Xiaohan cut her short and laughed grimly, “As they say, one doesn’t start crying until one has been completely defeated. Don’t you understand that you have no chance of winning in your current state…? Do you really think that the [Camp] will punish me after I’ve killed you? Haha, you’re so naive. Who would offend another talent for the sake of a dead person? The Four Stars Sect is nothing more than a dog among the [Camp]. How audacious of you to try and take control of everything, like a guest trying to supplant the host. What an idiot you are!”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

