Chapter 701:


Chapter 719 - Enemy Tracks Reappear

Fortunately, he was not disturbed while using his qi to heal this time.

But his strength still had not yet completely recovered when he walked out of the cave that was situated in a mountain wall.

Although the [Supreme Ice Flame] was nearly unsurpassed in dispelling unwanted forces, there were not just such forces in Ye Qingyu's body, but also law injuries caused by the law attacks of the Immortal Step Realm experts. These injuries needed several days to be completely healed. Unfortunately, he did not have that much time.

With a face that was somewhat pale, he continued advancing toward the depths of the Black Demon Pool.

Descending the spiraling steps and overlooking the entire abyss, he would have enthused over the marvels of this underground world if he did not know that it was built by a martial emperor.

He paused his footsteps when he was still approximately an incense stick's worth of time away from the 14th zone.

Clenching his hand in the void behind his back, an ice longsword appeared.

"Come out!" Ye Qingyu shouted coldly.

Trouble arrived once more.

An extremely obscure murderous spirit pervaded the road ahead. Silver ripples formed in the air, while even stronger enemies than before hid in the dark, and there were more than just one...

In a chaotic and slaughterous world like this, Ye Qingyu did not entertain the idea of retreating at all.

He was very clear that the only way was to fight his way out.

Holding his sword, moving forward.

Anyone who dared to obstruct him would be slashed into two.

Sword light suffused, and a chill rose and fell.

A bloodbath took place once more.

...

Two hours later.

In the 14th zone of the Black Demon Pool.

Ye Qingyu slowly walked on the main street, his hooded top and robes covered with bloodstains and sword marks, and his aura somewhat feeble.

His aura was a lot weaker than before, his hair was dyed in blood, and his white robes had turned dark red. A pale green scar on his cheek made it seem like he had been scratched by a sharp claw. A thick layer of cloth wrapped around his waist, while on his left leg was a hole perforated by a spear, revealing his thick white bones and the surging of the strange power of laws within.

However, Ye Qingyu seemed to be in great spirits.

As if he could not feel the pain, he walked on unhurriedly, using a random red spear with a broken head as a walking stick in his left hand.

The experts and peddlers who passed by seemed to be accustomed to seeing a person getting injured in the Black Demon Pool, and thus they paid scant attention as he walked past.

But when some people noticed the headless red coiled-dragon spear in his hand, they revealed shocked expressions on their faces and began to regard him with awe and amazement.

This was because the spear's owner was notorious for his crafty and sinister ways in the Black Demon Pool. He possessed great strength, and was an important figure in the [Bloodthorn Hall]. He had assassinated countless experts who were stronger than him, and could be considered a fearsome person who did not fear death. But now...

His spear had broken and fallen into this young man's hands. He was, without question, dead.

Could he have tried but failed to kill this young man, and was counter-killed instead?

This young man looks haggard but blood qi is plentiful all over his body, and he oozes murderous spirit which is near-substantial. He doesn't seem to be from the Black Demon Pool. Just where could he be from?

A bout of whispered discussions took place.

Everywhere he went, the other beings would move out of the way as fast as they could.

As he became aware of what was going on, the corners of his lips arched upward.

After traversing the main street, he turned into a forked road without ever pausing his footsteps, seeming as if he had an objective. He proceeded toward a gambling house, which had walls that were made of black rocks and a roof which consisted of formation demon qi, on the north street.

According to the information he received in the administration hall, the 14th-placed felony on the Alliance of Domains' top wanted list, Ge Ming, was very likely to be hiding in this gambling house.

This was an oddball who had gambled incessantly for several hundred years, a renowned gambler in the Alliance.

Rumor had it that he had a quirk of offering him as a stake.

Anyone who won against him would be able to ask him for a favor, which he had always been able to fulfill, whether it be killing someone else or them.

After losing a bet two hundred years ago, he was asked to massacre the entire ruling race of an independent lower domain. It was after he completed the deed that he, most reasonably, got on the Alliance's wanted list.

But ever since then, there had been zero traces of him in the myriad domains.

However, several experts from other races had spotted him in the Black Demon Pool.

In other words, Ge Ming was very likely to be hiding among the various gambling houses in the depths of the Black Demon Pool at present.

The place Ye Qingyu was heading to was the [Easy Wins Joint] on the North street, hailed as the most famous and unique gambling house throughout the eighteen zones. While ordinary gambling houses used gold and silver as stakes, [Easy Wins Joint] was completely different. Here, gold was worth as much as muck, and instead, weapon formations medicinal pills, divine herbs, books of martial secrets, etc. were exchanged according to their value.

It could be said that the people who came here to gamble mostly did so to exchange cultivation items which were mutually needed but were extremely hard to find.

Ye Qingyu had chosen Ge Ming as his target for simple reasons. First, his whereabouts were relatively certain and happened to be in the Black Demon Pool. Second, according to the Alliance's information, his strength was at the fourth stage of the Immortal Step, which meant that he was the weakest felon among those who could be hiding in the Black Demon Pool... And of course, the final reason was that Ge Ming had massacred an entire race of a lower domain. To someone like Ye Qingyu who was also from a lower domain, this was the type of person he abhorred the most.

In the blink of an eye, the [Easy Wins Joint] came into sight.

However, Ye Qingyu suddenly stopped several hundred meters away from the [Easy Wins Joint]. As his pupils flashed, he detected that an extremely strong and complex smell of blood was coming from this gambling house.

The smell of blood was not only way too strong but also contained battle aura.

Experts had died.

Died in the [Easy Wins Joint].

And it was not just one or two of them, or a single race of beings.

"What's going on? Could it be that someone has discovered Ge Ming's tracks and acted before me?"

Ye Qingyu's heart budged a little.

The felons on the wanted list were legally allowed to be killed, and so this sort of thing was very likely to happen.

He quickened his footsteps as he headed toward the gambling house.

In the air above the gambling house.

An extremely terrifying and potent residual yuan qi power and surging blood qi crept over the air.

As he drew nearer, he saw that the formation lamps on both sides of the dark-colored porch had all been put out, and the smell of blood that dispersed in the air formed an extremely gruesome and terrifying power which continually twined. It was like several venom-spitting red-scaled pythons, that twirled around the gambling house such that its interior was completely devoid of vitality.

On the surrounding streets stood several experts of various races who had taken notice of the strange occurrence and came forth to observe. However, they were unable to immediately break the evil blood qi and enter the gambling house.

Without batting an eyelid, Ye Qingyu disjoined a wisp of divine sense and sent it into the gambling house.

He discovered that the interior was in complete disarray. Lying in pools of undried blood were hundreds of corpses. Everyone had been killed, whether they be demons, humans, or other races, and even the waiters and singing girls had not been spared.

The hundreds of experts from various races in the gambling house were all dead!

And, judging from the situation, it was a completely one-sided and swift affair initiated by a small group.

Ye Qingyu gulped a mouthful of cold air.

The various experts in the 14th zone were certainly no slouches, and those who dared to gamble in the [Easy Wins Joint] were all the more the important figures of some locality. Yet, they were slaughtered like dogs and pigs in this place, which had existed for hundreds of years and could be considered a prominent local landmark. It had seemed unlikely to be uprooted overnight...

What kind of expert was capable of doing this?

What exactly happened?

Could it have something to do with Ge Ming?

Ye Qingyu was shocked and completely clueless for a while.

In the meantime, more and more experts gathered in front of the gambling house, and the discussions grew even louder.

"What's going on? The [Easy Wins Joint] was destroyed lock, stock, and barrel?" a Black Demon expert, who was wearing a huge black robe that tightly covered his four limbs and face, asked in a soft voice.

"I don't know, I just arrived too. But I heard those five-footed scorpion demons saying everyone inside is dead," a Demon Race fox expert, which indistinctly revealed a grayish-white long tail behind its back, immediately replied softly.

"According to three mad-voice Demon Race experts who left the gambling house two hours ago, two unexpected visitors showed up today," an expert whose body seemed to be made of streams of clear water suddenly said. "One of them is a rising talent of the Divine Sky Sect..."

The crowd of experts was stunned.

The Divine Sky Sect?

It was certainly not to gamble that someone from a top-level large sect of a higher domain like this would come to the Black Demon Pool and enter the [Easy Wins Joint].

Ye Qingyu, who had been listening carefully to the discussions, trembled slightly too.

Divine Sky Sect. These three words had been engraved in his mind ever since that time with the Desert Brute Race.

Ao Tianzun, who had shades of a demonlike existence, was called one of the four small saints of the Divine Sky Sect. A doppelganger monster of his had fought impressively against Ye Qingyu in the underground palace. The latter certainly did not expect to run into the sect once more here.

What are they here for?

We became enemies when Ao Tianzun directed Jiang Xiaohan to sabotage the Heaven Wasteland Domain. Could they have come for me?

He could not help but become more cautious and vigilant.

In the meantime, several more experts whose faces could not be made out joined the crowd.

"Heh heh, aside from the rising talent of the Divine Sky Sect, heh heh, the other visitor is someone you all have heard of. Yang Wanqu, a successor of the Black Moon Divine Palace," said an expert whose shoulders burned with two clusters of green hellghost fire.

"It's him?!"

To one side, several experts of different races exclaimed in unison.

Ye Qingyu was unfamiliar with this person.

However, he had heard of the Black Moon Divine Palace.

The inspection special envoy who, while dispatching orders to the Heaven Wasteland Domain, had attempted to take advantage of and severely injured the First Princess, and even wickedly left a dark force in her body was someone from the Black Moon Divine Palace. Ye Qingyu had deliberately sought out this information when receiving the domain rating special envoys.

To the Heaven Wasteland Domain and Ye Qingyu at present, neither the Divine Sky Sect nor the Black Moon Divine Palace were a friendly camp.

The idea that these two sects were working together gave Ye Qingyu a few more conjectures in his mind.

As he was about to turn and leave after listening for a while longer to the discussions, a conversation among several Black Demon experts to one side suddenly caught his attention.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 702:


Chapter 720 - Demon Tide Bursting Out

"The spewing of demon qi has been abnormal recently. Something strange must have happened in the abyss."

"Don't you know? I heard it's because the demon tide is about to burst out."

"What? That can't be! If my calculations based on our race's records are accurate, the demon tide shouldn't be bursting out this year."

As the aboriginals of the Black Demon Pool and the descendants of the Black Demon Emperor, the Black Demon Race enjoyed special status, such that most experts of other races would absolutely not want to provoke them. Furthermore, the ability of these discussers to appear in this zone in itself illustrated that they were very strong.

After hearing their conversation, Ye Qingyu's heart twitched a little.

The demon tide is bursting out?

He had read about it in the materials provided by the Immortal God Emperor Sect. The bursting out of the demon tide was a huge event that, when it happened, would send shockwaves in all directions throughout not only the Black Demon Pool but also the entire Chaotic Ruins Domain. And these Black Demon experts had suddenly begun to discuss a possibility of it happening in the next couple of days.

For tens of thousands of years, rumor had it that the very depths of the Black Demon Pool contained infinite secrets, including the Black Demon Emperor's legacy. Unfortunately, nobody had truly been able to reach these depths. There was also a suggestion that these depths constantly produced heavenly treasures that built up into mountainous heaps day after day, month after month over many years, and once an unusually strong demon tide burst out, these treasures would spew up together with it.

Therefore, the bursting out of the demon tide meant that a huge opportunity might be appearing in the Black Demon Pool.

These treasures were naturally created from the universal power of laws and thus were
no one's possession.

Ye Qingyu had also seen records regarding the demon tide treasures in the administration hall.

There was a section which said that, two thousand years ago, there lived a middle domain ordinary expert whose strength stagnated at the pinnacle of the Immortal Step realm and could not make a breakthrough for several hundred years subsequently. However, because of a fortunate opportunity one day, he snagged a weapon which was comparable to an Emperor weapon during the bursting out of a large demon tide, and by depending on it, he not only sat firmly on the throne of the domain ruler but raised the strength of the entire domain to the level of a higher domain.

And this was but one of many similar stories.

Therefore, for several thousand years, many experts and forces from mature domains would pour into the Black Demon Pool whenever there were signs of a demon tide bursting out. Over this grand event, they would tussle maniacally and cause endless bloodbaths.

To one side.

The whispered discussions were still going on.

"No wonder there've been many auras of unfamiliar experts in the Black Demon Pool recently. They must be here to snatch the supreme treasures of the demon tide... It's rather odd that the demon tide this time won't follow the regular patterns and will be bursting out ahead of time. Could this news be fake?" A Black Demon expert who was shrouded in gray mist remained skeptical.

"It shouldn't be. News from our race has said that there seems to have been some unforeseen occurrence which has brought the bursting out ten years forward."

Another Black Demon expert seemed as if he suddenly thought of something, and said, "No wonder, according to news from other zones, there've arrived many new faces from other zones recently, and they've caused a few troubles... By the way, I heard that a lower domain envoy mission which is taking their domain rating came in as well."

"I've heard about this too, but it appears that most of them turned back after reaching the third zone, and it's unclear what's going on right now."

"They probably realized they weren't up to par and thus retreated."

"That makes sense, domain rating is becoming more and more difficult these days."

A while later.

Turning his body and leaving, Ye Qingyu headed toward the exit of the 14th zone.

On the way to the 15th zone, he ran into the surprise attacks of several assassination attempts and impromptu designs of passing-by experts,

Although he eventually succeeded in killing most of the assassins, his injuries became more and more severe. The new cut marks and bloodstains on his hooded top made him look terribly haggard, while his breathing became irregular and his inner yuan seemed to have deteriorated badly, such that he could no longer engage in protracted fights.

His overall condition looked very poor, as if he would collapse upon the very next breath. Nevertheless, he was able to persevere, and thus advanced unhurriedly while leaning on the long spear.

During the clashes with the assailants this time, he had used his thunderous methods to catch hold of and interrogate a few of them, and thereby found out the reason he was being targeted by everyone.

It turned out that a mysterious force had written his name on the bounty list in the Black Demon Pool's administration hall, offering a bounty of fifty kilograms of top-grade origin crystals.

He began to recall the information regarding the Black Demon Pool Bounty List he had seen in the administration hall.

This was an extremely special list in the Black Demon Pool.

Anyone could offer a bounty and publish the target's name on the list. The higher the bounty, the higher the ranking given to the name.

Subsequently, regardless of the target's race and strength, they would be perceived and tagged by the Black Demon qi in the abyss once they appeared in the Black Demon Pool.

Within the eighteen zones, anyone who possessed a bounty edict would, at any time, be able to check the identity of and bounty offered for each target. Most importantly, they could find out the approximate location of the target by making use of the list's perception of the tags.

This was why Ye Qingyu could not avoid the surprise attacks of various forces and experts despite changing his route several times to cover his tracks.

Fortunately, he had memorized the general terrain of the first sixteen zones while in the administration hall.

Based on the routes shown on the map in his memory, he steered clear of the main street and instead walked through some extremely obscure and deserted alleys.

Along the way, he condensed all of the information he had obtained thus far and continually organized his thoughts. After gaining a clear understanding of his present circumstances, he had a broad idea of why he became targeted by everyone.

There was a high chance that Huang Tayun had something to do with the matter of the bounty list.

This was Ye Qingyu's first time in the Black Demon Pool and he had not made any new enemies. Therefore, it could only be that supervisor who would offer such a huge bounty for him.

Because of the Storm List, Huang Tayun was doubtful of his own true strength, and hence had not personally appeared.

He intended to make use of other forces to deplete Ye Qingyu's yuan qi first, while conveniently probing the latter's hidden techniques and strength so that he would know how to cope.

The only thing which was shocking to Ye Qingyu was that Huang Tayun was willing to offer such a high price for him.

Could it be simply because of that useless nephew of his?

Shouldn't be.

This matter is a little complicated.

After half of an incense stick burned off.

Ye Qingyu walked toward the 15th zone while continually operating the nameless breathing technique to correct his breathing.

The closer he got to where the Black Demon qi was surging, the slower the injuries on his body healed.

An extremely terrifying and overbearing power seemed to be contained within the strange demon qi. It not only inhibited one's exertion of strength but rendered an injured person unable to recover immediately.

It was at this moment that he truly felt that he had encountered his first huge danger since entering the Chaotic Ruins Domain.

The Black Demon qi-shrouded road ahead was filled with signs of danger.

However, he could not stop walking.

The outcome of the domain rating and the destiny of the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain were in his hands.

The reason why he pressed on toward the 15th zone was that he had found out some things about Ge Ming from the killers that died at his hands and several other sources.

He had found out the real reason for the killings in the [Easy Wins Joint] from some rumors. The promising talent of the Divine Sky Sect was crushed in a betting game against Ge Ming but could not take the losshus, in a fit of anger, the former destroyed the entire gambling house and began a bloodbath.

However, it was believed that Ge Ming did not die amid the massacre and managed to escape.

Whether or not these rumors were true, Ye Qingyu did not have any other clues and thus had no choice but to search the 15th zone... Furthermore, if he was unable to fulfill the test requirement of killing the wanted criminals, he would have to proceed to the 16th zone to try his luck and see if he could pick the Black Demon Herb.

In any case, he had to pass through the 15th zone.

Roughly two hours passed.

It was only now that he slowly reached near the entrance of the 15th zone.

However, before he entered the zone, he once again perceived an incomparably strong smell of blood!

It was as if Asura's Sea of Blood was ahead.

Ye Qingyu's countenance turned cold.

What's going on?

As he operated his yuan qi, his vision instantly penetrated the intense Black Demon qi and looked toward the entrance.

In the distance, he saw hundreds of corpses of experts from different races and with different physiques. These corpses laid at sixes and sevens on a plaza to the left of the entrance, turning the plaza into a sea of corpses and blood.

The air above the plaza was shrouded in extremely powerful residual yuan qi and evil blood qi, making the whole scene look like the extremely terrifying Asura's purgatory.

The blood had yet to dry up.

Yet another massacre.

These experts had apparently not been dead for long, and their death states were extremely wretched, as if they had been tortured to death. Broken limbs were scattered everywhere, and there was not a single intact body.

Could it be the Divine Sky Sect's and the Black Moon Divine Palace's doing again?

Frowning, Ye Qingyu trotted toward the plaza.

On the plaza.

"Heh heh, I never thought that lass could be so vicious, and start a massacre simply because of one disagreeable sentence..." a cluster of green-black mist which was onlooking from beside the corpses whispered.

Beside it, a one-horned rhino demon snorted and said, "That person from the [Poison Flower Cave] is to blame. Before he verbally flirted with that lass, he should've heard that she's the holy girl in the sanctum of the higher domain called the Four Stars Domain."

"No wonder she's strong enough to sunder the bodies of everyone in the [Poison Flower Cave] in no time at all. I heard that some of them perished even before they could act," a Demon Race expert, who was shrouded in a gray mist but revealed two webbed feet, said while sighing.

"It's still a little incredible how she killed the [Poison Flower Cave] so quickly. I heard that she's traveling together with the Third Prince of the Mizar Race of the Mizar Domain, another higher domain. He's also a renowned genius talent in the myriad domains." Several clusters of black mist, whose demon qi was somewhat similar to that of the Black Demon Pool, joined the onlooking crowd.

"It looks like the newborn dragons of various domains are all coming to the Black Demon Pool..."

"What's more, I heard from the Golden Owl Demon Race two days ago that they have spotted the old monsters of several demonic races and even the Human Race entering the depths of the Black Demon Pool one after another."

The onlookers were each an expert whose tracks were covered, and a powerful aura surged throughout their bodies. However, they appeared extremely frightened upon the mention of the Four Stars holy girl and the Mizar Third Prince.

Golden Owl Demon Race?

Ye Qingyu recalled in detail the introduction he saw in the administration hall.

This was a Demon Race that was extremely skilled at investigating and finding trails. Derived from the owls and the Demon Race, nothing that happened in the places where they lived could escape their eyes .

The news of old monsters entering the Black Demon Pool was basically true if it came from them.

"I even heard an elder of the Golden Owl Demon Race say that a princess of the Black Demon Race has turned up. She's also in a rush to get to the depths of the Black Demon Pool to participate in the seizure of treasures after the imminent bursting out of the demon tide."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 703:


Chapter 721 - Strange Happenings and a Little Girl

"What? Even the lil' princess of the Black Demon Race has been alerted?"

"It can't be, right?"

"That lil' princess should be able to obtain anything in the Black Demon Pool she wants. I've heard the legends about her, that she's the most favored and youngest daughter of the former Black Demon leader and that her body flows with the blood of the former Black Demon Emperor. She's certainly a rare prodigy in the Alliance of Domains."

"Exactly. The entire Black Demon Race serves this precious girl as if she's the future empress, such that there's no treasure she cannot obtain. Why would she be interested in the demon tide this time?"

"Perhaps she just wants a bit of fun. Who can tell what a prodigy like her is thinking?"

The news concerning the little princess of the Black Demon Race immediately created a tremendous stir among the crowd.

These people were all extremely powerful experts, yet they could not help feeling somewhat sorry and fearful when the little princess of the Black Demon Race was mentioned.

Ye Qingyu, too, could not help but twitch a little when he heard this news.

He had also heard a few stories about the young princess. The pride of her race, she wielded great influence and possessed unmatched talent. She had cultivated the [Black Demon Wave Watching Sutra] left behind by the Black Demon Emperor to an extremely deep stage, and was considered by the entire race to be their hope for one of them to sit on the martial imperial throne one day.

Why would a figure like this be interested in the demon tide this time?

Unlike the discussing experts, he did not believe that this was just a whim of the princess. Every second of time was extremely precious to a supreme being like her, and she certainly would not do something frivolous on a spur of the moment. There had to be a reason.

Thinking associatively about the turning up of the Divine Sky Sect's and Black Moon Divine Palace's successors, as well as the Four Stars holy girl and the Mizar Race's Third Prince... There was a chance that even more such prodigies would be appearing.

Ye Qingyu became vaguely aware that this irregular demon tide occurrence could be hiding some unknown secret.

He turned to leave amid the discussions

...

He proceeded deeper into the Black Demon Pool.

It did not matter to him what the demon tide spewed up.

The most important thing for him was to quickly complete the tasks of the domain test and thereafter link up with Yu Xiaoxing and the rest.

Along the way, there would occasionally be foreign race experts passing by who revealed expressions of awe and astonishment when they saw him using the red spear as a walking stick and felt the substantial murderous spirit and killing intent on his body.

The experts of various races who suddenly attacked him once they saw the bounty mark on his body also became fewer.

The red spear was not just a glorious prize of war, but more importantly, a silent warning to his enemies.

News of the impending bursting out of the demon tide had evidently spread throughout the Black Demon Pool. More and more people ventured to the depths of the Black Demon Pool, hoping to claim a share of the pie, even if it was just a matter of luck. The number of hurried-looking experts on the road increased, and save for a handful who were extremely confident in their strengths, most of them arrived in pairs and groups.

In only a short time, this deep zone became considerably more crowded than before, and the site of the massacre became lively.

Another two hours passed.

At a place which was approximately a dozen flights of steps away from the entrance to the 15th zone.

Ye Qingyu's eyes suddenly took notice of dozens of figures on the reception platform at the entrance.

It was a squad which bore the distinct characteristics of the Demon Race.

The skin of these Demon Race experts was abnormally tough and soil-brown, resembling a soil layer that had dried up and cracked. Beneath their body armor which was made from demonic beast hide and ribs, a peculiar evil qi surged and insulated them from the Black Demon qi. Their facial features had evolved no differently from humans, and the only difference was the red mane on the crown of their heads which displayed a different shade of red according to the level of their strengths.

The red manes of the frontmost Immortal Step realm experts gave off a red halo which could hold off the Black Demon qi at a half-meter's distance.

Although these demons had transformed their body shapes into that of humans, every one of them remained looking burly and fiendish. Furthermore, the weakest among them were at the pinnacle Heaven Ascension realm.

If that was all about this Demon Race squad, they would be way too unremarkable among the increasingly lively depths of the Black Demon Pool, and Ye Qingyu certainly would not have paid too much attention to them.

What made him take a few more looks at them was a strange cage, assembled from animal bones and shrouded by surging Black Demon qi, which was within their midst.

Its entirety was made using only demonic beast leg bones, of which every piece emitted a dark evil qi and was infused with the demonic power of a special blood-red formation. On it was formed a thin layer of light screen which could not only prevent anyone from rescuing the captive, but also repel the surrounding Black Demon qi completely.

Within the cage was not some kind of terrifying being.

Instead, it locked up a young girl who appeared no older than thirteen or fourteen  years old.

Although she was near-human in appearance, her hands each had seven fingers, while her hair and ears had a few physical features of other races.

Terrified like no other, she curled herself up in a corner in a cute and quiet manner. From time to time, she would timidly raise her head to observe the ghastly and deep environment all around.

Ye Qingyu got a good look at her when she raised her head.

Her crystal-clear eyes were bright and sharp, while her small and thin lips were gently puckered, indicating that she was strenuously suppressing her panic and shiver. Her body was extremely emaciated, such that her shackled wrists looked like fine branches which would snap with a slight twist. Although her hair, face, and peach-red clothing were covered in bloodstains and mud, Ye Qingyu could tell that she was actually a pure, lovely, and fairy-like little girl.

Although her strength was yet unknown, she was clearly not an expert. If it was not for the evil qi and demonic power formation which repelled the Black Demon qi on the cage which confined her, she would never have been able to reach even the 5th zone.

While he was observing the girl in the cage, Ye Qingyu had quietly drawn near to the reception platform of the entrance.

At present, he was no more than a hundred meters away from the group of demons and their cage.

What's the purpose of confining this weak little girl, for this bunch of powerful demons?

Feeling uncertain, he took a few more glances at them.

As he looked at the young girl, whose aura was somewhat weak and whose physical strength was at a minimum, a figure which was wearing a baggy gown suddenly popped up in his mind.

A few years ago, when he first met Song Xiaojun in the White Deer Academy, she was also at this age, and was this pure and lovely.

Both these pitiful girls had to endure a fate which was inappropriate for their age...

Sighing lightly, a hint of compassion showed in his eyes.

In the meantime, the confined little figure seemed unable to bear it any longer and began to tremble. With dry, bleeding lips that looked like a cracked riverbed, she suddenly uttered in a quivering voice, "Uncle, I need... water... need... water... Uncle, can I have water... just a drop."

Her eyes were filled with thirst, timidity, and imploration.

However...

Wapush!

It was a whip that answered her.

An extremely strange-looking whip, which could pass for a black-scaled snake, suddenly flung toward the cage and penetrated the animal bones to lash brutally onto the young girl's body.

"You little bitch, what are you shouting about!? No water... have I not beaten you enough?" Standing near the cage, a demon expert with a long face, a wide nose, and a red mane that hung down from his forehead howled viciously.

Her face full of pain, the young girl tightly bit her lips, which had long cracked and spurted streams of blood.

Like a startled bird, she hurriedly lowered her head, weeping tears that sparkled like jade beads. She did not dare to make the slightest sound, while her feeble body trembled unconsciously and her toes began to convulse from the excessive anxiety.

At this time, another demon expert standing beside the cage noticed Ye Qingyu in the distance.

Perhaps because the latter had been staring at them, the expert stared back. He was approximately three meters tall and had eyes like those of bulls. The mane on his head gave off a faint red light, thereby indicating that his strength was around the Half Step Immortal Step realm.

Observing Ye Qingyu from head to toe, he saw that the latter was covered in wounds and bloodstains, had a weak aura, and seemed extremely haggard and in no fighting shape. A contempt grew in his eyes as he yelled, "What are you looking at!? Scram!"

Ye Qingyu abruptly raised his head with his eyes overflowing with radiance.

Boom!

He exerted a palm without saying a word.

A chill began to rise.

A silver true ice dragon phantom, which was bursting with an extreme chill, suddenly roared out of his palm.

"You... Puff!"

The demon's countenance changed dramatically, for he completely did not expect that this wretched man would dare to attack him. While he sensed that the power coming at him was not something he could withstand, he was knocked ten meters back even before he could react. A stream of blood poured from his mouth as astonishment and anger grew on his face.

In the meantime.

Ye Qingyu's vigor swelled, causing a bright cold light mist to enshroud him.

Instantly, a chill pervaded the entire reception platform.

Every demon expert felt a bone-piercing chill, as well as a killing intent which burned like a raging flame.

"Who is he?"

"Is he courting death?"

"Slay him."

"Don't let him escape."

The demon experts flew into a fury at once and charged toward Ye Qingyu.

The latter sneered as a hint of killing intent surged across his pupils.

Just then.

Several [Savage Army Demon Race] elders, who had been watching on dispassionately from a distance, suddenly noticed the red coiled-dragon spear in his hand. Their faces turned pale as they exchanged glances and saw the fear in each other's eyes.

"Hold it,” one of the elders shouted.

After ordering all of the demons to retreat to two sides, the elders walked up to Ye Qingyu.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 704:


Chapter 722 Treat Her Well


The atmosphere suddenly became very tense.

In a place like the Black Demon Pool, cases of a single disagreeable sentence causing swords to be drawn and blood to be spilled were all too common.

When several experts from various factions saw what was happening, they paused their footsteps and kept their distances so as to observe the situation without getting involved.

The elders carefully sized Ye Qingyu up.

"Your Honour, your attire... surely you aren't the [Ice Sword Killing God]?" asked a First Step Immortal Stage expert, a hint of fear in his eyes. With a red beard hanging down to his waist like a waterfall, and a mane on the top of his head glowing in red, he appeared to be a venerable demon elder.

"[Ice Sword Killing God]?" Ye Qingyu was taken slightly aback.

Have these elders mistaken me for someone else?

"On the way here, we've heard that a young human expert has suddenly appeared in the Black Demon Pool. Thirsty for blood and kills, not a blade of grass is left where he passes. Many acclaimed aces of various assassination groups and the Demon Race, including [Cold Light Sword] Zheng Ji and [Bloodthorn Hall] elder Xing Xiejun, have died to his Ice Sword." Staring grimly at Ye Qingyu and observing his expressions was an elder whose skin was strewn with black ravine-like vessels and whose red mane emitted a faint black-red halo.

"The nickname [Ice Sword Killing God] has long begun to spread throughout the Black Demon Pool..."

"What? This fella's the killing god?"

Upon being reminded by their elder, the other demon experts realized that the human expert in front of them was not to be taken lightly. In particular, the one who scolded Ye Qingyu lost his ferocity and subconsciously moved behind one of his companions.

It was also at this time that Ye Qingyu understood.

It turned out that he had killed his way to a sizable reputation and the nickname [Ice Sword Killing God] on this road of being hunted and counter-killing. This was clearly a case of an unintended positive outcome.

[Ice Sword Killing God]?

Sounds pretty good.

The corners of his mouth subtly arched upward, revealing his satisfaction with the nickname.

And so he nodded.

Seeing him nodding in admission, the [Savage Army Demon Race] elders were slightly astounded.

They could no longer look at him disparagingly.

After all, strength was the only basis for establishing status in a place completely devoid of laws and centralized authority like the Black Demon Pool.

To be able to gain fame and acquire such a bloodthirsty nickname in the Black Demon Pool within a couple of hours was telling of how the person must be extremely dangerous. It must be known that the people he counter-killed were all well-known characters in the Black Demon Pool who were infamous for assassinations. A feat like that was not something just anyone could achieve.

The red-bearded elder pondered for a while before saying, "So, Your Honor is indeed the [Ice Sword Killing God]. My clansmen and I have been terribly disrespectful, for we didn't know about your status and were mistaken. My people came to the Black Demon Pool for an important matter and aren't looking to cause unnecessary problems. What's more, there aren't any grudges between us. How about we drop this dispute?"

This was as good as admitting defeat.

The [Savage Army Demon Race] had indeed come for an important matter and were not looking to cause avoidable troubles. It would be a lie to say that they were actually afraid of the [Ice Sword Killing God], and, therefore, the elder's tone could be considered mild.

Upon hearing those words, Ye Qingyu nodded.

He did not want to cause unnecessary complications either.

However...

He did not simply walk away.

His eyes turned and fell on the long-faced, wide-nosed demon expert who insolently provoked him. The latter winced as fear grew in his heart, and before he snapped out of it, he saw Ye Qingyu waving at him. A water jug made of beast hide which was latched at his waist suddenly dislodged on its own and flew toward Ye Qingyu's palm.

"You..." The demon expert was both shocked and angered.

The other [Savage Army Demon Race] experts, too, changed dramatically in countenance.

However, as if he completely did not perceive the angry gazes of the other demon experts, Ye Qingyu turned and walked, with the water jug in hand, toward the beast bone cage which held the little girl.

The [Savage Army Demon Race] experts unsheathed their weapons as their countenances changed even more.

The red-bearded elder's face also turned grimmer, but all he did was to shake his head.

Walking up beside the cage, Ye Qingyu raised his hand and passed the jug through the screen to the little girl.

"Drink some," he said softly.

In the cage.

The girl was clearly dying of thirst.

Licking her lips which had dried so badly that they bled, she looked in shock at Ye Qingyu, before revealing a hint of gratitude and frantically receiving the jug. She timidly removed the stopper and cautiously took a sip. A satisfied look appeared on her tiny face as she looked at Ye Qingyu and then at the jug. After a moment's hesitation, with her big eyes staring at Ye Qingyu, she asked sheepishly, "Brother... can I... take another sip?"

For some reason, Ye Qingyu felt a pang in his heart.

"Go ahead and drink as much as you want. If one jug isn't enough, Brother will grab you another one," he responded softly.

Having gotten permission, the little girl thanked him in a sweet voice and only then assuredly raised the jug and gulped down mouthfuls of water. A glugging noise persisted until the jug was completely emptied, at which time she let out a long burp...

That her tiny body was able to take in so much water showed that she could not have been more thirsty.

Like a withered sprout that was moistened by rain and dew, the girl was reinvigorated and glowed with vitality when she finished drinking. Her skinny yet pretty face meekly revealed a satisfied smile and her sparkling eyes looked at Ye Qingyu as she said with some apprehension, "Brother, I accidentally finished it... Thank you..."

Looking at the bruise-covered, emaciated figure, the latter did not know what to say.

He raised his hand and passed it through the white bone cage to gently caress the little girl's head.

A tinge of [Supreme Ice Flame] was silently injected into her body.

The [Savage Army Demon Race] is evidently a very powerful branch of the Demon Race. But, in that case, why do they want to lock up this seemingly-unthreatening girl, and expend so much trouble to bring her to the depths of the Black Demon Pool?

There must be some devils in the details.

But, at this moment, he was unable to figure out what was going on.

"Your Honor, don't overdo things," the red-bearded elder murmured.

They had acquiesced to Ye Qingyu's actions because they did not want unnecessary trouble. However, if he continued to be insensible, the [Savage Army Demon Race] might not continue to put up with it.

The atmosphere became tense once more.

"Brother, go, go quickly... I... I'm not thirsty anymore... you're a good man, don't let these bad guys get you... they're really bad." Curling her body up, the girl hurriedly said in a concerned voice when she saw that his injuries were even worse than hers.

Despite being trapped in a cage, she showed consideration for others instead of crying for help for herself.

Such a sensible girl all the more elicited compassion from Ye Qingyu.

However, he knew that he could not save her at this time.

The bone cage she was locked in was filled with mechanisms and formations which would probably kill him as soon as the slightest movement was detected. On top of that, beside him were many menaces who would harm him if he brought the girl away.

After hesitating for a while, he gently patted the girl's shoulders, then turned to leave.

The girl lowered her head as she shuddered in the cage.

"No matter why you all have her locked up, it's clear that she's valuable to you all,. at least. Why not treat her well instead of scolding her?" Standing on the spot, Ye Qingyu looked at the [Savage Army Demon Race] with ice-cold eyes.

With a somber face, the red-bearded elder did not say a word.

Ye Qingyu took another look at the girl and only then left.

The [Savage Army Demon Race] elders could only heave a sigh of relief when his figure had disappeared into the distance amid the thick ink-like Black Demon qi.

The [Ice Sword Killing God] certainly lived up to his name. Despite seeming injured, a frightening power continued to surge in his body and his blood qi remained as vigorous as ever. Perhaps because he had slain too many people along the way, the killing intent which wreathed his body was so frightening that even these elders, who were the strongest among the [Savage Army Demon Race], began to feel palpitations.

At that moment, they were even afraid that this bloodthirsty killing god would suddenly turn hostile and strike at them.

"Let's proceed," the red-bearded elder said in a deep voice as he looked at the demon experts guarding the white bone cage. "And don't hit her anymore. She'll be of importance to us if we keep her alive. I'll make war drums of your skins if you all beat her to death before this matter's done."

Those demon experts were terror-stricken at once.

The red-bearded elder was famous within the race for making war drums from the skins of experts.

As they visualized a mental picture of that cruel act, the experts no longer dared to berate the little girl.

After a brief reorganization, the [Savage Army Demon Race] resumed their advance.

After the time it took for an incense stick to burn off.

The contingent of men and horses finally arrived in the city of the 15th zone.

Upon reaching the entrance, every one of their faces revealed an ever more vigilant expression.

With great caution, they traversed several streets and alleys in a designated direction toward a very precise location.

After another incense stick's worth of time, they arrived in front of a strange building.

It was a bamboo shoot-shaped black tower with a relatively wide base that became narrower the higher it went. It stood upright within the Black Demon qi at more than a hundred meters, resembling a black-colored demon knife. Its entire body emitted a halo which was not formed from Black Demon qi or the power of another Demon Race, but instead a fine, near-transparent, and mist-like layer of luster.

Strangely, the layer completely blended and seemed to become one with the Black Demon qi that surged boundlessly.

No patterns were engraved on the tower walls, which surfaces were glossy and exquisite as if they had been painstakingly polished.

The most surprising thing was that this strange building did not have a door!

There was only a tightly-shut, half-meter-wide round window placed on the east-facing side at the very top of the black tower.

One of the young [Savage Army Demon Race] experts placed his hands deep into the cage and grabbed hold of the little girl's arm. After observing it for a while, he nodded toward the other demon experts.

With that, the elder issued an order.

Dozens of demon experts began to surround the tower.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

