Chapter 581:


Chapter 600, The Devouring Heaven Demon General

“That's the leader of Willow Lane, big brother Liu Minsheng.”

Hu Bugui narrowed his eyes, shooting a look over at one particular direction.

Ye Qingyu immediately followed the direction of his gaze.

A messy, black haired, strong-looking man in ragged clothes was covered with blood stains and scars, some of which were bone-deep. He was shackled by a formation chain the thickness of a child’s arm, his limbs were disabled, and was imprisoned in the prisoner cart. He was burly, pale, and calm, with handsome facial features. His eyes were slightly closed as he sat with his legs crossed, and his sword-like brows were glued to the dried blood.

The whip marks on his face were cracked and splitting in the cold, and the blood that had just flowed down his face was instantly dried in the icy wind.

Ye Qingyu carefully looked again, and couldn't help breath an exasperated sigh, because there were not only visible bone deep scars on Liu Minsheng’s body, there was a formation-strengthened instrument that pierced through his shoulder blade, locking him to the railing of the cart.

“Brother Liu is my blood brother...”

Hu Bugui gritted his teeth, killing intent flashing in his eyes like the sun.

Ye Qingyu nodded slightly.

No wonder that Hu Bugui took him to the entrance of Willow Lane when they first got into the city.

Hu Bugui evidently knew a lot of people. As he swept his eyes across each prisoner cart, he introduced each person to Ye Qingyu in a whispered tone.

“That's big brother Zhao, who saved my life ten years ago...”

“That young man is called Ling Fei, he is in charge of the ten largest restaurants and tea houses in Flowing Light City.”

“And... the particularly short one in the front is old man Qu, the leader of the beggars of Flowing Light City. He has a very bad temper but is really strong. I had a fight with him before, but as they say, an exchange of blows may lead to friendship. This beggar is definitely a tough man, and really hates the Demon Spider Race.”

While identifying everyone, Hu Bugui seemed to recall something, the corners of his mouth slightly curved upwards and his eyes constantly flickering with multi-coloured lights.

Ye Qingyu followed the direction of Hu Bugui’s eyes as he described each person.

At this time these men were bound by rune chains and stained with blood. A few had their hair half-shaved, and others were breathing weakly, seemingly almost fainting.

These people were also shackled by rune chains, their shoulder blades locked by an instrument and their cultivation sealed, just like ordinary people.

Since being imprisoned, they had been humiliated, and sustained severe injuries, but they stayed strong till now and had not given in. These really were commendable heroes of the Human Race.

There were around 100 people in the prisoner carts. Hu Bugui had a broad circle of friends and was able to recognize half of these people, of which there were many of his friends.

At this moment Hu Bugui already couldn't restrain the surging murderous intent and anger inside, if he had not concealed his cultivation and aura, most likely that the killing intent would have soared and he would have turned into a killing god.

Ye Qingyu hurriedly pulled him back, patting him lightly.

“Watch a little longer, I think today’s matter is not so simple.”

Just then——

“Mao’er... Mao’er.....”

A shaky, old voice suddenly sounded from the left side.

A trembling old man came out of the crowd.

Ye Qingyu instantly recognized the old man tottering unsteadily out of the crowd was the grandpa selling handmade items on the street yesterday.

He was hunchbacked, trembling with fear, but he summoned up the courage to step out of the crowd with a ragged hemp garment wrapped around his body.

“Military Master... Lord... can you do me a favour, pity this old man. Let this old man see his son again...” The old man side staggered over to the prisoner carts with both hands held respectfully in front, eyes glistening with tears, and a boundless sadness was shown across his aged face.

“Eh?”

A Demon Spider soldier looked up, and a murderous intent flashed in his eyes.

There was no mercy on his face for the old man who was begging, his hand grasped the hilt, and the blade was half out of the sheath.

Anyone who dared to approach the prisoner cart will die. This was a military order.

Clang.

The sound of a sword drawn from its sheath.

But the Demon Spider soldier in the end did not finish the action of the kill.

Because someone had made a move first.

“Damn old thing, dare to bump into the prisoner cart, get lost!”

Gongzi Chen, Chen Zhengliang suddenly rushed out, swung out his leg in fury and sent the pitiful old man flying dozens of meters away.

The old man tragically cried out, sputtering out blood, and fell on his back like a broken frame.

A slight commotion.

Countless eyes were watching the old man, there was sympathy, excitement, panic, but no one dared speak.

Everyone consciously retreated back two steps together, leaving a semi-circle space in front.

The old man lay on the semi-circle ground, blood streaming down the icy surface of the snow.

Chen Zhengliang strode over with an evil grin on his face, looking down at the dying old man. “Old thing, you dare disturb discipline! Are you tired of living!”

“Wu… Wu...”

The old man’s mouth was full of blood foam. He curled himself up, emitting a low, audible whimper.

Then, there was a flurry of movement from a prisoner cart.

“Father, are you alright, Father... Chen Zhengliang, you son of a bitch, I treated you as a real brother, you also called my father Uncle, now you unexpectedly... do you have no conscience, don't hit my father! Come and get me!”

In a stagnant fine iron prisoner cart was a young man who erupted in anger, madly struggling and cursing furiously.

His hands tightly grasping the railing, the finger bones and veins were exposed, and the hole in his abdomen that a steel knife had pierced through was still pouring out blood. His robe had already been dyed a dark red. His face was covered with scars and blood, and one of his eyes had been hollowed out. The eye socket was stuffed with a demonic qi-emitting cotton-like material that was moving and twisted about, constantly devouring the blood flowing out of the eye socket.

He stared in the old man’s direction with his remaining left eye, full of resentment and anxiety, but was unable to do anything.

“Kekeke...” A captain next to the prisoner cart uttered a strange laugh. “What’s the rush, it will be your turn soon, I'm afraid you will be begging for it to end quickly at that time... Kekeke...”

In the crowd.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui had quietly sneaked to the edge of the crowd nearest to the old man, a mist-like glow in their hands as they were about to rescue the old man, but at this time, there was a new change happening.

“Traitor.”

A disdainful roar suddenly came from the crowd.

A scar faced middle-aged man separated the crowd as he rushed out, held the dying old man in his arms, and glowered at Chen Zhengliang. “Back then you were one of the talented youngsters of the city, but now you have been reduced to this. Chen Zhengliang, you heartless beast, you will receive retribution.”

Chen Zhengliang’s face flashed a hint of fury, then coldly smiled, “I wonder who it was, so it’s pig butcher Scar-faced Jin. Haha, you’re still alive, then you should behave properly, you dare stand up to scold me?”

Scar-faced Jin?

Ye Qingyu's eyes fell on the scar-faced middle-aged man. He saw an old scar on his neck, extending to his ear, it looked really frightening and at first glance he thought he was a villain, but did not think that the first person to stand out today would be him.

A sense of justice was possessed by many people, but those that failed to be loyal were mostly scholars.

While handsome scholars like Chen Zhengliang, in the face of the Demon Spider Race, knelt down to surrender, people like Scar-faced Jin stood out to protect other people.

“It’s Scar-faced Jin of Mi Alley, unknown background, but ten years ago he appeared in Flowing Light City, and relied on selling pork for a living.”

Ye Qingyu heard a clear voice in his ear.

It was Hu Bugui speaking to him through a secret code.

Ye Qingyu had no impression of this Scar-faced Jin, but was aware of Mi alley.

Ye Qingyu had been there once while he was in Flowing Light City; it was a slum where crooks were mixed in with the honest folks.

“Bah, trash like you that betrays your ancestor, so what if I scold you I?” Scar-faced Jin glared at him. “If I wasn’t weak now, I would have killed you like I was slaughtering a pig... Come on, I have lived long enough, kill me if you have the guts.”

Opposite.

“Dog thing, I'll kill you...” Chen Zhengliang was pulling out his sword in a backhand motion, when he suddenly stopped and grimly smiled, “To kill you just like that is letting you off lightly. You opposed me, which means you oppose the great Demon Spider Race. Haha, he must be a resister, come, put this dog thing into a prisoner cart. In a moment, kill him along with the other resisters.”

Immediately, there were henchmen coming over to beat and tie up Scar-faced Jin, and dragged him to the prisoner carts.

No one paid attention to the old man anymore, Hu Bugui went over, gently supporting up the unconscious old man in the snow.

Ye Qingyu originally wanted to rescue this Scar-faced Jin, but when he saw this scene he decided to watch a little longer first.

After dozens of seconds.

In the midst of the clanking of shackles, in the square formation of prisoner carts.

Carts one after another were opened.

The chained heroic men were dragged toward the execution platform.

Soon the first row of ten people in the prisoner cart was dragged onto the execution platform, which was heavily guarded by the elite Demon SSpider Race guards. Chen Zhengliang and other people also retreated to a corner behind the ruins.

The atmosphere was a little weird.

The Demon Spider soldiers seemed to be waiting for someone.

Bang! Boom!

There was a sudden bang in the sky.

All of them looked up, faces turning pale.

A mass of black demonic clouds suddenly appeared in the sky, tumbling across, and an extreme oppressive pressure spread throughout the public square. Everyone felt a shortness of breath, their hearts being crushed by a boulder, like a devil was about to come roaring out from the dark clouds.

Boom!

In the midst of the explosion, the black cloud descended on the observatory platform like a bolt of lightning.

Then the black clouds gradually dispersed.

A burly figure appeared on the most central seat in the observatory balcony.

It was a Demon Spider Race's expert. His features were fierce and sinister, his face was short and brows were wide, and his fat lips and big mouth was four times as wide as that of an ordinary person.

“Devouring Heaven General,”  someone cried out, trembling.

Ye Qingyu's line of sight also fell on the General of the Demon Spider Race’s Heaven Devouring Camp——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 582:


Chapter 601, A child

In the main seat, the Devouring Heaven Demon General was like a towering devil mountain, sitting quietly.

Even sitting, his physique was still two meters tall, like a giant, and his black demon-immortal steel armour was engraved with dark red markings and had spikes at the key areas with dark-coloured mist curling out. It was evidently not an ordinary item. At his waist hung a long blade with evil spirit winding around. The body of the blade was covered with black spider totems, which were like living creatures, and as though would slowly crawl out. It was strange and frightening.

“An Immortal Step boundary expert!”

Ye Qingyu's current consciousness power was incomparable. With one glance he immediately figured out the cultivation level of the Devouring Heaven Demon General.

Next to the Devouring Heaven Demon General stood other Demon Spider Race experts, of which the majority were burly and ferocious, but two were entirely different——It was a pair of white-clad Gongzis identical in looks, and even their action and mannerisms were the same. Their faces were like jade and defined, clad in moonlight-coloured silk robes, almost blending in with the snow. Their long black hair was fluttering on their backs, and each was holding a palm-sized fractured animal bone fan.

The two men not only wore the same outfits, but were very similar in appearance.

At first glance, it seemed as though one was a reflection of the other.

“Twins,” Hu Bugui exclaimed.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, “Twins? What is that?”

“Twins are extremely rare, if they cultivated martial arts together, they can cultivate some joint attack techniques. It is absolutely frightening,” Hu Bugui explained in secret code. “This sort of thing is not produced normally, but through a secret method of cultivation, very scary... I had no idea that the Demon Spider Race had cultivated this kind of thing. Interesting.”

They were cultivated?

Ye Qingyu looked carefully.

He noticed that the eyes of the twins were slightly white, and upon careful inspection, there was a miniature spider inside.

At this time——

Boom boom boom!

The signaling cannon sounded.

The Devouring Heaven Demon General suddenly rose to his feet.

He was like the god of death of the Asura hell, radiating a frightening arrogance.

Masses of black demon qi was bursting forth, melting the falling snow.

He looked down condescendingly, overlooking the public square, taking in everything in sight.

His huge scarlet eyes gleamed with a cold and merciless light.

“Humph, these lowly ants, or rather, lowly humans that just waste food and resources. The meaning of their existence is only to let me enjoy the pleasure of killing, it is better to kill them all... Unfortunately, the Prince had forbid massacre, or I would have wiped out these lowly ants to feed my battle pet!”

The Devouring Heaven Demon General thought to himself.

For the Devouring Heaven Demon General, The Prince’s orders must be obeyed.

So he had to restrain the killing intent inside him and act according to the orders he received.

On the execution platform.

Chen Zhengliang looked down from a height.

He turned to bow at the Devouring Heaven Demon General, abasing himself.

The Devouring Heaven Demon General did not say a word and there was not the slightest emotion on his cold face. He merely waved indifferently and then sat down again.

He stood on the execution platform and yelled, “It is time... Everyone listen to me, the Demon Spider Race is kind and merciful, after coming to Flowing Light City, they had treated the Human Race well, which is the reason why you are still alive. However, there are still people who act recklessly, do not know what is gratefulness, refuse to obey, and dared rebel against the Demon Spider Race army. They are extremely hateful, intolerable... The lowly species that disrupts the order of Flowing Light City deserves to die, Devouring Heaven Demon General will supervise the execution of  those lowly people. It will also let you see the ending of those that dare go against the will of the Demon Spider Race!”

Below the execution platform.

Tens of thousands of people were coldly looking at the contemptible scoundrel Chen Zhengliang.

But no one dared to speak out.

Some clenched their fists, some gritted their teeth, some cursing crazily in their heart, and some lowered their head to not see this ugly scene.

The difference in strength was too much, it will be meaningless to revolt.

The great pressure and fear made many people despair.

If they could, all people would have instantly swarm to Chen Zhengliang and crushed him into pieces of flesh.

And on the execution platform, Chen Zhengliang was not the slightest aware of this.

“Executioner! Bring those bastards up!” he shouted triumphantly.

Chen Zhengliang’s lackeys dragged the several formation chain shackled people in the first prisoner cart onto the platform.

The one in front was a white-haired old man.

The old man seemed to be eighty or ninety years old. His head was powerlessly drooping and his blood-stained face was buried in his grey hair.

His chest was pierced with two sharp iron hooks into his shoulder blades, blood trickling out, staining the old man’s white clothes with tracts of blood. His grey hair, dishevelled and tangled like straw, were dyed blood red, and forming dark red scabs.

The old man groaned, hobbled, and whenever he slowed down a little, the human traitors dragged the iron hook at the other end of the chain, forcibly pulling the elderly forward faster.

Every time the chain vibrated, the old man swayed feebly.

The scene was extremely cruel.

“That's Old Zheng!”

“Heavens, it’s Old Zheng! He's so old already, but the Demon Race will not let him off and used such cruel means to torture him!”

“Old Zheng is well-respected and admired by the people of Flowing Light City, they will behead Old Zheng first to show their strength!”

“The kindest man of Flowing Light City, he had done many good deeds in his life, don’t tell me he is going to die in the hands of the Demon Race today? Are the heavens watching this, those who kill and burn wear belts of gold with no consequences. Heavens, have you been blinded, is there still justice in this world?”

The crowd was becoming restless, whispering to each other.

Ye Qingyu heard all the dialogue.

On the execution platform.

Chen Zhengliang’s mouth twisted in a malicious sneer.

Seeing that ten people were taken onto the execution platform, like a dog, he bowed his head respectfully and with a smile on his face came to where Devouring Heaven Demon General was sitting, “General, how should the ten prisoners be punished, please make a decision.”

Devouring Heaven Demon General’s face was devoid of expression, his gaze shifting about until eventually falling on the guillotine.

Chen Zhengliang understood straightaway, nodded his head, and bowed.

“Old thing, General has granted you with the beheading punishment. Haha, bring him over!”

Numerous lackeys quickly brought the old man over to the huge blunt guillotine.

There was another commotion in the crowd.

Chen Zhengliang grinned evilly, seemingly not anxious to immediately execute, strolling over to the huge guillotine.

The old man raised his head, there was not a trace of colour on his aged face, and evidently had suffered great pain. Huge beads of cold sweat rolled down his forehead, but on his wrinkled face there was only anger, and not a trace of fear.

Chen Zhengliang noticed the old man’s calm face, smiling coldly.

“Old man, haha, you must not be aware of the power of this guillotine.”

As he was speaking, he came closer to the guillotine, flicked the edge of the blade with his finger, and unexpectedly there was not the slightest sound!

Chen Zhengliang then struck the guillotine, then turned his head to look at the old man. “This is a blade made from a thousand years of water essence, it weighs more than a million pounds, the blunt blade is strengthened with a special formation. Even if you were placed under the guillotine and struck a million times it will not break your layer of skin, only the bones and flesh of your neck will be crushed! The formation energy will ensure that you will not die within ten days. Slowly enjoy the pain of your flesh and blood vessels breaking into pieces!”

The old man slowly lifted his head, looked him in the eye, and spat a mouthful of blood mingled with saliva at his face. “You immoral and despicable people, as part of the Human Race, you abandoned your identity, obeyed the orders of demons, and harmed your own people. You really are lower than the lowest!”

Chen Zhengliang, as though he was praised, gently wiped away the saliva and smiled, “Old thing, a wise man submits to circumstances. We have been fortunate enough to serve the Demon Spider Race, that is a blessing that you will not be able to have in several lifetimes!”

“Peh! Shameless, betrayers, utterly heartless!” the old man lashed out.

Chen Zhengliang burst into maniacal laughter, “Stubborn old thing, you really think you are that venerable and the kindest person in Flowing Light City? Death is near, yet you want to infuriate me? Let me give you a good one!”

The old man glared at him, and did not say a word, wishing to die.

Chen Zhengliang was not eager to carry out the execution, moving closer to the old man he grabbed a handful of the old man's hair and mercilessly pulled. “Old thing, I’ll give you a last chance. Today, if you surrender and pay allegiance to the great general, become a servant to the Demon Spider Race, then the great general can let you live.”

“Peh!” The old man's answer was simple and clear.

Chen Zhengliang still remained calm, with not a shred of anger on his face. Instead, a hint of a taunting expression emerged across his face.

He was like a cat playing with a mouse. “Haha, really stubborn, but I would like to see how long you can persist! Aren’t you a kind man, let’s see whether this is true or false. Haha, today as long as you kneel on the ground to say the City Lord of Flowing Light City is a coward, a downright hypocrite, General will let the rest of the hundreds of prisoners go, spare them death. Old thing, do you want them to die together with you, or live?”

When the old man heard these words, his old and scar ridden body shook.

A hint of hesitation flashed to his eyes, his lips trembling and was speechless.

Chen Zhengliang seemed to be satisfied with the old man's response, “What, old thing, you are the kindest person in Flowing Light City. Today, do you want to save people, or to harm people? Well?”

As he spoke, he raised one brow and the complacent and mocking expression in his eyes were much more clear.

The old man's struggles were more intense than before as he began to gasp violently.

Even the pain and wounds of his body did not make him struggle like this, but now... the old man turned his head to look at the other imprisoned heroes who were awaiting death.

Chen Zhengliang grinned, pointed over to where the old man’s eyes were on, his voice like the devil’s roar when he said, “You see, in front of the hot pillar is a twelve-year-old child, if you continue to be this stubborn, he will be dragged on the platform and roasted, then his skin will be sliced off for the Demon Spider Race general to enjoy. And he will continue to be grilled, until all the layers of his skin and flesh are roasted.”

The old man clamped lips trembled.

Each word from Chen Zhengliang was like a knife, stabbing right at his heart!

He had always believed that he would rather die than surrender. That he would stick to his beliefs and never give in to the demons, but...

It was more than 100 lives!

“Grandpa Zheng! I'm not afraid of dying! Don’t beg the bad people for mercy. Father once said to me, the Human Race never gives in.”

Not far away, the twelve-year-old boy in front of the hot pillar suddenly shouted with all his strength.

On the young and soft face, there was an unusual calm expression for his age.

When the old man heard these words, he shot open his eyes and looked at the twelve-year-old child, tears coursing down his cheeks.

This child’s father was the most skilful master of the City Lord’s residence, he had killed thousands while defending the city walls, but in the end died in battle. The city was breached and the child’s mother, in order not to be humiliated by the Demon Race, committed suicide. The child was caught and tortured in all sorts of ways, but at such a young age, he still remained strong and endured to today.

At this moment, the old man suddenly did not struggle so much.

The old man knew that he could not give in, and could not surrender in the slightest!

Even if... even if he had to take these 100 people to die together with him!

All humans died in the end.

But death may not be the end.

The old man slowly stood up, took a long breath and made a decision.

He turned to look at Chen Zhengliang, his eyes filled with pity, “You animal, did you see? Did you hear that? Haha, even a child is more noble than you... Even a twelve-year-old child refuses to give in to the demons, how can I let him down? Haha, I’d rather choose death, an animal like you will be punished! Sooner or later, there will be a saint of the Human Race coming. That person will quell the disorder of Clear River Domain, and kill all emon clans. Today, with the blood shed by the heroes of Flowing Light City, you will have to repay hundreds of thousand of times as much tomorrow!”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 583:


Chapter 602, Who is it?

Although the old man was not strong, shackled by formation chains and severely wounded, when he spoke there was a mysterious strength.

His voice was not loud, but every word was like a clap of thunder, resounding across the sky and a vast, majestic light aura diffusing in the air.

On the public plaza.

The nearly one hundred thousand figures, at this moment, felt as thoughsome sort of heated object was burning frantically in their chest.

The countless lowered heads were slowly lifted.

An atmosphere that gradually altered the Demon Spiders’ countenance began to spread across the public plaza.

Chen Zhengliang and his lackeys, for a moment, were also impacted by the old man's imposing manner. Their complexion changed rapidly, and they knew not what to say and frozen where they stood.

At this moment——

“Haha, a saint of the Human Race?”

A mocking laughed echoed.

Sitting on the higher observatory platform, the Heaven Devouring Demon General slowly rose to his feet, his huge body like a deadly giant creature emerging from the demon abyss.

As if the Devouring Heaven Demon General had heard a huge joke, there was undisguised contempt across his face.

“Saint? Old dog, are you dreaming? Ahaha, what era are we in, a lowly declining race like the Human Race will have a saint emerge?” Devouring Heaven Demon General burst into mocking laughter, pointing to the tens of thousands of people on the public square, like they were corpses and animals, then continued in a contemptuous tone. “Old dog, open your eyes to see. The hundreds of thousands of people in Flowing Light City are standing in a circle and watching, like a group of dogs that have had their backbones broken. Haha, they are apathetically watching you being tortured. From the start till now was there anyone that said a word to you, was there anyone that looked you in the eye? They are nothing but a group of lowly slaves, not worthy of sharing the land and resources of Clear River Domain with the noble Demon Race.”

The old man's complexion grew more and more calm when he heard this.

He calmly smiled and gasped for breath before slowly said, “They are not resisting to preserve the tinder for the Human Race to continue to exist. Although they have not looked up, but the flames of freedom are burning in their heart... This is only to preserve strength, the Human Race will never give in! One day, you will be defeated by the Human Race that you despise so much. Even if my blood splatter across the sky today, they will still see the sun for me, it will be bright and dazzling, without demons!”

Each word was sonorous, like echoing clang of swords striking.

The old man’s scar ridden body, at this moment, in the eyes of countless people, seemed as huge as a towering mountain, that they had to look up at him.

Before his voice faded.

The atmosphere that pervaded the crowd of nearly one hundred thousand people became more and more obvious.

Countless people who kept their head hung low, suddenly gritted their teeth and clenched their fists tightly until their knuckles were white.

The fury and sadness in the eyes of the crowd was more evident.

Devouring Heaven Demon General took on a sudden change of expression, violent evil spirit diffusing out from his body.

He cast a gloomy look over and said, “Old dog, in a moment you will know what is utter misery, lets see how long your old bones can last... Execution!”

“Yes.” Chen Zhengliang bowed immediately.

Turning around, a sinister and ruthless smile formed on the traitor’s face.

“Go, first cut that old thing’s tongue off!” Chen Zhangliang directed at the black-moled lackey next to him.

“Hehe, watch me.” The black moled lackey, who was finally given a rare opportunity to show off was overjoyed.

He gave an evil grin, then took out the ox-ear blade that he had prepared earlier, moving closer to the old man, directing the reflected sword light at the old man's face, and then grabbed the old man's hair and plunged the dagger right into his chest.

The old man did not fight back.

There was a small commotion in the crowd below, and many of them closed their eyes and dared not directly look at the cruel scene.

Ye Qingyu's eyes flashed, and was about to make a move, when an unexpected change happened once again.

Swoosh!

A beam of dark light burst out from the crowd.

Puchi!

The light pierced the black-moled man’s chest!

It was a two-meter-long black spear, skewering through the black blotches lackey’s body, and continued through another lackey, like a sweet skewer…

Boom!

The spear finally stabbed into a boulder at the back of the execution platform.

The spear body penetrated half a meter into the boulder.

The two lackeys were nailed to the boulder.

“I... pff...” It wasn't until now that the black-moled lackey took on a look of shock, as though unable to understand what had just happened.

He spurted out a mouthful of blood and subconsciously looked down at his chest, only to see a black spear pierced through his body., Only after did he finally react. Immediately, there was panic and despair across his face, and a low roar began at his throat. But his voice would not come forth and the next moment that evil- and hideous-looking head dropped to the ground.

“Huh?”

Ye Qingyu was slightly astonished.

What just happened?

Someone had made a move before him?

Who was it?

While he was puzzling over what happened, the crowd finally reacted. The sudden assassination and the splash of blood made many ordinary people scream out sharply. Everywhere were startled cries, and the crowd also could not hold back from creating a disturbance on the public square. Some people shrieked, some frantically stepped back, and some were rooted to the spot with fear.

The next moment——

Swoosh swoosh swoosh!

Dozens of dark shadows shuttled through the crowd like flashes of lightning, and instantaneously descended on the execution platform.

“Kill!”

“First save the people.”

“Quickly save Elder Zheng... I'll deal with those bastards.”

A brief, short conversation sounded from several people.

They landed on the execution platform, moving rapidly and with a clear division of labour, and immediately launched the rescue operation. It was evidently well planned beforehand.

The execution platform immediately turned into a scene of chaos.

Battlecries resounded.

While the lackeys, headed by Chen Zhenliang, were already pretty strong, but caught off guard, they still suffered heavy injuries.

The kindest man of Flowing Light City, Elder Zheng, was the first one to be saved.

“It's them!”

When Ye Qingyu saw the shadows of these people, he was slightly astonished.

The rescue team that bolted across to save the prisoners were all familiar faces that he had seen in the inn before. The leaders were the husband and wife of South Facing Inn, and the remaining more than ten people were refugees that took shelter in the South Facing Inn!

Ye Qingyu had never once thought that the people he saw in the inn were experts.

But why was it that he could not see through their martial arts cultivation level?

It really was strange.

On the execution platform.

The gentle pale-faced boss, at this moment, seemed to have changed into another person, being shrouded in a fierce killing intent.

He was clasping a writing brush in one hand, that under the activation of yuan qi, flickered, and the originally half-a-foot brush enlarged several times, to at least one meter long and to the thickness of an arm.

A dangerous aura emanated from the one-meter-long brush.

The spear-like brush could create paintings, the specks of ink in a split second had sent five or six traitor soldiers collapsing as blood spurted from their mouth.

“Light Ink Becomes the Soul of a Thousand Beasts!”

With a clear roar, the innkeeper waved his giant brush about in the air.

His moves were incredibly strange and impressive at the same time. As though the air was a canvas, in the blink of the eye, ten vivid and life-like ink-coloured beasts emerged in the sky.

“Go!” The innkeeper thrust his palm out.

The ink-coloured beast glowed, instantly coming to life, and darting over to the human lackeys and Demon Race soldiers on the execution platform that were guarding the prisoner carts

The execution platform fell into chaos again.

In the blink of the eye, dozens of traitors and soldiers were killed, their screams reverberating across the stage.

“Stop them!!!”

Chan Zhengliang, seeing that the situation did not look too good, cried out in distress.

Among all the traitor lackeys, he was the strongest. With the wave of his right hand, he drew a silver flexible sword from the jade belt at his waist.

The silver flexible sword was like a spiritual snake dancing in the air, the sword intent that filled the air and the cold killing intent had closed in on the innkeeper.

The innkeeper burst out laughing, swinging the giant brush in the air to deflect Chen Zhenliang’s attack.

In the chaos, the young and beautiful lady boss attracted the most attention.

Her strength was not at all inferior to the young innkeeper, her fair, jade-like hand lifted into the air in an extremely graceful motion, then flipped over to pull a simple, silver hairpin from her hair bun. Swaying in the wind, the hairpin erupted in a blaze of light as it transformed into a glowing icy-cold sword.

“Kill!” The soft yell was as beautiful sounding as jade plates struck against each other. The green sword was like a spiritual snake dancing in the void.

Sword intent spread unhindered across the air, ending all lives.

Wherever the sword qi passed by, countless willow leaf-like green yuan qi blades were left behind in the void, shooting toward the ten prisoners chained to the execution platform.

The next moment, the light blue-green yuan qi blades effortlessly hacked the chain like cutting through tofu.

Another martial artist darted over, immediately supporting the prisoners up.

Below the platform.

Ye Qingyu's mood was suddenly elevated.

The Human Race no longer had to keep their heads low.

Along the way, he had seen too many repulsive sights, too many hideous faces, but then in this world there were, after all, courageous and kind people, such as Elder Zheng, such as the innkeeper and his wife and the others. When the earth is shrouded in darkness, there will always be some people that will adhere to their principles and the bottom line. Even if their strength was not enough, even if they were like moths flying into a flame, they still bravely and with no thought for their own safety sent out a warm glow, was that not right?

Ye Qingyu's heavy heart these days was suddenly lifted.

During the chaos, and as all eyes and attention were drawn to the execution platform, something unexpected happened again.

Boom!

From the square-shaped formation of prisoner carts at the side of the execution platform came a sudden explosion!

A strong man chained to the formation chain, suddenly broke free with a burst of tyrannical blade qi.

In this moment, a golden blade light broke out from the body of the strong man, like a peerless sword, and all over his body was an incomparably piercing sharp aura being emitted. And with a clear and thunderous roar, beams of matchless blade qi resembling streams of flowing light came shooting out at all directions, extremely fast.

“Ah...”

“No!”

“Pff!”

Miserable shrieks sounded.

The demon elites that were guarding the prisoner carts had never thought that the powerful formation chains that were enough to trap Heaven Ascension experts would shatter like that. Caught off guard, the dozens of demon soldiers were instantly split into fragments of corpses, demonic blood splattered and dropped to the ground like wheats under the sickle of a farmer.

“You...” The demon elite captain’s strength was slightly stronger, and just able to block the attack.

But before he could say anything, a yuan qi sword had severed him into two at the waist.

The blade was too fast.

The feeling of pain was not even felt.

He finally saw the true face of the attacker, as if he had just seen a ghost.

Scar-faced Jin.

This skillful attacker that had blade light enveloped all over his body was unexpectedly the butcher treated as a resister and locked up as a result from defending the old man, Scar-faced Jin!

No one would have thought that the butcher that did not reveal the slightest yuan qi, after a sudden change, had become a skillful sword expert.

It was an assassination.

In a state of confusion, the officers still could not understood what had just happened.

“Rescue them.”

Scar-faced Jin thundered.

The look of his eyes was resolute and calm, and as he swung out the yuan qi sword, its sword qi moved right through unhindered, instantly beheading dozens of demon guards.

Out of the blue, the demon soldiers that guarded the prisoner carts were in turmoil.

Especially after the captain of the army was killed, the remaining demon spider soldiers went blank and came to a halt.

The more elite the soldiers, the more they required command and directions; this sort of response was rooted deep in their blood and bones.

As the Demon Spider Race were blank and confused, from the increasingly chaotic crowd, there was another group of lightning-like shadows darting toward the prisoner carts. After a brief series of onslaught, almost in the shortest time possible, the Demon Spider elite soldiers guarding the prisoner carts were all killed.

The entire course of events was too much for the eyes to take in.

Ye Qingyu turned his head to look to this side.

At first glance, he was greatly astonished.

Because he had never once thought that the people who took the lead to break through the prisoner carts in cooperation with Scar-faced Jin, were also acquaintances——

The crippled old man and the blind girl!

During the two times that Ye Qingyu visited Flowing Light City, he had seen this father and daughter in the inn, and did not find the slightest fluctuation of martial artist yuan qi, nor felt that the pitiful father and daughter, who sang for a living, were martial experts.

But now, everything was overturned.

In the distance.

The crippled old man's originally weak body soared to the sky, his imposing manner was piercing sharp like that of a fierce beast.

The mahogany fiddle in his hand exuded a faint halo of light. He strummed the strings with his left hand, and gently pulled the bow with his right. The strings slightly quivered, and a silent sound wave came crashing towards the demon soldiers guarding the prisoners like a monstrous wave.

The sound waves were carrying a mysterious and strange power. Where it passed, the Demon Spider soldiers felt a buzz ringing in their ears, uneasy, and the confusion in their eyes was increasingly obvious.

And the blind girl who was like a kitten curled up in her father's arms yesterday, still with a dirty face as before, as if a layer of ash was across her face, and her eyes were still big and lifeless. Wisps of grey mist emerged from the bottom of her eyes, and at the same time, the aroma of the palm-sized apricot blossom pattern sachet in her hand was growing more intense than before.

The girl gently loosened the threads on the sachet, a hint of apricot mist slowly gushed out from the sachet.

Her slender little hand gently fanned a few times in the void, and the faint apricot-coloured mist wafted in the direction of the demon army.

As the faint apricot-coloured mist drifted to the Demon Spider soldiers, their movement also slowed.

The group of Demon Spider soldiers was both frightened and shocked at the same time, their limbs gradually paralyzed, and eventually they lost control of their body.

As for the thirtyodd human experts, they were more and more courageous as the battle progressed, like entering into a place where there was no one! Charging straight ahead with irresistible force, they broke up the formation of the Demon Spider soldiers in less than a few seconds.

In a twinkling, the imprisoned heroes were almost all rescued.

Things went very well.

……

On the observatory platform.

Devouring Heaven Demon General was sitting quietly and calmly.

Whether it was the black-moled lackey kicked flying, the innkeeper and other people charging onto the execution platform, or even Scar-faced Jin rose up in revolt and coordinated with the father and daughter to almost wipe out the demon spider soldiers that were guarding the prisoner carts and rescued the people inside, this commander of the Devouring Heaven Camp had not displayed the slightest panic or anger.

He narrowed his eyes.

Within the scarlet pupils was a faint mocking expression flickering.

He slightly curved his mouth, full of a merciless intent.

In fact, not only the Devouring Heaven Demon General, even the deputy general next to him, as well as the strange white-clothed twins all had not responded with any action.

As if everything that happened on the field had nothing to do with them.

They stood quietly, like a group of passers-by watching a play.

……

On the public plaza.

The almost one hundred thousand people that had fallen into chaos.

Ye Qingyu finally recovered from his initial shock.

Right away, he noticed the strange stillness of the experts of the Demon Spider Race.

It was absolutely not a normal scene.

Hu Bugui also furrowed his brows in puzzlement.

The two people exchanged a glance, shaking their head at the same time, and held back their plan to attack.

Because they sensed that the matter today was not as simple as it looked on the surface.

The Demon Spider Race must have a backup plan.

……

On the execution platform.

The innkeeper and his wife and the other companions had saved all the people dragged onto the execution platform and completely wiped out the henchmen that rushed over to stop them, only Chen Zhengliang luckily survived. However, he had sustained an injury to his abdomen, blood dyed his robe red, frightened out of his senses and did not dare to fight again. He turned and bolted to the Devouring Heaven Demon General...

“General, save me!”

Chen Zhengliag like a stray dog, crawled over to where the Devouring Heaven Demon General sat to beg for help.

The innkeeper did not try to catch up. Instead, he swung his foot and kicked up a truncated sword on the ground, sending it flying toward Chen Zhengliang’s back.

But Zheng Zhengliang evaded and bolted faster than before.

“Don't chase a cornered enemy, it’s more important to save the people,” the beautiful lady owner reminded in a low voice.

The innkeeper stopped his steps when he heard this, glanced over at the Devouring Heaven Demon General in the distance, a trace of fear flickering in his eyes, and finally gave up chasing after Chen Zhengliang. “We let that bastard off too lightly... Xiaoge, send a signal, tell the brothers outside to attack, cover us to bring people out.”

The beautiful lady boss nodded, taking out an object from her bosom to throw into the sky.

Swoosh!

Flowing light filled the sky

The dim void where snow was swirling in the air was suddenly lit up.

The next second.

Boom!

In the southern side of the public plaza was a violent force erupting.

An earthquake-like shaking began at the public plaza.

And then, just thousands of meters away, a team of Demon Spider soldiers in the most south of the square was exploded away. A gap suddenly opened up at the edge of the heavily guarded square, and then, hundreds of human experts, all in the same armour, came charging in from the outside, launching into battle with the Demon Spider experts...

“Go!”

The innkeeper thundered, leading the people toward the crowd on the plaza.

On the other side.

The father-daughter pair also led the rest of the people, while defending the heroes, towards the south of the public square.

“It's our Human Race, get out of the way, save these heroes.”

Scar-faced Jin roared.

His voice, like a clap of thunder, resounded across the void.

The hundreds of thousands of people on the public square, who seemed confused, upon hearing such a roar, hurriedly stepped back, separating out a long path that led to the south of the square.

“Run!”

The innkeeper and the others rose with force and spirit.

A group of people was about to charge.

When at this time——

“Kekekeke... you want to leave like that?”

An incomparably grim voice sounded from the higher observatory platform.

The Devouring Heaven Demon General who was sitting on the higher observatory platform, expressionless all along, finally slowly stood up, his mouth curving with a contempt and cruel smile.

Before the voice faded.

WoWoWo——！

The bugle horn rang like a long howl from an ancient beast.

In the void, suddenly there were dark red ripples flashing, and the four deputy generals standing at Devouring Heaven Demon General’s side had come to the air hundred meters away from the ground, divided into four positions. There was a terrifying peak Heaven Ascension stage aura surging from their bodies, like four ancient unscalable mountains, crushing the air, and a dark red demonic patterned net, like a ferocious demon snake, began to spread from under their feet, almost covering the upper void of the whole square...

“Damn, it, it’s the [Spider Silk Soul Destroying Net]!”

The innkeeper, upon seeing this scene, immediately cried out in surprise.

“Quickly run, don't get caught in this formation, otherwise no one will be able to escape.” Scar-faced Jin also had a sudden huge change of expression, his eyes revealing his annoyance.

The martial artists that came to the rescue were all quite strong, the lowest was in the Bitter Sea boundary. Their movements and action were already very rapid, coming and going like the wind, but the nearly hundred people that they saved all had their cultivation sealed, seriously injured, and moved with inconvenience. As a result it was really difficult to bring them along.

But——

Rumble!

Another series of cannon shots like an invitation from death sounded.

The vibration around was like thunder rumbling. Looking at the ruins in the distance beyond the public square, huge demon beasts emerged one by one, Demon Spider Race cavalries like a black current engulfed over and the ground was also quaking. Suddenly, this black cavalry tide had surrounded the huge square once again. Whether it was the former Demon Spider elite soldiers or the rescue team, they were all surrounded.

The situation, at this moment, had taken an abrupt turn.

“Hahaha, a bunch of stupid things, actually want to save people in the hands of my Devouring Heaven camp?”

The Devouring Heaven Demon General’s icy cold voice, like that of the god of death, echoed between heaven and earth.

ClangClangClang！

The Demon Spider cavalries that surrounded the periphery were numerous and close together like a black current. The huge ferocious demon beasts on horses and the tall Demon Spider cavalries heavily struck their shields with their spears, and the tens of thousands of clanging metal combined into one, like a raging tide, sent chills down one’s spine.

The innkeeper and others also all had a change of countenance.

Their plan was already considered very secretive.

Including Scar-faced Jin’s cover, the backup support were all thought about.

But they did not expect the Demon Spider Race, as though had already predicted all this, would make such preparations.

Gazing at the [Spider Silk Soul Destroying Net] formation about to close, everyone was burning with anxiety, and frantically rushed towards the periphery.

But the Demon Spider army's counterattack also, at this moment, finally descended.

Hundreds of black figures, like lightning descended from the demonic clouds in the sky, blocked the inn owner and other people’s way.

Black-coloured armours and steel blades.

These were the elites of the Demon Spider Race army, the real elites selected from thousands.

Their swords were unsheathed.

Their blades flashed like lightning.

The rescuer experts immediately felt an enormous pressure.

This had undoubtedly made the situation more hopeless.

If they wanted to run again, they will be blocked by these elite soldiers and won't be able to escape.

“Quickly run, ignore us...” Elder Zheng anxiously yelled out.

Some of the other rescued people were beginning to struggle too.

“Brothers, go, leave us old and weak, even if we escape, we are crippled, you shouldn't have come to save us.”

“Uncle, my meridians have been crippled, it’s useless... Mother and father are dead, I also cannot live, I cannot be a burden to you, let me die, hurry leave.” The child that said the Human Race does not give in shouted loudly, knocking into a boulder but was dragged back by Scar-faced Jin.

“Today we came to save you, we will all survive together, if we cannot save you guys, then we will die together.” Scar-faced Jin laughed heartily, looking at the other companions around, and said in a more heroic voice, “Brothers, give our lives for righteousness today, even if we die under a sword, we leave the  sweet fragrance of chivalry! Kill!”

The blade light soared, charging into the enemy, in order to open up a path.

“Capture the leader first in order to capture all the followers!”

The innkeeper roared, unexpectedly turned around, turning into a stream of flowing light and charged toward the direction of the Devouring Heaven Demon General.

“That’s right, we will cover for you, Scar-faced Jin, take everyone and leave.” The crippled old man understood the innkeeper’s intention, he turned his erhu and strummed the strings, transforming into a stream of flowing light and darted toward Devouring Heaven Demon General.

The young and beautiful lady boss and the blind woman followed closely behind.

If they could kill the Devouring Heaven Demon General, or just seriously wound him, that would throw the Demon Spider army into chaos and may give everyone a chance to survive.

But——

“Reckless!”

Devouring Heaven Demon General wore a contemptuous look on his face, raised his hand, and then pulled out an evil-spirit-emitting blade in a backhand motion.

The blade flashed.

He administered a vertical strike across the air.

A black demonic qi came gushing out the blade with earth-shattering force.

Boom!

In the midst of the deafening noise, a terrifying yuan qi power burst forth.

The pupils of the innkeeper and the other three people were suddenly dilated.

After a roar, an ink-coloured demon beast was scattered in the air, the brush in the innkeeper’s hand began to crack, the blue-green dragon restored to its real form of a green hairpin broken into two, the silver sword qi was dispersed by the demonic qi, the crippled old man’s erhu strings snapped, the apricot blossoms withered, turning into ashes, and the apricot embroidery on the blind girl's sachet also suddenly faded.

High up in the air, the life weapons of the innkeeper and other three people were completely destroyed, and their bodies also suffered an impact, falling from the sky like a kite!

It was just a blow, but it destroyed all obstacles in its way.

The innkeeper and the other three were instantly defeated, sent flying back into the crowd.

“Mister...” someone exclaimed, hurrying over to help them.

The Devouring Heaven Demon General stood firmly on the platform, with no intention of giving chase.

Clang.

And even sheathed his blade.

“Bring them alive, I want to kill them each slowly, so that all the people know what the result would be for those that go against my Demon Spider Race.”

A voice, cold as the words from death, burst out from the mouth of the commander of Devouring Heaven camp.

At this moment, the temperature around the huge square plummeted.

Under the attack of hundreds of Demon Spider elites, the innkeeper and the other people were constantly being compressed. Never mind counterattacking, even defending themselves became incredibly difficult.

The atmosphere was more and more hopeless.

On the Devouring Heaven Demon General’s face, there was a cruel and ferocious smile blossoming.

He was like a fisherman overflowing with a murderous intent, as he was slowly collecting the nets, he already began to think about how to slaughter the fishes in the net.

But at this time, there was another change.

All of a sudden!

The spaces around the Devouring Heaven Demon General began to twist, and a beam of icy cold light as swift as a sudden clap of thunder penetrated his chest!

His expression took on an abrupt change, and in the midst of a muffled noise, a jet of blood spurted from his chest.

“How dare you to plot against me... you, get the hell out.”

Infuriated, there was an ominous glint in the Devouring Heaven Demon General’s eyes, the demonic flame in his palm soared, making a grabbing motion in the air.

Che！

There was a muffled sound in the void.

The next moment, where Devouring Heaven Demon General’s palm was in the void, a figure gradually grew clearer.



The crowd gasped in disbelief.

“It’s him!” ”

“How would it be him!”

“It's Chen Zhengliang!”

“Is he not a lackey of the Demon Spider Race, why would he assassinate the Demon Spider Race?”

The one held in the hand of Devouring Heaven Demon General was the defeated lackey Chen Zhengliang!

Devouring Heaven Demon Generals’ tremendous hand was wrapped around the head of Chen Zhengliang, a look of astonishment across his face.

He did not think that the one who launched a sneak attack on him was this cowardly trash.

“So it’s you!”

In the Devouring Heaven Demon General’s eyes was a terrifying scarlet flame flashing, evidently enraged. His chest shook, an invisible demon flame yuan qi screeched, and the faint chill-emitting dagger was slowly forced out from the wound.

Klang！

The dagger tainted with the Devouring Heaven Demon General’s blood dropped to the ground, and in the blink of an eye corroded into a pool of molten iron.

The chest area of the black armour was left with a hole the size of a date.

“Very good, I am beginning to appreciate you, so you have been abasing yourself just for this moment? Keke, unfortunately, your strength is not good enough, even if it was a sneak attack, you still can’t kill me... Keke, however, I have not been injured for a long time, you are the first human to wound me in this hundred years,” Devouring Heaven Demon General said coldly.

Chen Zhengliang’s head was fully restrained, and with the slightest force, Devouring Heaven Demon General could easily crush his head, and destroy his consciousness.

But his face was without a trace of panic and fear.

But there was just a tinge of regret.

“It's a pity I can’t kill you,” Chen Zhengliang said in an incomparably regretful tone of voice. “And that I also cannot save my brothers and sisters!”

“Hahaha, kill me? Just you alone?” The Devouring Heaven Demon General’s fingers were slowly tightening, Chen Zhengliang’s neck was gradually being distorted and his complexion began to turn blue. The Devouring Heaven Demon General’s hand was pointing to below the execution platform. “Just with these defeated people?”

As he was speaking, his line of sight shifted to the southern direction where the ruins of the City Lord’s residence was.

There, the hundreds of experts that came to help were all surrounded by Demon Spider elites. If it was not for the fact that the ruthless Devouring Heaven Demon General wanted to torture before killing them, these nearly hundred people would have been wiped out.

He laughed scornfully, looking down at the distorted head of Chen Zhengliang that was about to be crush and asked coldly, “Or the group idiots in the southern direction?”

When Chen Zhengliang heard these words he looked to the south, gently closing his eyes.

He had evidently accepted such a fate.

“The Human Race is in peril, I die for a good cause, I have no regrets. One day, a saint of the Human Race will quell the evil of the world!”

Devouring Heaven Demon General burst out laughing when he heard what was said, like hearing the most unbelievable joke, “Haha, the saint of the Human Race? The saint of the Human Race again? What a huge joke! It is as easy for me to kill you as crushing an ant. A small ant unexpectedly imagines the wildest things. Let me send you on your road, to find that the Human Race saint in the afterworld!”

After these words, the Devouring Heaven General slowly applied force to his hand.

Chen Zhengliang silently trembled with pain.

In a distant place.

Upon seeing this scene, the eyes of the innkeeper and others were cracking.

“Brother Zhengliang...” The innkeeper roared in anger, but could not do anything.

Only a few of them were aware of Chen Zhengliang’s true identity.

This chess piece was placed early on when the city was breached.

The combined attack of the Innkeeper and the others before was just a cover, the real attacker was Chen Zhengliang.

As long as Chen Zhengliang was able to kill or heavily wound the Devouring Heaven Demon General, there will be a turning point and hope in today's matter.

It's just that...

What a pity.

They were defeated when victory was within reach.

Chen Zhengliang heaved a long sigh, “Brother Ling, I am sorry... hahahahaha. I have the mind to kill villains, but lack strength to reverse the situation. How? How?”

With that, he shut his eyes and awaited death.

“Heavens, the masters of my Human Race, where are they, why have they not appeared.” The Innkeeper known as Brother Ling, watching his brother about to be killed tragically while they had not been able to rescue the hundreds of heroes, he finally could not help the tears coursing down his face and let out a long sigh facing the sky, “Blood is flowing like a river, why has the Human Race saint not appeared? Why does a great man of the Human Race have to die like this...”

“Could this really be the death of Flowing Light City?” Elder Zheng also had tears coursing down his cheeks.

Despair.

Immense despair surrounded them all.

“Haha...” Upon seeing this scene, Devouring Heaven Demon General had greatly satisfied his abnormal mentality, wildly laughed, “The saint of the Human Race? He is dead. Haha, now Clear River Domain already belongs to the Demon Spider Race. Even if the Human Race saint appears, he will be killed like an ant, hahahaha!”

Before his voice faded.

“Is that right? A little spider dares insult the saints, you really do not know the immensity of heaven and earth.”

A piercing voice suddenly sounded without warning.

The voice was not loud, but was filled with a mysterious force that easily drowned the laughter of the Devouring Heaven Demon General, so that everyone in this huge chaotic square could hear it clearly.

The blood-coloured pupils of the Devouring Heaven Demon General were suddenly shrinking.

The innkeeper and the others below were also astonished.

Before there was a response.

Swoosh.

A lightning-like figure shot out of the crowd.

In a flash, the figure came to before the Devouring Heaven Demon General, throwing a thunderous punch.

“What?”

Devouring Heaven Demon General’s complexion wildly changed, when he felt that this punch contained an indefensible force. Before the fist shadow had arrived, a tyrannical force had already made him feel suffocated.

It was too fast and too strong.

Caught off guard, the Devouring Heaven Demon General could not evade in time and was unable to draw his sword.

One hand wrapped around Chen Zhengliang’s head, he could only punch and fight back with his other hand.

Boom boom boom!

Lights flashed, and in the twinkle of an eye, innumerable punches were thrown out.

Like the wrath of heaven, qi spread to everywhere, and the surrounding Demon Spider Race experts were sent flying while vomiting blood. Devouring Heaven Demon General only felt his wrist going numb and could not even see the opponent's face. He did not give any other reaction, but could only instinctively continue to punch out, wanting to curb the opponent’s endless fist force.

At the same time, he was frantically retreating and wanting to pull away.

But everything was futile.

This moment of danger and crisis made Devouring Heaven Demon General feel as if he was drawn into the eye of the storm. He could only punch out and retreat further and further.

Under his opponent’s mad attacks, he didn't even have time to pull back his hand that was holding Chen Zhengliang.

This was absolutely his first time seeing this sort of frightening pressure.

The unending and uninterrupted fist force that was like the setting sun on a long river was too oppressive, that Devouring Heaven Demon General almost suffocated, and even his sight blurred.

The tremendous pressure made his mind go blank, and he even lost the ability to think.

All the reactions of his body at this moment were the instincts of an Immortal Step expert.

It was unknown when those flash flood-like punches opposite finally stopped.

The Devouring Heaven Demon General, with great difficulty, opened his mouth. He had lost count of how many steps he had moved back, and felt as though even his consciousness were shattered in his body, and that his body seemed to not belong to him.

The crowd that stared in stunned silence suddenly broke into exclamations.

Red Devil Captain suddenly sharply screamed like he had seen a ghost, “General, your arm...”

Devouring Heaven Demon General subconsciously looked toward his left arm.

The left arm was missing.

The left arm that was holding the head of Chen Zhengliang, the one that could decide the fate of the Human Race with one thought, had unexpectedly been severed from the shoulder.。

A layer of pale silver frost was diffusing from the fractured place, so there was not the slightest pain.

Indescribable shock and fear submerged the Devouring Heaven Demon General.

He shook his head, sight gradually restored to normal, and looked up.

Opposite.

In the air ten meters away from the ground.

A slightly fat body stood in the air.

The man’s hand was holding Chen Zhengliang by the shoulder, the other hand carrying a severed arm.

The Devouring Heaven Demon General’s arm was severed——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 584:


Chapter 603, Completely useless things

For a moment, everyone fell silent.

Even those civilians, who did not understand martial arts, also sensed the strange atmosphere at this moment.

In particular, the scene of the chubby figure carrying the severed arm of Devouring Heaven Demon General had already explained many things.

An invisible strange atmosphere pervaded the grand public square.

“You...” Devouring Heaven Demon General tried to stabilize himself, there was still an inward astonished feeling as if his soul has flown skywards. “Who? Who are you?”

He fixed his eyes on the slightly chubby figure in the void, the shock in his heart like a stormy sea, unable to calm down.

The frightening feeling in that moment of exchanging attacks was the most terrifying pressure that he had ever felt ever since taking over the Devouring Heaven Camp. The endless power of the punch that was like a great river bursting its banks, simply terrifying. Even when facing the Prince, he had never felt such pressure. But in that very short time, for Devouring Heaven Demon General, it felt like he was a tattered little boat on the ocean during a storm, something that may be drowned from powerful waves at any time.

It wasn’t only the Devouring Heaven Demon General who was shocked.

The other Demon Spider experts all had wildly changing expressions across their faces.

All of the Demon Spider experts looked up to the void where the slightly chubby figure was. They could not imagine that this ugly person was able to completely suppress the Devouring Heaven Camp's commander, sever his arm, and effortlessly rescue the human spy who was certain to die.

At that moment, countless eyes were concentrated on the body of Ye Qingyu.

“Who the hell are you?” The Devouring Heaven Demon General gradually recovered from his surprise, saying each word in both shock and anger.

In the void.

Ye Qingyu’s expression was indifferent and contemptuous.

“Oh, me?” He applied a slight force to his right hand, instantly turning the severed arm of the Devouring Heaven Demon General into chunks of ice, rolling into the soil, and said in a calm voice that contained a piercing coldness, “I am one of the lowly stupid humans that you said is unworthy to live in this world. What, I didn't cut off your eyes, can you not see?”

The Devouring Heaven Demon General, stumped for words, became increasingly furious.

“From your strength and cultivation, you certainly are not a nameless nobody. You must be well known in Clear River Domain, why would you actually sneak an attack on me? Why don't you announce your name first.”

Opposite.

“Hahahaha...” Ye Qingyu, as though he had heard a great joke, burst into wild laughter that rumbled like thunder, resounding across the void and ringing in the ears of everyone. “Sneak attack? You can say that... Well, now I won't sneak up on you, I’ll give you the chance of a fair battle. Come, with your strongest strength, ready to defend yourself. See if you can receive three of my attacks.”

As he was speaking, incomparable confidence was surging.

From other people, such words would sound more than self-confidence, it was simply incomparable arrogance.

The chubby man that suddenly appeared was evidently looking down on the Devouring Heaven Demon General.

For a moment, the Demon Spider experts immediately sensed an invisible pressure that suddenly made their hearts become heavy.

The innkeeper, the father and daughter, and the others looked at the chubby man in the sky, simply overjoyed.

The force of the punch was like a bolt of thunder in the ninth heavens and the chubby man was like the world’s saviour to the people that had been trapped in this hopeless situation. It was like they had been rescued from a desperate situation, almost like a traveller lost in a burning desert and nearly died of thirst finally had found an oasis, finally saw hope of living.

And this joy was not just because they can continue to live.

But more that they finally saw the real expert of the Human Race appearing, saw that there was an expert of the Human Race that could crush a General of the Demon Spider Race.

This proved that the Human Race was still strong.

This defended the dignity of the entire Human Race.

This... signified light.

And the emergence of light, for the entire Human Race of Clear River Domain, was obviously more important than a few people being able to survive.

Opposite.

Devouring Heaven Demon General was madly raging in the sky.

“Humans, you will pay for your arrogance.”

He slowly floated to the void, his whole body shrouded in a red dried-blood-like flames, and the weak silver frost around his severed arm was instantaneously dispelled. In the midst of cracking and rumbling noises, flesh was growing rapidly from the wound of the severed arm, bones were constantly extending out, and a new arm just as before was formed in a flash.

Clang!

The blade hung at his waist was unsheathed.

“I will chop off your head to use as a urinal.” The flames of qi rose sharply around his body and adjusted to the best state.

For experts like them, a damaged limb was nothing, with one thought it could be restored to as before using a little blood and qi. As long as one’s consciousness was unaffected, even if heart had ruptured, the head smashed to pieces, all can be restored.

This time, the Devouring Heaven Demon General would absolutely not give his opponent the chance to release that kind of earth-shattering punch.

“Stubborn. Fine, I will send you to die.” Ye Qingyu gave a faint smile, throwing Chen Zhengliang over to the inn boss and others.

The innkeeper and other people hurriedly reached out to catch Chen Zhengliang.

“Brother Chen...” The beautiful lady boss said, “Are you all right?”

Everyone was afraid that the Devouring Heaven Demon General had left some sort of secret technique on Chen Zhengliang as a defense.

After all, the Demon Spider Race was known to be ruthless across the entire Clear River Domain.

“I'm all right!” Chen Zhengliang stood up, before expressing his thanks to the people around, he hurriedly looked back at the sky and shouted, “Thank you senior, for saving me, be careful, Devouring Heaven Demon General has reached the Immortal Step boundary, and the blade in his hand is a divine weapon, it is extremely powerful...”

From the days of being undercover in the Demon Race, he had learnt many things and was very clear of the terror of the Devouring Heaven Camp.

So he loudly reminded in the first moments, for fear that the Human Race experts would be at a disadvantage.

Finally, a Human Race expert had come. If anything happened to him, then that light of hope that was just lit would also be extinguished.

They must not let anything happen to him.

In the air.

Ye Qingyu burst into loud laughter, showing undisguised conceited manners.

“A small spider that is not even considered an animal, but just a little insect. Hehe, so what if he’s wielding a divine weapon, to kill him is as simple as killing a chicken.”

Before his voice faded.

Ye Qingyu acted.

His body flashed, like a beam of light shooting across a distance of hundred meters in an instant, blasting out another punch.

The force of the punch was like thunder.

“Arrogant!” Devouring Heaven Demon General roared.

Being despised continuously had pushed him into a thundering rage.

For nearly five hundred years, he was a promising talent of the Demon Spider Race. Although he did not possess royal blood, but his strength was strong enough to be on equal an level with the Prince’s, or else he would not have become the commander of one of the four corps’ of the Demon Spider Race, the Devouring Heaven Camp. The ink patterned steel blade that Chen Zhengliang called a divine weapon was raging with demonic qi in his hands, producing countless Demon Spider Race rune markings, like a giant cobweb that blotted out the sky, facing the fist seal opposite, and launched a killing attack.

“[Motionless Demon Pattern Attack]! Kill for me!” the Devouring Heaven Demon General thundered.

Right away, he launched his most powerful attack.

This move, whether it was in demonic qi, weapon, skill, implication, or refined state, were all the most powerful states of the Devouring Heaven Demon General.

It could even be said to be the strongest attack he had ever made.

The arrogance and provocation of the opponent had triggered the hidden capability of the Devouring Heaven Demon General.

He was full of absolute confidence with this [Motionless Demon Pattern Attack].

The next moment------

Boom!

The divine ink demon blade struck the fist without any showy display.

A deafening burst of noise shot in all directions.

“Tear apart!” Devouring Heaven Demon General howled.

The terrifying demonic flame and qi current, and even the light rays, were distorted under the collision of this force, and cracks were spreading across the space wall barrier.

However-----

“Weak, too weak... disappointing, this is the so-called divine weapon of the Demon Race?”

The scornful voice sounded again.

Then what followed was an extremely strange sharp noise of metal fracturing.

Before Devouring Heaven Demon General could understand what had happened, he only felt a gush of overpowering force coming head-on. Unable to hold the divine blade in his hand any longer, his chest shaking, a sweet taste at his throat, he spurted out a mouthful of demon blood. He seemed like a fallen meteor, with a loud boom, he mercilessly smashed into and collapsed the giant observatory platform. A huge bottomless pit was formed among the solid ruins of the City Lord’s residence...

Dust and smoke were whipped up like a cloud of lead ashes.

The terrifying force made the entire huge square almost enveloped in soaring dust.

The aftermath of the eruption of power between the two great experts diffused rapidly, as though it was a battle between Fiendgods.

All of the people halted their movements.

Not only did the battles around the execution platform stop, but the fighting in the far south between the rescuers and Demon Spider cavalry also stopped.

Everyone knew that the battles between them had lost their meaning.

The outcome of the battle between the strongest would be the ultimate struggle that decided everyone’s fate.

Whether it was the Demon Spider Race or the Human Race, almost all were watching with bated breath.

The aftermath gradually eliminated.

The dust gradually settled.

The vast majority of lines of sight first fell in the direction where the observatory platform was, where it had become a huge deep pit. No one knew how deep the pit was, but it was obvious that Devouring Heaven Demon General was in a very bad state, because vaguely, furious yet powerless groans could be heard from the pit...

When all living creatures shifted their sights again.

In the air.

That chubby figure still had not moved, like a towering mountain.

One of his hands had undergone a strange change, covered with a layer of pale silvery scales, like a dragon's claw.

And the demonic blade that Chen Zhengliang called a divine weapon, at this time, was held down by a dragon claw, the blade body covered with scars, like a fragile piece of artwork.

The first to react were the innkeeper, Chen Zhengliang and other people.

Victory!

The chubby senior had won.

There was only such a thought in their minds.

With great joy and shock, they did not even make any cheering noises.

And the Demon Spider Race experts and soldiers? Their faces were twisted with unbelievable shock.

The invincible commander, one of the best and most talented of the Demon Spider Race, was defeated?

Defeated in the hands of an unprepossessing chubby man, and also defeated so easily. In one move he had lost his divine weapon, propelled to the ground, and formed a bottomless pit.

The morale of the Demon Spider Race, at this time, was madly falling.

After dozens of seconds.

A roar of rage came from the pit.

A giant Demon Spider claw suddenly stretched out from the deep pit, and then another demon blood arrow spouted out like a fountain. A half-human giant spider, covered with scars, was seen struggling to climb out of the pit, emitting extremely chaotic demon flames...

Lights flashed.

The huge half-man, half-spider monster began to change, becoming humanoid.

It was the Devouring Heaven Demon General.

But his body was ridden with scars, and a clear fist hole was left on his chest. It was an extremely shocking sight.

“You... Who are you?” Devouring Heaven Demon General fumed. “There isn't such a strong expert in Clear River Domain, you... are you the Master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect in disguise?”

He could not accept the fact that he had been defeated and severely wounded by a nobody.

Opposite,

In the air.

Ye Qingyu’s eyes were full of contempt and scorn.

“Talents of the Human Race come forth in large numbers, the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors were unrivalled, and suppressed 3,000 domains. At that time, your Demon Spider Race ancestors had not even begun cultivation and were just brainless beasts. But now you dare act arrogantly and think highly of yourself, you really are pathetic... What, do you think that only the Master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect can defeat you? Stupid thing.” Ye Qingyu looked at him, his right hand that had transformed into a dragon claw slightly exerting force. Like squeezing soil, he, inch by inch, crushed the divine blade into fragments of iron. “Demon blade divine weapon, the commander of the corps, all are just completely useless things. If you do not have anything stronger, then my next move is going to send you to your death.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

