Chapter 493:


Chapter 513, Thank you for helping me

“Huh? This is...”

Ye Qingyu landed on the ground, looking down at one of the Demon Wind-Winged Wolf corpse.

A dark green and clear ball of light, like sheep fat, appeared in the stomach of the giant wolf, shining and glistening, and with a trace of pure and rich energy fluctuating within.

Ye Qingyu squatted down, a layer of thin frost spreading out from his fingers, his palm turning into a sharp ice blade, and slowly and cautiously peeled this jade-like object from the internal organ.

He carefully examined it on the palm of his hand. This jade ball that was half the size of his palm was more beautiful than before. The formation markings were spinning like a rotating ellipse, as though it was a nebula cyclone that had drastically shrunk. A casual glance at it could immerse one’s soul in its light.

In addition to this, from within, Ye Qingyu could sense an extremely pure energy.

“Feels like a pill medicine, contains spiritual qi, I wonder if it can be directly absorbed by martial artists, and refined as their own yuan qi?”

Ye Qingyu pondered.

At this moment——

“Hey? What are you doing? This is cousin’s loot, you dare snatch his things?” Yu Xiaoxing’s voice sounded.

The Greater One Sect disciples crept out from the stone forest and silently began to investigate the corpse of the Demon Wind-Winged Wolf, extracting the [Endowment Bone Demon Source] and peeling off its wings.

Only a few, led by Lin Yi, were standing aside awkwardly and did not touch anything.

“There are so many wolves, he can’t finish them all himself.” A Greater One Sect disciple skilfully took out the [Endowment Bone Demon Source] and stated without turning his head round.

“That’s right, so many Demon Wind-Winged Wolves have been killed, did we not contribute?” another Greater One Sect disciple said forcefully and shamelessly. “We also contributed, what is wrong with taking a little of the loot?”

“Right.”

“Those from the lower domain really are petty.”

“Haha, they don’t know anything, the things inside Clear River Domain, can be freely taken by us Greater One Sect disciples. It’s just a few wolf corpses.”

The several other disciples, too, burst out laughing, and felt that their actions were right.

“You... Do you have no sense of shame?” Yu Xiaoxing could not believe that these people were so shameless.

Ye Qingyu gently shook his head, motioning her not to say anything more.

He even didn’t peel the wolf corpse and collect the loot.

Yu Xiaoxing was also an intelligent girl. With one look at Ye Qingyu’s expression, she knew that this cousin knew what was going on. Ever since knowing Ye Qingyu at Youyan Pass, had she ever seen her cousin suffer any losses?

Ye Qingyu took out and changed into a new white robe from the storage space, wiped his hand with the ripped clothing, and stood at one side smiling, seemingly completely uninterested in the other wolves’ corpses.

The Greater One Sect disciples that feared that this lower domain barbarian would flip out, were all suddenly relieved at this sight.

They even began to whisper to each other.

“This barbarian does not want the loot?”

“Perhaps he wants to please us, after all, he’s at Clear River Domain, our territory. He probably wants to make up to us with the Demon Wind-Winged Wolf corpses?”

“Haha, that must be it, now that is funny, he thought that these Demon Wind-Winged Wolf corpse could be used as compensation for destroying our life treasure weapons?”

“The brain of a barbarian is so simple.”

“Hey, if he kneels down and kowtows to us 100 times, I might forgive him.”

“But then again, the three hundred or four hundred Demon Wind-Winged Wolf corpses are  equal to three hundred or four hundred [Endowment Bone Demon Source], which are better than the treasure weapons that we lost.”

“This account cannot be settled, us elite disciples of the Greater One Sect were beaten by a lower domain barbarian, what about our face?”

“Hey, I think you all are thinking too much, perhaps this lower domain barbarian does not know the value of the Demon Wind-Winged Wolf, haha, so he does not want them...”

“That must be it.”

A few Greater One Sect disciples chuckled lowly.

At this time only three disciples were left standing at Lin Yi’s side and did not go fight over the Demon Wind-Winged Wolf corpses. Lin Yi himself was also seemingly embarrassed at his brother’s action, and couldn’t stand watching this sight any more.

“Brother Ye,” he said in an embarrassed voice, hesitated for a moment, then braved the risk of angering his fellow disciples, and whispered, “Inside the Demon Wind-Winged Wolf corpse, there are some treasures, why don’t you take some.”

Ye Qingyu cast a surprised glance at Lin Yi.

“No hurry, let’s wait a little longer.” Ye Qingyu smiled.

Lin Yi stared at him blankly, not understanding Ye Qingyu’s meaning.

In just half an hour of time, the bodies of the Demon Wind-Winged Wolves scattered all across the ground were all stripped clean. The Greater One Sect disciples, although all had no sense of shame, but in the snatching of other people’s loot, they had reached the point of perfection. Each and every wolf corpse had been stripped clean and not the slightest valuable residue was left behind.

“It’s about time we get out of here,” Lin Yi said loudly. “The stench of blood here is too heavy, it would most likely attract other evil things.”

“That’s right.”

“Senior brother Lin is right.”

“Haha, what a good harvest, let’s go.”

The Greater One Sect disciples were all in a good mood. The atmosphere was very happy.

The group of people was ready to go.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu, who had a light smile on his face all this time, finally opened his mouth, slowly coming over, blocked the path of the crowd, and said with a smile, “Wait a minute.”

“What?”

“What’s the matter?”

“Barbarian, what do you want?”

Having had their path blocked by Ye Qingyu placed them in a bad mood.

Ye Qingyu smiled, “Thank you for helping me peel the wolf corpse, otherwise I don’t know how I could manage by myself with three hundred or four hundred Demon Wind-Winged Wolf corpses. I did not think that the disciples of Greater One Sect would be so warm-hearted. I am so grateful, haha. Since you’re done, then return the things to me.”

There were mixed reactions to this remark.

Yu Xiaoxing pursed her lips smiling with curved smiling eyes.

So cousin was waiting for this group of shameless Greater One Sect disciples, no wonder that he hasn’t said anything and did not stop them. She had almost thought that cousin really wanted to improve his relationship with them so he compensated them.

Haha, this was really Ye Qingyu’s style of handling things.

Lin Yi and the three brothers beside him had their mouth wide open in shock.

The other Greater One Sect disciples stood there dumbfounded, staring at him for a long while before they finally understood Ye Qingyu’s meaning, and their faces went red with rage.

“You... What do you mean?”

“Just... what are you saying... you... do you know what you’re doing?”

“What? Barbarian, are you going to rob us?”

“We have worked hard to peel them off... you... you want to snatch them from us, are you that shameless?”

The Greater One Sect disciples roared with indignation.

Ye Qingyu smiled, “I killed the Demon Wind-Winged Wolves, those are my loot, what rights do you have to take them? There’s no use in saying anything, obediently hand the stuff over and nothing will happen.”

“You... Even though you killed the Demon Wind-Winged Wolf, we also contributed,” someone fumed.

“Oh? You contributed?” Ye Qingyu sneered, his arms crossed, “Hiding miles away in the stone forest shivering, this is your contribution?”

“But we... we did attack, someone got hurt,” someone else shouted out.

“Hah, if I did not attack, he would have become wolf dung.” Ye Qingyu smiled coldly.

“Why should we give you anything?” One of the Greater One Sect disciples grumbled. “We helped collect them, we should have a share.”

Ye Qingyu shrugged his shoulder, saying indifferently, “Because it was me who saved you, if I did not attack, you all would have been killed by the wolves, so it’s only right that you help me peel the demon wolves.”

“You...”

All the Greater One Sect disciples were so furious that they could not say a word.

Before, they were still thinking that this barbarian had a change of personality, but now he was so ruthless. They all felt a burning pain on their face. What to improve their relationship, what compensation, what looking for peace, these were just their wishful thinking.

“I won’t hand it over, what can you do to me?” A Greater One Sect disciple gritted his teeth.

“Oh.” Ye Qingyu nodded, and suddenly lashed out backhand.

Pa!

Caught off guard, the Greater One Sect disciple’s face was struck. It sent him flying several meters backwards, lying on the ground, whining and wailing.

“If you don’t hand it over, then I’ll have to change to another way of talking to you.” Ye Qingyu shook his fist, grinning, “Until you guys obey.”

The other disciples all suddenly dropped down.

This lower domain barbarian’s way of reasoning, they had experienced it before in Heaven Wasteland Domain. It was deeply etched in their memory, and the scene of Ye Qingyu killing so many Demon Wind-Winged Wolves as though he was chopping vegetables also made them too terrified.

Even if they put aside all considerations and fought they still stand no chance against a finger of this lower domain barbarian.

Under the threat, hatred, and anger, the Greater One Sect disciples had to comply.

“You peeled off 11 of the [Endowment Bone Demon Source], where’s the other five? Taken them all out.”

“You still have 10 on you, if you do not take them out, come here and we’ll have a proper talk.”

“Only 20? I remember you took 62 altogether? Be honest, don’t test my patience.”

Ye Qingyu berated them in turn.

The faces of the disciples were green.

At first they thought they could deceive him, who knew that Ye Qingyu had a photographic memory, and remembered how many each of them took. He was observing them at one side, remembering everything clearly. There was no error at all.

There were one or two Greater One Sect disciples who would not admit it and tried to pocket the loot themselves, but after receiving a dozen of punches from Ye Qingyu, they finally answered honestly.

“Hey, thank you everyone, 430 [Endowment Bone Demon Source], no more and no less. If I did it myself, it would have taken me an entire day, haha, thank you, you are good people.”

The Greater One Sect disciples were fuming.

Their eyes were burning as they looked at Ye Qingyu, gritting their teeth, but there was nothing that they could do.

“Wait till the sect elders come, then you will spit everything back out!”

This was the thought that was on all of the Greater One Sect disciples’ mind.

At this moment, the tall and thin Huang Xin, who was standing next to Lin Yi suddenly joyously exclaimed, “The [Greater One Spirit Lamp] is lit, the elders are coming...”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 494:


Chapter 514, Undefeatable



“Really?”

“The sect elders have finally found us?”

“Haha, that’s great, we’re going to be safe.” “

The sect disciples were jumping up and down with excitement.

For them, who have been in a state of anxiety for more than a month, it had been nearly too much. These days, they had felt like they were floating on the ocean and would capsized and lose their life at any time. They had nearly collapsed.

The elders of the sect had finally found them?

The string that was drawn tight in the sect disciples’ heart could finally let go.

“Good, when the elders are here, we must make those who insulted us pay the price,” the sect disciple that Ye Qingyu slapped at the beginning said through clenched teeth with a happy and evil expression on his face.

He was staring at Ye Qingyu and laughing grimly to himself as he spoke.

What he meant, even a fool would know.

“That’s right, we must properly settle the accounts at that time, otherwise, anyone would dare to trample on our sect.”

“Hey, this is really good news.”

“Haha, that’s right, an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.”

All sect disciples were smiling upon hearing the news, looking at Ye Qingyu like they were looking at a pig to be slaughtered.

Ye Qingyu curled his lips and did not speak.

He leisurely stored the [Endowment Bone Demon Source] into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

The Ye Qingyu now had no mood to pay attention to these stupid trash.

After leaving Heaven Wasteland Domain, without the energy of the eaarth fire spirit pit, Ye Qingyu could no longer refine the [Blood Drinker Sword]. His own yuan qi was obviously far from enough to operate the copper cauldron to begin refining, but the energy contained in these [Endowment Bone Demon Source] seemed useful for this purpose.

It may be a bit of a problem to have the older generation of the sect coming.

But Ye Qingyu did not have to worry too much.

If they could not come to an agreement, they could just flee. He could bring the girl Yu Xiaoxing to hide in this world for a period of time.

Since the so-called heavenly gate training zone was this dangerous, then there would not be too many forces entering Clear River Domain, and with the several life protecting weapons on him, Ye Qingyu did not need to worry about surviving.

The only problem was the curse mark of the Demon Spider Race on him, and if he was found by the experts of the Demon Spider Race, that would be a real problem.

Ye Qingyu calmly decided to observe the situation first.

As they were speaking, the crowd of people quickly left the stone forest.

They had not walked far when, on the ground covered with wolf corpses, there were something wriggling. And then strange black finger-sized worms suddenly drilled out from nowhere, devouring the many wolf corpses and even the blood-stained soil...

If Lin Yi was here, he would be scared to death.

Because these were the legendary Demon Corpse Worms.

It is said that these worms were insects grown after the death of a demon god when their body was destroyed by the decaying power of the world. They feed on the blood and flesh of demon gods and are near immune to physical attack, pervasive, and terrifying to the extreme.

This land was undergoing a change that was not known to anyone.

……

During the day,  the sect disciples were constantly shifting their location to avoid the pursuit of the Demon Spider Race.

Along the way, they encountered many rare fierce beasts.

The most dangerous time was when they were gathering water at a waterfall pool and a few  sect disciples greedily leaped into the water to catch white spirit fish. And for some reason, they provoked a semi dragon-scaled giant Jiao [1] with a double horn.

[1] A mythical dragon with the ability to control rain and floods

This was a semi Jiao dragon, ferocious and brutal.

Ye Qingyu had exerted tremendous efforts, and fought hand to hand, only to be able to break off a dragon horn and pull out more than 10 dragon hairs. It was only then that he scared the dragon away.

In addition, he had killed all kinds of fierce beasts, strange creatures and demon species.

In the end, Ye Qingyu’s last set of clothes was torn in battle, and he had to use the skin of a Demon Wind-Winged Wolf and dragon’s hair to make a temporary nondescript robe, that draped over and covered his body.

The Ye Qingyu now, covered in blood, dressed in animal skin, was no different from a real barbarian.

Yu Xiaoxing was heartlessly laughing at one side.

She, who was born in the Imperial family, cultivated as the future Crown Prince, and possessed military and civil skills that were considered second to none in the Snow Empire. However, she surprisingly did not know anything at all about feminine arts such as needlework, and of course, could not help Ye Qingyu make clothes.

Later, the sect disciples were scared out of their wits.

The terrifying extent of the intermediate area of the heavenly gate training zone was obviously far beyond their initial expectations. The fierce beasts, demon species and strange creatures that died in the hands of Ye Qingyu all possessed the strength of Heaven Ascension boundary, especially the semi Jiao dragon. Without Ye Qingyu, they most likely would have all been eaten.

Even so, in the course of the events, there were four or five disciples that died under the claws of these beasts.

The rest of the guys that survived, at this time, had learned to behave.

Each and every one of them, as soon as they came near Ye Qingyu, began to act close and friendly with him, hoping that Ye Qingyu could protect them. Now even a fool could tell that they were lucky to have Ye Qingyu with them, otherwise they would have been completely wiped out already.

Ye Qingyu also did not bother paying any attention to them.

Now Ye Qingyu also noticed something.

These sect disciples, besides Lin Yi and a few others, were no different to a stupid pig. Although both their yuan qi and cultivation were impressive, cultivation techniques were also extremely exquisite, and they possessed powerful weapons, they had no actual combat experience and were cowardly and incompetent.

And most importantly, they obviously did not have the experience to survive in the intermediate area of the heavenly gate training zone. They were not aware of the dangers here at all. At first, they were dashing here and there like it was their back garden, stirring up some disasters. After the death of a few people, they were scared of making mistakes, every one of them like a complete rookie.

It was only after asking Lin Yi that Ye Qingyu knew that this group of people had only trained in heavenly gate training zone once or twice before, but each time it was at the beginner training area, and this was their first time at the intermediate training area.

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

The following day, they hid themselves from place to place, and mistakenly broke into the territory of some strange immemorial demon beast again. Battered and exhausted, even Ye Qingyu felt that all his bones were almost all breaking.

Several times he was almost swallowed by some of the demon creatures. Fortunately, his bones and flesh were too hard, that they could not bite through him. While some treated Ye Qingyu like a stone, directly swallowed him, and he had to fight his way out from the stomach of these giant beasts...

“Luckily I didn’t come out of the feces of these giant beasts...”

Ye Qingyu did not know what to say.

This experience was so peculiar and disturbing.

Fortunately, silly dog Little Nine was still in deep sleep in the [Cloud Top Cauldron] space, while Ximen Yeshui and Wen Wan were not present. If these people knew, they most likely would laugh their head off.

But in the following few days, Ye Qingyu’s harvest was extremely huge.

Heavenly gate training zone was a big hunting ground, where there was a variety of ores, divine materials, medicinal herbs and many strange creatures. The major forces of Clear River Domain treated this area like a wheat field, coming to harvest once every few years. Ye Qingyu, this outsider, picked up some unexpected benefits this time.

In addition to hunting strange species and hunted by strange species, Ye Qingyu also collected many divine materials and rare medicinal herbs. His harvest was absolutely huge.

The sect disciples also profited quite a lot.

In every immemorial foreign domain, there must be rare treasures. Ye Qingyu killed the beasts, and these guys also followed and dug up a lot of treasures in the surroundings

Ye Qingyu was simply an unbeatable monster, even if those demon god species, whose strength far exceeds that of Ye Qingyu, held him on the ground and beat him violently, no matter how they bit and chewed, they still could not kill Ye Qingyu.

In such a state, time slowly went by.

The spirit lamp in Huang Xin’s hands was growing brighter and brighter.

And the curse mark of the Demon Spider Race on the people’s arms was warmer than before, indicating that the hunter of the Demon Spider Race was close by.

One day.

Early morning.

Ye Qingyu sat crossed legged on a rock, draped in animal skin, dew around the tip of his hair, sparkling and translucent, and breathed in and out, cultivating the nameless breathing technique...

Although his spirit was incomplete, his yuan qi was unable to return to its original state, but Ye Qingyu still maintained the habit of practicing nameless breathing technique daily.

The sun was slowly rising in the distance.

Ye Qingyu opened his eyes.

The dew on his eyebrows slid down like a bead of jade.

He ended the training of nameless breathing technique, as his mind sank into the dantian world, and began to observe the inside situation of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

During these days, Ye Qingyu had already consumed 100 of the [Endowment Bone Demon Source] from the Demon Wind-Winged Wolves, using it to operate the sacrificial space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to refine the [Blood Drinker Sword].

At this point, the [Blood Drinker Sword] embryo was more clear and distinct, and had taken the appearance of a sword. The embryo was somewhat similar to [Little Shang] sword, except a little larger, at one meter wide and three meters long. It was covered with blood patterns, vibrating and wandering, which were the natural formation chains formed from the decomposition of the blood vine endowment bone!

“The refining time is taking longer than I expected. With such a speed, I estimate that it will take half a year to successfully refine this [Blood Drinker Sword].”

Ye Qingyu made a judgment in his mind.

When the giant sword embryo had been refined and purified, the impurity unceasingly removed, the final sword form should be different to the [Little Shang] sword.

But this kind of speed was still a bit too slow.

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh.

After pondering, Ye Qingyu suddenly thought of something.

He, from the storage space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], selected a number of treasures, which were all materials he obtained during his time at the heavenly gate training grounds, including a dragon horn, and added them all to the [Cloud Top Cauldron] refining space.

“Since the speed is slow, then take your time, add some rare ores and materials in to promote the grade of the sword. Patient work makes a fine product. Let’s create a real sword.”

Ye Qingyu decided to invest greatly.

Having done all this, the sect disciples had woken up.

They have become accustomed to Ye Qingyu being on the lookout every night, and slept soundly.

“Get ready to go, we can’t stay in one place for too long,” Lin Yi commanded.

The crowd packed their belongings, ready to switch to another location.

Just then, Lin Yi’s body suddenly went stiff.

Ye Qingyu, too, suddenly felt the hairs on his body stand up on its end, as if a beast of death had fixed its eyes on him, and an unprecedented sensation of danger enveloped him——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 495:


515 - The Round face and the Cripple



This sensation was extremely terrifying.

Ye Qingyu could only suddenly feel that his body had been frozen like an ancient block of ice. A coldness seeped into his bones, and his body would not listen to his commands. He was in a state where he could not move despite wanting to move.

The other Greater One Sect disciples, as well as Yu Xiaoxing, had even more unpleasant expressions. It was as if they were scared witless by fear.

Ye Qingyu let out an enraged cry. The muscles in his body exploded with power, and he suddenly forced himself to turn around to the right.

At some unknown time, there was abruptly a person standing next to a short tree on the right.

This person was a strange young man wearing a pure black robe with golden patterns on it.

The terrifying pressure and deathly aura, namely emanated from this young man.

"Achoo…"

The young man sneezed, then casually waved his hand.

The other people became able to move.

Ye Qingyu's pupils dilated.

This young man's body was slightly short, and even somewhat chubby. His face was rough, and could not be counted as particularly handsome. But there was a strange ridicule on his face as if he was someone high above regarding the people below.

He stood silently on a branch the width of a finger, rising up and down with the wind. It seemed as if he had no weight whatsoever. But there was an invisible pressure, like a demonic qi throughout the heavens, emitting from his body. Even the air turned thick and concentrated, turning so heavy that people could not move whatsoever.

For the Greater One Sect disciples like Lin Yi, the moment they saw this young man, their faces were like death.

"Tut tut tut, so it's you people that killed my brother who think he was so amazing?" The young man with a round face and golden pattern robed pinched his own face and said in disbelieving tone.

His gaze passed by every Greater One Sect disciple, like he was regarding a group of dead people.

It was only when it passed by Ye Qingyu as well as Yu Xiaoxing, that it paused for a brief moment.

"Prince... of the Demon Spiders?"

There was a defeated deathly expression on Lin Yi's face, as he cried out in despair.

The thing that he was most worried about had finally occurred.

The generation of this Demon Spider Race was greatly flourishing. Geniuses appeared everywhere, and there were five young Princes that had managed to activate the bloodline power of the ancestors. The one that they had managed to kill because they had taken advantage of an opportunity was the most prodigious out of all of them. It was someone that was recognized to be the next successor to the leader of the Demon Spider Race.

Apart from that unlucky bastard, this round faced young man was also one of the five young Princes of the Demon Spider Race. In the Clear River Domain, he was a powerful character that would make anyone fear upon seeing him.

"Oh, so you know my identity?" The round faced young man smiled slightly, his face not containing the slightest hint of killing intent.

He laughingly said, "I was wondering, just what kind of person dared to kill my dear brother. So it was the disciples of the Greater One Sect. Haha, no wonder you are the disciples of that Greater One hypocrite, the person that is known as the most shameless and despicable in all of Clear River Domain. Ambushing and attacking from behind are things you guys have already became masters at. Even my arrogant brother was killed by this, hahaha."

When he mentioned his brother that had already passed away, he was extremely happy.

At this time, Ye Qingyu finally understood what was happening.

Demon Spider Race!

They had ultimately been found by the experts of the Demon Spider Race before reinforcements arrived.

Ye Qingyu grabbed at Yu Xiaoxing'x little hand. If the situation was not right, then they would instantly depart.

As for Lin Yi and the other Greater One Sect disciples, then they could only rely on themselves. Ye Qingyu had no way of helping them.

He could clearly confirm that he was not the opponent of this round faced Prince of the Demon Spider Race. If they fought, he most likely would not be able to even withstand a few moves before he would easily be killed.

"Black Five said that when he forcefully entered the Domain Gate, he managed to encounter a powerful opponent and had one of his legs chopped. It can't be you right?" The young man laughingly looked at Ye Qingyu.

His nose twitched and sniffed: "En, that's right, your body has the smell of the curse from Black Five. Haha, in such a short time, I really managed to discover two such interesting matters. My brother was ambushed by a bunch of trash, but Black Five is an old bastard who has lived for thousands of years. To similarly be crippled by such a piece of trash? Hahaha, this really is too... too laughable. Can it be that all the trash in this world is about to rise up?

But the others could not even squeeze out a smile.

"This fellow is saying so much, and he is still so happy even after his brother died... Damn it, there is definitely something wrong with his brain."

Ye Qingyu made such a judgement in his heart.

By the side.

There was a whiff of urine.

There was a Greater One Sect disciple that, because of his fear and the pressure that the round faced Demon Spider Prince gave off, could not help but lose his self-control. He had wetted his clothing.

Seeing this, the round faced Demon Spider Prince was also taken aback.

Then it was like he instantly discovered an earth shattering joke. He began chuckling, laughing so much that his stomach hurt. He hugged his stomach while standing on that slender branch.

"Haha, I... nearly have to kneel down... because of such weird people like you... hahaha, my dear brother, if he knew... that he had died in the hands of people like you..." The round faced Demon Spider Prince gasped for breath from laughing too much, "He would definitely be so angry that he would come back to life... haha, didn't he think himself a peerless hero. Haha, for a hero to die in the hands of worms such as these... laughable, this is really too funny."

He had the tone of someone rejoicing in others misfortune.

"Master, a long night will have many nightmares. First kill those damn worms, and take vengeance for elder young master." The black mist flickered.

A mighty and muscular figure walked out from the black mist and stepped through the air. He took step by step toward the round faced Prince of the Demon Spider Race and paid his respects.

There was another one.

Ye Qingyu's heart quivered.

This muscular figure was an old man with white hair and a white beard. His black robe was patterned white, and he had thickly grown facial hair. His hair had a strange somewhat yellow pattern on it. Just by looking at him, Ye Qingyu thought back to the gigantic spider's leg that had passed by through the Central Domain Gate, because it had a similar pattern on it.

And in the moment that Ye Qingyu realized this, Ye Qingyu also perceived that this muscular old man's right leg, did not seem too agile. He seemed to have a limp about him.

"This should be that great spider that had it's leg broken."

Ye Qingyu finally understood.

This muscular old man was definitely that Black Five mentioned in the words of that round faced Prince of the Demon Spider Race. He was the spider that had intruded into Heaven Wasteland Domain that day, and was struck by an arrow of Ye Qingyu. Because he feared the power of the [Supreme Ice Flame], he ultimately cut off one of his legs. He was one of the enforcers of the Demon Spider Race.

"What did you say? There will be many nightmares in a long night?" That round faced Prince slapped his own leg in mad laughter. "For such a group of trash, you fear they will cause me a nightmare? It's been so hard to get out, I'll slowly play and let them die one by one.“

"I worry that, the reinforcements from the Greater One Sect will quickly arrive," Black Five lowered his head and said.

"Hohoho, if you didn't mention it, I might have forgotten. That's right, if the reinforcements from the Greater One Sect come, what should we do?" The round faced Prince suddenly stopped madly laughing, rubbing his brows. After a brief pause, he became overjoyed again. "I've thought of a solution."

"What solution has young master thought of?" Black Five helplessly followed along with the conversation.

He deeply knew the temperament of this mad young master.

At this time, he must go according to his will.

"We can wait until the reinforcements of the Greater One Sect arrive, then kill them all together. Hahaha, what do you think, isn't my plan amazing," the round faced Prince said excitedly.

Black Five stood there for a while with a frown, not saying anything more.

The five young bloodline Princes of the Demon Spider Race were all experts that had outstanding talent. After waking the bloodline of their ancestors, they had endless abilities. But every one of them was arrogant and unbridled, every one of them more conceited than the last. They did not care about anything at all, daring to do anything and everything.

If it were not like so, the eldest Prince would not have challenged that matured blood vine and caused both parties to suffer a loss. Then the trash of the Greater One Sect would not have had an opportunity to take advantage of his plight.

They had chased these Greater One Sect disciples for more than a month, and they had finally found them. Who would have thought that the second young master's personality would be like so. If they really waited till the reinforcements of the Greater One Sect arrived, then the matter would become troublesome.

"That's right, Black Five, those two young people," The round faced Prince pointed at Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing. "This little pair of lovers shouldn't be citizens of the Clear River Domain. On the body of this handsome little husband, he has your marking. He should be the person who cut off one of your eight legs. You should quickly take vengeance, I'll first spectate. Haha, perhaps your seven other legs would also be chopped off by this little man."

In the tone of this fellow, there was an instigating tone as well as delighting in someone's misfortune.

"Thank you second young master for allowing this." Black Five nodded his head.

This old fellow casually grabbed in the air. The black demonic qi in his hand was like a rope of spider web that curled and tangled to form a net. It headed directly towards Ye Qingyu.

Black Five had long sensed the marking on Ye Qingyu's body. But previously, because the round faced Demon Spider Prince had not said anything, he had not acted.

Opposite.

"This old bastard..."

Ye Qingyu silently cursed and grabbed Yu Xiaoxing instantly, preparing to run.

At this time---

In the skies, there was suddenly a pale green light that descended. Like it was a rain of light, it completely enveloped Ye Qingyu as well as the nine Greater One Sect disciples including Lin Yi.

They could see the skinny tall youth, Huang Xin with the Greater One Lantern in his hands. It suddenly increased in brightness greatly. It intersected with the green light of rain, and a strange and extremely vast energy was born like so.

Ye Qingyu could feel his body lightening.

Before he could react, the space and time around him warped. The scenery changed. In an instant, he could not help as he along with Yu Xiaoxing and the other Greater One Sect disciples were as if they broke apart the boundaries of time and space. Like they had ascended into becoming immortals, they departed from where they were.

When they reacted, they were already hundreds of miles away.

One could see in the skies, a mysterious green ancient lantern was silently floating. A jade green splendour and radiance completely enwrapped the surroundings, shining its bright light on everyone. There was a soothingness like their fleshly bodies were being bathed in a Spirit spring.

Next to this mysterious green ancient lantern, there were tens of mighty figures standing in the air.

The person at the lead was an old man that had completely white hair and a vigorous complexion. He was elegant, his long sleeve wrapping in the air. There was an indescribable confidence about him, as if he was a benevolent old immortal.

Next to this old man, there were three young heroic young men that stood there proudly.

Behind the four people, there were six middle-aged figures wearing black-coloured clothing. Every one of them had a rampant and incomparable yuan qi fluctuation on them, deep as an abyss. It was as if they were six divine mountains that could not be moved.

"Elder Han!"

Lin Yi cried out loud in excitement.

“Elder Han! Our three Shishus... the elders of the sect has arrived. Haha, we're saved."

"We pay our respect to Elder Han!"

"Great, we've finally arrived here safely.“

All the Greater One Sect disciples jumped up with excitement. They had a feeling that they were the survivors of a great disaster.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 496:


516 - Greater One Zhenren



"We pay our respects to Elder Han, we pay our respects to Shishus."

Lin Yi and the others had managed to survive from their predicament, and so was delighted. They all paid their respects towards their elders.

"There's only you guys left? What about the others..." The white-haired old man had a look of regret appearing on his face. He could already guess that it was likely that the others had met with something misfortunate.

"Elder Han, please take vengeance for our brothers that has died tragically."

"That's right, all those senior brothers really died a horrible death."

There were several Greater One Sect disciples that began sobbing and crying.

For them, these days was akin to passing through hell. They had witnessed their fellow disciples die one after the other, deathly afraid that the next one will be themselves. When they were finally safe, the shock from this huge turnabout caused them to nearly completely collapse.

"Why are you crying?" Of the three youths standing next to the elder, the one at the far right which had sharp sword-like eyebrows, star-like eyes and bronze skin, suddenly frowned. He opened his mouth and rebuked them: "Us Greater One Sect disciples are people with iron bones. Even if a blade is on our body, we will not show the slightest hint of fear. Look at you, crying and sobbing like women, you really are embarrassing.”

These several crying disciples, instantly had fear and embarrassment on their faces. They quickly quietened down.

"These two friends are?" Elder Han's gaze fell on Ye Qingyu and the other.

There were some Greater One Sect disciples that had dark faces. They were about to say something, but Lin Yi rushed to open his mouth first, "Reporting back to master, to the three Shishus, this brother Ye and Miss Yu are friends that we met when we mistakenly escaped through a crevice of space and entered into a domain called Heaven Wasteland Domain when we were running from the Demon Spider Race. Thanks to their help, we were able to escape with our lives.”

So the white-haired old man with a vigorous complexion was Lin Yi's master.

“Oh? You manage to enter into other domains?" The old man, Elder Han, was slightly taken aback, then his gaze fell on Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing. With a smile, “Thank you for extending an aiding hand to our Greater One Sect disciples."

Ye Qingyu saw that the old man was benevolent, and his tone was also very kind. He did not show disrespect: "Elder Han is being courteous. We were just helping each other."

"Hmph. Shameless talk. A trash whose yuan qi cultivation that is not even at five Spirit springs, a person who is in tattered clothing like a wild brute, to dare say that he has given aid to disciples of the Greater One Sect? This really is a joke," out of the three young men beside the old men, the one at the far left with an eagle hooked nose coldly smiled as he said in contempt.

“Junior Disciple Zuo, don't be discourteous," Elder Han rebuked.

This eagled hooked nosed young man with blade-like eyebrows was called Zuo Li. Surprisingly, he was from the same generation as that old man. Hearing this, he coldly sneered and did not say anything, but evidently was still not satisfied.

Of the three youths, the person at the center was the one that was comparatively more handsome. He had sharply defined eyes and eyebrows, his face like a painting. He had a smile that was not a smile, as he seemed not to pay attention to this at all.

His gaze fell on Yu Xiaoxing, as if he had noticed something. "You have a royal qi about you, and your aura is noble. Could you perhaps be part of Royalty within Heaven Wasteland Domain?"

The gaze of this young man was extremely sensitive.

Lin Yi quickly reported back: "Reporting back to Xiao Shishu, this Miss Yu is the only daughter of the Snow Emperor, of the Human Race in Heaven Wasteland Domain, and this brother Ye..."

"En, I know." Without waiting for Lin Yi to finish his introductions, Xiao Yunlong directly cut him off. Evidently he had no shred of interest towards a wild brute like Ye Qingyu.

Lin Yi at this time gave an embarrassed glance towards Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu did not pay the slightest of attention to this.

"Senior brother Han, Miss Yu has royal qi about her, and her foundation is excellent as well. She is a talent that is worth nourishing. Why don't we do her a favour and take her into the Greater One Sect. How about that?" Xiao Yunlong did not even care about whether Yu Xiaoxing was willing or not, and directly turned his head to speak to Elder Han.“

That white-haired old man stroked his beard with a smile, then said, "What junior brother Xiao says makes sense.”

This Xiao Yunlong was one of the most prodigious characters amongst the disciples of the fourth generation of the Greater One Sect. He was extremely young, and had significant talent, and hence was regarded importantly by the sects. Although Han Qi was the senior brother, but even he could not disregard his words.

Yu Xiaoxing let out a cold snort by the side. She was about to say something, when she was grabbed by Ye Qingyu, indicating for her not to speak temporarily.

At this time---

In the air, there was a demonic attribute light that began flickering with light.

“Tut tut tut. When we mention reinforcements, reinforcements really have arrived. This really is too great, too great. Haha, there's more people that have come here to die. I haven't tasted the fresh meat taste of the Human Race for a long time.”

It was a familiar and unbridled voice.

It was the familiar round faced chubby person again.

That instant there was a ripple in space, this round faced Demon Spider Prince had rushed here to kill.

On the other side of the space fluctuation, the crippled Black Five also appeared. There was black demonic qi encircling around his whole body, as if he was a demon king. Shreds of black demonic qi emanated from him, forming a black net that covered half the sky.

"The Black Five from the Demon Spider Enforcement Squad."

"The second Prince Black Gold?"

Xiao Yunlong and Zuo Li all let out gasps of shock.

The complexion of Elder Han also transformed.

Previously, the Patriarchs as well as the Elder's Residence had personally given an order, that all the Greater One Sect experts that were near the training area had to expend all their efforts to save Lin Yi and the others. These disciples were said to be chased by experts of the Demon Spider Race. But it was not clear whether it was someone at the level of the Demon Spider Enforcement Squad as well as a bloodline prince.

Although Han Qi was one of the elders of the Greater One Sect, but he was not one of the core elders of the main peak. He had not managed to cultivate in the top level cultivation techniques of the Greater One Sect, so his strength could not be counted as being within the top level of the Greater One Sect.

These days, he had some fame in Clear River Domain, but to want to fight against someone from the Demon Spider Enforcement Squad as well as a Blood Prince, this was not possible.

Xiao Yunlong and Zuo Li's expression became difficult to look upon.

They both had the same thought occurring to them; if they long knew it was these two people coming chasing after them, would they have wasted time in here in useless conversation? They would have definitely ran away at the first instant.

The young man with bronze-coloured skin did not seem that anxious, however. There was a questioning light exposed in his eyes; just what had these disciples done?

To think they would have attracted the attention of such a level of experts form the Demon Spider Race?

Could it be that the higher ups of the sects had concealed some information?

In the heart of the youth, there were countless thoughts flashing through it at this instant.

Opposite.

"Hehehehe, quickly look. That white bearded old man is about to be scared witless." That round faced Demon Spider Prince appreciated the expressions of the others with excitement. "In truth, I love to see all sorts of varied expressions on my opponent's. Haha, this really is a sense of achievement."

Black Five licked his lips: “Young master, don't be courteous. First kill them."

The round faced Demon Spider Prince thought about it, "En, that white bearded old man, his flesh must be very tough. It must not taste nice at all. You kill him, leave the three young fresh ones for me..."

Before he finished.

Xiu!

There was black mist surrounding Black Five's body. Like it was demonic rope, there were piercing sounds through the air that shot out to kill the white haired old man, Han Qi.

Han Qi's complexion changed, as he shouted, "Greater One Bell!"

Yong!

A giant golden bell appeared, its body flickering with a mysterious golden formation that was like a dragon soaring around it. In an instant, it expanded, transforming into a clear transparent giant ball hundreds of meters tall, protecting everyone within.

The demonic qi was like a pillar that unendingly struck towards the walls of that giant bell.

Seeing this, Ye Qingyu instantly realized that the reinforcements from the Greater One Sect would not be the opponents of these two demon kings from the Demon Spider Race.

In the blink of an eye.

Kacha Kacha.

That golden bell was instantly filled with cracks and fractures, and looked about to shatter at any moment.

Everyone inside was shivering.

Han Qi's face madly changed. He bit his tongue, spitting out several mouthfuls of blood essence, but there was nothing he could do.

Boom!

The golden bell finally shattered.

A demonic qi, like a terrifying blade that extended from hell, headed towards the heart of Han Qi.

Han Qi let out a roar of rage, his white hair and beard suddenly standing up. There was a golden sharp sword that appeared in his hands, and a power that far exceeded the power of the Bitter Sea stage exploded out, wanting to block the black demonic qi.

Boom!

It was only a strike.

The golden long sword in Han Qi's hands instantly turned into golden pieces. He spat out a jet of blood, his complexion instantly growing deathly pale...

"Master!"

Lin Yi was in a panic.

Zuo Li and Xiao Yunlong also utilized all of their efforts, each summoning a Dao tool to protect their own body. But under the explosive strike of the black demonic qi, even a Dao tool was shattered into pieces.

Black Five evidently was intentionally playing around with these people, not killing them instantly.

But even if so, there were several misfortunate Greater One Sect disciples that were swept up in the black demonic qi and instantly turned into ashes and bones.

"Not good, just what did you do, to have  incited people like them."

"Escape."

Zuo Li and Xiao Yunlong were like defeated dogs, shouting out in panic and anger.

Seeing this, Ye Qingyu instantly had contempt in his heart.

Previously, they were pretending to be someone amazing, as if they were really someone important. But now they were terrified, could it be that the Greater One Sect was filled with weird people?

He instantly wanted to activate the [Flash Formation] to leave here instantly.

But at this time---

Chilah.

There was the sound like that of a piece of paper being ripped apart.

In an instant, it was as if space was being torn apart by a mysterious power. There was a huge crevice in space, about hundreds of meters wide that appeared. From the crevice, a deity-like giant hand stretch out. With a light pull, it enwrapped Han Qi and the others including Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing into the ripple and brought them within.

The black demonic qi that Black Five controlled could not even come near the huge deity-like hand, before it was instantly forced to disperse.

The round faced Demon Spider Prince did not act.

"Eh?" He was somewhat surprised. "What is happening? That Greater One hypocritical old bastard acted personally? Are we not just killing a minor elder and some minnow-like disciples, can he not even withstand such a loss?"

The brutal and vicious Black Five also had astoundment on his face.

The Patriarch of the Greater One Sect, Greater One Zhenren was one of the strongest figures within Clear River Domain. He was mysterious and powerful, and had not acted personally for the past hundreds of years. He was like a divine dragon that appeared and disappeared without any trace. In the past, even if experts at the Heaven Ascension stage would perish, he would not act, why was it that this time...

He also felt somewhat fearful at the same time.

If that huge deity-like hand wanted to kill him, it was absolutely only a matter of seconds.

"This matter has suddenly become somewhat interesting. It seems we have missed something. Could it be that there is some secret on the bodies of those disciples?"

The round faced Demon Spider Prince pressed his lips together. Rather than being angry, there was a smile on his face.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

