Chapter 585:


How powerful was Ye Qingyu now?

His consciousness power was comparable to those of the peak Immortal Step boundary, and with the people that had consciousness power inferior to him, he could see through the majority of their techniques and moves. With this advantage, although his yuan qi cultivation was only the peak level of Heaven Ascension boundary, but with the assistance of [Supreme Ice Flame], he could defeat and kill Immortal Step experts.

During the Storm Sword Duel gathering, Ye Qingyu’s physical strength left him almost unscathed from the direct [White Lotus Immortal Sword] attack launched by Chen Shaohua. And now that he had been training in the Underground Moon Immortal Palace for one month, as well as fused with a few drops of the thunder liquid, he was much stronger than he was before.

Although the Devouring Heaven Demon General was an Immortal Step expert, he was only a half Immortal Step expert and not a real Immortal Step expert.

Though he was wielding a divine blade, he was no match for Ye Qingyu.

When Ye Qingyu activated the True Will of the Sky Dragon, one hand transformed into a dragon claw, even a divine weapon was crushed like mud.

His words drew a loud cheer from almost all the people present.

There were even people with tears running down their face.

The same words had different effects from different people’s mouth.

After beating and crushing Devouring Heaven Demon General, Ye Qingyu’s words rumbled and echoed across the entire square, and there was a powerful force that made everyone feel that something was burning and boiling in their body.

This... was power.

Opposite.

Devouring Heaven Demon General grew  increasingly distressed, his expression indefinitely gloomy.

At this moment, he was absolutely certain that he was definitely no match for the ugly chubby man.

If they continued to fight, he most likely would be killed.

The dignity of an expert of the Demon Spider Race made him very reluctant to retreat.

But as the commander of a corps, his reasoning told him that he couldn’t blindly rely on his individual strength to be a hero.

“Good, I didn’t expect there to be an expert like you in the Human Race, I underestimated you.” Devouring Heaven Demon General saw that the other side refused to announce his name, and immediately realized that the chubby man’s outer appearance may even be fake. He should be one of the famous experts of Clear River Domain in disguise, since he was afraid to reveal his identity then he must be scared that the Demon Spider Race would retaliate in the future.

He gave a grim smile, saying, “You who show the tail but hide the face, I understand, you are afraid so you don’t dare to show your true face, but you dare to fight my Demon Spider Race. Then you must be prepared, not only you, even your relatives, master, and the people of your sect, are going to die! Haha, you think you have won by defeating me? The black spider twins... still haven’t fought yet!”

Before his voice faded away.

Swoosh!

A stream of silver light flashed.

The pair of twins who had been standing next to Devouring Heaven Demon General all along blocked Ye Qingyu’s path.

Before the Devouring Heaven Demon General said anything, they were like two unactivated pieces of machinery, even if the general was beaten miserably, they still had not made a move.

But when Devouring Heaven Demon General’s voice began to fade, the white-robed twins moved.

Like a flash of flowing light, they were extremely fast.

And these two people, like each other’s shadow, were incomparably coordinated. Whether it was movement, speed, or expression, they were all identical.

Ye Qingyu slightly knitted his brows in a frown.

He could feel that the aura slowly diffused out from the two white-robed youngsters were unexpectedly superior to that of the Devouring Heaven Demon General.

Ye Qingyu immediately understood the meaning of Devouring Heaven Demon General’s words.

But...

“Haha, while the demon climbs a foot, the Dao climbs ten feet. Devouring Heaven, no matter how you struggle, today must be the day of your death.” Ye Qingyu coldly laughed. “The soul of every brave warrior sacrificed in this Flowing Light City are waiting for your sentence...” Ye Qingyu then said without turning his head back, “Old Hu, I leave Devouring Heaven to you, finish him off quickly. These two white spiders, let me deal with them.”

Before his voice died away.

The crowd was slightly stunned.

But at this time, a surging terrifying wave of yuan qi erupted from the execution platform.

They could only see a slim figure sudden flashing away, soaring skywards, heading in the direction of Devouring Heaven Demon General.

“Hahaha, you finally let me do something. Haha, good, I have long found these spiders irritating, I’ll get some Demon Spider to barbecue for food.” Hu Bugui’s voice rumbled in the air like a clap of thunder. Then suddenly hundreds of golden fist images, like the sun rising in the morning, carrying a strange power, frantically whooshed to where Devouring Heaven Demon General stood.

Fist images blotted out the sky, as if everywhere were meteors falling in the sky, lighting up in flames.

“What?”

Devouring Heaven Demon General’s expression wildly changed, screaming out in disbelief.

“What?”

The innkeeper and others also exclaimed.

But the difference was that Devouring Heaven Demon General’s voice contained undisguisable shock, horror and anger, while the innkeeper’s and others’ were filled with joy and excitement.

Just now, when the black spider twins suddenly acted, blocking Ye Qingyu, their heart in fact did jump to their throats. They were all martial arts expert, although their strengths were far inferior to that of Ye Qingyu, but they could still tell that these black spider twins possess frightening strength that was higher-level than Devouring Heaven Demon General. They didn’t expect this to happen, and were worried that Ye Qingyu might be defeated. They might have rejoiced too soon and all efforts today might have been wasted.

But it never occurred to them that the saviours that descended today were not only Ye Qingyu.

In addition to this ugly chubby man, there was another incredibly powerful slim man.

There was another helping hand!

This really was too good.

The innkeeper and others were almost weeping with joy.

It was absolutely impossible for those that have not experienced despair to know of their feelings at this moment.

It was also at this point that the battle begun.

“[The Fist of the Dawn]!”

Hu Bugui’s punch was like thunder, not in the least inferior to when Ye Qingyu saved Chen Zhengliang, and instantly suppressed the Devouring Heaven Demon General.

“Ah ah ah ah ah... who the hell are you?” Devouring Heaven Demon General roared. Activating his blood and qi, he instantly healed his wounds, and stood together with Hu Bugui.

Ye Qingyu’s punch just now had severely wounded him. Although he had treated the injury with blood and qi, it still consumed many of his origin power, reduced his strength by a level, and made him no match for Hu Bugui.

The other side.

The black spider twins and Ye Qingyu were in distant confrontation.

On the two people’s machine-like faces, as though they were made from the same mould, at this time there were undisguisable puzzlement and shock.

They felt the terror of the chubby man’s power.

“Kill! White Jade Sky Web!””

The next moment, a bolt of lightning emerged in the eyes of the twins, bursting with killing intent.

The two people’s movements were in unison, performing hand seals, as white spider web of a diameter of five meters appeared before Ye Qingyu.

The giant net gently shook. Each thread of silk was entangled with rune markings the thickness of a strand of hair, emitting silvery white light, and reflected onto the snow and ice scattered across the sky, and it became increasingly cold.

This was an innate skill of the Demon Spider Race. The white spider web moved along with the thoughts of the twins, enveloping Ye Qingyu, and the strong oppressive feeling was as though a mountain was crashing down on Ye Qingyu’s head.

Ye Qingyu looked at the pair of expressionless twins who seemed like they were wearing a mask, and responded with a slight smile, showing no intention of evading.

The True Will of the Sky Dragon was in full operation, his pair of arms at the same time turned into dragon claws, purple lightning twisting around, and he was like the Divine dragon in charge of thunder and lightning.

When the white spiderweb fell, he chuckled, raised his hands, and grasped the huge net of steel wire.

Tear and pull!

In the hands of Ye Qingyu, the giant net was like a rag, being torn into two halves by Ye Qingyu’s bare hands.

Upon careful look at the two ripped halves of the web that he casually discarded on the ground, there were rune markings covered by a layer of light purple current, as if imprisoned and unable to move.

A trace of shock appeared in the twins’ white eyes.

Who was this man that was so overbearing and powerful, and held the power of thunder and lightning?

He seemed familiar to another person.

But... rumour had it that the man was definitely not this strong.

When the Flowing Light City was destroyed, there was no such person.

Such thoughts, like lightning, flashed across the minds of these two people.

But their hands had not stopped in the slightest.

In mid-air.

The twins’ white robes billowed without wind, and the white jade demon bone folding fan suddenly produced a mist-like ball of light.

Among the light, two silver shadows soared and spread.

The next moment, two dozens-of-meters-tall giant spiders were blocking in front.

Roar!

The giant spiders roared in unison, the sword-like hairs on their legs emitting waves of light ripples, tearing apart the void. The huge legs were extending out from clouds of different heights, stretching toward Ye Qingyu. The jagged hairs on the legs instantly cut the clouds into thousands of fragments.

Ye Qingyu’s fighting spirit broke out.

He lifted his head to look at the dozens of legs coming at his direction, clenched his fist, and in the twinkling of a light, a piercing cold light sword emerged.

The sword was like a solid substance.

Purple currents crackled at the tip of the sword.

“[Sword Storm]!”

There was a thunderous roar.

Ye Qingyu’s movements were graceful and agile, not at all clumsy and awkward like his chubby outer appearance.

The sword intent filled the air.

His figure was only faintly discernible and the moment he brought his sword down on one of the legs it seemed as effortless and smooth as cutting through soil or a melon.

Bang!

Bang!

Bang!

The frost-like sword struck the giant spider’s leg, producing a deafening boom.

The sound of divine weapons striking one another made everyone feel a soul-shaking fear.

Several seconds later.

The two giant spiders’ legs were all severed off by the ice sword, the broken limbs turned to a mass of demonic qi that dissipated in the air.

Only the remaining body of the spiders was constantly issuing a mournful roar of pain, and a glimmer of shock and fear flashed in the eyes of the pair of twins.

“Your pets are a little useless, look at my pet, haha!”

Ye Qingyu, standing above in the skies, raised his hand into the air and the ice sword soared.

Suddenly rustling noises sounded from his bosom, when a mini-sized white ball impatiently darted out like a bolt of lightning, pouncing toward the giant spiders.

“Woof... woof... yummy food, here I come!””

The white ball, like a lightning bolt, was moving about wildly, and except Ye Qingyu, not one person was able to capture his path. It was the silly dog.

As though he had transformed into a ferocious mythological animal, like wind sweeping away clouds, there was only a flash of white light and no signs of movement, but in the blink of an eye the giant spider body that was thousands of times larger than him was completely devoured.

“Belch... Belch... Woof... Woof is stuffed...”

Little Nine returned to Ye Qingyu's shoulder after eating.

Resuming to his former mini-puppy appearance, he held up his pudgy belly, swaying side to side like a drunkard, and occasionally belched and spat out masses of black fog.

Ye Qingyu couldn’t help rolling his eyes, and grabbed the silly dog, stuffing him back into his bosom.

The silly dog had exposed his face on that day he saved Yu Xiaoxing, so he should not stay for too long to avoid being identified.

Fortunately, that day, the dog was a pony-sized giant dog, completely different to his current mini appearance, very few people will notice.

“You! What’s in your arms?”

A biting chill and panic broke out from the twins’ eyes.

What monster was that that could completely devour one of the sacred pets of the Demon Spider Race?

……

At this moment, all the Human Race warriors felt their blood boiling.

The anger and passion, hidden deep in their hearts, was completely ignited.

Looking at the enemies being suppressed effortlessly and Ye Qingyu killing two giant Demon Spiders in a split second, all eyes were flashing with joy and excitement.

The fighting spirit within these human warriors was completely ignited. Even though they were all blood-soaked and covered with wounds, they still trembled emotionally.

This was not a battle to save the Human Race warriors.

This was a fight to save the people of Clear River Domain.

This was a battle to pledge the rise of the Human Race!

On the huge square, the nearly one hundred thousand neglected Flowing Light City civilians, at this time, also calmed down.

They seemed to be no longer afraid, no longer confused, and no longer fearful.

Because they saw hope.

Ten meters above their heads was a thin layer of soft frosty qi.

It was unknown when, but the snow had stopped.

But then another blanket of frost, like a layer of invisible light shield, spread across thousands of meters, enveloping everyone within.

Whenever there was demonic qi or yuan qi striking the shield overhead, like rain gently caressing the lake, faint ripples undulated across.

Although the ground was incessantly quaking, and in mid-air there were aftershocks from the  waves of yuan qi, but they did not feel the slightest threatened being protected within the boundary.

This was the yuan qi formation that Ye Qingyu had set up during the fight.

This time he came to save people. Of course, he first had to ensure the safety of the fellow citizens

Otherwise, the aftermath of the battle among experts would most likely wound and kill more than half of these civilians on the large square.

On the square, the atmosphere was livening up.

Watching their fellow citizens heroically fight back against the Demon Race, the civilians also felt a surge of excitement and anxiousness, like two Human Race gods had descended, and had become their hope of regaining their homes and homeland, and for revenge.

……

On the observation platform.

“You lowly humans, today you dare to kill us, but in the future the Demon Race army will wash Flowing Light City with blood!” Devouring Heaven Demon General wildly roared.

He was in great distress at this moment.

Under the repeated attacks of Hu Bugui’s [Time Fist Technique], he did not know how many punches he had sustained. His body was like a torn sack, exhausted and tattered. He also lost track of how many times he had forcibly restored his body and consumed his origin power, but he still had his head low, his eyes filled with fear, and his whole body was covered with blood.

“Lowly? Do you think you demons that destroy people’s homeland and wilfully kill the old and young are very noble?

Hu Bugui’s eyes were overflowing with killing intent, like the God of Asura.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 586:


“If you stop now, I can spare the people of Flowing Light City, I... I can also take you and that fat man into the Demon Spider army.” Devouring Heaven Demon General looked incredibly distressed, his red whiskers quivering, as he proposed what he thought was the most tempting of conditions.

In a distant place.

“The Human Race must not surrender to the Demon Race!”

“Don't believe him!”

“The one who killed thousands of human is him!”

“Must not let him go!”

Several howls of fury erupted from the humans who had fought bravely.

On the observatory platform.

“AH! Did you hear? So many people want you dead, so you should go to hell.” Hu Bugui laughed. “Noon time, raging flames blaze... Beast, in the most bright and hottest time of the day, die!”

Fist shadows broke out like it was noon.

The day is divided into night, dawn, sunrise, morning, and noon... Hu Bugui’s fist technique, known as [Time Fist], was named after the different times in a day, corresponding to the mysteriousness of Heaven and earth. It was extremely peculiar.

Noon is the time when the flames are the strongest

The noon fist was also one of the strongest attacks in the [Time Fist Technique].

Boom!

A loud noise erupted the next moment.

With a look of fear across his face, Devouring Heaven Demon General finally could no longer evade, like a weak puppet, defeated by the qi of chaos containing fist power, both his body and consciousness were destroyed.

At this moment, on the huge square, the crowds broke out in earth-shattering cheers.

While the Demon Spider army all turned pale with fear!

“Kill! Fist of Dawn!”

Hu Bugui’s move had succeeded, but he did not stop. He repeatedly threw out three punches in the air.

Boom boom boom!

The punches were  like the colour of the sky at dawn, howling through the air.

Red Devil Captain and the three Deputy Generals were almost killed in an instant.

The Demon Spider army was suddenly thrown into disarray.

“Kill!”

The innkeeper, Chen Zhengliang and the other people reacted, immediately beginning their counterattack.

With the two fat and skinny experts here, they saw hope of winning.

At this moment, the thought in their minds was not only of saving people.

But of...

Revenge!

The crowd of people was like thunder.

A battle unfolded on the square again.

Hu Bugui was overlooking the battle in the void.

His eyes were slightly narrowed as he looked at Ye Qingyu battling in mid-air, while seemingly casually raised his fist, the fist force was soft as a breeze of wind, but after passing through the wall of people it suddenly formed into a mountain-like power.

One after another, black-clad soldiers were struck by the fist power, thrown into all directions, and vomited out blood.

The situation on the ground was evidently fully under the control of the thin-looking man. The remaining small number of black armoured soldiers risked their lives to fight back, but were still at the next moment sent flying by the bombardment of breeze-like fist force, and then struck to the ground by the other Human Race experts.

Several Human Race heroes were rescued out from the prisoner carts, assisting each other. Some who were more seriously injured immediately sat down and operated yuan qi to recover.

There was also a blood-soaked figure that came out of the prison, the previous Chen Zhengliang who disappeared in front of everyone’s eyes.

He went over to Scar-faced Jin and the South Building boss, the several people looked at each other, their eyes were full of confusion and faint excitement.

All people stood in the open space near the execution platform, looking up at the chubby man and twins who were standing opposite each other in mid-air.

……

In mid-air.

“Who the hell are you?”

The twins’ voice was identical, although the two people opened their mouths to speak at the same time, there was only one voice that came out.

“Such nonsense, I no longer want to answer, go die.” Silhouetted against the light, the fat figure of Ye Qingyu shook his wrist, and an even more solid ice sword image appeared out of nowhere.

The sword was wrapped in undulating purple lightning, and within the range that the tip of the sword pointed at, the void seemed to be beginning to condense into real frost.

Ye Qingyu was anxious to find the right opponent to confirm his cultivation improvement after the period of training in the Underground Moon Immortal Palace. Luckily, he ran into the pair of twins.

So he was in no hurry to get rid of his opponent right away.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh!

Ye Qingyu’s body once again transformed into an icy-silver mist shadow.

The twins suddenly looked shocked, turning over their hand, and two white jade demon bone swords emerged in their hands.

The demon bone on the hilt was white and flawless, and the engraved totem was faintly visible, like the body of an ancient demon beast.

The sword body was not straight and strong like an ordinary sword. The three inch tip of the sword was curved and twisted in a strange shape, resembling the tail of a spiritual snake.

The sword body was constructed from white jade, glowing and luminous, and although it was a demonic object, it still exuded a divine beauty.

Above the observation platform.

Hu Bugui’s eyes flickered, seemingly thinking of something.

“Ah, this is one of the treasured weapons of the Demon Spider Race, the Luminous Moon Matchless Strike...” His body slightly shook, fixing his eyes on the sword in the twins’ hands. “This divine weapon has a bit of history.”

It was rumoured that this demon bone sword was cast from the bones of a Demon Spider Race ancestor in the ancient times. It possessed millions of kilograms of power and can shake the stars, sun and moon.

Especially in the hands of this pair of twins, one divides into two, one illusionary and one real. It was a combination of real and illusory, like the most coordinated diversionary tactic.

One step, one illusionary, each step was a killing move.

Hu Bugui’s brows were slightly raised, not expecting the most valuable treasure of the Demon Spider Race to appear here.

“Haha, a divine weapon like that was given to the twins, it seems that the Demon Spider Race has very high expectations of them. Haha, if Brother Ye killed this pair of little spiders today, what kind of reaction would the Demon Spider Race have? Hahaha!”

……

In mid-air.

Ye Qingyu looked at the white jade swords in the hands of the pair of twins, his eyes flashing.

He could already faintly tell that this bone sword was strange. It was like a living creature, emitting a steady outward flow of suppressive demonic qi. The sword body was gentle and glowing, but after staring at it for a long time there was a kind of glowing brilliance that made one’s mind feel trapped, as though it was imprisoned.

But such a divine weapon was not in the hands of the Devouring Heaven Demon General, but the pair of twins.

It seems that this pair of twins were the real important people on the observatory platform.

The one in charge of Flowing Light City, most likely was not Devouring Heaven Demon General, but in fact, this more powerful pair of twins.

Ye Qingyu speculated.

Roar!

A loud yell.

The twins rose high into the air, their identical voices resounding across the sky and the sword qi hissed. The sound waves were like a solid substance, as if it were the howling of an ancient demon beast, causing everyone’s heart to pound uncontrollably.

The crowd of spectators beneath the platform felt their minds being stirred violently, and had to resist with full strength.

In mid-air.

Ye Qingyu put his hand behind his back, stepping across the air like there was a layer of thin ice, ice petals bloomed at his feet as he walked across.

Only he knew that he was operating the [Limitless Divine Way] with every step, thereby increasing his strength.

[First Limit].

[Second Limit].

[Third Limit].

[Fourth Limit].

The four steps were completed. Every ice flower that bloomed at his feet was larger, had more petals than the one before, emitted an increasingly bright luster, and was incomparably pure and sacred.

“[Soul Stealing Heaven Strike]!” ”

Ye Qingyu bellowed, acting at the same time.

The Luminous Moon Matchless Strike that was right in front suddenly stopped.

The pair of twins in mid-air suddenly slowed down, a strange fearful expression twisted their faces at the same time.

Ye Qingyu, like a ghost, flashed away, instantly arriving at the twins’ side.

Sword light erupted, the coldness freezing the void into real ice.

Ye Qingyu brought the ice sword down at the head of one of the twins, and at the same time his left arm that was wrapped in purple light current transformed into a dragon claw, grasping the body of the Luminous Moon Matchless Strike.

Bang!

There was a huge rumble.

The sword was crushed by the dragon’s claw, producing a tragic wailing.

The twins seemed to have disappeared from this time and space, tens of thousands of hair-width scars broke out on the body of one, while the other’s body began to change into a strange state of nothingness.

Their stiffened body suddenly shot out thousand beams of icy light.

The twins’ eyes were wide with rage and utter horror.

They could feel an extremely frightening change within their body and blood vessels, and meridians seemed to have been frozen by tens of thousand-year-old ice. And an aura of death was spreading out from their heart, lungs, and dantian.

Boom!

There was a sudden explosion.

In mid-air the pair of twins that were like balls of light suddenly ruptured into specks of ice, scattering across the sky.

At that very moment of their bodies exploding, the four black spiders within the twins’ eyes were suddenly solidifying, breaking away from the two eyes and rapidly shooting toward Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu slightly lifted his head, a wisp of [Supreme Ice Flame] emerging on his palm, wrapping the bullet-like black spider in ice flames.

In an instant, the four spiders were as though melted, disappearing among the ice flames.

As expected.

Twin brothers, one real and one illusionary, same life and same origin, lived or died together.

The two people shared the same lifeline, their strength was double that of ordinary people, but if one of them died, the other will also suffer the same fate.

And the four spiders that shot out were most likely arranged by the Demon Spider Race to protect the two people. Once the black spiders were destroyed, the Demon Spider Race would most likely be informed of the news.

Ye Qingyu was standing in midir, coldly watching the swirling ice crystals, slightly shut his eyes, feeling the bizarre feeling of his full strength attack after the recovery of all his yuan qi and consciousness power.

In particular, under the activation of the [Limitless Divine Way], the moment he swing out his sword, his yuan qi power seemed to be vaguely touching the Immortal Step boundary.

On the ground.

All the spectators were stunned by what was happening before their eyes.

In particular, experts such as the innkeeper were considered experienced and knowledgeable in Flowing Light City and the Fragrance Plains, but they knew nothing about the two ordinary-looking youngsters who suddenly showed up today. If the young chubby man who used ice flame yuan qi had guarded the Flowing Light City, he could have held back all enemies by himself, and completely reversed the situation today.

After a brief pause of silence, the applause and cheers, like a spring tide, sounded.

Everyone was screaming and jumping about, with an uncontrollable happiness in their eyes.

The young man in midir must be the saviour that the heavens had sent to save them.

……

Swoosh!

Ye Qingyu flashed away, only a flicker of his shadow left behind in mid-air.

The next moment he was standing next to Hu Bugui near the observatory platform.

“Brother, today big brother has given you the opportunity to take the limelight. Haha, remember to treat me to a cup of ice dragon wine later.” Hu Bugui clapped his hand upon his shoulder.

While speaking, the two people had already landed on the ground.

“Old Hu... Old Hu?”

Not far away, covered with blood, but had restored his spirit, Liu Minsheng looked at the skinny man. When he heard his voice, there was suddenly a flash of lightning in his mind. The voice was so familiar that it made him think of a person, but his outer appearance... Liu Minsheng’s eyes flickered with a hint of suspicion.

However, there was only one person in Clear River Domain who can use such a unique fist technique.

“Are you Brother Hu Bugui?” Liu Minsheng’s voice sounded cautious and hesitant.

“Hahaha, I knew I can’t deceive Brother Liu!” Hu Bugui scratched his head and then casually wiped his hand over his face and shook his body, revealing his true appearance.

“Ah! So it is big brother Hu!”

“Yo, Little Moustache, I though who was so domineering, so it is you!” Supported by two youngsters, the old man’s face lit up.

Little Moustache?

Ye Qingyu laughed.

The nickname was kind of interesting.

Among the Human Race heroes crowded around, the majority had some sort of association with Hu Bugui, so after recognizing Hu Bugui, they were all overjoyed. It was as though everyone were in a teahouse, and began to chat and tease each other.

“Thank you so much for today, I thought you were trapped in a mountain and killed by a Beast Wolf!”

“Pah pah, Old Hu is old and tough, even beasts would find him hard to chew on!”

“But when did you come back, we didn’t receive any notice beforehand!”

“Yes, I heard you went missing at Greater One Sect, and we were worried for a long time...”

Hu Bugui responded with a foolish smile, then waved his hand, saying, “Let’s talk about this later... First we need to solve the remnants of the Demon Spider Race.

……

……

The happiness of the Human Race was a nightmare for the Demon Spider Race.

In a short moment of time, Devouring Heaven Demon General and the pair of twins were killed in succession, fifty thousand or sixty thousand of the Demon Spider elite army had became leaderless.

And the swirling ice crystals of the twins seemed to have cut off the Demon Spider Race’s black armour army’s last trace of rationality.

Some of the Demon Spider military officials’ eyes were growing red.

“Kill all the lowly humans!”

“Kill them!”

“Kill! Avenge the General!”

The tens of thousands of soldiers seemed to have gone crazy, and began to randomly attack.

“Kill!”

Ye Qingyu flashed away, instantaneously coming to the periphery of the square.

A thought rumbled.

An icy chill broke out and hundreds of the Demon Spider soldiers and cavalries were turned into ice sculptures.

“Brothers, it is time for us to get revenge.” Innkeeper and the other people exploded with yuan qi, morale skyrocketing. They jumped up suddenly and in a flash dozens of figures entered into the dense demonic qi-like mass of black-clad soldiers.

Even so, casualties were still inevitable.

At the most peripheral areas of the huge square were people wailing and running for their lives, but the red-eyed black-armoured soldiers were already like a tide, as they raised their blades into the air, the civilians that could not escape in time were severed into two.

The ice and snow on the ground was instantly melted by the warm blood of the human bodies, and were gathered into a blood lake on the public square.

“Old Hu, you guard the north!” ”

Ye Qingyu bellowed with a backhand wave, the dozens of troops coming in the southern direction were instantly frozen into ice blocks, dispersing in the cold wind.

Hu Bugui flashed away, throwing several successive punches at the same time, and the soldiers charging in from the north were hacked into minced meat.

Other people divided into two forces to withstand the attacks coming from the east and west. The scattered civilians, upon seeing the situation, crowded around Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui.

After a few moments, the Demon Spider Race’s army of ten thousand was blocked by the human wall, suffering a heavy loss.

In particular, within a ten-meter range of Ye Qingyu, the Demon Spider soldiers were frozen into several ice walls. The ice walls, as if made by nature, forced the Demon Spider army to split into several groups to bypass the walls, and as a result their battle strength was greatly weakened.

While at Hu Bugui’s side there were several towering tree-like flesh shields. The Demon Spider army that were advancing wave upon wave were randomly struck flying. The wisps of demonic qi on their body formed into clouds of black smoke.

At this time--

Bang!

Bang!

Bang!

Three shots of gunfire suddenly sounded, resounding across the skies.

The rumbling sound waves seemed as though a giant bell was looming over Flowing Light City.

“Huh?” This is?”

“Seems to be the command to retreat?” Covered in blood, Chen Zhengliang raised his head surprisingly.

Yes, the signalling shot was the withdrawal order from the Demon Spider’s Devouring Heaven corps.

The sudden command made the Demon Spider soldiers stop attacking one after another. Shocked, puzzled, unwillingness, hidden smiles... different expressions appeared on the blood-stained faces of the black-armoured soldiers.

But the Devouring Heaven Camp soldiers were all well-trained elites.

Military orders were like a mountain.

Under the lead and command of several high-ranking military generals, the Demon Spider corps withdrew from Flowing Light City in an instant like a retreating tide.

Even at this time, the Demon Spider corps still showed the manner of elite soldiers as they retreated, covering for one another as they rapidly disappeared from Flowing Light City.

And the Human Race obviously had no strength left to give chase.

Ye Qingyu, gazing at the orderly departure of the black-armoured soldiers, his eyes flashed a hint of puzzlement.

Hu Bugui arrived next to him in a flash, the blazing murderous intent had not yet faded from his eyes, and on his face was a trace of regret.

Nobody had expected the war to end in such a way.

Although surprised, everyone was very coordinated, and did not chase after them.

These Demon Spider soldiers had already gone all out. If they ran after them, they most likely would desperately counterattack. Moreover, there might be experts lying in ambush outside the city.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui exchanged a glance.

The reason that they did not pursue the retreating enemy was not because of fear of the forces outside, but because the city was in a state of disaster.

The state was chaotic, and there certainly will be madness in the city. The most important task now was to pacify and calm the people of Flowing Light City.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 587:


Chapter 605, The people of the Immortal God Emperor Sect

Half an hour later.

Fifty miles outside of Flowing Light City.

The Demon Spider corps withdrawn from Flowing Light City had set up an encampment on a relatively high hill. There were still a few wisps of light smoke dancing on the cannon barrel.

The main army formerly stationed in Flowing Light City had evacuated to the tent in front.

After the war, although the remaining tens of thousands of soldiers were blood-soaked and their breathing was chaotic, they still maintained a neat and orderly formation.

In the distance.

A young military officer was standing in the open space before the main tent of the Demon Spider corps.

His face was cold and calm. His eyes, as though covered in ink, were motionlessly fixed on the distant Flowing Light City, seemingly thinking about something.

This young officer of the Demon Spider Race, clad in a dark black armour, looked less than twenty years old. He had deep eyes and handsome sword-like brows, he looked elegant and graceful. Even among the Human Race, he would still be considered handsome, and did not have the rough and barbaric appearance of the other Demon Spider Race.

He was two times taller than the average man, but his body was very thin. He was covered in a long navy blue satin robe, with a string of jade ornaments hanging at his waist. The jade ornaments were bright and translucent, spotlessly white and flawless, and at both ends was an arm long tassel-shaped pendant. On the pendant was a palm-sized red glass, shining and colorful, which was housing a black spider. It seemed as though even the hairs on the legs were very clear and distinct.

Hurried footsteps sounded.

It was the commanding officer of the Devouring Heaven Camp arriving.

“Lord Tong Wen why did you withdraw troops?”

He questioned him right away.

The Demon Spider military general who was called back from Flowing Light City walked towards him in large strides. Before he arrived, his voice could be heard.

The one who issued the withdrawal command was the young Demon Spider officer.

And evidently, the fierce Demon Spider general and others were not satisfied with this military order. Although because of the period of long training and their instinct of following military orders made them take their own soldiers to retreat from Flowing Light City, but this was obviously not what they wanted. They immediately came over and surrounded the so-called young military officer Tong Wen in the middle.

Tong Wen had the role similar to a military adviser in the Devouring Heaven army, his status was second only to Devouring Heaven Demon General, the black spider twins and the three captains. Now that all these several high-ranking generals had died in battle, he was now the commander-in-chief of the army, and according to The Demon Spider corps’ military orders, Tong Wen was now the commander-in-charge of the military.

But among the fierce and ruthless Demon Spider Race, Tong Wen, whose forte was not in military strength and was only a civilian military officer skilled in strategy, was evidently not particularly well respected.

So these high ranking Demon Spider military generals dared to question his military orders in this way.

“Right! We were about to kill them all, the lowly people in the city were going to be cut into minced meat, you want to retreat? Are you afraid?”

“Yes! We have not avenged Devouring Heaven Demon General, we can’t retreat now.”

“Yes! Let's go back, head back into Flowing Light City, all the lowly people of Flowing Light City have to be buried!”

“That's right, we cannot let go of those lowly humans!”

The high ranking military generals of Devouring Heaven Camp were obviously somewhat aggressive.

Tong Wen swept his eyes over the people, eyes flashing a hint of pity, then glanced at the generals who were constantly questioning him. He frowned, lightly asking, “Kill all the humans?”

“That's right, we must kill them all, these lowly fellows, unexpectedly dare...” one of the generals roared.

Tong Wen gently brushed away the dust on his left sleeve. He breathed a long sigh, looked at him, and gave a seemingly endless smile, “You are able to?”

When he said this, the young officer’s eyes were extremely gloomy and cold, and the corners of his mouth was raised in an icy arc.

“I...” his voice sank.

The several other generals looked at each other in dismay, as though the brutal scene of the previous human wall and sea of blood reappeared in the eyes of the person opposite. Particularly, the fat and thin experts that appeared out of nowhere were too scary. Even if the Demon Spider Race was always unafraid of death, they were still fearful of those two people and had to admit that no one in the Devouring Heaven army was a match for them.

Especially the fatty, who had ice surrounding his body and was able to instantly crush the Devouring Heaven Demon General and the black spider twins. He really was too frightening.

“Soldiers can't have just courage and no discipline. They cannot be preoccupied with their own satisfaction, and forget to preserve strength. The troops of Devouring Heaven army are the elites after hundred of years of secret training. If you were to risk your life to battle those two human experts, most likely that half of our army would be wiped out by those two Human Race experts...” A sharp colour flashed through the eyes of Lord Tong Wen.

He glanced at the Demon Spider corps arranged in neat formation as they waited for his command, and couldn’t help but breath an inward sigh of regret.

It was only one morning, yet nearly half of the tens of thousands of troops were killed.

“That... Then we'll fight with our life! Do you think our Demon Spider corps is afraid of that lowly, filthy Human Race!” The few generals, as though they had been poked in the heart, suddenly took on a look of embarrassment, then another similarly tall general immediately retorted.

“Fight?” As if Lord Ten Wen had heard an extremely funny joke, he couldn’t help sniggering. “Then what? At most you can only kill some of the lowly Human Race with a moment of courage. Not only will you not avenge General, but the black-armoured corps that the Demon Spider Race had been carefully cultivating for hundred years will be sacrificed.” His eyes flashed a malicious expression, and his voice was like ice, looking around at the overbearing generals. “Is it worth it?”

When his voice fell, he again ran his eyes across the generals filled with reluctance and anger, radiating a biting cold imposing manner

The few generals who surrounded him were speechless at this moment.

It was clear to them that the elite corps that the Demon Spider Race had spent a great deal of effort and time to cultivate was the most important thing they should consider.

If a race, or even a nation, wanted to remain invincible, they required countless corps as their strongest spears and shields.

“Tong Wen, I see, you are afraid of death, you said so much nonsense...” A burly military general, taller than Lord Tong Wen by more than half a body, was speechless with rage, not knowing how to refute. Suddenly, he was like a child reluctant to admit his mistake.

Tong Wen’s expression grew cold, casting a glance at the general who argued back, both furious and speechless.

For more than thousands of years the Demon Spider Race had revered military force. A strategic commander like him would usually be killed or looked down upon by the other generals with outstanding military achievements.

Although the Demon Spider Race had been following a warlord system for thousands of years, the rules were incredibly strict, but this deep-rooted practice had not been able to be completely eliminated.

Most likely that if things continued this way, this will affect the direction of the Demon Spider Race.

He breathed an unperceivable sigh.

The few generals did not show the arrogance and anger they displayed before and were also in a strange silence at this moment.

“Go, release the Ten sound beasts and call for reinforcements.

He turned around, issued a gentle command, and then headed back into the main tent...

……

In Flowing Light City.

Although the people on the square of the ruins of the City Lord’s residence found the sudden retreat of the Demon Spider army strange, the majority still finally breathed a sigh of relief.

The terrible pressure was lifted for the time being.

In the next half hour, Chen Zhengliang was elected to temporary assume the role of City Lord due to his understanding of the situation in the city. He imprisoned the few families and clans of Flowing Light City who betrayed the Human Race and then ordered people to take out the food belonging to those families and clans that were stored in the prison.

The civilians of Flowing Light City who were forced away from their homes seemed to finally see dawn, joy, and hope appeared on their faces.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui, with the cooperation of the innkeeper, his wife, and other dozens of people, sorted out and tidied up the remnants of the corpses on the city gate, the ruins, and pillars.

The two people personally buried the Human Race heroes that had died in the hands of the Demon Spider Race.

After this battle, these two people’s status and position were almost like the gods. In fact, if the two had not strongly refused, then the people in charge of all the matters of Flowing Light City would have been them.

The kindest person, Elder Zheng, and other people crowded around Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui, worried that they would just leave like that.

Under the command of Chen Zhengliang, the situation in the city was temporarily stabilized.

Many of the non-martial expert civilians also joined in to bury the corpses of the fellow citizens.

Some seriously wounded civilians were also arranged into the homes of voluntary civilians, and the father and daughter pair led a number of people with medical knowledge to tend to the injured.

The thugs, who occasionally tried take advantage of the chaotic situation to snatch food and houses, were caught right away, killed, or thrown into the prison of the City's Lord’s residence.

Some civilians in the city opened their doors and cooked for Ye Qingyu, the innkeeper, and others who fought against the Demon Race.

The city resumed a momentary order, as if the warm sun was about to re-illuminate the sky.

Time flew by, and in a twinkling, the sky was dark.

Night descended.

Some of the spiritual light constructed buildings also played a role. A few rays of silvery brilliance sprinkled across Flowing Light City, which had been restored to its previous quiet and peaceful state.

In the sky, like a woman’s fine eyebrow, the crescent moon produced a warm and soft glow. In the endless dark night sky, there it appeared more exceptionally beautiful and stirring.

By this time, the situation in Flowing Light City was considered to be completely stabilized.

Under Chen Zhengliang’s deployment, civilians had one after another been resettled and the human remains had been properly buried.

……

At the city gate of Flowing Light City.

When the Demon Spider Race captured Flowing Light City, the city wall was bombarded and many barriers were broken and collapsed. The city walls were now like a giant martial warrior that could finally gasp for breath after a desperate struggle. The destroyed city wall stairs could only accommodate two people at the same time.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui appeared on the city gate.

Behind them were the innkeeper, his wife and Liu Minsheng, and finally Chen Zhengliang was behind supporting Elder Zheng.

Elder Zheng's injury was very severe. Hu Bugui had tried to persuade him several times but this stubborn old man insisted to follow them.

After a brief conversation, Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui had come to know of the names of the innkeeper and his wife. The innkeeper who always carried a brush with him was called Ling Xiaoran, and his astonishingly beautiful wife was called Heng Yuge. But what was more unexpected for Ye Qingyu was that through their conversation he learnt that the innkeeper and his wife, and the father and daughter who sung for a living, were all people of the Immortal God Emperor Sect——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 588:


Chapter 606, Shocking consciousness

When they heard this news, Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui both were quite surprised.

They didn’t expect the Immortal God Emperor Sect that had always closed its doors and protected itself. At such a precarious situation when all sects were fighting to protect themselves, to think they would dispatch so many people to stay in Flowing Light City in order to rescue fellow Human Race citizens.

Ye Qingyu also could not help feeling more and more respect for this Emperor Court that had once saved the entire Clear River Domain.

From Nan Tieyi’s words and deeds to the innkeeper and other people’s actions today, the image of the Immortal God Emperor Sect was gradually growing clearer in Ye Qingyu’s mind. He was full of curiosity and respect for this sect.

And Chen Zhengliang, who was burdened with infamy and nearly had his spine punctured by the whole city, was the descendant of one of the three major sects of Flowing Light City. In the former Flowing Light City, Chen Zhengliang was also known as a prominent figure, a talent among the younger generations, and one of the young geniuses. It was said that the City Lord had been secretly helping him cultivate, and he was one of the recommended candidates to assume the position of City Lord.

The fours words, ‘endure humiliation and blame’, could not be more apt for him.

Ye Qingyu was also full of respect for this young man.

……

On the city walls.

They stood in a row, gazing into the distance of fifty miles away where the Demon Spider Race had set up an encampment.

The Demon Spider Race’s withdrawal allowed the people of Flowing Light City to finally breathe a sigh of relief, but when the news that they were stationed fifty miles outside the city came, they undoubtedly felt as if a rock was pressing on their hearts again——especially for Chen Zhengliang and the other citizens of Flowing Light City, the psychological trauma shrouded them again.

So after a short arrangement of matters in the city, Ye Qingyu and the other people came to the city gate.

Looking afar, the entire Demon Spider Race’s Devouring Heaven Camp was in sight.

The layout of the Demon Spider Race was extremely peculiar, it evidently was a military formation. The periphery was also set up in a very strange arrangement, and the tents also had a special positioning and order. Within the camp was a faint collection of the power of the tens of thousands of elites. The gathering of such a powerful force was like a mirage, constantly changing and wandering in the sky above, seemingly real.

Adding to this, countless different forms of rune demon-patterned defense equipment were in full operation, emitting bursts of black light, and enveloped the entire camp area.

From afar, there was also a black glow in the sky, towering into the clouds and propping up a circle of thick black cloud boundary walls.

Moreover, the evil spirits emitted from the black cloud boundary were intertwined with the a blood stench that flowed a hundred miles outside of the city, being drawn to each other in an extremely bizarre way.

Ye Qingyu coldly observed for a while, before he made a judgment in his mind.



Under such protection and formations, even for Immortal Step boundary experts, it would be incredibly difficult to break through.

And even if they were to storm over now and forcibly break through the elite army, the Demon Spider Race’s reinforcement corps would come right away and in an instant devour Flowing Light City till nothing was left behind.

“The Demon Spider Race is defeated but will not retreat, the situation is still pressing, what do we do next?” Innkeeper Ling Xiaoran looked to Ye Qingyu with a worried expression.

Clearly he had also analyzed the situation before them.

Now, Flowing Light City was like an arrow at the end of its flight.

If Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui were not here, the Demon Spider Race most likely would have returned in a swirl.

“There are hundreds of thousands of civilians in the city, we can’t evacuate them all, but if we leave them they will all die under the wrath of the demon spiders...” Chen Zhengliang said with a slight sigh, a never seen before exhaustion in his voice.

“Yes, so many civilians, even if we flee tonight, where can we escape to...” Liu Minsheng’s eyes were full of worries, extremely troubled about the situation in front.

“Ai...” The always quiet Scar-faced Jin also sighed faintly.

The several people present all knew well that, if they took advantage of tonight to escape alone, perhaps there would be a chance of surviving.

But as early as the day that Flowing Light City had fallen into the hands of the enemy, they had already been hiding in the city, plotting the rescue plan to save the fellow Human Race citizens and protect the city’s tens of thousands of civilians. There was no way they would abandon them now.

“In any case, we must save the people, we can’t abandon them in the city to die!” Hu Bugui gazed into the black clouds soaring into the sky and the imposing manner of the Demon Spider Camp, before he turned to the others and said in a sonorous voice.

His hands balled into fists, his eyes flashing a strong and resolute light.

Ye Qingyu did not speak.

He was still quietly watching the floating demonic qi in the distance, and the seemingly impregnable boundary of the Demon Spider Camp.

Although the situation of Heaven Wasteland Domain was still a mess and had not been resolved, Xing’er and the others were probably anxiously waiting for their news.

But the innocent people in the city cannot be ignored.

Especially when Hu Bugui had already declared his stance, he also must help.

As for how to save them, how to protect the city's tens of thousands of people...

Ye Qingyu still couldn’t think of a good plan.

“By the way, since the Immortal God Emperor Sect had made an appearance, it should have a channel where they get information from, right?” Ye Qingyu seemed to suddenly remembered something, and turned to look at Ling Xiaoran.

Ling Xiaoran and his wife exchanged a look. Although a little puzzled about Ye Qingyu's sudden question, they still nodded at the same time.

“The Demon Spider Race has great influence, and control the majority of the area. My sect’s main information channel is definitely affected, but there are some not-completely-withered branches that can be used. The general situation can possibly be found out,” Ling Xiaoran looked at Ye Qingyu, saying quite proudly.

“At such a situation it is already very good to have a rough picture.” Ye Qingyu gained a new understanding of the Immortal God Emperor Sect.

But now, he still could not reveal his identity and tell them the whereabouts of Nan Tieyi.

“I have to trouble Brother Ling to help inquire about the current situation of Clear River Domain, as well as the situation of the Hundred Spirits Sect...” he paused, his eyes flashed, “And the whereabouts of the two people from Heaven Wasteland Domain.”

“A few months ago there was some news that the people from Heaven Wasteland Domain were trapped in the Greater One mountain range.” Ling Xiaoran slightly sighed, seeming recalling something.

“But then they suddenly disappeared, and there was no news after that. Even the Demon Race had not received the slightest news. It is as if they had vanished in Greater One mountain...” Ling Xiaoran revealed a helpless smile.

In recent months, in addition to planning to rescue the civilians of the city, the rest of the main forces were in search of the Young Emperor.

At first, there was a signal from the Young Emperor himself that he was in Greater One mountain range, but no news was received after that.

It seemed that the Young Emperor and the people of Heaven Wasteland Domain had gone missing from the Greater One mountains at the same time...

“However, since Brother Tianhang had asked, then our Immortal God Emperor Sect will certainly do everything possible to find out for you.” The lady innkeeper Heng Yuge smiled, her voice gentle as the moon.

Hu Bugui had introduced Ye Qingyu to everone as Tianhang, so everyone called Ye Qingyu Tianhang.

“Yes, I believe that in a few days, there will be the first wave of news relayed over, no need to worry Brother Tianhang.” Still in a trance state, Ling Xiaoran’s eyes lit up, slightly nodding as he promised.

“Don't worry, Lord Tianhang, cough cough... As long as the two of them agree to the matter, cough... there's nothing they can’t do.” Elder Zheng gently stroked his chest, slightly panting. His previous injury seemed to have damaged his origin source, and now he was struggling to support himself.

Ye Qingyu nodded slightly.

The eyes of all people once again fell on the Demon Spider Race’s tents.

“Hey... the Demon Spider’s camp is shrouded in thick fog, I wonder what is going on inside...” Chen Zhengliang took a step forward, activating yuan qi. His eyes seemingly were exerting force to penetrate the barrier to see through the tents in the distance.

“Yes, to know one's own strength and the enemy's is the sure way to victory, but we know nothing about the other side...”

“Sigh... Now we can only observe from a distance, we cannot rashly get closer to investigate.”

“If there are masters hiding in the camp, we would be caught unprepared...”

Everyone were talking at once, all seemingly deeply worried.

Ye Qingyu also looked into the direction of the main tent, and after a brief thought he said, “I'll give it a try...”

He slightly closed his eyes, feeling the consciousness power slowly rising from his dantian.

It was as though bursts of strange power were wandering around his limbs and bones, and then spread toward and shrouded the void. In a flash, the area within a radius of thousands of meters was shrouded within this tyrannical consciousness power. The several people standing at his side also took on a look of astonishment.

This power firmly suppressed everyone’s consciousness and yuan energy. Both their physical and mental state sank into a strange and uncontrollable state, and they were almost unable to restrain their mind and even breathing began to become extremely difficult.

Even though they knew that Ye Qingyu was powerful, everyone was still stunned.

The innkeeper and the other people stared at Ye Qingyu in astonishment, thinking that he was hiding his true strength when he was fighting against the Demon Spider General before.

If you say that everyone was previously grateful and appreciative for this stranger, then now everyone was filled with respect and reverence for him.

Ye Qingyu took in the changes and reactions of the several people around him.

He did not deliberately conceal his own strength.

An appropriate display of power can enhance the confidence of the people against the enemy.

He relaxed his heart, and after a deep breath, a soaring monstrous wave swept towards the Demon Spider camp.

……

In the distance.

Inside the main tent of the Demon Spider Race.

The fog of the formation was suddenly stirred, like a wave had swept through.

Tong Wen, who was bent over the desk scribbling rapidly, suddenly felt his hand shaking, the brush stained with ink dropped onto his silk robes.

Aghast, before he put on an outer robe, he dashed out the main tent.

Only to see that the clouds in the sky were changing colours. The previously thick black clouds were faintly suppressed, swaying like it had been agitated and were producing disharmonic sparks of light.

There was chaos at the left side where the beasts were settled.

All different sized and different levels of demon beasts were emitting a red light in their eyes, howling and roaring as though they had suffered the most frightening scare.

The tens of thousands of black armoured soldiers resting in front were also horrified to see the strange scene rolling across the sky.

The main generals of the other tents rushed out in the first moments. The stronger they were the more they could sense what was happening. The terrifying consciousness power coming from Flowing Light City was like a Fiendgod overlooking the entire Demon Spider Race's Devouring Heaven Camp. The unbelievable consciousness power had brought out a very shocked and horrified expression on everyone’s faces.

In a short moment.

All the creatures in the Demon Spider's camp felt the strength of the consciousness power.

Some of the lower-level Demon Spider soldiers’ consciousness and yuan qi were suppressed by the violently surging consciousness power, and had to grit their teeth and endure with all their strength.

“I didn’t think that there is someone so strong in Flowing Light City...” Tong Wen’s eyes flashed, eyes fixed on the source of the consciousness power in the distance.

“Lord Tong Wen, what should we do now?” One of the generals gasped, his eyes were also full of worry.

Originally, they just had to keep watch outside the city and not let anyone escape, and when the reinforcement army arrived they can regain the lost territory and take back Flowing Light City.

But now the situation had suddenly changed, which threw them into panic.

Tong Wen gave no response, his eyes sank, as though thinking about something.

If such an expert were to attack them now, they cannot reverse the situation. Even if the entire Devouring Heaven soldiers fought back, they would still be in danger of being destroyed...

His eyes flickered with a trace of suspicion.

If he had not guessed wrong, then the owner of that consciousness power must have something to do with the fat man that suddenly appeared out of nowhere.

Just then——

An unexpected change came again.

In the sky beyond hundreds of miles, floating in the clouds, flashing brightly, just like it was surrounded by a cloud dragon, an enormous object pierced through the clouds.

An enormous monster cut through the rippling void, suddenly coming into sight.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

