Chapter 929:


Chapter 946 - Save My Child


The master of the Hundred Spirits Sect was completely stunned. She could not wrap her head around the situation nor comprehend why the [Ice Killing Sword God], who caused such a stir along the Road of Chaos, was so overcome with emotion when he saw a statue of their founder. When he uttered the word "mom", she felt like she almost understood something, but the more she thought about it, the more confused she became.

She wanted to ask him something but after a moment of hesitation, she decided to keep those questions to herself.

Time seemed to tick by slowly as they remained in this peculiar situation.

In the blink of an eye, two hours passed by.

To the master of the Hundred Spirits Sect, those two hours felt extremely long and bizarre, which left her discomfited.

That all felt like an instant to Ye Qingyu.

When he finally regained his senses, he realized how emotional he had been and also suddenly remembered that there was someone else beside him. He was secretly stunned and immediately exerted his inner yuan, instantly erasing all the tear stains from his face, although his eyes were still slightly red. He heaved a long sigh, then calmed himself down as he turned apologetically to Master Cheng and said, "Please forgive me for my momentary loss of composure. This happened because… because your founder looked so much like my own mother. The moment I saw the statue, I suddenly missed my mother and didn't manage to control my emotions then."

Ye Qingyu did not hold back and truthfully told her the reason.

The master of the Hundred Spirits Sect was astonished, then she realized why Ye Qingyu had lost his cool earlier. She paused for a moment then said, "Uh… I see. You must be someone who is emotional and forthright about your feelings. There must be many miracles and coincidences in this world. I can't believe these two people could look so alike in this world. I wonder if your mother…"

"My mother passed away many years ago," Ye Qingyu said with a sigh.

"Oh? I'm sorry for my presumptuous question," the master of the Hundred Spirits Sect said apologetically. Ye Qingyu's earlier emotional reaction showed that he was very close to his mother, so she had probably touched a nerve.

"No, it's fine." Ye Qingyu had already managed to rein in his emotions.

He smelled the fragrant scent in the air and looked around to discover that thousands of flowers filled the entire secret garden but they were all Immortal Root Begonias. Every flower was full of life and grew well. Several bulbs were blooming beautifully and the thousands of flowers were like light pink flames of fire, full of warmth. The scent that filled the entire garden was from these layered petals.

"Immortal Root Begonias were my mother's favorite flower. I didn't expect to see so many of these flowers here, blooming so beautifully like the sea. This familiar scent and color…" Ye Qingyu sighed and asked, "Why are there only Immortal Root Begonias planted in this garden?"

The master of the Hundred Spirits Sect was surprised, then she said, "What a coincidence. This was our founder's favorite flower a well. Our founder had always loved flowers— loved them more than life itself. This was especially so after she established the Hundred Spirits Sect. Her favorite was the Immortal Root Begonia among all the other hundreds of flowers. This garden and everything within it was planted by our founder herself. It is called the Yearning Garden because this flower signifies yearning."

Ye Qingyu nodded.

He knew what the Immortal Root Begonia signified.

In fact, he had already guessed before what the master of that Hundred Spirits Sect was going to say.

"Do you know where your founder went to later on?" Ye Qingyu wanted to ask if she had passed on, but for some reason, this was the question that he asked in the end, as though he subconsciously hoped that this founder was still alive.

Master Cheng replied truthfully, "After our founder established the Hundred Spirits Sect, she was our leader for three hundred years and inspired awe throughout the Clear River Domain. This was our sect's golden age. Despite the fact that our founder had no intention of ruling over the Clear River Domain, she had a mysterious technique that was unbeatable. And coupled together with her outstanding medicinal skills, she was known as a fairy who was admired by all. Back in those days, there were many heroes and handsome men in the Clear River Domain who admired our founder and hoped to win her hand, but she never once looked at any of them. Our founder had always been cold and aloof and outsiders had never seen her smile…" Master Cheng suddenly became a little regretful and ashamed as she continued, "One day, our founder suddenly left to attend to some matters and she never returned thereafter. As for us, the younger generation of the Hundred Spirits Sect, we were not even able to even continue the tiniest fraction of her legacy, which resulted in our sect growing weaker and having to suffer attacks from evil sects like the Heaven Desire Demon Sect."

Ye Qingyu said, "Does this mean that ever since your founder left, you haven't heard from her at all?"

"Yes, that is right," Master Cheng replied. "After she received a letter, she appointed the most senior disciple to be the acting sect master, then she hurriedly left and never returned. Thereafter, there was no trace of her. Many years have passed since then but we have still yet to receive news of our founder. However, every single disciple of the Hundred Spirits Sect firmly believes that with our founder's peerless talent and cultivation, she is definitely still alive and that she will return one day to bring us back to our former glory."

Ye Qingyu nodded and did not say anything else.

She never returned?

This is an interesting fact that is worth contemplating.

Ye Qingyu did not believe that such a perfect coincidence could exist in this universe. There had to be some kind of connection between those two women who looked exactly the same and who also shared the same love for Immortal Root Begonias. What could it be? There were two women—one who was in the Heaven Wasteland Domain while the other was in the Clear River Domain, which was a little too far away. Furthermore, it was only in recent years that the Domain Gate of the Heaven Wasteland Domain had opened.

He tried thinking a little further about this but only grew more confused.

He wanted to know more about this legendary founder of the Hundred Spirits Sect but Master Cheng informed him that with the exception of this statue, their founder did not leave much else behind. There were not many records of her even within the Hundred Spirits Sect and thus, he was slightly disappointed.

However, he was sure that there was definitely some sort of connection between those two women.

No, there should be three women—his mother, the founder of the Hundred Spirits Sect, and that ancient mysterious corpse he saw at the Underground Moonlight Immortal Palace. There was definitely a special connection between those three women, but he just could not figure out what it was at the moment.

Ye Qingyu wanted to tell Master Cheng what he had encountered at the Underground Moonlight Immortal Palace, but after some thought, he decided that there was no point in telling her all of that. Instead, those in the Hundred Spirits Sect might even take this as bad news and mistakenly think that their founder was dead or even request to go to the Underground Moonlight Immortal Palace to take a look. This would create unnecessary trouble. It would not be too late to let them know his findings at a later date once he made sense of it all.

After he bowed respectfully to the white jade statue, Ye Qingyu and Master Cheng both left this secret garden.

He made some further inquiries after they left the secret garden, then took his leave.

He had just walked out of the main hall when Hu Bugui rushed over in search of him.

This chief bandit brought him his old friend from South Facing Inn in Flowing Light City—Heng Yuge.

Hu Bugui had created a huge commotion in Flowing Light City's execution grounds to save Heng Yuge from the executioner's knife. The Greater One Sect had followed after them in close pursuit and the sect gate of the Immortal God Emperor Sect had been completely besieged by the Greater One Sect. That resulted in all roads into the sect being cut off with the exception of the hidden paths that only the core members of the sect were aware of. Hu Bugui did not think it would be appropriate to bring her back to his bandit cave either, so after some thought, he finally brought her to the Hundred Spirits Sect. She was currently cared for by Shen Menghua and the others.

...

In a wooden hut within the Hundred Spirits Sect—

"Mistress Heng Yuge," Ye Qingyu said when he saw her. He was at a loss for words.

He realized that she was in bad shape.

Her yuan power had been completely maimed and there was no longer a shred of yuan qi cultivation within her body. She was no different from an ordinary human. A black scar ran down her face, destroying her warm and pretty features. To make matters worse, her eyes were entirely grey and the whites of her eyes and her pupils were gone, which meant that she was completely blind. It was clear that after she was captured by the Greater One Sect Army, they had put her through cruel and inhumane torture.

When he saw how badly that beautiful woman, who once looked like a fairy from a painting, had been tortured, Ye Qingyu heaved a sympathetic sigh. He was extremely enraged by the violence inflicted on her by the Greater One Sect Army.

"Brother Ye Qingyu." Heng Yuge immediately recognized his voice and grew a little more emotional.

"I was too late and let down my brothers in Flowing Light City," Ye Qingyu said, guilt-stricken. While he had been cultivating at the Heaven Wasteland Domain, there were several occasions where he was seized by a sudden impulse and sensed that something was wrong. But unfortunately, he did not realize that there was a sudden change at the Clear River Domain. If he had managed to come to the Clear River Domain earlier, he would have definitely been able to turn the tide.

Hu Bugui understood what Ye Qingyu was trying to say and clapped his hand on his shoulder with a sigh. "This isn't your fault. I was in the Clear River Domain when I heard the news, but by the time I arrived, it was already too late, not to mention someone like yourself since you weren't even in the domain."

Then, Heng Yuge suddenly stood and up and knelt in Ye Qingyu's direction.

"Mistress Heng Yuge, why are you… Quick, get up." Ye Qingyu was shocked and baffled. He quickly walked over and tried to help her up.

"Brother Ye Qingyu, please listen to me first." Heng Yuge seemed a little emotional. She hesitated for a beat then continued, "I'd like to ask Brother Ye Qingyu to confirm if the rumors I've heard about you are true."

"You're referring to...?" Ye Qingyu was momentarily still unable to wrap his head around the situation

"I heard that you have once killed Saints. Is this true?" Heng Yuge looked a little expectant and nervous, and she was unable to control her anxiety.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback. He did not know why she was asking this question but nonetheless, he said with a nod, "It is true."

"If you encounter another Saint-level expert, are you confident you could kill him?" Heng Yuge's voice quivered.

Ye Qingyu understood what she was getting at and said, "Is there something that you'd like me to do? Quick, tell me what is on your mind. I will be able to kill anyone below the Great Saint level and even if I encounter experts with Great Saint cultivation, I'll still stand a fighting chance."

The moment he said those words, hot tears finally fell from Heng Yuge's grey eyes. She did not rise to her feet but instead kowtowed solemnly toward him, "Brother Ye Qingyu, I know I have no right to ask you to undertake such a risk, but on behalf of the friendship you once shared with my deceased husband, I'm begging you to save our child. This child is the last remaining descendant of Brother Leng Xiaoran. Please save him," she said beseechingly.

"What? You had a child with Brother Leng Xiaoran?" Ye Qingyu was astonished. "Did you guys already have a child? Where… is the child now?"

Hu Bugui, who was beside him, was equally stunned, "What… what's going on? Sister Heng, why have you not mentioned this child to me before? Could… the child still be trapped in Flowing Light City?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 930:


Chapter 947 – Ye Qingyu's Promise


When Ye Qingyu left Clear River Domain back then, Leng Xiaoran and Heng Yuge were still a newly married couple and they didn't have any children. Thereafter, they would occasionally exchange letters but there was no mention of a child, so he wasn't aware that his old friends had welcomed the arrival of a child.

It seemed like Hu Bugui wasn't aware of this either.

"The child is only six months old and just before the birth of our child, Clear River Domain suddenly descended into chaos. Although we were delighted with the birth of our child, we didn't throw a huge celebration and only invited Brother Cheng Zhengliang, Brother Daoba, and the others to drink at South Facing Inn. We didn't manage to contact Young Master Nan Tieyi and Brother Hu Bugui at that time since you were both busy and thus you weren't informed. Thereafter, Flowing Light City fell into the enemy's hands and I initially planned on fighting to the death with Brother Leng Xiaoran, but I could only bear with the torture and survive for the sake of my child. The person who rules over Flowing Light City is the personal disciple of the Greater One Immortal, Miao Wuhen. He is extremely cruel, scheming and vicious. After he took my child hostage and destroyed my yuan qi cultivation, he sent me to the execution ground, hoping to lure the disciples of Immortal God Emperor Sect out, but Brother Hu Bugui rushed over in time and rescued me…" Heng Yuge said after Ye Qingyu helped her out and briefed him on the situation.

Ye Qingyu started to make sense of the situation.

Hu Bugui was able to escape anytime since he had that emperor qi tile so Miao Wuhen's plan had failed. If it had been anyone else staging the rescue operation, they wouldn't have been able to escape since Heng Yuge was now a burden after losing her cultivation.

"Sister, why didn't you let me know earlier? If I had known, I would have done everything I could to rescue Brother Leng Xiaoran's child even if I had to risk my life for it," Hu Bugui said as he was overcome with guilt.

A mournful smile spread across her face as she replied, "Back then, you were already completely surrounded by his men. I knew how despicable Miao Wuhen could be and knew that he still had many tricks up his sleeve. Furthermore, the Greater One Immortal had stationed countless Saint-level experts within the city so even though I longed to rescue my child, I couldn't put you in danger because of it. If I did that and my husband came to know of my actions in the underworld, he would never forgive me for this…"

Both Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui heaved long sighs and couldn't say anything in response.

Both men were full of admiration for this amazing woman whose fate had been so tragic. She had constantly put the safety of others before herself. Leng Xiaoran and Heng Yuge were both willing to fight to the death in order to save people back when Flowing Light City had fallen into the hands of the Demon Spider Race and now that their only descendant was in the hands of the enemy, anyone else would've been consumed by hatred and would've done everything to kill their enemy. However, even though Heng Yuge longed for her child, she was afraid of putting Hu Bugui in danger and thus made no mention of it. After she arrived at Hundred Spirits Sect, she continued to bear this burden and the pain all by herself. She probably had a hard time sleeping and was constantly missing her child but she still did not mention it since she knew that once she mentioned it, Hu Bugui, Nan Tieyi, and the others would definitely risk everything to save her child. She could not afford to send them into danger.

This was the mark of a true heroine and a true warrior.

When Ye Qingyu looked at Heng Yuge, he was inexplicably reminded of his own parents.

Back then, when the demonic beast had attacked the city, his parents had also resolutely joined the battle in order to save their fellow humans in Deer City.

"Mistress Heng Yuge, rest assured, I will definitely bring back your child within a day even if I have to bathe the entire city in blood," Ye Qingyu promised her solemnly. Then he asked, "Could you let me know the gender of this child? Does your child have any defining features?"

Heng Yuge grew emotional and said, "She's a girl. My husband named her Leng Yuxi… Brother Ye Qingyu , could… could I come along?"

"Of course you may," Ye Qingyu nodded. With his current cultivation, he was confident that he would still be able to dominate the entire Flowing Light City even if he brought Heng Yuge along. Furthermore, it would be better if Heng Yuge tagged along to prevent him from rescuing the wrong baby when he got there. He had never seen this child so he would feel more reassured if she came along.

"I'll go with you," Hu Bugui jumped in. "I might as well take this chance to kill that Miao Wuhen to avenge the brothers who have died in battle.

Ye Qingyu thought for a moment, then said, "Brother Hu Bugui, I think it'd be better if you remain at Hundred Flowers Valley for the time being since they have suffered devastating losses after the battle and are currently very weak. There's no way they could withstand another battle so the consequences would be disastrous if the enemy attacks again. You stay here with Brother Nan Tieyi and I'll be gone with Mistress Heng Yuge for a day at most. We'll definitely be back."

Hu Bugui was still a little worried and said, "Then you should take my precious treasure, just in case..."

Ye QIngyu laughed heartily and said, "Don't worry, I've got my own treasures too... Tell that silly dog to behave better at Hundred Flowers Valley and not run around so much. We'll be back very soon."

As soon as he spoke—

There was a silver flash of light.

Ye Qingyu and Heng Yuge both disappeared on the spot.

"Eh? So fast?" Hu Bugui said resentfully, "How do you expect me to be able to control that silly dog? He's practically the devil incarnate..."

...

...

"What? The entire army was wiped out? What happened?"

In a brightly lit main hall, a tall middle-aged man with a hooked nose looked slightly surprised. His eyes narrowed strangely like two balls of orange flames and a mysterious mist swirled around his body, making it seem like his figure was distorted by the light. He looked frightful, just like a demonic king with the ability to control the hearts of men.

If Heng Yuge was present, she would have definitely recognized that frightening middle-aged man with a hooked nose as the personal disciple of the Greater One Immortal - Miao Wuhen.

Miao Wuhen looked at the few trembling men who knelt on the ground and a cold expression appeared on his face. The temperature of the great hall instantly dropped.

He slowly sat down and paused slightly. Then, his fingers that were like metal tapped out a strange rhythm on the armrest of his seat. The low and gentle taps sounded like a raging tempest. After some time, he asked, "The Hundred Spirits Sect is just a small sect that only has a few thousand people. Its most powerful expert is only at the Fifth Step Immortal Step realm. Even if they have some resources, how could they possibly wipe out your entire army, including your sect master? What exactly happened?"

He spoke calmly but no one in the hall dared to even exhale.

"My…my lord, everything went smoothly at first and we were about to take down the Hundred Flowers Valley but at the last moment, there was a sudden change. An invincible expert came to their rescue and he killed three of our elders with three punches, then killed our sect master with the fourth and fifth punch. He even had a battle pet that was a white mythical beast. It transformed into a gluttonous evil creature that could eat the universe. That expert was just too powerful, there was no way we could fight against someone like that…" The person kneeling on the floor trembled in fear as he explained the situation.

He was one of the few survivors who managed to flee to Flowing Light City.

A sudden appearance of an invincible expert?

A white mythical beast as a battle pet?

There was a strange look on everyone's faces.

When has Clear River Domain produced such an expert?

It sounded a little unbelievable. Many people knew how powerful Heaven Desire Demon Sect's master was and they also knew that he had a mysterious blood jade that was destructively evil. Even if he wasn't considered as one of the top five experts in Clear River Domain, he would definitely make the top ten. How was it possible that he was killed in two punches? Could this disciple of Heaven Desire Demon Sect be deliberately exaggerating facts in an attempt to minimize his failings?

Miao Wuhen sat high above on the seat of the city lord.

He suddenly raised his hand and the mysterious flowing light mist swirling around him turned into a giant serpent that flung that disciple across the sky toward him. He placed one hand on that disciple's head and exerted a secret technique to peer into that disciple's memories.

"Ah ah, my lord, please spare my life… no…" That disciple struggled frantically as he begged for his life but to no avail. White foam slowly spilled from his mouth and his limbs slackened as he fainted dead away.

Bam!

Miao Wuhen threw that disciple down at his feet.

His expression turned grave.

This highly-skilled expert truly existed?

He had seen the final moments of the battle at Hundred Flowers Valley through that disciple's memory.

The expert was indeed terrifying but since he chose to stand against the Greater One Sect, he would be courting death. The Greater One Sect was no longer the Greater One Sect it used to be. This expert might have been able to crush the entire Clear River Domain single-handedly in the past but now, ha ha…

An excited smile spread across Miao Wuhen's face.

"The daughter of that chief traitor Heng Yuge of the Immortal God Emperor Sect is still in our hands, right?" he said and looked at his underlings who stood in two rows beneath him.

"She's still with us. We have employed a wet nurse to look after her just as you have instructed us. In another month, she will be weaned and sent to the Greater One Mountain for training. This child has a good build and would definitely become our greatest weapon in the future."

"Ha ha, there's no need to send her to the Greater One Mountain now. Bring her out and break the tendons in her hands and feet. Let her slowly bleed out and hang her on the stake, then make sure news of this gets out…" Miao Wuhen's face was as frightening as a demon ghost and the cruel smile on his face was enough to make one breathless.

"Uh…yes, I'll see to it immediately," his underling quickly replied and didn't dare to question his decision.

Miao Wuhen dismissed his men with a slight wave of his hand, "Alright, off you all go to make the preparations. Assemble the [Great Array of Heavenly Punishment]. I'll personally wait for this person at the city gates."

"As you wish."

Everyone left the hall.

"He he, so this chief bandit Hu Bugui has been hiding at Hundred Spirits Sect. This means that that bitch, Heng Yuge would definitely be there as well. If I'm not wrong, that mysterious expert is probably acquainted with Hu Bugui. He he, I'll wait and see if you'd stage a rescue operation once news gets out. He he, this is very interesting. If I could kill such a powerful expert and swallow him, my strength would definitely skyrocket. Ha ha ha, this is indeed a pleasant surprise."

Miao Wuhen's deep evil cackles echoed throughout the quiet great hall.

He raised his hand and a large, gaping mouth suddenly appeared in the middle of his palm and immediately swallowed the Heaven Desire Demon Sect disciple on the ground. Then, Miao Wuhen licked his lips contentedly as though he had feasted on a delicious meal and his hand reverted back to its human form.

"His strength was far too weak and can't even be counted as an appetizer. Ha ha, I'm really looking forward to it. This mysterious expert, I hope you'll come soon, I can't wait any longer. I'm sure you'll be very, very delicious ha ha ha…"

The fire in his eyes danced merrily.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 931:


Chapter 948 – The Person Who Will Kill You


Ye Qingyu was a Saint, so he was familiar with the laws of the universe. Although he could not fully exert the power of laws, he would be able to draw on the qualities of the laws within a limited area. For example, he was able to shrink a road to the length of an inch and this allowed him to cover a distance of a hundred kilometers with every step he took while he was in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. Now that he had a better comprehension of the powers of a Saint, he was able to cover almost a thousand kilometers with every step.

The Hundred Spirits Sect was approximately one hundred thousand kilometers  from Flowing Light City. He could easily cover this distance in the time it took to take a few hundred steps.

Heng Yuge's yuan qi had been destroyed and she had been blinded so she was not aware of any change in scenery. As she stood beside Ye Qingyu, she had no awareness of the changes in her surroundings and still assumed that they were in the wooden hut at the Hundred Spirits Sect.

Moments later—

Flowing Light City was just ahead of them.

"We're here," Ye Qingyu said softly.

Heng Yuge was stunned, "What? We're already… So quickly… Are… we really there?"

"Yes, we've arrived." Ye Qingyu thought for a moment and said, "If we force our way inside, we might be alerting the enemy of our arrival. This will not bode well for Leng Yuxi, so we'll sneak into the city first. And after we find and rescue Leng Yuxi, I'll make sure to kill all the rebels from the Greater One Sect to avenge the deaths of Brother Leng Xiaoran and the others. However, before we do that, I'll restore your vision first. Mistress Heng Yuge, please relax and focus on guiding your yuan qi…"

Ye Qingyu spoke as he placed one hand on her shoulder.

"I'm grateful for your kindness but my yuan qi has already been destroyed. The Hundred Spirits Sect is known for their medical and pill-refinery skills but they were still unable to restore my vision. Please don't waste your yuan qi, I'm…" Heng Yuge instinctively wanted to say something else, but she felt a strange warm current flowing into her body from Ye Qingyu's palm. It instantly spread out to her limbs and bones.

Then, a miracle happened.

To her astonishment, she discovered that there were many sore spots and internal injuries that suddenly healed as though a flood had cleansed her body of all impurities. The dark mysterious force that had plagued her for a long time was instantly burnt to nothingness by this warm current. She sensed that the broken and blocked yuan qi channels within her body could now flow freely. Her dantian world, which had been completely destroyed, had come back to life as this warm current revitalized her dantian world. It grew as quickly as wild grass did after a storm. She could even faintly hear the sound of her yuan qi roaring within her body. This was a familiar sensation to her because she had been an expert of the martial way, but she had not felt this sensation over these past few months.

Was her strength about to be restored?

She did not dare to hope.

At the same time, she suddenly saw a faint light in front of her.

Heng Yuge instinctively blinked her eyes and that light gradually grew clearer. Things that were blurry gradually grew sharper until she realized to her astonishment that she could see again. Her world had been shrouded in darkness but her vision was slowly being restored.

"This..." Heng Yuge found it completely unbelievable.

Was it that simple?

This was the moment when she finally understood the rumors that surrounded Ye Qingyu on the Road of Chaos. She finally comprehended the weight behind his words when he had promised that he would be able to kill those below the Great Saint realm and could even stand a fighting chance against Great Saint experts.

When her vision was restored, Heng Yuge could finally see Ye Qingyu clearly again after four years.

She saw that he was still as handsome as he had been four years ago, but upon a closer look, she could see that there was an added layer of authoritative aura to his handsome features that had not been there before. He looked dependable and trustworthy. This miraculous man was truly peerless and outstanding and Heng Yuge suddenly felt more hopeful that they could pull this rescue mission off.

She fervently hoped that her daughter was still alive and had not been killed by Miao Wuhen and his evil underlings.

"Many thanks," Heng Yuge said.

She had already recovered half of her cultivation and the scar on her face had also faded.

"You're welcome. Please continue to recover your inner yuan and rest, then we'll enter the city," Ye Qingyu said with a smile. He wanted to first observe the situation in Flowing Light City. At the same time, two light-purple flames appeared in his eyes as he used the [Eyes of the Void] to see through all deceptive illusions. He wanted to see how many Greater One Sect experts were standing guard in Flowing Light City at the moment.

Then, Heng Yuge's face suddenly changed and she clutched at her chest as though she sensed something. "I… I don't feel so good… I think I heard Leng Yuxi struggling. She's still alive, she's definitely still alive. But she's in extreme pain. We have to enter the city now… Brother Ye Qingyu, can we?"

Ye Qingyu then retracted his consciousness power. He had sensed something.

"Sure, let's go."

There was a flash of splendor by means of his mental command and both of them disappeared on the spot.

In the next instant, they both appeared at the foot of Flowing Light City's city gates.

Ye Qingyu did not enter the city because the great army of the Greater One Sect stood in front of Flowing Light City on the opposite end.

Thousands of heavily armed guards stood like a black counter-current in front of the gates of Flowing Light City. Every one of them was a peak Heaven Ascension realm expert and they stood like terrifying killing machines surrounded by dark-red evil qi that was so strong it practically seemed solid. Thousands of people stood together in a formation meant to kill, and evil qi gathered like destructive blood clouds that exuded a terrifying aura.

A nine-meter-tall, black metal stake stood high in the middle of this formation and an iron cage hung from the stake. There seemed to be someone within the black cage. To his surprise, Ye Qingyu found that his vision was obstructed by that blood cloud evil qi and he could not see anything at that moment.

Twenty Iron Mountain large beasts native to the Clear River Domain were under the thick metal stake. These beasts could carry huge burdens and each beast was at least three meters tall. It was said that these beasts had a force of five thousand kilograms. They were clad in black, iron cast-armor and breathed roughly through their noses. They stood sternly where they were and they carried a gilded golden carriage that was roughly a hundred square meters on their backs. There was a flag erected on top of the carriage that fluttered in the wind with a large "Miao" symbol on the flag. A sinister, middle-aged man with a hooked nose sat boldly on a seat made of bone under the flag.

Ye Qingyu and Heng Yuge stopped when they were fifty meters away from the army.

They looked up.

"That man… it's him, Miao Wuhen." Heng Yuge's gaze immediately fell on that middle-aged man with the hooked nose. She looked as though she was on fire. Her gaze was like sharp swords that pierced through that man—she was completely overcome with rage.

Ye Qingyu glanced at that man and nodded, "Got it, I'll kill him for you."

Then, he raised his hand and readied to attack.

At that moment, Miao Wuhen cackled sinisterly from his gilded chariot that faced them.

He stared at Ye Qingyu and nodded proudly, "Haha, this is great. This is just brilliant. You've arrived even before I released the news. You're the person who murdered the master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, right? You even brought that traitorous chief, Heng Yuge, along with you? From the looks of her, I can tell that you've already healed her. I'm amazed by your skills… You must be very powerful. I'm very pleased with you. Haha, do you see the steel stake behind me?"

Miao Wuhen rose to his feet and a faint beam of energy shot from his hand.

Bam!

There was a soft sound.

That faint palm energy shook the steel stake with a booming noise.

The iron cage suspended from the steel stake rattled loudly from the impact.

Then, the sound of an infant crying could be heard from the iron cage. The infant had already been crying and her voice was slightly hoarse.

The person trapped inside the cage was an infant.

The moment Heng Yuge heard the infant's cries, the pain in her heart intensified. She paused for a second, then immediately realized something and yelled angrily, "No… it is Leng Yuxi. It is Leng Yuxi inside the cage… You vile creature, what have you done to my daughter? I'm going to kill you…"

This amazing woman, who had always remained calm and rational, was almost driven to the point of insanity at that moment.

This was the love of a mother.

This was a bond shared by a mother and her child. Even though she could not see the features of the infant due to the evil blood qi, she could clearly sense that the infant trapped inside the cage was her child. The faint crying sounds through the wind tore at her heart. All her worry and longing for her child over the past couple of months welled to the surface as though a dam had broken, causing her to throw all caution to the wind.

"Don't be rash." Ye Qingyu immediately stopped her.

"Leng Yuxi, she's on top…" Heng Yuge was on the verge of collapsing.

Ye Qingyu clapped a hand on her shoulder and said slowly with an emphasis on each word, "Don't worry. Leave everything to me."

Then, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] appeared with one thought from him and slowly turned as he stood suspended in midair. Wisps of bright-yellow silk ribbons fell from it that protected Heng Yuge within. Thereafter, he slowly walked toward the black-armored army.

On the opposite end—

"Who are you?"

Miao Wuhen asked as he stared at Ye Qingyu from the gilded chariot.

At that moment, he could not connect this young man in white to any expert from the Clear River Domain. He also found that his [Eyes of the Void] was unable to discern this young man's strength. This piqued his curiosity even more.

"I'm the person who will kill you." A purple light slowly formed in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

He wanted to check if there were any formations or traps within that steel stake and iron cage before he decided on his next move. If the infant within the cage was truly Leng Yuxi, he could not exert too much strength because she was just a defenseless infant. Furthermore, she was Leng Xiaoran's last descendant, so if anything happened to her, all their previous efforts would have been in vain.

The [Eyes of the Void] could see past all deceptive traps.

The moment he looked, he was suddenly overcome with an anger that burned brightly in his heart.

He clearly saw that the tiny infant, who was as cute and shiny as a jade carving, had her hand and foot tendons cut by a sharp knife. The person who performed the act was highly-skilled and cruel, causing fresh blood to flow from her tiny hands and feet one drop at a time. She would not die due to loss of blood for the time being but she would be in extreme pain. Furthermore, sharp and thin spiky barbs pierced through her shoulders, tying her tightly to this iron cage. And these barbs were connected to thick chains that were full of hidden formation shadows. It was obvious that there was a formation within that would be activated to blow the baby to bits if anyone tried to rescue the child.

This was such a cruel method of torture.

These people were rotten to the core.

That baby was suffering intensely but she could not faint. She frantically cried as she struggled but the more she struggled, the more intense the pain became. Her voice was already hoarse from crying and it was a horrific sight to behold.

A strong killing intent spread from his body like a hurricane.

"All of you must die."

He transformed into a bolt of lightning that instantly charged toward the iron cage.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 932:


Chapter 949 – Just Two Beams of Sword Light


Seeing Ye Qingyu’s actions, Miao Wuhen cracked a silent smile as he sat motionlessly on the gilded chariot, as calm as a cat toying with a rat.

Given no signal by their chief commander, the army of Black Armor Warriors beside him, too, remain motionless, resembling black iron sculptures and showing why they were truly a frightening steel legion.

Ye Qingyu promptly arrived in front of the iron cage above the stake at the next moment.

A beam of sword light burst out from his palm and sliced toward the cage.

Nothing’s more urgent than the rescue.

Just then, however, Miao Wuhen laughed savagely as if seeing a prey fall into his trap. As his palm shimmered, he seemed to activate some kind of formation which immediately caused an immense bloodsucking power to flicker on the barbs within the baby Leng Yuxi’s body, seeming on the verge of blowing the baby asunder.

Subsequently, Miao Wuhen would just have to wait for the moment when Ye Qingyu became enraged and lost his senses.

He had calculated all of this beforehand.

Ever since he saw Heng Yuge and this young man appearing together, he knew that his trap had been planned correctly. That the duo would come alone to perform this rescue proved that the baby was very important to this young man. And certainly, the first reaction of anyone who saw their rescue target dying within their reach was that of disbelief if not anger.

This would then lead to a loss of attention.

And as long as Ye Qingyu lost his attention, Miao Wuhen would be able to find an opportunity.

A fine crack rapidly appeared on the latter’s palm at this moment and turned into a sharp mouth which was densely packed with fangs, preparing to soar into the sky where it would begin devouring.

However, something which Miao Wuhen did not expect happened at this instant.

Ye Qingyu suddenly opened his mouth and spat out a drop of fresh blood which, upon landing on the baby Leng Yuxi, turned into veins that wrapped the latter up and gave off a heart-palpitating aura.

It was an ancient formation print technique, containing immense power, which Miao Wuhen had never seen before. Within an instant, it incinerated the barbs in the baby’s body while also freezing the power of annihilation which had just been manifested by the formation chains within these barbs.

The earlier streak of sword light cut open not only the iron cage but also the formation chains.

Ye Qingyu reached his hands forward and brought the baby into his arms before injecting a stream of yuan qi into the little one’s body. Under the effect of the surging life aura, the latter’s wounds disappeared completely in an instant. The torn hand and foot tendons were repaired, while the bloody perforations at the shoulders also disappeared completely.

The baby, which had still been crying in terror, no longer felt any pain and was shrouded in unprecedented comfort. Its tears immediately turned into a smile as it instinctively reached out its chubby, tiny hands with the intention of touching Ye Qingyu’s face.

“What a cute child.” Ye Qingyu lowered his head and looked into those crystal-clear eyes. A warm feeling was roused in his heart as he inwardly vowed to protect the life of this young girl, for she was the daughter and final descendant of the heroine Leng Xiaoran.

Below.

“How is this possible?”

Shocked, Miao Wuhen straightened his body and stood up.

It should be known that the formation chains which he had fastened on to the baby were created using a secret technique not from the Clear River Domain. With just a single thought, he could activate them to cause widespread destruction. No outsider knew about the secret behind them, while even a formation master would have absolutely no way of sealing this formation chain technique within a short amount of time.

“Who are you?” He was no longer as calm as before.

Above.

Ye Qingyu did not reply.

He carefully took a white robe out from his storage ring and used it to wrap the little one up. Smiling, he held her in his arms with just his left hand. When he then lowered his head to look at Miao Wuhen, the chill in his eyes seemed sufficient to freeze the entire world.

“Die!”

Without answering the latter’s question, he swooped downward like a giant eagle.

“You are too… presumptuous.” Miao Wuhen raged. “Do you really think I can’t kill you?”

He pressed his palms in the Void lightly, causing a dense pack of green formations to emerge and form a giant round plate in front of himself. Like a yin-yang chaotic divine plate, it generated layers upon layers of mysteries and spun according to his thoughts. Streaks of green-lit murderous spirit violently shot out from it and toward the downward-swooping Ye Qingyu.

“Death Essence… of Heavenly Destruction!”

Roaring monstrously, Miao Wuhen exerted a heaven-defying killing move.

In a flash, the dense streaks of green-lit murderous spirit tore through the Void and inundated Ye Qingyu, as if it would pulverize him into green smoke at the very next instant.

There was an indifference in Ye Qingyu’s eyes, as if he had seen nothing.

A wind swept his black hair up.

The baby in his arms let out a cheerful laughter.

“[Divine Emperor Sword Mantra]… Strike!”

He casually drew a line in the Void.

The Divine Emperor sword will shot forth.

The spattering silver glow of the visible sword will formed a dazzling trail in the Void. Devoid of formations and vigor, it was like a bright airstream with an indescribable aesthetic appeal. It brought to mind the eye beams of an all-domineering divine emperor lowering his head to look down on all creation from above the clouds.

This was the first time Ye Qingyu had displayed the Divine Emperor sword will while fighting against an enemy.

The universe was torn into two with a slice of the sword light.

Including the oncoming green-lit murderous spirit which surged tempestuously.

And the gilded chariot below.

And the white-bone divine throne.

And also… one of Miao Wuhen’s arms.

Had he not shifted slightly at the very last critical moment and made some reactions, it would have been his entire body which was sliced into two.

“How can you be… this strong?”

He was terribly astonished.

The arm was cut off completely, leaving a mirror-like splendor on the stump. Miao Wuhen shockingly realized that, despite his cultivation, he was unable to regenerate his flesh at this moment, as if a mysterious power had sealed the stump up.

If it was my body which was sliced by that beam of sword light just now, would I already be dead by now?

What sorcery of a sword technique is this?

How can it be this frightening?

Did he really so easily sunder the [Death Essence of Heavenly Destruction]?

Is he a Great Saint realm expert?

Miao Wuhen retreated wildly.

“Activate, [Great Array of Heavenly Punishment], and grind him to death!”

Sensing that things were no good, he hurriedly ordered.

Rawrrr…!

Thousands of angry roars sounded at the same time.

Upon receiving an order from their chief commander, the Black Armor Warriors finally responded. Amid the angry roars, every one of them frantically worked up the yuan qi in their body and displayed some kind of secret technique. For an instant, evil qi seemed to become energized and began to twist in midair. Green streaks of a strange radiance crept across the ground beneath the warriors and formed a chessboard-like pattern, harnessing the power stored within the depths of the land, with every intersection point of the green radiance being a spot where a Black Armor Warrior was standing.

A huge array of annihilation emerged across the land, resembling a dense chessboard-like arrangement of formations, each of which contained a destructive killing intent.

The so-called [Great Array of Heavenly Punishment] effectively harnessed the land’s power and gathered the warriors into an arrangement.

In reality, it had been fully set up beneath the ground surface earlier on.

Thousands of armored warriors, roused by blood and driven by force, became united in thought as they worked up this terrifying array.

A frightening power of annihilation surged among the universe.

Twisting like the eye of a storm, it entrapped Ye Qingyu at its centermost.

“Haha, grind him to death for me.” With his remaining hand pressing against the stump of the broken arm, Miao Wuhen swiftly blended into the arrangement of thousands of Black Armor Warriors and disappeared in a flash. However, his angry bawls continued to resound throughout the universe. “Little rascal, you’ll die for sure under the [Great Array of Heavenly Punishment] no matter who you are, and I shall then devour your flesh. No one person can resist the power of the land and a thousand men. You’ll be ground down bit by bit, even if it takes a while.”

There was nothing he wanted more than to mince Ye Qingyu into paste.

To him, it was simply unforgivable for the latter to have chopped off his arm during a momentary lapse of attention.

However, his angry roars became surprised cries at the next instant.

This was because, in the face of the world-destroying array, the white-robed man who was standing on the broken gilded chariot with the baby in his arms continued to use his fingers as a sword which he swung casually.

Another dazzling beam of sword will surged forth and sundered the world.

Even if there was greater power, more armored warriors, a more terrifying array, a more advantageous situation, or… all advantages and stratagems imaginable, nothing seemed adequate in front of this sword will splendor. Without making a sound, the second move of the Divine Emperor sword will swiftly sliced everything into two, as if it was tearing paintings, chopping water, and shattering dreams.

With a strike, it broke the array!

More than half of the thousands of Black Armor Warriors died to this single strike.

The land in front of the city gate was sliced apart by this one strike, creating a kilometer-long sword mark which gave the impression that the land had fissured. The array which was engraved underground was also totally destroyed and could no longer be activated.

As Miao Wuhen stood within the broken formation of heavenly punishment, he was surrounded by wailing and struggling Black Armor Warriors.

Completely dazed, his body shuddered as he stared fixedly at Ye Qingyu, who was standing on the broken gilded chariot.

He could not believe that two beams of sword radiance was all it took for his opponent to dismantle the trap he had racked his brain to set up. Seeing that the latter was standing quietly with the calmness of a banished Immortal, especially in those indifferent and piercing eyes, he had a false sense that the latter was the true hunter since the beginning, while he himself was no more than a self-important prey.

It turns out that I was wrong from the very start.

He ain’t pretty strong.

Instead, he’s very strong… too strong!

In front of such absolute strength, all my schemes are like paper theories, so pitiful, absurd, and lamentable.

He abruptly realized that a person like this was definitely not from the Clear River Domain.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

