Chapter 573:


Chapter 592, Fast change of scene (2)

Hu Bugui nodded his head.

The two men continued to move at a lightning-like speed.

Looking at Ye Qingyu gracefully and lightly leaping in the air, Hu Bugui revealed a crafty expression, and couldn't help bursting into laughter, “Hahaha, Little brother Ye, how can you still move so nimbly in such a big, fat body?”

A helpless expression crossed Ye Qingyu’s face when he heard what was said. Pretending not to hear, they continued along the edge of the blood lake.

Suddenly----

Clang!

In front came the clank of metal…

The two looked ahead at the same time, but it was a fallen copper gourd.

“What is this?” Hu Bugui said.

Ye Qingyu carefully studied it, and found that the copper gourd was inscribed with some strange markings that he had never seen before, and that the style of the markings seemed a little strange. He was unable to understand it for now.

The copper gourd had been flattened to an unrecognizable shape, and the hole at the bottom was leaking out drops of foul black liquid.

Che!

The black liquid had just flowed to the ground, when a burst of black smoke shot up.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui instantaneously reacted, activating yuan qi to withstand this black aura.

In the blink of an eye, the hundred of meters around the copper gourd had turned to stench-emitting scorched earth!

“Damn, it's that thing!” Hu Bugui cursed.

“What exactly is it?” Ye Qingyu asked.

Hu Bugui suppressed his feelings of disgust to explain. “That is a filthy thing of the Demon Ape clan. That clan is disgusting, every once in a while their body will secrete a strange liquid, and this kind of liquid itself has an intense corrosive power.”

Ye Qingyu also felt nauseous when he heard this. “They take this disgusting thing as their weapon?”

Hu Bugui answered, “Not only as a weapon. The Demon Ape clan treats this dirty thing as a symbol of strength, the more smelly it is, the more attention they will receive from the female demon apes. Even the Prince-level demon apes are like this. After some refining and ritual, this kind of extremely toxic thing, like the shadow of a lightning, will make even Immortal Step experts keep their distance!”

Ye Qingyu initially felt a chill down his spine, and then suddenly thought of something, asked, “The one in front, doesn't the flat gourd mean the owner of the gourd has been killed?”

Hu Bugui nodded, “Should be. The Demon Ape clan sees this dirty thing to be more important than their life, if still alive, he will absolutely not throw this broken gourd away. Look at the corrosiveness and stench of that drop of black liquid just now, he must be least an Immortal Step expert!”

“That's good news then,” Ye Qingyu said.

Hu Bugui curled his lips as he said, “Let's go, this disgusting thing stinks.”

Before he finished his sentence, he took the lead and passed over the area that the black liquid had corroded, flying right to the front.

Ye Qingyu followed, speeding forward.

After a moment, the two came to a stop.

In front of them was a giant tree with the width of a dozen people that was blocking their path.

Before this, a towering giant tree was concealed in the dense red mist emitting from the blood lake. Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui were only able to see a clear outline of the giant tree from a distance of a dozen of meters away.

“The smell of this tree is too strange,” Ye Qingyu said, frowning.

“Look at the roots of this tree!” Hu Bugui exclaimed.

Ye Qingyu followed the direction that Hu Bugui pointed to, and noticed that the roots of the giant tree had been completely submerged in the blood lake. However what was extremely strange was that, at this time, the giant tree's roots were like a living creature, squirming about, just like a giant python, and the surrounding bloody water was bubbling as though the roots were absorbing the blood water in the lake.

Hu Bugui and Ye Qingyu carefully investigated the strange giant tree, and noticed that the bark of the giant tree was suffused with an abnormal dark red luster, and even the leaves were flickering with ominous dark red markings.

“This tree can unexpectedly absorb the experts’ blood in the lake! There must be something strange going on!” Ye Qingyu stated, his eyes fixed on the strange giant tree.

“I remember we passed by here one month ago and never saw such a towering tree. Surely the strangeness of the tree and the blood of experts are not linked, could it be a mutation?” Hu Bugui said firmly.

“It is an evil creature, it emits an evil and bloody aura, must be an ominous object. If we allow it to absorb the essence and blood of the thousands of experts in the blood lake, it will most likely become an existence that will destroy the heavens and earth, we must not leave it!”

A killing intent surfaced in Ye Qingyu's mind.

Without a word, he aimed his purple lightning fist at the trunk of the giant tree.

Crash!

A strange change happened!

Just as Ye Qingyu's fist was about to strike the giant tree, the blood lake surged.

Countless octopus-tentacle-like roots rose from the blood lake, frantically swinging and jabbing in the direction of Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was slightly startled for a moment, but his fist power did not change in the slightest. Rather, a terrifying cold aura broke out, causing the temperature to plummet, and the tentacle-like roots instantaneously froze, turning into a powder-like substance.

Now that Ye Qingyu had recovered his yuan qi power, his fighting power had increased, it did not require much effort for him to defeat a recently mutated demon tree.

A moment later, all the roots of the giant tree retracted into the blood lake.

The tree trunk swayed and shook, passing out its thoughts.

“This evil creature has consciousness?” Ye Qingyu was astonished.

“It's begging for mercy?” Hu Bugui asked, glancing at Ye Qingyu.

“Yes, but this tree is too evil. It absorbs blood to live, it is destined to be a dangerous thing to the world, I absolutely cannot leave it to cause disaster!” Ye Qingyu could tell that this bloody giant tree absolutely cannot stay. There was no longer the slightest mercy in his heart.

After all Ye Qingyu had experienced, he still firmly believed in the principle of eradicating all evil.

“This originally should not belong to this world. Let ashes turn to ashes, dust turn to dust, go.”

Before his voice faded away-----

Boom!

The fist intent of Ye Qingyu’s ice punch erupted.

In the blink of an eye, the chill had sharply increased. A wisp of [Supreme Ice Flame] struck and without penetrating into the tree trunk, the towering tree trunk, leaves and the octopus-tentacle-like roots had instantaneously froze, turned to dust, and dispersed across the sky and earth.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui stared at the ashes of the giant tree, slightly sighing!

The war between the Human Race and the Demon Race was very tragic; there were most likely many similar demonic lands like the blood lake!

Following this, how many horrifying monsters would be created and cause violence across the human land.

The two of them ran silently toward the periphery of the Greater One mountain region.

Along the way, everywhere were severed limbs and, angry and shocked, the two buried all the Human Race experts that sacrificed themselves fighting against the Demon Race.

A few days later.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui walked into a deathly quiet valley and could sense the yuan qi aftermath of a battle ahead.

The two men exchanged a glance with each other before speeding ahead.

After a few moments, the body of a giant demon spider, like a mountain, emerged from the thick demonic qi.

“My heavens, this is... must be one of the Prince of the Demon Spider Race, unexpectedly he had also fallen, turned into a corpse!” Hu Bugui looked up and was shocked to see the corpses of the Demon Race across the hills.

Even a Prince of the Demon Spider Race had fallen in this chaotic battle.

“It looks like it's been dead for a while.” Ye Qingyu forcibly suppressed the shock inside and carefully investigated.

“Tut-tut, look, this big guy has bad luck, not only has it been defeated, all its useful parts are gone, only its empty shell is left, haha!” Hu Bugui circled round the Demon Spider.

He was evidently gloating over the fall of the Demon Spider expert.

“Those Demon Spiders are full of treasures; their poison needles are the best material for refining into a weapon, the venom in their poisonous glands can be refined into a poison that can paralyze a similar level expert. The fluid in their silk glands in the belly can be used to make spider silk, which can be refined into a weapon. Tut tut, even his organs have been taken away to make medicine, his legs to make weapons, even his eyeballs too.”

Ye Qingyu, while listening to Hu Bugui ramble on, continued examining the corpse.

The huge spider body was covered with numerous sword marks, and had evidently been through a fierce battle. Inserted into the middle of his head was a broken blade.

The blade was pierced straight into the center of the spider, and cracks were spreading across his body from the wound caused by the broken blade. The broken blade was almost completely inserted into the spider's body, if Ye Qingyu was not sharp-eyed, he almost had not noticed this.

Evidently, the sword was what killed the Demon Spider.

“Since this Demon Spider died here, what about the owner of this broken sword?”

Ye Qingyu asked.

From the countless sword scars across the spider's body, it should have fought against many people.

And the remaining qi contained within these sword scars were all very different, which meant that people who cultivate different kinds of yuan qi have battled against the Demon Spider together.

Ye Qingyu secretly hoped that the human who killed the Demon Spider had successfully escaped and left, but...

He had a faint feeling in his heart that things were not what he hoped for.

“Old Hu, come and look at the broken sword.” Ye Qingyu shouted.

Hu Bugui followed Ye Qingyu over.

“This is---“ Hu Bugui felt his heart palpitating when he saw the broken sword.

Ye Qingyu hesitantly glanced at Hu Bugui.

Hu Bugui’s complexion immediately turned serious. He examined the broken sword, and as though he suddenly thought of something, his brows tightly wrinkled together.

“This is the life weapon of the Master of the Hidden Sword Sect.” Hu Bugui gasped.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything, waiting for Hu Bugui to continue.

Hu Bugui paused for a moment, then said, “The master of the Hidden Sword Sect is a noble person and famous across Clear River Domain. He is forthright and straightforward, and does not associate himself with any villain. He is a true gentleman, righteous, kind, and generous. Back when my strength was still insignificant, I was chased by enemies. Fortunately, the Master of the Hidden Sword Sect lent a helping hand. Later, I became the leader of the 18 great thieves of Clear River Domain that everyone feared, my bad reputation spread far, but he still treated me as before, and never showed a shred of hostility towards me. He is one of the few clean streams in the turbid Clear River Domain.”

Recalling the memories of the past, Hu Bugui revealed a respectful look.

But here, his face suddenly took on an abrupt change, saying mournfully, “The mental cultivation methods that the Hidden Sword Sect cultivates are different from other sects, each disciple has a weapon in their life, that is their life weapon. The Hidden Sword Sect Master's life weapon is this sword; the sword lives, the master lives, the sword dies the master also dies.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 574:


Chapter 593 Evil and sick

Ye Qingyu's heart pounded, his fears and foreboding feelings had actually come true.

The deep ditches of varying depths on the ground extended beyond the body of the Demon Spider expert, and the Demon Spider seemed to have struggled from the deep ditch to here.

“The Master of the Hidden Sword Sect may not be far away.” Ye Qingyu looked at the deep ditch and said, “let's look further ahead.”

Hu Bugui nodded, and followed along the deep ditch with Ye Qingyu.

About five minutes later.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui finally found the starting point of the ditch.

“Found him,” Hu Bugui said, looking ahead, with an unconcealable expression of grief and sadness.

Hundreds of meters ahead of them were dozens of bodies of martial experts scattered on the ground, killed in an extremely tragic way.

Half of the dozens of corpse wore blue robes and the other half earth-yellow robes.

And the dozens of people were drenched in blood, there were some bright red, also some exuding the vile stench of the Demon Race’s blood.

What they had in common was that they were wielding an incomplete broken sword, their body densely covered with holes of more or less the same sizes, like they had been punctured, but there were no sharp objects present at the scene.

Within a hundred meter radius, the ground was covered with holes.

This was the scar and trace of being struck by a Demon Spider’s barb.

Hu Bugui slowly made his way through the middle of the dozens of corpses, Ye Qingyu following behind.

In the center of the battlefield, a grey-haired old man laid on the ground.

The old man's face was dignified and imposing, his eyes wide open looking in front. A visible, bone-deep wound extended from his forehead to chin, exposing the scarlet-red flesh to the air, hideous and terrifying.

The old man’s blue robe was stained with blood and his body was covered with numerous wounds. His left arm was torn from the shoulder, and the limb was nowhere in sight, leaving only the bones bare.

In his right hand was a half broken sword firmly held in the palm.

The blade of the broken sword was full of gaps, with a dark green blood liquid that belonged to the Demon Spider Race emitting a nasty stench.

“Old Master, I came too late,” Hu Bugui heaved a long sigh, slowly kneeling down in front of the old man's body, he lowered his head and said softly.

His eyes were flickering tears, gazing at the old man’s corpse, like a child looking at a loving elderly, with a trace of dependence and reluctance to part.

Ye Qingyu also felt mournful, but did not know what to say.

The world was in a state of chaos, heroes had fallen.

The Human Race was slaughtered, and a great man was buried in the evil lands.

Besides life, there was only death.

The sight in front really maked one’s heart feel heavy.



Hu Bugui stretched out his hand, gently sweeping over the old man's face, and closing the old man's eyes.

“This is the Master of the Hidden Sword Sect?” Ye Qingyu asked in a low voice.

Hu Bugui did not speak, silently nodding.

Ye Qingyu noticed that not far away was a middle-aged man in an earthy-yellow robe, and the man's face had sunk in, as if it was crushed by a heavy object and was beyond recognition. A one-meter-long venomous sting was skewered through his body, and a strong foul smell was emanating from his body. His exposed skin had almost completely turned blackish green.

“This is the Master of the Earth Spirit Sect, a close friend of the Master of the Hidden Sword Sect,” Hu Bugui said faintly when he saw his corpse.

“The venomous sting had stabbed through his heart. Once the venom spreads into the heart and lungs, one will be paralyzed right away, and lose the strength to fight back,” Hu Bugui explained.

Ye Qingyu scanned the surroundings; the dozens of blue- and yellow-robed Human Race masters still maintained a brave expression on their faces, without the slightest hint of timidity.

Before they died, some had their limbs severed and even lost their fighting strength, but still wielded their swords in a defensive stance!

“They must have teamed up to successfully kill one of the Prince’s of the Demon Spider Race.” Hu Bugui closed his eyes, his throat trembling. “Unfortunately, they still died in such a way and could not survive.”

“These two Masters are only at the pinnacle of the Heaven Ascension stage,” Ye Qingyu sighed with regret, “Yet they could do this. It is astonishing, they are the real heroes, and should be remembered by their descendants for many generations.”

A Demon Spider Prince was equivalent to an Immortal Step expert, and not someone that two Heaven Ascension Human Race experts would be able to defeat. And these two masters also were able to unite these dozens of young disciples to kill the Demon Spider Prince together!

Ye Qingyu couldn’t even imagine how fierce and tragic the battle was!

Hu Bugui did not say anything else. He silently took out a jar of wine, raised it skyward, and sprinkled across the ground.

He closed his eyes and silently prayed in his heart.

Then, as he did a few days ago on the blood lake, he struck a deep pit on the ground, then placed the dozens of bodies one by one in the pits and buried them in yellow sandy soil.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything, just silently accompanied Hu Bugui to move the corpse, and sprinkled the yellow soil over the corpses.

Having done all this, the two men stood silent for a long while before the raised soil.

At this time, another sudden change happened.

A shrill voice came.

“Haha, I really have not seen such fools before!”

Startled, Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui twisted around toward the source of the sound.

A group of human experts in light blue silk robes had unknowingly gathered and were coming over from all four sides, with a glint of mockery and contempt in their eyes.

They were led by a middle-aged man clad in a mysterious cloud patterned robe with gold edges and with three strands of long beard. His face was quite dignified, but the corner of his mouth and tip of his brows contained a trace of evil spirit.

It was only at this time when Ye Qingyu noticed that, in the sky, within a radius of hundreds of meters, there was already a layer of light blue boundary walls blocking them.

Ye Qingyu came to understand that this group of people must have been hiding around using a very clever formation, so he had not discovered their presence before. Moreover, they took advantage of the chance while he and Hu Bugui were burying the bodies and relaxed their vigilance to set up the boundary walls before showing themselves.

“Hey, you two pigs, still standing there blankly, get on your knees, take out all your treasures!” A man with black blotches on his face threatened, “Otherwise, we will slash you with a knife for three days and three nights until you beg for mercy.”

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui knitted their brows, exchanged a brief glance with each other, and did not say a single word.

“Two lowly pigs, do you not understand human words? Are you getting down on your knees? To run into us, consider yourself unlucky...” Next to the middle-aged man was another about twenty-year-old young man, thrusting out his sword to point at Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui.

Hu Bugui's eyes flashed a hint of murderous intent.

He took a step forward, staring at the middle-aged leader with three strands of beard, and said in a low voice “I know you, you are the Master of the Flowing Water Sect, Gu Dewen, right?”

The middle-aged man slightly raised his head when he heard this, a look of surprise crossing his face. “You recognize me?”

Hu Bugui did not reply.

Gu Dewen laughed coldly. “It is not surprising, I am a mighty person in Clear River Domain, my name is known far and wide. Haha, it is no wonder that you recognize me, but I do not know you. Presumably you must not be any powerful figure. I advise you to not mess with me, obediently bring out all your treasures, and I can reward you with a complete corpse.”

Hu Bugui chuckled. “The former [Flowing Water Nobleman Sword] Gu Dewen of an upright sect has resorted to robbery business, it really is funny!”

Before the Master of the Flowing Water Sect responded, the dark blotches man behind him viciously retorted, “Ywo juniors that do not know the immensity of the heavens and earth, hurry and take out the treasures you found from those corpses! A few days ago we did not thoroughly search their bodies for treasures and left, the rest of the treasures must be on you, or why would you be so kind as to bury this group of dead people!”

Hu Bugui’s complexion immediately changed when he hear what he said, lightning flashed across his eyes, and exploded at the man with dark blotches, “what did you just say? Searched their bodies for treasures?! A few days ago you searched for treasures from the people of the Hidden Sword Sect and Earth Spirit Sect?

The blotchy skinned man was instinctively terrified by Hu Bugui’s menacing look, and drew back a step before he could react. “Humph, what’s the big deal. They are dead, their treasures have no owners, and we are just making good use of trash. Besides, if we did not take the Demon Spider's furry barb, which is a good material for making weapons, it will just be buried with them, right? Since we are all part of the Human Race, we only took their treasures, and did not take their bodies to refine into pills and medicines!”

Hu Bugui manically laughed and gritted his teeth. “Use corpses to refine into pills and medicine? You guys are evil and sick.”

The young man who spoke first responded with a sinister grin.

He was elated, and seemed to really enjoy the feeling. “Hey, thank you for your compliments. There are more interesting things than this, do you want to listen? Haha, that day if we did not lure those people here, they wouldn’t be forced to kill the Demon Spider Prince together with us. In the end both sides suffered, while our Flowing Water Sect benefitted, otherwise, we really wouldn’t be able to get the treasures of that damned demon. Haha, it’s a gift from heavens!”

“What?” Hu Bugui’s body was trembling violently. “Say that again.”

A kind of murderous intent that Ye Qingyu had never before felt from Hu Bugui was silently diffusing. At this moment Ye Qingyu could clearly feel that this great thief, like a volcano dormant for tens of thousands of years, was about to erupt.

Opposite.

The young man was unaware.

He still had a sneer on his face, “Haha, what? Are you angry? Unfortunately, as the weak, it’s meaningless to get angry. Oh, yes, I see you just buried those dead, then... Well, here’s something for you.”

As he spoke, from the hoard of treasures and weapons, he took out a severed arm and tossed it over to Hu Bugui like rubbish.

“Hey, this is the dead old man’s left arm. A few days ago we saw that his left arm looked very powerful, so we thought it can be taken back to refine into a weapon. But it had been infected with the venom of the Demon Spider Race. It is useless, here, take it, bury them together!”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 575:


Chapter 594, Who are you?

Hu Bugui caught the half severed arm that was thrown over.

With just one glance at the sleeve, he recognized that this was the arm of the Master of the Hidden Sword Sect.

An indescribable sadness surfaced in Hu Bugui’s heart.

The Human Race heroes that killed the Demon Spiders were not even able to preserve their bodies, and treated as weapons by the scums of the Flowing Water Sect. Why do so many shameless scum exist in this world?

Why were the ones that died in battle not scums, rather the heroes of the Vast Heaven Sect, Hidden Sword Sect and the Earth Spirit Sect?

Hu Bugui carefully put away the severed arm.

Then, he slowly raised his head.

There was a bone-chilling glow flashing in his eyes.

“Today, you all have to die... Raging Flame Fist!”

Deep and merciless sounds slowly and clearly erupted from him, like two long knives rubbing against each other, sending shivers down one's spine.

Before his voice faded.

Hu Bugui thrust his fist out.

A shaft of golden fist light, like a blazing flame, violently shot out, almost nearing the man opposite with dark blotches.

Startled, the man swiftly operated a mysterious technique to bring a light blue shield in front to protect his body.

In the blink of the eye, the golden fist struck the pale blue light shield.

Boom!

In the air came a deafening sound like a bubble being burst.

The light blue shield instantly turned to ashes.

Before the black man was able to react, the golden flame fist was inches away from his eyebrows!

“Ah...” In the dark blotches man's throat a low roar of shock began, and rooted to the spot, his eyes shot wide open, his face took on a look of horror and under the skin were already movements of golden flames. As he opened his mouth, golden flames came gushing out.

His body instantly, from inside out, was burning up.

Before the rest of the people could react, the dark blotches man, in less than two or three seconds, was completely incinerated, including his flesh and bones, becoming ashes that drifted off in the air.

In the air, there was a terrifying smell.

Hu Bugui was like the god of death, succeeding in one single move. He closed the distance between him and the people of the Flowing Water Sect in a few long strides.

“You... who the hell is that?” The Master of the Flowing Water Sect Ge Dewen had an abrupt change of expression.

At this moment, he realized that the two fat and thin men opposite were absolute experts.

This time, they had really made a grave error.

In only a few moments, thoughts of retreat began to enter his mind.

But Hu Bugui was filled with killing intent. Would he let them escape so easily?

“Oh, who are we? I'm just a passer-by who couldn't stand you bastards!”

Laughing wildly, Hu Bugui punched out once more.

It was still the Raging Flame Fist.

The flaming fist shadow shattered the air, leaving a burst of intense heat descending like a vast sun.

The light rays were almost twisted under the intense glow and heat.

The Flowing Water Sect Master almost lost his soul.

Seeing Hu Bugui's power, he immediately knew that it was impossible for him to withstand, but it was already too late to flee. Besides shock, he hurriedly mobilized his whole body of yuan qi to counterattack. A more dazzling, several hundred folds more condensed dark blue shield than the blue light of the dark blotches man protected the Flowing Water Sect Master’s body.

Boom!

The thunderous sound reverberated.

The blue shield seemed impenetrable, but it was not able to hold the golden flame for one second, smashing to pieces in the midst of the rumble.

“This...” The Flowing Water Sect Master roared furiously, his shrinking pupils reflecting a pair of fists, and then, struck by the flame fist, like a little fish in the vast ocean, he was propelled dozens of meters away.

Ka-thung!

He reeled back more than ten steps before he could barely stabilize himself, a panicked and terrified expression on his face, trembling all over, and a number of strange lights on his face changing and flashing. He attempted to use pure inner yuan to suppress the bodily injury, but eventually failed.

“Pff!”

He gushed out a mouthful of blood, his imposing manner rapidly declining, wanted to stand up but lacked strength, and ultimately collapsed to the ground on his back.

At the same time.

Ye Qingyu also made a move.

White ice crystal snowflakes, like an invitation from death, whizzed out, dancing between the flowing lights and shrouded all the other Flowing Water disciples. It was too late for the Flowing Water Sect’s dozens of disciples to fight back, the white ice crystal snowflakes had shot out strands of silk-like icy light into the space between their eyebrows, penetrating into everyone’s body.

The disciples of the Flowing Water Sect only felt as though they had fallen into an ice hell.

The next instant, a chill broke out.

Silver ice crystals rippled out from their eyebrows and instantly enveloped their whole body.

Even before they could let out a scream, the dozens of Flowing Water Sect disciples had become white, chill-emitting ice sculptures.

Death comes at one’s most unprepared moment.

The only exception was the young disciple who was standing alongside the dark blotches man and behind the Flowing Water Sect Master.

This arrogant and despotic young disciple, at this time, like he was frightened stiff, was standing in the same place, unable to budge an inch, unable to open his mouth to beg for mercy, shuddering with a face of horror and despair, and almost lost the ability to respond.

He didn't die because Ye Qingyu deliberately left him for questioning.

The young disciple was emanating faint white mist. Although his body had gone stiff, he was still mobile.

Trembling in fear as he cast a look at Ye Qingyu, it took a long time before a reaction came over him. Suddenly, as though his soul had returned to his body, his stiffened body plopped down to his knees, tears running down his face, sniffling, “Spare... spare me... I failed to recognize great talent, I beg you to let me go!”

Ye Qingyu ignored the young man's begging for mercy, glancing over at Hu Bugui.

The other side.

Hu Bugui fingers turned into a claw, making a grabbing motion in the air.

An invisible force gushed out, directly dragging the Flowing Water Sect Master closer from over dozens of meters away.

Putong!

The Flowing Water Sect Master was thrown to the ground.

Hu Bugui stomped on him.

Kacha!

In the midst of blood sputtering was the fracturing of bones.

“Ah ah ah...” The Flowing Water Sect Master Gu Dewen, like a slaughtered pig, howled, desperately struggling.

One of his arms had been completely crushed by Hu Bugui, trampled into flesh.

Hu Bugui did not show any pity, and continuously kicked out.

Kacha.

Kacha.

There was a continuous number of spine chilling sounds of bone breaking.

Gu Dewen’s arms and legs were all crushed, the blood, bones and the soil mixed together, staining the ground red. It was a sight too gruesome to look at.

He was like a wild boar that had been stabbed several times, frantically howling and struggling.

Ye Qingyu from the other side looked over at Hu Bugui who was overflowing with killing intent, and did not speak.

The strength that Hu Bugui showed at this moment was too astonishing.

Maybe this was the real strength of the bandit leader.

But Ye Qingyu was not afraid, because he knew that Hu Bugui was not a bloodthirsty person. But after all that happened, and thinking about how the Flowing Water Sect's shamelessness and despicableness had really aggravated this great thief, so he used the cruelest way to torture the Flowing Water Sect Master.

Bang.

Hu Bugui, as his foot struck the Flowing Water Sect Master at his chest, looking down disdainfully on him, his eyes icy cold, as he said each word loud and clear, “Gu Dewen, as the master of a Human Race sect, during the war between the Demon and Human Race, you did not go to find ways to fight against the Demon Race, and even turned to harm the Human Race instead! What else do you have to say for yourself?”

Pfff!

The Master of the Flowing Water Sect spurted out a mouthful of blood.

He lay on the ground gasping for breath, his face was so painful that it almost changed shape. Looking at the angry and icy face in front, an indescribable fear submerged him, trembling he said, “Sen... senior... spare... Ever since the Greater One Sect's defeat, the Demon Race breaking through the Greater One mountain gate... human... The Human Race has been defeated, unable to fight again... Junior... I had no other choice, I...”

“Had no choice?” Hu Bugui spat out, “Bah! Weren’t you very fierce just now, now you’re lying on the ground like a dog begging for mercy? Who forced you to kill people? Who forced you to harm your own kind? You’re a master of a sect, was considered an influential person in Clear River Domain, but has fallen to this level... Now listen well, answer what I ask you, if you dare to deceive me, I’ll crush your origin and destroy your consciousness!”

“Yes, yes yes... senior... senior's question, I... absolutely won’t lie...” Gu Dewen promised repeatedly.

Although he looked as though he had suffered a severe injury, but he was after all, a Heaven Ascension expert. As long as his consciousness was not damaged, he can quickly recover. The worse would only be his yuan qi suffering a little damage, which would recover after a few years of cultivation, but if his consciousness was destroyed, both his body and soul would be destroyed, and no longer possess any life force.

Hu Bugui nodded, coldly said, “Speak, how is the situation outside!”

“Senior, the battle that day, the Greater One Sect had suffered disastrous losses, the sect gates were eventually breached. When the Greater One Spiritual Master saw that they could no longer hold the monastery gate, he betrayed his allies and secretly took the treasures that the Greater One Sect had accumulated for thousands of years with him and some of the core disciples to flee. The other major Human Race forces suffered heavy damage... However, I heard that the Demon Spider Race and other major Demon clans were too. So far there had been no significant invasion... But... the Human Race... most likely will vanish from Clear River Domain.”

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui exchanged a glance, without saying a word.

“Continue,” Hu Bugui coldly said.

“Also... well, also... there... Yes, I also heard that the Nangong family is surrounded by the Demon Wolf clan and the Demon Ape clan, isolated and without help, and the master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect has sustained serious injuries and no one knows where he has gone! The whole Clear River Domain is in chaos, without a leader, many of the Human Race sects had to seek asylum from the Demon Spider Race, and the ones that vainly fought against the Demon Spider Race were destroyed... Senior, spare me, we had no choice but to do these things.”

Ye Qingyu’s and Hu Bugui's hearts sank upon hearing this.

If it really was as the Flowing Water Sect Master had said, then the Human Race of Clear River Domain was in a deep crisis!

Looking at the Flowing Water Sect Master lying half dead on the ground and the young man kneeling not too far away, there was killing intent emerging on the two men’s face.

The young man, upon seeing this, immediately realized something, promptly kowtowed madly and cried bitterly, “Seniors... heroes... Lord... Please, do not kill me, I was forced by Master, that old thing was threatening us so us disciples followed him. If we were not obedient, we would have been killed... Please, don't kill me. We all wanted to quit early, but his cultivation is higher than us, there was nothing we could do!”

Half-dead lying on the floor, the Flowing Water Sect Master viciously glared at his former proud disciple, thundered, “You little beast, you dare turn against me, you...”

“Bah you old thing, if it was not you, we wouldn’t have fallen to this level!” The young man scolded. “I couldn’t stand you long ago, every time we split treasures you would take more than half, do you think we are idiots?”

The Flowing Water Sect Master also snapped, “I knew you little bastards have bad intentions! I have wasted so many years to teach you!”

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui stood there coldly watching these two people attacking each other, the look of contempt deepening in their eyes——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 576:


Chapter 595, Become a good person in your next life

Hu Bugui finally laughed grimly, looking at the two people with disdain. “Killing you guys is dirtying my hands, since you are fighting between you, then I might as well complete your wish.”

As he was speaking, he swung up his leg to kick the Flowing Water Sect Master and the young disciple in the dantian.

Bang! Bang!

In the midst of noise, oppressive yuan qi gushed out, destroying the yuan qi Spirit spring of the dantian.

This was tantamount to directly crippling the two people's cultivation base.

“Let's go.”

After all this, Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui, transformed into streams of light, disappearing from where they stood.

The air was filled with the stench of blood.

A look of despair surfaced in the Flowing Water Sect Master's eyes.

Greater One mountain area had become a dead land, everywhere was full of danger, that with the slightest carelessness even Bitter Sea and Heaven Ascension experts would lose their lives here. What was more, his cultivation had been destroyed and his limbs were broken. He was now worse than an ordinary person, and would not have a chance of surviving here!

Soon, he will become the feces of the fierce beasts and the mutant monsters or manure.

“Damn, since I can't live anyway, today I will kill you old thing to vent my anger!” The young disciple forced himself up from the ground, with the same look of despair, staring at the Flowing Water Sect Master, revealing a trace of ruthlessness.

The Flowing Water Sect Master sensed something, roared, “Little beast... don't you dare!”

The young man picked up a sword next to him, slowly coming over, his eyes glinting fiercely. “Why won't I dare, your cultivation is higher than mine was before. Although I hate you, I dared not to kill you, and also could not kill you. But now your cultivation base has been destroyed, if I do not kill you now then when can I!”

With that, the young man drew his sword.

Swoosh.

The sword light, like a bolt of lightning, broke the Flowing Water Sect Master’s skull.

Gu Dewen's head rolled onto the ground, a ferocious look remained on his face and his eyes were wide open with disbelief.

The young man kicked the head straight to the ground.

There was not much excitement, but rather a despairing expression on his face.

His cultivation base was destroyed, he knew he could not survive. Sweeping his eyes around the corpses, thoughts tumbled in his mind. Raising his head skywards he smiled wryly. “Haha, retribution, it is retribution... When I was young I wanted to walk the world, also wanted to be famous across the world, who knew that one wrong step in life would make it difficult to turn back around... If there is an afterlife, do not let me meet such a despicable master, let me... let me be a good person.”

Before his voice died away.

He swung his sword up, cutting his own throat.

……

……

After finishing all the immoral and despicable people of the Flowing Water Sect, Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui continued their way to the periphery of the Greater One mountains.

Hu Bugui buried the Hidden Sword Sect Master's severed arm into his grave.

The two people continued on with heavy hearts.

Although they expected some bad things before returning to the ground, it never occurred to them that the situation had worsened to such an extent.

It could easily be imagined that the current Clear River Domain had fallen into what kind of chaos.

In the past, they only needed five or six days to get out of the Greater One mountains, but now that dangers were lurking on every side of the mountains, they must be careful and cautious along the way, and must not slow down.

The omnipresent demonic qi floated across the Greater One mountain region, and the black mist rolled across.

Even during the day, there was not a trace of light.

The air was filled with a bloody smell, and the thick red mist almost turned into a solid substance.

“Wait, ahead there is the remaining aura of a sacred weapon left behind.” Hu Bugui abruptly stopped.

“The void here seems to have been torn apart, and the fluctuations of yuan qi are unusually disordered,” Ye Qingyu said, carefully sensing the area.

Hu Bugui looked ahead, saying, “Here, the remnants of a sacred weapon’s power is too strong, the battle at that time must have led to the void being shattered, otherwise there wouldn’t be a time-space turbulence, we better be careful here.”

Ye Qingyu nodded, cautiously leaving the dangerous zone with Hu Bugui, and continued to advance forward.

Before they traveled far, suddenly a sharp blast of wind came, with a fierce killing intent at their direction.

Startled, the two people rapidly responded, disappeared with a flash, leaving behind the two people's shadows in the void.

Swoosh!

The next moment, a flickering meteor dart pierced the void, passing through Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui's shadow with a shriek, and suddenly halted in the air.

When Hu Bugui saw the static meteor dart in the air like it was struck by lightning, his eyes went dull and absent.

The meteor dart buzzed and, vaguely, Ye Qingyu felt that the meteor dart seemed to be passing out a strange thought.

A moment later, the pale purple on the surface of the meteor dart gradually dimmed, like it had lost support, and dropped from the sky.

Hu Bugui moved, catching the falling meteor dart tightly in his hand.

Puzzled, Ye Qingyu lifted his head to look at Hu Bugui.

“A little light piece of the void, breaking away from worldly affairs with a sigh.” Hu Bugui sighed, an unconcealable sadness in his eyes, and seemed to be immersed in memories.

“Old Hu,” Ye Qingyu shouted.

“This is a life weapon of an old friend of mine——Cold Meteor dart. He once told me that a wisp of consciousness is attached to the Cold Meteor dart, if he dies, the Cold Meteor dart will bring that wisp of consciousness to find me,” Hu Bugui softly said, gazing at the meteor dart in his hands.

Ye Qingyu stayed silent.

Looking at the Hu Bugui immersed in sadness, Ye Qingyu lightly patted him on the shoulder, no longer saying anything.

A moment later, Hu Bugbui awakened from the sadness, carefully putting away the meteor dart, and slightly smiled to Ye Qingyu, “let's go.”

Two days later.

Boom!

A bolt of lightning ripped through the void, illuminated the Greater One mountain that was shrouded in demonic qi before it dissipated, and the mountain become dark and boundless once again.

After a few seconds.

The sky suddenly struck down several bolts of lightning at the same time, like the complex roots of an old tree in the sky overhanging the lands.

The glaring lightning illuminated a distance of tens of thousands of kilometers to as bright as it was daylight.

Tens of thousands of kilometers away, Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui clearly saw the strange scene in the sky.

“It's a thunderstorm!” Hu Bugui exclaimed.

“Thunderstorm?” Ye Qingyu had never heard of this unfamiliar word.

“Thunderstorms result from the fierce struggle between experts, which triggers the violence of the power of laws. This degree of thunderstorm will cause violence of spiritual force within a radius of tens of thousands of kilometers, shatter space, and wipe out creatures!” Hu Bugui explained.

Ye Qingyu, upon hearing this, thought of when he was in Heaven Wasteland Domain, in order to prevent the foreign demons from opening the domain gate, forced himself to activate the [Seventh Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way] and triggered Divine punishment.

At that time, the sky struck down five bolts golden lightning, without the [Cloud Top Cauldron], silly dog Little Nine, and the little silver dragon, he would have been incinerated to ashes.

Ye Qingyu looked at the distant sky where lightning struck like rain bucketing down, his pupils constricted.

“Woof!” Little Nine who had been sleeping in the bosom of Ye Qingyu, was suddenly shuddering.

Little Nine peeped his fluffy head out of Ye Qingyu’s lapel, looking at the thunderstorm rumbling overhead.

Ye Qingyu stroked Little Nine on the head, until he finally quiet down, and drew back in to sleep.

“We can only go around, this power is not what we can bear.” Hu Bugui sighed.

By comparison, the other directions that were covered with traps and formations seemed like a way to survive.

But this way of surviving was not so good.

“His mother, the formations are a mess!” Hu Bugui was dizzy and irritated by the complicated formations ahead.

“The formation and the traps here seem to have been destroyed by a strange force, and then because of some kind of opportunity began to mutate, just that---” Ye Qingyu suddenly stopped.

Not far away was a figure under a huge boulder.

Even with Hu Bugui and his cultivation strength, they unexpectedly did not know when this figure had appeared.

The two were surprised and anxious, their eyes fixed on the figure under the boulder.

The figure was only a meter or so high, the stature was very small, and the head was lowered, with hair down to the waist, the face was not seen, and the figure was wielding a two-foot-long weird small wooden sword, swinging out at the void, but the whole void vibrated every time. It was incomparably strange.

“This sort of power... is that....a child?” Hu Bugui asked.

“How would there be a child here, this matter is so weird.” Ye Qingyu added puzzledly.

The two people continued to observe, dared not to act rashly.

About fives minutes later, the figure was still repeating the same action, seemingly with no intention of stopping.

Hu Bugui impatiently said, “What is that thing, let’s go over to see!”

Before he finished speaking, and before waiting for Ye Qingyu to respond, Hu Bugui had turned into a stream of light, rushing to where the figure stood.

Just then, a strange change happened!

The strange figure under the boulder seemed to have been awakened, the drooping head suddenly lifted up.

It was a pale face without a trace of colour, and red eyes almost bursting out, blood streaming out the seven apertures of the head.

“Ah! Gave me a fright!”

Hu Bugui, who had seen countless situations in his life, was also frightened.

The next moment, the figure vanished before their eyes, as though it had never appeared!

But Ye Qingyu felt that, before the pale face full of blood disappeared, he saw the figure leave behind a strange smile!

Ye Qingyu broke out in cold sweat!

Hu Bugui rubbed his eyes and looked intently again, but there was not a figure under the huge rock!

“Damn it, I saw a ghost!” Hu Bugui said, frightened, and then like he had suddenly thought of something, spat out, “Pah! What bad luck! Let’s not talk about it anymore!”

Both of them came to understand that they might be caught in a very strange disordered formation.

It was extremely dangerous; with a little carelessness they could very likely be directly sent by this chaotic formation into an endless void.

Ye Qingyu again looked at the boulder head, and continun to finding ways to break through the formation and trap.

A blast of wind blew over.

In the bushes under the boulder, a two-foot-long wooden sword lay quietly on the ground, covered with blood.

“Get your stupid dog out to break the formation!” Hu Bugui shouted to Ye Qingyu.

“He’s been exhausted recently and just ate and fell asleep. Let's figure a way out ourselves, and we'll have him come out to help us if we need him,” Ye Qingyu said helplessly.

“The dog is yours, his laziness must be because you’ve been spoiling him!” Hu Bugui nagged.

Ye Qingyu shook his head in response, and continued to study the mutated formation in front.

Although the original killing formation had been destroyed, but after some mutation, this formation was more dangerous than before. Along the way here, they have cracked countless mutated formations, but it took some time.

Time flew by.

In the blink of an eye a month of time had past.

These days, from time to time they encountered some experts that came to the Greater One mountains to try their luck, and the behaviour of weak are prey to the strong become much more undisguised during this period of time. The experts broke into a fight as soon as they saw them, but fortunately these people were weaker than them and they had pretty good luck. They eventually got rid of their opponents.

A few days later, Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui finally broke through the dangers upon dangers upon them and stepped out of deadly Greater One mountains.

Hu Bugui heaved a long sigh of relief, “Hu! Finally came out, I finally came out! Hahahahaha, I can finally see the sun again!”

Ye Qingyu also felt his heart lighten.

It had been twenty whole days ever since they left the Underground Moon Immortal Palace, and today was when they had finally escaped the Greater One mountain area.

“Where are we going next?” Hu Bugui looked into the distance where it was gradually and gently sloping, a little confusion in his eyes.

“To the Fragrance Plains, Flowing Light City!” Ye Qingyu gave an answer after a brief thought.

As the largest and most prosperous Human Race city in Clear River Domain, Flowing Light City must have the information that he needs.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui transformed into two streams of light and darted in the direction of Flowing Light City.

The situation outside of the Greater One mountain range was a little better for the experts Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui.

For ordinary people on the Fragrance Plains, the outside world was like hell.

The boundless Fragrance Plains originally had favorable climate throughout the year. Ye Qingyu still remember the beautiful scenery he saw the first time he came here with Old Fish, the air was filled with the aroma of a nameless three-coloured wildflower.

However, all the beautiful landscapes did not exist anymore!

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui saw corpses everywhere across Fragrance Plains and not even a blade of grass was growing anymore.

Countless villages and towns were silent, and a putrid stench filled the air.

In the sky, a strange bird flew past, landing on the carcasses of cattle on the ground, and scraped up a rotten smell.

“What kind of bird is this, why have I never seen one before?” Hu Bugui said, staring at the strange bird.

“Look at the body, doesn't it look like a spiritual crane that the Greater One Sect keeps?” Ye Qingyu said.

Hu Bugui observed the bird for a while, before saying in a speculating tone, “It does now that you've said it, but the evil spirit on its body is so strong, I am afraid the demonic qi had invaded its body, it has mutated.”

Ye Qingyu sighed. “I did not imagine a former auspicious animal would become a fierce beast, bringing disaster to mankind.”

Ye Qingyu finally understoond why the bones that he saw along the way were full of gnaw

marks.

In a small village where no one lived, countless mutated spiritual creatures were gathered together, treating it as their nests.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui killed all mutated creatures that they encountered along the way.

“Huh?” Hu Bugui, taken aback, looked up at the sky.

“Its snowing.” Ye Qingyu suddenly realized that they had been ignoring a problem——-

Piercing cold wind blew across the originally warm Fragrance Plains, like winter had arrived!

“Huh? The snow is red.” Ye Qingyu held out his hand to catch a few slowly falling snowflakes, which were an unusually strange pale red colour!

“The climate within hundreds of thousands of mile radius has changed dramatically, and perhaps the Fragrance Plains has become nothing but history.” Hu Bugui sighed——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

