Chapter 997:


Chapter 1013 - Getting Ready


What a bunch of garbage.

Ye Qingyu didn't even bother looking at them and swept his arm across the sky.

A ray of bright and dazzling sword will splendor slashed across the Void.

Puff! Puff! Puff!

Blood light splattered everywhere.

Instantly, dozens of Saints were slashed by the sword will and were sent flying backward with blood gushing out of their bodies. Disbelief and surprise were written on their faces as they plummeted to the ground.

These pieces of garbage weren't even qualified to enter into the Reincarnation Hall, so how dare they even attempt to stage a robbery here?
Ye Qingyu was still rather weak but since he had already attained the Great Saint realm and had witnessed the Dao battle between Quasi-emperors, the command of his strength had improved drastically. Even if he casually struck out in his weakened state, no Saint would be able to handle this blow and these peak Saint experts were no exception either.

"Those who don't have a death wish, leave now."

Ye Qingyu immediately moved.

He planned to head into the surrounding mountains and find a quiet spot to go into self-isolation to contemplate on his gains from the Reincarnation Hall and transform these gains into his own strength. He was confident that he could bring his cultivation and combat strength to unprecedented heights in the shortest possible time.

This was what the million-year-old soul had meant earlier.

Before they parted, the million-year-old soul had warned him not to travel too far from the Wei River Mountain Range and be prepared to stage a rescue operation at any time. These were definitely not random words of advice and Ye Qingyu knew that something major would happen after the Reincarnation Hall disappeared. The battles between Quasi-emperors could easily be earth-shattering, so something terrible might happen then.

Someone else blocked his path.

Ye Qingyu reached into the Void behind him and pulled out an icy long sword, then slashed out with it.

The sword light slashed through the air.

Puff! Puff! Puff!

As blood splattered everywhere, countless Saint experts were knocked back while spitting blood.

He had easily overpowered them.

"Oh no, he is the [Ice Sword Killing God]!"

"I can't believe he's that monster."

"Quick! Retreat!"

A series of flustered cries rang out.

The display of strength by Ye Qingyu finally instilled fear into the surrounding experts who bore him ill-will. The untraceable sword light that could easily defeat countless peak Saint experts was far too mysterious and it was simply not something that they could defend against.

Furthermore, Ye Qingyu had already shown mercy in his earlier two attacks.

He only defeated these experts but he didn't kill.

If they didn’t turn from their wicked ways, he would start to kill them all.

Countless people frantically retreated in haste.

Ye Qingyu streaked across the air and flew toward the mountain range that surrounded the outer fringes of the Divine Emperor Peak.

However, he suddenly stopped after flying for thousands of meters.

"I've already shown mercy on you lot earlier, so are there still people who have a death wish?"

His eyes glowed purple and looked piercingly through the Void toward the southwest direction.

There was some movement in that part of the Void.

"So you don't know when to retreat? Then, death shall await you."

He had already given them more than enough chances and since the other party refused to give up, he wouldn't hold back any longer.

"Ancestors, please descend upon this earth!"

He immediately summoned the [Cloud Top Cauldron] with a loud howl and as he activated it, mist flowed around the ancient drawing of the ancestors hunting and wisps of Immortal qi swirled around it. These ancestors walked out of the drawing like little giants. Their figures were muscular and they each held crude stone spears made of raw and rough wood and stone but the tips of their spears were extremely sharp as they pointed them toward the southwest direction. Then, they suddenly threw their spears.

Swoosh!

The stone spears soared through the air, piercing through and shattering that part of the Void.

"Ah…" There was a loud cry, then a large amount of blood gushed from the Void.

A figure plummeted from the shattered Void and he was completely lifeless with his spirit destroyed.

"It is the [Sky-reaching Great Saint]!"

"He's a Great Saint from the Explosive Ape Race of Sky-reaching Domain… But he wasn't even able to handle one blow."

"My god, how was that possible?"

A series of exclamations rose from the crowd and countless experts from the various races watched this scene in stunned astonishment, unable to believe their eyes.

An expert of the Great Saint realm was considered invincible in the absence of a Quasi-emperor. Even if they encountered an opponent who was stronger than them, they could always flee. The [Sky-reaching Great Saint] was a famous Great Saint expert who was known throughout the Vast Thousand Domains and had been a Great Saint for about three hundred years, and many people had been stunned by his power. He had used his innate magical ability unique to his race in an attempt to secretly follow the [Ice Sword Killing God] but had been easily discovered and killed in one blow that destroyed both his body and spirit. This strength was…

Was the [Ice Sword Killing God] so powerful that he could now kill Great Saints as effortlessly as slaughtering chickens or dogs?

The other experts who had still hoped to obtain something from Ye Qingyu by a stroke of luck were so frightened that their hairs stood on end and no one else dared to make a move.

There were faint flashes and ripples all across the Void.

Those top-experts who had been hiding in the Void were obviously scared out of their wits after they witnessed the fate of the [Sky-reaching Great Saint] and immediately retreated into the distance, moving as fast as they could.

Ye Qingyu's gaze was like an extremely sharp sword as he surveyed his surroundings to check if there was anyone else who dared to come up against him.

In his current weakened state, he wouldn't be able to withstand fighting a prolonged battle. If he didn't make the first move to instill fear into the others by killing the [Sky-reaching Great Saint], once he was forced to fight the entire group, he would be in danger since his [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] was damaged and rendered useless. Therefore, Ye Qingyu immediately summoned the ancient hunters and displayed his strongest technique to kill someone as a warning to the rest. It had turned out to be a rather effective move.

Then, he turned back and kept the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. He turned into a bolt of lightning and tunneled into the majestic mountain range in the distance, then disappeared from view.

"Where is this place?"

Bai Yuanxing stood in front of a giant bone skull and exclaimed in surprise and bewilderment.

After he entered the Reincarnation Hall, he had randomly entered a corridor and found himself here.

He had come to this place to fight for survival and to protect his comrades within the [Sky Deceiving Jade Box], and not to fight with others for treasures. Therefore, he moved extremely slowly. As soon as he sensed danger, he would immediately stop and hide his tracks. Whenever he arrived at a forked path, he would rely on the familiar and yet mysterious sense from his heart to decide how he should proceed.

Many days had passed and he was still wandering around the maze. He still hadn't exited the maze, so naturally, he hadn't seen the Heavenly River, nor did he board the Ferryman of the Netherworld's boat.

However, the familiar sensation in his heart grew stronger.

It was as though his closest relatives were calling out to him from the depths of the corridor.

Later, he could clearly hear their cries from his heart and as he walked along the corridor in the maze, he unexpectedly found himself in a place that he had never been to before and he saw a huge white bone skull that was thousands of meters tall in the depths of the corridor that was made of bone.

What could be inside here?

Bai Yuanxing wondered as he stood in front of the skull.

The feeling of his blood calling out to him grew stronger and clearer, as though it was emitting from this bone skull. However, this skull looked far too frightening as though it was the remains of an ancient monstrous creature that had died in ancient times. Its two eye sockets and nasal cavities were like large black holes with no sign of light within them, only a dense darkness that couldn't be dispelled. It looked as though it was fraught with countless dangers.

What kind of ancient creature could have such a gigantic head?

And how did it end up dying here?

As he stood in front of this terrifying skull, all his hair stood on end.

There was a series of bone steps that wound up all the way to the mouth of the skull with no end in sight.

A series of clear summoning waves called out to him from within.

Bai Yuanxing stood on the bone steps and as he stood in front of the giant skull, he looked as small as a speck of dust in front of a giant mountain.

His expression gradually became a little dazed.

Before he knew it, Bai Yuanxing started to walk toward the giant mouth of the skull.

One step at a time…

Soon, he was only less than ten steps away from the mouth of the giant skull.

"Hm? Something's wrong, I'm…" he suddenly realized that something was wrong and his mind cleared a little.

Bai Yuanxing immediately realized that his divine consciousness had been controlled by a mysterious force and he had been walking like an innocent sacrificial lamb toward the skull. He suddenly came back to his senses when he felt the crushing darkness nearby and tried to flee at the first instance.

However, a strange change suddenly occurred.

A strong suction force surged out of the skull's mouth and wrapped itself around Bai Yuanxing's figure like a giant serpent coiling itself around a helpless lamb. His struggles were futile and he was immediately sucked into the inky darkness of the skull's mouth.

...

...

"Phew!"

Within a nameless cave deep within the Wei River Mountain Range.

Ye Qingyu heaved a long sigh of relief.

A bright red splendor twinkled bright in his palm.

He had spent more than an hour to repair his [Blood Drinker Sword Pill].

The cracked primeval formations within it had finally automatically repaired itself after he used his yuan qi to nourish it to bring the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] back to its original condition.

However, the power that it had collected had been completely exhausted after the battle with Quasi-emperor Mushan and now it was in an extremely 'hungry' state. It didn't gleam as brightly as it used to and its luster was dull and dim. Even its energy waves that could be felt so clearly in the past were now barely detectable. According to his calculations, the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] would need to absorb the yuan essence and blood qi of several Great Saints before it could regain its past strength.

"This isn't an urgent matter since I could always use the upcoming fierce battles to feed it to its fill."

Ye Qingyu kept the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill].

Then, he started to focus on his own recuperation.

His physical body had already healed but he was still extremely weak since his yuan essence and blood qi had been severely depleted.

"There are countless experts of the various races within the Wei River Mountain Range and although I've already laid out a formation outside the cave to hide my aura, it is still unsafe. If I am to complete the rescue mission as per the million-year-old soul's instructions, I have to return to the Great Saint realm in the shortest possible time and replenish all my yuan qi... I haven't got much time left."

Ye Qingyu was extremely clear about that fact.

"If I want my essence, qi, and spirit to be back to its peak condition, I will need to nourish it with large amounts of pure yuan qi. Based on my current cultivation, ordinary origin crystals would be largely ineffective and although I have several divine-level origin crystals, I don't have them in large enough numbers. If I extract yuan qi from the Chaotic Thunder Liquid, I'll need to refine it before I can absorb them. It takes too much effort and is much too slow. I'll only have to place all my hopes on the medicinal pills I obtained from the [Tusita Palace]!"

After he contemplated for a while, he formulated a plan.

He took out the Deathlike Pills from the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

These divine pills contained vast amounts of vitality yuan qi and they were the best medication to replenish his exhausted yuan essence and blood qi. Their only side-effect was that whoever consumed these pills would become like a corpse and would not be able to move. He had already witnessed this effect on Little Nine but at this point in time, this side-effect was greatly beneficial to Ye Qingyu since this would be able to help him evade those experts outside who were searching for him.

"This is it."

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth and swallowed one Deathlike Pill.

He immediately felt the effects of this medicinal pill.

A bitter and warm current immediately exploded in his mouth, then surged toward his internal organs.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 998:


Chapter 1014 – The Quasi-emperor Who Was Being Hunted


The power of the Deathlike Pill was very peculiar, but one thing was certain.

It definitely contained large amounts of vital qi.

This power was most certainly the purest form of yuan qi essence to a martial expert.

After he took the Deathlike Pill, Ye Qingyu immediately felt the bitter and warm sensation spread toward his limbs and bones, transforming into an extremely pure form of yuan qi to quickly replenish his depleted yuan essence.

As this power spread toward every single cell in his body, his body also subsequently stiffened.

He perceptively sensed that every single part of his body, including the tiniest muscle, seemed to stiffen. He could not move at all as though he was in a fossilized state. He was like a piece of rotten wood, but he was conscious and his mind was extremely clear and sharp. In fact, it was even sharper and more agile than normal, and he could clearly sense the changes to the various energies within his body as well as feel the traces of energy from the Deathlike Pill move throughout his body.

"These traces…"

Ye Qingyu was suddenly overjoyed.

He realized that the traces of the Deathlike Pill moved almost exactly like the operational rhythm of his nameless breathing technique. He could also finally sense that the bitter and warm energy contained traces of Dao essence that were like pure shards of the power of laws. This could then be absorbed by his body to continually refine his muscles and bones.

This was truly a divine-level medicinal pill.

His death-like symptoms faded around thirty minutes later.

Ye Qingyu regained normal use of his limbs.

"Little Nine took more than ten Deathlike Pills in one shot the previous time, which was why he started foaming at the mouth and remained in a death-like state for such a long period of time. If I take these pills one at a time, the side-effects won't be that serious. Based on my cultivation, one Deathlike Pill would put me in a death-like state for about thirty minutes and replenish one-sixth of my depleted yuan essence. In other words, I would regain peak condition after taking around six Deathlike Pills. If I account for the diminishing returns of the medicinal effects due to continuous usage of these pills, then I would need to take a maximum of eight Deathlike Pills."

This was his conclusion after some thought.

Then, he took a second Deathlike Pill.

Time flew by.

In the blink of an eye, two hours passed by.

Ye Qingyu was still in a death-like state.

Trouble was brewing outside.

More and more experts from the foreign races gathered around the Divine Emperor Peak, but unfortunately, the stone gates to the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor were tightly shut and no one else could enter. There were several Great Saint experts who had traveled far and wide only to find that they had missed their window of opportunity, so they were extremely annoyed. They even attempted to collaborate to force open the stone gates of the Reincarnation Hall, but they failed and fell victim to the feedback force, which resulted in many being killed and turned into a mangled mess of blood and bone.

Thereafter, the latecomers could only loiter around the Divine Emperor Peak and wait for the next change to occur in the Reincarnation Hall or for other people to emerge from it.

Unfortunately, throughout the day, there was no other movement from the Reincarnation Hall, nor did anyone else emerge from it.

Ye Qingyu's emergence from the Reincarnation Hall attracted even more attention because he was the only person who had walked out of the hall.

Although his violent methods had frightened many people, as time passed, this deterrent force grew weaker. More races and forces started to form alliances to search for Ye Qingyu. They wanted to find out what was inside the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor and what had happened within it. Of course, if he had managed to obtain some kind of treasures or opportunities from the hall, they also planned to snatch them away from him.

"Even if I have to dig three feet underground, I must find Ye Qingyu."

"Hehe, he's merely a man, so even if his body is made entirely of steel, how many nails would he be able to withstand?"

"I'm sure that he still hasn't left and is still within the Wei River Mountain Range because no one from the outer fringes mentioned seeing him leave."

"Exactly. Once we find him, we'll definitely be able to crack the mystery of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor."

"That might not necessarily be true. Ye Qingyu might have obtained some heaven-defying opportunity from the Reincarnation Hall, or maybe even the chance to become Emperor. Otherwise, why would he be the only person who has emerged thus far?"

All kinds of rumors started to spread wildly outside.

In the beginning, these rumors had only spread amongst a few forces.

Later, as several figures in black robes and armor moved amongst the various forces, the situation started to get out of hand, as though someone had thrown salt into a greasy pot that had only been slightly warm. Then all of a sudden, the news started to gain traction and spread like wildfire.

Finally, all the forces and races who had rushed to the Wei River Mountain Range had all come to the same conclusion—whoever found Ye Qingyu would be able to obtain precious treasures from the Reincarnation Hall, and even the chance to become Emperor.

This drove all the experts and forces crazy.

This was especially so because they were all anxious and vexed at being unable to enter the Reincarnation Hall. Therefore, these thousands of experts longed to tear the entire Wei River Mountain Range apart, and even the entire Clear River Domain, in order to find Ye Qingyu. This mentality spread like some sort of disease. They started off trying to find Ye Qingyu, then progressed to searching for those who might know Ye Qingyu, then they even started capturing and questioning any person of the Human Race, especially identifying the humans who were seen at the Wei River Mountain Range as key suspects.

Everything happened as though an invisible hand was controlling the entire situation.

The various forces and experts who had descended into madness failed to realize that an invisible web had secretly unfurled, with the Divine Emperor Peak as its center and covering a radius of teh tnousand kilometers. The area within it was shrouded by an invisible dark force that was like a huge dam, secretly trapping all the races and forces within it.

Ye Qingyu was completely unaware of the situation.

The mountain cave he had selected was extremely well-hidden, and after he took a Deathlike Pill, he would not release a single breath nor energy wave. Not even a Quasi-emperor would be able to detect his presence when he entered this death-like state.

Time flew by.

In the blink of an eye, two days and nights had passed.

In the mountain cave—

Ye Qingyu, who had been in a death-like state, suddenly opened his eyes and two rays of divine radiance burst forth from them as though they had the ability to pierce through everything in the world. They gave off faint traces of an ancient nothingness.

"I'm finally back to my peak condition."

Joy filled his face.

His senses gradually returned and he regained control of his body.

An abundant wave of yuan qi flowed within him like a large river and his yuan qi ocean within his dantian world suddenly surged, creating gigantic waves that could reach the heavens. It was full of vitality that swelled like tidal waves and the entire world was in a state of constant change. His [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger], which stood in the sky of his dantian world, was almost as large as a human and his features were extremely clear. He looked exactly like Ye Qingyu.

After being knocked from that stage due to his earlier battle with Quasi-emperor Mushan, he had reached the Great Saint realm once more.

He felt as though his spirit, soul, and body had completely become one and there was no difference between any of those entities.

"When I was at the Saint realm, I could single-handedly take on a Great Saint expert and even defeat him. So, now that I've reached the Great Saint realm, I guess I'm invincible so long as my opponent is below the Quasi-emperor realm. Even if I encounter peak Great Saint experts who have treasures on them, I'll still be able to defeat them. However, if I encounter a Quasi-emperor…" He recalled the power that Quasi-emperor Mushan had displayed, and after simulating a battle in his mind, he realized that he was still no match for him.

"Currently, besides Quasi-emperor Mushan and [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], who are within the Reincarnation Hall, there are also several other Quasi-emperors from the other forces. The million-year-old soul told me to be prepared to stage a rescue operation, so my opponent later might also be a Quasi-emperor. If I want to be effective in combat against a Quasi-emperor, there are two possible ways…

"First, I could unearth the power of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] once more, but this would take too much time, and time isn't on my side.

"Second, I could dig up some treasure from the unopened pill furnaces I brought out of the [Tusita Palace]. The million-year-old soul mentioned that there is a precious combat treasure to be found in one of the pill furnaces. So, if I could extract it and gain control of it, I might be able to battle a Quasi-emperor."

Ye Qingyu's eyes lit up at the thought of that.

This would be it.

Ye Qingyu summoned the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and immediately entered the bronze cauldron.

Inside the storage space—

The Yin-Yang Bagua Formation was still in operation and all the pill furnaces he brought out of the [Tusita Palace] were within it.

Ye Qingyu recalled the million-year-old soul's advice and his gaze finally fell on the third large pill furnace right in the middle of the formation.

This pill furnace was more than ten meters tall and yellowish-bronze light swirled around it. Its formations were tiny and delicate, and upon careful observation, the pill furnace seemed to be crafted from some ancient stone in the shape of a bottle gourd. It was large at the bottom and the top but thin in the middle, and there were drawings of clouds and the mythical beast Taotie, with four dragons depicted climbing up from the north, south, east, and west directions. It looked ancient and antiquated, and its furnace lid was a disc in the shape of a Bagua Formation made from the same ancient stone material. It was sealed with two yellow papers in the shape of a cross and two mysterious, rare formation symbols were written in crimson ink on the paper, as though it were suppressing the force of the contents within it.

As Ye Qingyu stood in front of this pill furnace, he could vaguely sense the ferocious aura within it. It was very faint but extremely shocking.

"There are six pill furnaces more than ten meters tall, and all these pill furnaces have been sealed with yellow paper that have crimson formations on them. Could there be some violent treasure sealed within them?" Ye Qingyu speculated.

However, this was his only hope in going up against a Quasi-emperor.

He hesitated for a while but ultimately decided to attempt to tear open the yellow seals of the pill furnaces.

After all, he was within the [Cloud Top Cauldron], so he did not need to be too worried even if the contents of the pill furnaces proved to be extremely violent.

...

Ten days later.

Boom!

A sudden ear-splitting bang rang out from the Divine Emperor Peak.

The black palaces that stood majestically on the Divine Emperor Peak started to shake and tremble after this loud sound. Then, the palaces started to collapse and large pieces of black rock tumbled down and smashed against the cliffs of the Divine Emperor Peak before finally plummeting to the ground.

"What… what is going on? Has the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor started to collapse?"

This scene left countless people completely dumbfounded.

This was a relic of a martial emperor and a legendary mysterious venerable hall that had exhibited a sense of autonomy.
How could it start to crumble? Is this a joke? What kind of terrifying force could destroy the relic of the top expert from the late Fiendgod Age?

Then, an earth-shattering Dao sound rang out from the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

"Haha, Li Xiaofei, since you've nowhere to run, you should accept your fate. Why are you still trying to resist?"

As soon as he spoke—

Two beams of strange light that contained the invisible power of laws hurtled out from the crumbling Reincarnation Hall and transformed into two figures that then charged through the Void. The first person was clad in bloodstained teal robes—it was [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], Li Xiaofei.

What?

Has [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] fallen into a trap and is now being hunted down?

This scene caused the entire world to fall silent.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 999:


Chapter 1015 – Descent into Madness


"It's too early to determine who is the one who has nowhere to run"

Li Xiaofei stood high in the heavens, his teal robes stained with blood but he was a picture of calm.

"We didn't set this trap to capture you but to my surprise, you fell for it. We've caught a really big fish this time. You were meant to die in the bronze palace in the 18th district four thousand years ago but you managed to survive and even escape from the 18th district so I guess the Heavens have shown you mercy. Now that you've already slaughtered all the enemies of the Li family, you have already fulfilled your heart's desire and realized your dreams, so it's time for you to die."

The other figure who was shrouded in the light of a Quasi-emperor said coldly.

He was tall and slim, and his features were blurry but his aura was extremely powerful, just like a bright sun shooting through space. The experts all around trembled in fear, instinctively submitting to these Quasi-emperors, and even the Great Saint experts didn't even dare to lift their heads.

"How dare you use such underhanded methods when it is a Dao battle between Quasi-emperors? The acts committed by the Four Stars Sect have become more and more surprising over the past few years," Li Xiaofei glowed with divine light, and the bloodstains on his teal robes gleamed bright red, making him an extremely dazzling sight to behold. His aura was slightly unsteady but he was still so powerful that no one could bear to look at him directly.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] opponent had turned out to be a Quasi-emperor from the Four Stars Sect.

When did the Four Stars Sect produce a Quasi-emperor?

The crowd that surrounded the area was extremely astonished.

The Four Stars Sect was a large sect of the current era and they were rich in resources. They had once produced Quasi-emperors and were thus known as a force with emperor qi. However, eight thousand years have passed since the last time the Four Stars Sect last produced a Quasi-emperor and during this time, the Four Stars Sect had been relying on their past fame and resources. Although they were still a very prestigious sect, their fame wasn't as glorious as their past golden era. They had been frantically chasing the days of the past glory but unfortunately, they had failed thus far.

Thus, no one expected the Four Stars Sect to secretly produce a Quasi-emperor.

Furthermore, from their conversion, it seemed as though the events at the Reincarnation Hall had been an elaborate trap that had been meticulously prepared over many years.
Was it a trap meant to kill Quasi-emperors?

What kind of methods and courage did it take to lay out a trap against Quasi-emperors?

Many experts stealthily crept toward the outer fringes.

Such an elaborate plot that had been prepared for a thousand years could only mean that they were after something big and the secrets it involved must be very frightening. It would be better for them to stay as far as they could from this clash of superpowers. Otherwise, whoever got caught in the fray might perish before they even knew it.

“Success or failure, right or wrong, all these are irrelevant. However, the winner would be able to have it all," the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect said frankly.

"Back then, you were the most talented among the three true disciples of the Four Stars Sect and when I destroyed the sect gate of the Four Stars Sect, you were the only one I spared. I thought that I would be planting a seed for a Human Race and just as I thought, you have indeed ascended to become a Quasi-emperor five thousand years later. Unfortunately, you are too anxious to become an Emperor and have even been led astray because of it."

Li Xiaofei seemed to be recounting past events.

"We are both Quasi-emperors and now that we are of equal cultivation, why do you think you can admonish me as though you're still more powerful than I am? I'm grateful to the mercy you showed me in the past, so I'll send you to your death today, Your Highness," the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor said coldly as he approached Li Xiaofei.

"Alright, since you want to kill me, then go ahead." [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] face hardened.

After this short exchange of words, those two figures flashed and became a blur in the Void, then they disappeared into the distance.

They were clearly off in search of a battlefield for their final battle.

However, it seemed as though things were not looking good for the Quasi-emperor that had dominated the world four thousand years earlier. He seemed to have fallen into some trap earlier at the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor and was thus seriously injured. However, the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect was in peak condition.

The two men disappeared.

"Sigh, they are both of the Human Race, so why must they kill each other?" a white-haired Human Race Saint whose brows reached to his shoulders said with a sigh.

Two other ruddy-faced and white-haired elderly Human Race experts also nodded and said, "Yes, it has taken the Human Race so long to produce two Quasi-emperors and this should have been a sign of our golden age but unfortunately, they have resulted to infighting when they are of the same race. Will the world be able to bear the weight of the Four Stars Sect's ambitiousness? How could they secretly plot against His Highness Xiaofei?"

This scene made many Human Race experts feel extremely sorrowful.

“He he, you're worried about Li Xiaofei?" A malicious voice rang out from the Void. "Old men, you should be more concerned about yourselves."

Black flowing light flashed.

Then, a ray of black sword light flashed past.

Boom!

The two white-haired elderly Human Race experts were caught off-guard and they were immediately slashed to minced meat by this ray of sword light. Blood, flesh, and bone flew everywhere and they died on the spot.

"It's the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit!" someone exclaimed.

Then, everyone watched as the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit emerged from the collapsing Reincarnation Hall, his hair as messy as withered grass and he carried a black stone sword in his hands. His aura swirled around him extremely powerfully as though it was like boiling water.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

A myriad of flowing lights flashed.

All kinds of people started fleeing from the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

"Boo hoo hoo, what the heck is going on… How could the Reincarnation Hall suddenly collapse? This little miss of the Four Stars Sect, I'm not your lover, so why do you insist on chasing after me…" The chubby Li Shengyan looked extremely disheveled and several sword slash injuries that looked deadly could be seen on his body. Blood splattered across the sky as he fled like a terrified bunny.

Two rays of flowing light followed closely behind him.

They were the Four Stars holy girl and the Third Prince of the Mizar Race Yin Kaishan who had joined forces to kill Li Shengyan.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had been seriously injured after falling into a trap and was now being hunted down by the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect while his descendant, Li Shengyan was being chased by the Four Stars holy girl. The fates of the two remaining descendants of the Li family bloodline from the Ming Domain hung in the balance.

"Cackle cackle… are you trying to flee?"

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit let out an odd laugh, then he suddenly slashed out with his black stone sword.

Bam!

Li Shengyan was hit by the sword light.

Countless blood arrows spurted from his chubby body and he was thrown back hundreds of meters.

"Puff… You little punk, I should have known that you would gang up with the little miss. I'll remember this sword you gave me…" The fatty looked extremely miserable and there was a sword slash on his hip that cut so deeply it almost sliced him into two. His white flabby meat had spilled out of his body and his injuries looked terrifying but he was like a cockroach that refused to die. He turned into a ray of flowing light and headed down into the crowd.

"Kill!"

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit showed no mercy and sword light filled the air, then fell toward the ground.

"Ah…"

"No!"

There was a series of loud wails and cries as countless experts from the various races were killed and blood spilled everywhere.

The bloody massacre erupted in a matter of seconds.

"We definitely can't let him flee and we must capture him at all costs," the Four Stars holy girl said telepathically to the Third Prince of the Mizar Race beside her.

Then, she attacked mercilessly in the same manner as the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit earlier. Her frightening attacks rained down indiscriminately, killing countless experts from the various races who failed to dodge in time.

The Third Prince of the Mizar Race was a little hesitant but he ultimately followed up with an attack of his own.

"You little miss, are you insane?" the fatty cried out as he fled for his life and blood gushed out freely from his injuries.

He looked like he was in grave danger since he was being pursued by three Heaven's pridelings of his generation. His entire body was covered in injuries and he frantically tried his best to escape. It was like he was walking on a tightrope and was at risk of being killed at any moment.

In the blink of an eye, the four figures, one fleeing for his life while the other three followed closely in pursuit, disappeared into the vast mountain range in the distance.

As the saying went, ‘a fire in the city would also be a calamity for the fish in the moat’, so the surrounding experts who gathered around the Divine Emperor Peak were killed by the Four Stars holy girl and the others, leaving thousands either dead or injured.

At this point in time, hundreds and thousands of people had gathered around the Divine Emperor Peak.

If this area was expanded to include experts from the various domains and races who had arrived at the Wei River Mountain Range, this number would probably increase to a few million. The experts of the various major races had already made their appearance and they were basically all Saint realm experts. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to state that at least one-third of all the martial way experts from the Vast Thousand Domains had gathered here in this place.

After all, the lure of the chance to become Emperor was far too great to be ignored.

"Damn it, we shouldn't have let them escape!" a foreign race expert suddenly came back to his senses and exclaimed regretfully.

The other experts also realized their mistake when they heard that expert's words.

"That's right, they must have obtained some kind of treasure from the Reincarnation Hall."

"Once we kill them, whatever treasures they posses will be ours."

"Since we missed our chance to enter the Reincarnation Hall, we'll have to kill them outside the Hall. He he, all the people who managed to obtain treasures would have to make their way out anyway. Once we kill them, their treasures would be ours."

"Exactly, there are definitely treasures to be found in risky situations."

The other experts from the various forces also chimed in.

No one could determine where these voices came from since they seemed to drift from one place to another, so the others weren't able to pinpoint their exact location. However, every expert in the crowd agreed with whatever these voices were saying. It was as though these voices had sprinkled small fiery sparks into the crowd that had ignited a fire within these experts' hearts.

Many peoples' eyes started to turn red and their breaths became heavier.

Chaos Demonic Cruel Qi swirled all across the heavens and crept up on them, causing every living creature to become more violent. As the voices incited the crowd to commit acts of violence, the situation started to go out of control.

Many figures transformed into bolts of lightning and hurtled toward the direction of where the Four Stars holy girl and the others had disappeared to.

Then ——

Baboomboom!

The Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor started to crumble at an even faster rate.

Soon, other figures could be seen fleeing from the Reincarnation Hall.

Rays of flowing light arced across the skies and headed in all directions.

Those who had emerged from the Reincarnation Hall knew that they would be targeted by the crowd once they left the halland that all explanations would be to no avail since every single being outside the hall believed that they had obtained some kind of treasure or opportunity from the hall and would definitely go all out to snatch these treasures or opportunities.

In a blink of an eye, thousands of rays of flowing light shot out from the Reincarnation Hall.

They were stopped by the experts from the various forces.

Skirmishes broke out everywhere.

Cries and howls of pain could be heard from all directions.

Blood light splattered and bones flew everywhere.

Battle cries rang out all across the land.

Although those who had emerged from the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor were all extremely powerful experts, they were heavily outnumbered by the experts who encircled them and found it hard to handle so many people at once. The unlucky ones who were already injured because of the various other battles at the Reincarnation Hall and were quickly attacked by the swarming experts. As countless splendors and energy charged at them, these unlucky ones were smashed into shards.

The area surrounding the Divine Emperor Peak immediately descended into a bloodbath.

"It's the Young Lord of the Black Demon Race."

Someone exclaimed loudly as he recognized the group of men who had emerged as several Great Saints from Black Demon Abyss who were protecting their Young Lord.

The Black Demon Abyss was a top-level force of this era and had once produced the Black Demon Emperor. In terms of resources and influence, they ranked even higher than the Four Stars Sect but by this point in time, all the experts were completely blinded by violence and didn't even stop to consider the consequences. They rushed over with their bloodshot eyes, like swarms of crickets and ants attempting to kill a huge dragon.

Now that even the men from Black Demon Abyss were already in such grave danger, the other forces would obviously not be spared from this fate either.

Soon, the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy], the successors of White Jade Capital and Sky Meteor Sect...

Many other respected figures emerged from the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor to be faced with a never ending and fierce battle.

Approximately two hours later, the entire Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor had completely collapsed and turned into pieces of black rocks that rolled down the Divine Emperor Peak. This ancient relic that had attracted the attention of countless powerful experts throughout the Vast Thousand Domains was turned into a pile of ruins just like that and thus, the legend of the Chaos Demon Emperor had also come to an end.

Several figures emerged from the pile of ruins.

The authority of Quasi-emperors filled the air.

The four or five figures that had appeared one after another were all Quasi-emperors.

As the frightening authority spread throughout the air, those experts who were engaged in fierce battles tried to flee in terror. Several Great Saint experts who didn't manage to dodge in time and as the Quasi-emperor qi activity swept past, they were turned into dust and ashes.

"My god, since when were there so many Quasi-emperors in this world?" someone wailed in terror.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1000:


Chapter 1016 - What Took You so Long?


Chaos and bloodshed.

Death was like a plague that spread like wildfire.

Another ten days went by.

This didn't affect just the Wei River Mountain Range, which had already been turned into a pile of rubble, but even the entire Clear River Domain was affected and had been turned into a place of death. Even those who did not take part in the fight for the treasures at the Reincarnation Hall, which included the Human Race forces, cities, and many other representative stations of the various races, were not spared from the carnage.

The flowers of death bloomed all over this domain, which was not considered ancient.

Living creatures were dying every second.

The entire Clear River Domain seemed to have become a huge bronze cauldron, melting the millions of living creatures within it and turning them into dust and ashes.

No one was sure when it had happened, but the Domain Gate to the Clear River Domain was sealed by an immensely powerful magical force.

The forces from the foreign domains were no longer able to enter the Clear River Domain, while those who were already in the domain were unable to leave.

This seal was both mysterious and terrifying.

There were rumors that a Great Saint from the Black Demon Race had used his own blood, essence, and spirit as a conduit in an attempt to break the seal that shut the Domain Gate and rescue the successor of the Black Demon Race from the domain, but he failed and perished with regrets. This showed that this seal was likely the handiwork of a Quasi-emperor, or it was part of an Emperor formation laid out by some other power.

The situation became even more chaotic after this news got out.

Many forces and experts gradually understood that someone had secretly laid this trap and made use of the opportunity of the appearance of the Reincarnation Hall to stir up chaos and put this killer ploy to action. The various forces, races, experts, and living creatures who had been attracted by the promise of treasures to go to the Clear River Domain had now become sacrificial lambs of this killer ploy and were caught in this trap.

Time flew by.

There was a continuous flow of news that spread throughout the lands.

Xia Yubing, who was protecting the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy], had been killed and the fairy herself had been captured by a peak Great Saint.

The successor of the White Jade Capital had also been ambushed and his attackers tried to get him to reveal the secret of longevity. Although he managed to escape by using an mysterious technique, he was seriously injured and no one knew where he was.

The Four Stars holy girl and the Third Prince of the Mizar Race were also ambushed and surrounded.

The master of the Divine Sky Sect, an expert with peak Great Saint cultivation, was betrayed by one of the disciples of his sect and died tragically in the Wei River Mountain Range.

A mysterious swordsman in a black cloak had suddenly emerged and had gone on a killing rampage throughout the area.

There was also a white dog that moved in mysterious ways and took advantage of the chaotic situation to rob others. Many famous experts fell victim to it.

The famous experts from the various domains and races were killed as easily as stalks of leeks planted on the ground.

On this particular day—

In the deepest part of the Wei River Mountain Range—

In the middle of a remote mountain valley—

Li Shengyan lay sprawled out by a small stream and panted heavily from exhaustion like a dog as he struggled to drink from the waters of the stream.

He was extremely tired.

He had spent more than twenty days in this state of constantly being hunted and had completely exhausted all the life-saving items that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had given him. He was so seriously injured that he was surprised at his own tenacity to hang on this long. His wounds would heal then burst open again; his older injuries had already started to rot and fester while new injuries would constantly appear. There were also five or six beams of strange powers that clashed and worked at destroying his body at the same time, and his body was covered with three hundred to four hundred injuries.

He took large gulps of the stream water, then he continued to lay prone beside the stream because he did not even have the energy to turn himself over.

Fatigue and pain rolled over him in waves.

For a split second, he almost wanted to give in and drift off to sleep. He wanted to close his eyes and forget about everything.

But he did not dare to do so.

He knew that if he closed his eyes he would no longer be able to hang on, and he was afraid that he would drift into the eternal arms of death.

Several white maggots crawled around the festering wounds on Li Shengyan's waist.

Based on his current cultivation, he had the ability to control even the most minute detail of his muscles and could have killed these maggots with a single mental command. But his yuan essence was greatly depleted and his body no longer felt like it belonged to him, let alone could he muster the energy to control his muscles. He did not even have the energy to think of personally plucking those maggots off him…

This was because he had to conserve energy.

Every single ounce of strength had to be used for battling and fleeing.

"I wonder how my ancestor is doing. The vicious beasts of the Four Stars Sect are way too cunning and sly, especially their Quasi-emperor. He even pretended to extend a helping hand at first, only to turn around and secretly attack my ancestor at the crucial moment…" Li Shengyan was extremely enraged at the thought of the events that occurred earlier at the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

If he had not fallen into their trap, with his current cultivation, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] would have never ended up in such a situation.

Suddenly, energy waves appeared nearby.

Almost immediately—

"Haha, well if it isn't the famous descendant of a Quasi-emperor, Li Shengyan, who is also known as the [Little Demon]. I'm surprised to see you here lying like a rotting wild dog, desperately trying to hang on to life," a black figure said as he appeared in the Void and drew closer to him.

Li Shengyan's body twitched slightly.

However, he ultimately gave up on the idea of attacking and escaping.

This was because he had discovered to his dismay that he could no longer summon up any strength at all.

"I recognize you. You're Yang Wanqu, the successor of the Black Moon Immortal Palace…" Li Shengyan slowly hauled his body up to a sitting position and leaned against a rock. He smiled as he said, "Brother Ye Qingyu said that you had already become that Four Stars holy bitch's dog a while ago, and when he tried to hunt you down, and you were so frightened that you didn't even dare to reveal yourself. Is that right?"

Dozens of wounds that had barely scabbed over suddenly reopened because of his small movement. Blood flowed along the small stream and the pain was so intense that he clenched his jaw.

"Li Shengyan, did you just deliberately say those words hoping that I'd be provoked and grant you an easy death?" the figure in black said as he approached him. Finally, he landed ten meters away from Li Shengyan. He was confident of suppressing or killing Li Shengyan from this distance regardless of whatever tricks Li Shengyan might try to pull.

His features were handsome and his figure was slim and tall. His skin was fair, his eyes were bright, and his face was smooth. His black robes only served to enhance his features, making him look more handsome and giving him a gentlemanly aura. However, a cruel and violent intent could be seen in his eyes and his pale skin was devoid of all ruddy color. Instead, wisps of black mist could faintly be seen running under his skin, making him look like a frightful sight.

He was the successor of the Black Moon Immortal Palace, Yang Wanqu.

He had finally made his appearance after being in hiding for so long.

"Haha, you talk big, but there are so many people trying to kill me, yet I've still managed to survive… Where is that little miss Four Stars? How could she be comfortable letting you come after me single-handedly? Isn't she afraid that I would hack your head off and skin you alive, then eat up your dog flesh, pairing it with some wine?" Li Shengyan bared his teeth and laughed coldly.

There wasn't any heroic or unyielding expression on his face, but Yang Wanqu could feel a steely will emitting from this fatty's broken body as it leaned against the rock.

He raised his hand and a ray of sword light shot out.

Swish!

One of Li Shengyan's arms was hacked off.

Blood spurted from his wound, and his severed arm fell into the stream with a splash as sprays of water shot up. Then, the entire stream was instantly dyed crimson and the pungent stench of blood wafted through the air.

Li Shengyan grimaced.

His expression did not change at all, as though the arm that had just been hacked off did not belong to him. He laughed mockingly and said, "I guess you're truly a coward and you're still trying to test the waters… Don't worry, I've already exhausted whatever methods I had. Even a wild dog would be able to kill me now… Hehe, there's no way for me to kill you now."

"That might not necessarily be true." Yang Wanqu felt more comforted but he did not show it on his face.

This fatty, who looked like he was on the verge of death, had already killed twenty-one Saints from the Four Stars Sect and their allies. Each time that they had been certain of killing this fatty, he would unleash some heaven-defying method. The number of treasures he had on him was extremely frightening.

"Come on, give me a quick death," Li Shengyan said feebly.

Yang Wanqu took two steps forward and stared hard at him. Then he said, "Hand over the mysteries of the [Heaven Laughter Great Scriptures] and I'll give you a quick death. I won't torture you anymore."

"You should know that I'll never do that," Li Shengyan scoffed. "The [Heaven Laughter Great Scriptures] are not meant for despicable people like you. Furthermore, your potential and resources on the martial way are not sufficient to cultivate it even if you obtain this technique because you lack the blood of the Li family from the Ming Domain. Why then do you want to invite humiliation?"

Curiously, Yang Wanqu did not fly into a rage.

"Of course I know that my innate abilities and talents are dull, and I'm not able to cultivate a classic scripture of the Emperor Dao like the [Heaven Laughter Great Scriptures]," he said with a small smile. "I naturally have my own reasons for wanting these scriptures, but this isn't something that you should concern yourself with."

Li Shengyan's expression changed slightly as realization dawned.

"I get it now, no wonder… Haha. As I said earlier, although I'm normally a playful person with a sharp tongue, I haven't offended you guys in any way. Nor am I a demon-like talent like Ye Qingyu, who would be a threat to you. Yet, you lot have gone all out to hunt me down relentlessly. Now that I know you're after the mysteries of the [Heaven Laugher Great Scriptures], haha, doesn't this mean that you haven't defeated my ancestor?"

He chuckled with joy.

He had still been very worried about the safety of his ancestor earlier. Although [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] name itself could make the heavens quake, this time around, he was up against another Quasi-emperor and there were more than one of them. Countless large forces had collaborated together, including the traitorous Four Stars Sect that was also a Human Race force, and launched a sneak attack on his ancestor, causing him to sustain serious injuries. Li Shengyan was extremely worried that his ancestor might be defeated and killed by these forces.

However, he immediately understood the implications of Yang Wanqu's statement.

This meant that his ancestor Xiaofei was definitely still alive.

Not only was he still alive, but he still managed to remain undefeated in spite of the numerous Quasi-emperor forces he was up against.

This was why these forces were madly hunting him down.

They wanted to obtain his ancestor's life technique, the [Heaven Laughter Great Scriptures], from him. Although they would not be able to cultivate this technique because they were not from the Li family bloodline, as long as they obtained this set of scriptures and showed it to another Quasi-emperor, they might be able to find a way to bring down his ancestor Xiaofei. Then, his ancestor would truly be in grave danger.

The injuries that covered his body had split open again and blood sprayed everywhere.

He laughed until tears fell from his eyes.

He was truly happy because his ancestor Xiaofei was safe. This was the best piece of news in the world.

Now, he would have no regrets even if he died.

"I refuse to believe that there are people in this world who don't fear death. Nor do I believe that there could be people who would still refuse to speak the truth after experiencing the three hundred seventy-one methods of torture employed by the Black Moon Immortal Palace." Yang Wanqu laughed cruelly. "I accidentally hacked off one of your arms earlier. I shouldn't have hacked off such a large piece of your body in one go. Next, I'll slowly work on slicing you into pieces…"

Then, there was another flash of sword light.

All five fingers on Li Shengyan's remaining hand were hacked off.

Blood spurted wildly from his wounds.

"This time, I've sliced off all five fingers, and next, I'll hack off your palm." Yang Wanqu laughed cruelly like a deranged wild beast.

Li Shengyan did not even blink. Instead, he acted as though he was extremely astonished as he said, "I never knew that my tolerance for pain was so high."

"Very well," Yang Wanqu said with a nod.

Then, the fatty's palm and his wrist were also hacked off.

If he continued to inflict such a cruel method of torture on his victim bit by bit, it would be a huge mental strain on his victim.

Yang Wanqu was extremely confident of that.

The fatty stretched out his handless arm and said, "Come on, let's continue, haha, haha…"

Yang Wanqu remained unruffled.

"Don't worry, after I slice your body off piece by piece and turn you into a mangled pile of flesh, I'll make sure that your head remains intact. Then, I'll still be able to get what I want after searching your sea of consciousness." He drew even closer and looked down at Li Shengyan with a laugh. "Frankly, I derive such contentment and joy from torturing the descendant of a Quasi-emperor to my heart's content in such a manner. Watching you as you bleed and struggle is truly the easiest way to excite me. Haha, you're so weak that you can't even summon up the energy to self-destruct, right? Her Highness Four Stars holy girl imparted unto me a Heaven Detection Technique of the Four Sects Sect. I'm sure you've heard of this technique, so you should also know that this technique is the most effective technique in the world for searching and snatching memories."

Li Shengyan's expression immediately changed.

Yang Wanqu caught his change of expression and laughed mockingly. Sword radiance spewed from his hand as he aimed it at Li Shengyan's thigh. "You're far too fat. I'll slice some meat off you and maybe you'll look cuter after you've slimmed down."

There was a flash of sword radiance, then a piece of flesh from his thigh was sliced off.

The fatty trembled in pain and cold sweat appeared on his forehead.

Clack!

He was in such pain that he had ground his teeth into pieces, but he still refused to cry out in pain.

Although he feared pain and was on the verge of collapse, he was still part of the Li family bloodline from the Ming Domain. He was the last descendant of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], so he could not be such an embarrassment to his family. His last stand was to not cry out in pain, regardless of what might happen.

He was a fatty that feared pain and death but this was the pep talk he gave himself for encouragement.

Then, he saw Yang Wanqu's sword radiance rise up, about to land on him.

He was about to experience a pain that was sure to be more intense.

All of a sudden, there was a flash of surprise in that fatty's eyes that soon turned to joy as though he had discovered something. He stared at something behind Yang Wanqu and admonished the intruder loudly through gritted teeth, "Goddammit… What… what took you so long?"

Yang Wanqu was stunned and his sword light halted for a moment, but soon he laughed coldly. "Are you trying to create a diversion? You should try this little childish trick on someone else. It is useless on me because I can already sense that there is no one else here…"

As soon as he spoke—

Another voice rang out that said, "How could someone like him inflict such serious injuries on you?"

It was Ye Qingyu's voice.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

