Chapter 1141:


Chapter 1156- You Wouldn't Dare

After Lin Xuan heard the old man's report of what happened, his eyes flashed with anger but he was also helpless to do anything about it. Just as how a shrimp would dupe the dragon when it is in the shallow water and a tiger could be teased by a dog when it leaves the remote mountains, a man who loses power and influence would be subjected to indignity. Back when the Marquis' residence was at its peak, countless people passed through its gates every day, but now that the Marquis had fallen from grace, everyone was hitting him while he was down.

There were around fifty-odd soldiers heading toward the Marquis' residence in the distance, including Zhou Hailong.

The two figures who led the group were dressed in brocade robes and rode loftily on dragon beasts that leaped and bore down menacingly on the Marquis' residence. They moved with an arrogant and overbearing air that could not be disguised and everyone on the streets hurriedly moved away when they saw these soldiers and kept a far distance from them...

Rumble! Rumble!

The dragon beasts’ huge hooves stomped loudly before they finally stopped in front of Marquis' Tingtao's residence.

"Ha ha, I heard that there was an idiot who had the guts to stand up for Marquis Tingtao. Ha ha ha, I'm here to see who this misguided soul is," a young man dressed in a purple long robe gracefully hopped off his dragon beast.

The other man was a stately middle-aged man who sat boldly on top of a dragon's head that was more than ten meters tall. He looked down at them like he was a lofty divine king surveying his ordinary citizens.

Dozens of soldiers fanned out from both sides to surround the residence.

They split into two teams but moved in perfect unison as though they were one entity and completely surrounded the main gate and both sides of the Marquis' residence. This military formation and crisp footwork marked these men as elite soldiers.

"That's him..." Zhou Hailong pointed at Ye Qingyu who stood on the stairs, looking very pleased with himself.

"This is the fool who has meddled in Your Grace's business and vehemently spoke up for you but he refused to take Your Grace seriously. He even asked me to send for reinforcements... Your Grace, you must not let this arrogant prick off today," Zhou Hailong said, seeking to inflame and incite.

"Ha ha, I was wondering who could this fool be but now I see that he's just a brash fellow," the young man in purple said with a cold scoff. He drew closer to the door and waved the whip in his hand as he said, "Who the hell do you think you are? How dare you stick your nose into our business? Tell me your name."

It was obvious that he didn't know who Ye Qingyu was.

The stately middle-aged man behind him and the soldiers that surrounded the Marquis' residence did not recognize Ye Qingyu either. After all, Ye Qingyu had just been appointed to his position and it was only the first day since he assumed his position as the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords]. Moreover, he was not dressed in official robes but wore plain clothes.

Lin Xuan was about to reveal Ye Qingyu's identity when Ye Qingyu stopped him with a wave and said, "Your Grace, please leave this to me."

Lin Xuan had no choice but to retreat at Ye Qingyu's words.

He felt hope spring in his heart since this newly appointed Military Judge made it seem like he was going to step in to handle this matter. This was no longer about lending a helping hand because now that he had been appointed to his official title, every word and action he made carried weight. Lin Xuan was certain that the Military Judge knew exactly what his actions meant.

"Who are you?"

Ye Qingyu asked after he stepped off the stairs and walked toward the young man. He only stopped when there was a distance of ten steps between them.

"Ah?" the handsome young man asked in surprise. Then, he threw his head back in laughter. "Ha ha ha, ha ha, are you seriously telling me that you don't know who I am? You've just proved that you're an ignorant fool. You don't even know what you've gotten yourself into and I can't believe that somebody as naive as yourself could exist. Ha ha, how interesting. Now I feel a little bad for having to kill you."

He laughed till he was about to cry but when he lifted his head, all the amusement on his face had vanished to be replaced by fierce killing intent. "Listen up, bastard. I'm the son of Marquis Bloodbone, Jia Zhen. By provoking me, you've also offended my entire residence, so today shall be the day you die."

"Oh, you're from the Marquis Bloodbone's residence," Ye Qingyu said with a nod.

He had heard about Marquis Bloodbone through Linghu Buxiu.

It was said that Marquis Bloodbone was an expert of the Bloodbone Race and that he was a newly promoted Marquis who had been promoted because he had thrown his support behind the King of Zhenyuan. Recently, he had also been causing all sorts of trouble within Royal City. As a long-time ally of the King of Zhenyuan, he had exploited his connections with the King of Zhenyuan to secretly bully both men and women, sell Dark One slaves, lie about his military achievements and other terrible deeds. He was one of the menaces at Royal City and his hands were tainted with the blood of many innocent people. He was a well-known tyrant, but because he was under the King of Zhenyuan's protection and had also carefully steered away from offending the bigwigs at Royal City, he had lived comfortably and had even received multiple promotions.

This arrogant young man in front of Ye Qingyu was Jia Zhen, the son of Marquis Bloodbone.

This meant that the stately middle-aged man who sat atop a dragon beast, surveying the scene like a divine king, was probably none other than Marquis Bloodbone. Did he really think that he was some kind of deity who had power over all living creatures?

"Oh, so what's so amazing about Marquis Bloodbone's residence then? Marquis Tingtao's residence is also the residence of a Marquis. You commanded others to batter at his door and they spoke disrespectfully at the Marquis, so you've already gone against the law by insulting the authority of a well-respected Marquis. Aren't you afraid that you'd be punished for your actions?" Ye Qingyu said calmly.

"Ha ha ha, the law? I am the law... No one would dare to utter a single word of censure even if I destroyed Marquis Tingtao's entire residence tonight. He he, you're just an ignorant fool, did you actually think that I'd be punished?" Jia Zhen said with a loud chuckle.

There was no trace of amusement in his eyes but instead, they were filled with murderous spirit and purple lightning could vaguely be seen forming within them.

He was clearly about to attack.

"I'm afraid that you wouldn't find it so amusing if the newly appointed [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] hears about this," Ye Qingyu continued calmly.

"Ha ha, why should I fear him? He's just a country bumpkin who has just arrived at the Royal City. Ha ha, only Nie Tiankong that idiot treats him like some kind of treasure..." Jia Zhen smiled sinisterly and said, "The damn Military Judge wouldn't be able to last long either. Once the King of Zhenyuan returns, he'd be doomed to die as well... As for you, you should use your blood to pay for the crime of insulting the glorious Marquis Bloodbone's residence!"

Then, his figure flashed as he immediately made his move.

A thin sword burst forth from his palm like a bolt of purple lightning. It moved extremely quickly as it charged straight toward the area between Ye Qingyu's brows.

His attack had been extremely ruthless and full of evil blood qi.

Jia Zhen was pretty powerful and he was at least a peak Great Saint. Furthermore, he exuded an aura that was exclusive to the experts of the military, which meant he had clearly seen blood, killed others, fought on the battlefield, and had a wealth of combat experience.

The soldiers around them who saw this attack couldn't help but release a secret sigh of admiration.

"The young master's [Purple Current] sword technique has improved to the point where it is simply phenomenal..." Zhou Hailong said with a sycophantic smile.

However——

The smile froze on his face even before he finished speaking.

The situation had suddenly changed in the distance.

Ye Qingyu had merely stretched out his finger as though he was trying to pick a flower and with a gentle pinch, he caught that bolt of lightning that was ripping through the void. He then turned his wrist around and the thick purple sword immediately curved, its tip now pointed at the space between Jia Zhen's brows...

He had moved so gracefully that his movements came as naturally as flowing water, without any trace of violence.

"You..." Jia Zhen was flabbergasted.

He realized that things were not looking good but when he tried to retreat, he felt the sword emit a powerful and unyielding force that instantly pinned him to the spot, as though it had cast a paralysis charm on him.

He was scared witless and felt the shadow of death loom closer.

However, the tip of the sword suddenly stopped right before it was about to pierce through his skin.

Cold sweat flowed from his forehead uncontrollably.

Ye Qingyu looked at him with a faint smile as he held that sharp blade that could shatter jade as though it was a harmless vine, then he turned to look at Zhou Hailong who was a picture of astonishment and said, "I must admit that I'm disappointed... I gave you time and an opportunity to summon your most powerful supporter, but you came back with this fellow who couldn't even handle one blow from me?"

"I..." Zhou Hailong felt like a sharp blade was pointed at his back as his eyes met Ye Qingyu's gaze that was as calm as black ice. An inexplicable sense of fear washed over him and he instinctively took a step back.

Ye Qingyu ignored him and turned his attention toward Jia Zhen as he asked, "You act in such an incredibly arrogant manner, but you're pathetically weak and foolishly ignorant, so how dare you try to act like you're all that in front of me?"

This was a great blow to Jia Zhen's pride and he gritted his teeth in anger.

However, he did not dare to move an inch because of that piercing energy that felt like pinpricks from the tip of Ye Qingyu's sword. He felt as though the sword tip would crush him the moment he spoke.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The soldiers around them immediately drew their swords and surrounded Ye Qingyu.

"Protect the young master."

"How dare you? Let our young master go right now."

Those who spoke were the bodyguards of Marquis Bloodbone's residence, so they were an elite group of soldiers but when Ye Qingyu glanced over at them, these bodyguards did not dare to draw any closer to him since Jia Zhen's life was in his hands.

The situation hung in a delicate balance.

Marquis Bloodbone who had been observing everything from his perch on the dragon beast's head finally spoke. A flash of iciness crossed his eyes as he said, "Alright, time to put a stop to this. Let him go."

He was talking to Ye Qingyu.

"Oh? Why should I let him go?" Ye Qingyu turned to look at Marquis Bloodbone and said, "If I let him go the moment you ask me to, then wouldn't this make me look bad?"

Marquis Bloodbone said contemptuously and coldly from his lofty perch, "There's no other way for you but to back down. My son might be in your hands but you wouldn't dare to kill him, so how long are you going to drag this on for? You should let him go—— if you know what's good for you."

Ye Qingyu said with a small smile, "Who told you that I wouldn't kill him?"

"Ha ha, there might be people within the Royal City who would have the guts to kill the son of a Marquis, but you're definitely not one of them... If you had the guts to kill him, you would have done so from the beginning instead of holding him hostage. Neither would you have spouted so much crap and tried to put on a tough front..." Marquis Bloodbone said confidently. "If you let him go right now and get on your knees to swear fealty to me, I might let you escape with your life if I'm in a good mood."

"Oh? Really?" Ye Qingyu laughed and said, "Unfortunately, regardless of how you may be feeling, I'm not in a good mood right now... so..."

Then, he exerted gentle force onto the tip of his blade.

Poof!

The thin blade pierced through Jia Zhen's brows as though it was piercing a piece of tofu.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1142:


Chapter 1157 - Getting Rid of Evil Without Further Explanation

Everyone froze in shock at that moment.

Jia Zhen was a legitimate son of a Marquis and he also held an official title within the military, so he was also considered a nobleman of the Guardians' camp. But he had just been lethally attacked in front of the Marquis, as though he was nothing more than a beast.

Even Lin Xuan who was aware of Ye Qingyu's true identity was shocked.

He assumed that even if this Military Judge chose to step in, he would handle the situation logically and would conduct investigations first before acting. He had not expected the Military Judge to react in such an overbearing manner. By choosing to shed blood, he had turned this situation into one that was completely beyond repair.

Lin Xuan suddenly felt as though he had previously underestimated the newly appointed Military Judge.

As for Marquis Bloodbone, who seemed so confident that everything was under his control just moments earlier, he suddenly froze when he saw that his son's head had been pierced through in front of him.

Yes, he was completely stunned.

He didn't freeze because of anger or shock.

He just couldn't believe his eyes and refused to admit that there could be someone who had the guts to kill his son under his nose.

How could such a thing happen?

In fact, he could only sit quietly atop his dragon beast for a while, unable to say a word.

Ye Qingyu smiled and loosened his grip.

Clatter!

Jia Zhen's body slumped on the floor, like a dog that had its backbone broken. Ye Qingyu had imbued his earlier attack with the power of laws and thus his vitality had been completely sapped away; he could no longer use his blood qi to heal himself.

The silence that hung in the air was so stifling that everyone found it hard to breathe.

A frightening aura silently but wildly circulated in the atmosphere.

"I told you that I could kill him. Do you believe me now?" Ye Qingyu said calmly as he lifted his head to face Marquis Bloodbone.

Marquis Bloodbone's figure shook violently atop the dragon beast.

He reacted like an enraged demonic king; blood-coloured mist swarmed out of his muscular body, like wisps of blood-coloured tentacles or blazing blood light flames full of destructive power. His figure started to flicker unsteadily in the void.

The bodyguards of his residence were so terrified by this scene that they went down on their knees, trembling violently, like ostriches burying their heads in the sand.

They had seen Marquis Bloodbone fly into a rage countless times; they knew just how terrifying he could be when he was in one of his mood swings.

"Very well. You've successfully provoked me," Marquis Bloodbone's voice was as piercing as a screeching ghost as he spoke from his perch on the dragon beast.

Abundant blood qi mist enveloped the dragon beast's gigantic body, then transformed into a terrifying blood mist ball that looked like it was filled with flowing blood. Two rays of crimson light shot out from it like blood swords, and that was the power of his gaze.

Ye Qingyu remained standing calmly on the spot.

Marquis Bloodbone was close to a Quasi-emperor's might at best, and although he was just one step away from attaining the Quasi-emperor reallmm, to Ye Qingyu, Marquis Bloodbone was like a childish kid who would not be able to handle one blow from him. Ye Qingyu knew that he could defeat Marquis Bloodbone even if the latter exerted the power of the Bloodbone Race to the maximum level.

Since the upper echelons of Royal City had bestowed him with the title of [Military Judge of the Nine Swords], then he should seize this opportunity to kill the evil and corrupt creatures within the Royal City. If the noblemen were all corrupt to the core, then he would kill them all until light returned to the city.

"I will make sure you die a horrible death," Marquis Bloodbone's voice rang out from the blood mist like two pieces of metal scraping against each other. It had the power to distract one's soul and cause a disturbance to one's mental state.

"Haha, you should focus on trying to survive first," Ye Qingyu scoffed, then his figure moved as fast as a ray of divine light, breaking past the sound barrier as he shot right into the blood mist.

"Oh no!" Lin Xuan was shocked when he saw that scene.

He knew how powerful this blood mist realm could be and Marquis Bloodbone had relied on this innate talent of his tribe to slowly climb into a position of power. When he was within this blood mist realm, Marquis Bloodbone's power would skyrocket significantly and he would possess the power of a Quasi-emperor instantly. If the Military Judge rushed in so rashly, he would find himself in a bind.

Boom! Boom Boom!

A terrifying Dao sound rumbled from the blood mist.

Lin Xuan grew even more anxious.

The rumbling Dao sounds were the unique sounds released by a Quasi-emperor's attack.

What should he do?

The Military Judge was about to lose!

Marquis Bloodbone was extremely ruthless and he would definitely kill the Military Judge. Moreover, he didn't know that Ye Qingyu was the Military Judge, so this meant that he would not show him mercy at all. Even if he killed the Military Judge, Marquis Bloodbone had the backing of the King of Zhenyuan; whatever happened today also meant that the upper echelons of Royal City would not mete out a serious punishment.

Oh no! Oh no!
Lin Xuan thought to himself, clenched his jaw and was about to rush over to lend a hand when suddenly, someone appeared to pull him back.

"Hmm? It's you…" Lin Xuan started in surprise. "Brother Linghu Buxiu… you…" The person who appeared was none other than Linghu Buxiu who had been observing the situation from a distance.

During these trying times, the only person who remained on cordial terms with Marquis Tingtao in Royal City was none other than Linghu Buxiu. After all, they had once been through life and death together.

"Don't worry. Brother Zhang LLongcheng knows what he's doing, just trust him to handle this," Linghu Buxiu said with a smile.

"But..." Lin Xuan said anxiously as he looked at the blood mist nearby.

Linghu Buxiu shot him a small smile and said, "Your Grace, you've grossly underestimated the Military Judge. Relax and stop fretting so much. The victor will emerge soon enough."

Before his voice had faded away—

Rumble!

A huge Dao sound rumbled loudly from the blood mist.

A surprised yell could also be heard from the blood mist.

Swish!

A figure shot out gracefully from the [Bloodbone Realm], moving as elegantly as a wild goose.

It was Ye Qingyu.

There was no trace of injury on him; his clothes were in perfect condition while his hair was perfectly unruffled.

He held a figure in his hand as though it were a chick; the person could not move nor struggle while his face was full of anger and shock. Who else could be in his hands other than Marquis Bloodbone?

Lin Xuan was completely flabbergasted by this scene.

Had Marquis Bloodbone lost?

And in such a short period of time?

He looked at Ye Qingyu and saw that there were no marks of battle on him. He looked as though he had merely entered the blood mist to take a walk. It was hard to tell from his calm demeanor that this was the person who had entered the [Bloodbone Realm], just moments before to capture Marquis Bloodbone alive.

Lin Xuan finally realized that he had truly underestimated the newly appointed [Military Judge of the Nine Swords]. This Military Judge was so incredibly powerful that it was far beyond the limits of his imagination.

No wonder he told him to leave everything to him.

No wonder he let Zhou Hailong summon reinforcements.

No wonder…

He was in control of the whole situation from the very beginning.

Then, Marquis Tingtao immediately understood that although the Military Judge had chanced upon this matter, it would be handled in accordance to his plan in the future and this was definitely not something he was doing on a whim. The Military Judge's actions showed that he was going to bare his fangs.

Marquis Tingtao was overcome with excitement.

He finally saw a glimmer of hope in his bleak predicament.

Clatter!

Ye Qingyu flung Marquis Bloodbone next to Jia Zhen's corpse.

The [Bloodbone Realm] in the distance had dissipated and Marquis Bloodbone could finally speak again. He looked at Ye Qingyu in utter shock and asked, "Who… who exactly are you?"

Even a fool could tell that something was strange about this man.

How could an ordinary brash fellow possess such extraordinary strength?

Even though there were countless experts within Royal City, a Quasi-emperor with such extraordinary strength could definitely not remain hidden in the shadows. He wracked his brain and mentally combed through all the information he had, but he could not find anything that matched this man's description. This was one of the reasons why he was in such a miserable state today.

"Me?" Ye Qingyu said with a laugh. "What a coincidence. According to your son, I'm the country bumpkin who doesn't know what's good for him."

"You are… the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords], Zhang Longcheng?" Marquis Bloodbone said as his jaw fell open in shock.

Realization dawned on him.

No wonder!

So, this was the Military Judge himself.

A wave of bitter helplessness spread from his heart to his entire body and transformed all the resentment and anger he had to a resigned sigh. He could only submit to his fate.

"I would never have come if I had known…" He said regretfully, "I admit to my wrongdoings. My son hurled insults in front of you and even insulted Commander Nie Tiankong. This is a crime deserving of death and I have nothing else to add. I will definitely not pursue this matter any further. In the future, the men of Marquis Bloodbone's residence will definitely go out of our way to avoid you whenever we are in the same place."

Ye Qingyu said with a cold smile, "The men of Marquis Bloodbone's residence? I'm afraid that in the future, Marquis Bloodbone's residence will cease to exist. Your Grace, you must be hoping to come out of this with your life."

"You…" Marquis Bloodbone's eyes widened in shock. "You mean to kill me?"

Ye Qingyu nodded and said, "I hold the [Seal of the Nine Swords] in my hand and I have to uphold righteousness within the military, as well as maintain order within the camp. Thus, I'll have to get rid of all evil and bring light back into the world. All those who commit evil deeds shall be killed. The nine swords represent the nine wise Martial Emperors who founded this land, giving me the authority to kill kings and commoners alike. So, did you really think that I'd spare you?"

"How dare… you…" Marquis Bloodbone's expression immediately changed.

He finally realized that things had gone terribly wrong. He hadn't expected the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] to be so bloodthirsty and bold. The Military Judge was clearly not just targeting him, he was targeting the King of Zhenyuan and his residence.

"Is it wrong for me to kill you?" Ye Qingyu asked as his sharp gaze pierced through him like divine swords. "I'm sure you're well aware of the crimes you've committed. There are many restless and wronged spirits within your residence, so I'm killing you so that you can use your blood to balance the scales."

"No, I…" Marquis Bloodbone yelled as he tried to explain.

He was completely filled with terror at this point in time. He had killed countless people and seen countless innocents cry and beg for mercy in front of him, but he had always enjoyed this feeling. However, now that he was the one begging for mercy, he discovered that there was nothing more despairing and terrifying than this.

However, Ye Qingyu was no longer interested in his explanations.

He did not want to enter into a debate today.

He merely wanted to get rid of evil.

Swish!

Sword light flashed.

Marquis Bloodbone's head rolled onto the ground.

Then, Ye Qingyu turned his gaze to Zhou Hailong who was completely scared witless.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1143:


Chapter 1158 - An Astounding Secret

Zhou Hailong was so scared that he couldn't think straight.

God, what kind of terrifying existence did he just provoke?

"My my my my my... My Lord.... please spare me," he stuttered and immediately fell to his knees. He didn't dare to run away and could only frantically kowtow to plead for his life.

Zhou Hailong had finally realized that he had definitely encountered a powerful and authoritative person. If Ye Qingyu had the guts to kill even both the Marquis Bloodbone and his son, he could kill Zhou Hailong as easily as he could crush an ant.

"I'll be dirtying my hands if I killed you," Ye Qingyu said with a shake of his head.

"Let's see if Marquis Lin Xuan is willing to forgive you... If you can't obtain his pardon, then you should end your own life," Ye Qingyu said and turned around.

All of the personal guards from Marquis Bloodbone's residence were on their knees.

They were like rats leaving a sinking ship now that they had lost their master.

Moreover, now that they knew Ye Qingyu's identity, they didn't dare to show any sign of dissent. They were all soldiers and the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] had control over the military law and could also kill without having to obtain prior approval. They had already seen how he killed Marquis Bloodbone and his son, so if they dared to resist him, they knew that he would probably kill them all immediately.

Lin Xuan was completely flabbergasted.

Although he had guessed that the Military Judge would be stepping in to handle this and was possibly doing so in order to target the King of Zhenyuan, he had never expected the Military Judge to be so aggressive and domineering. This was a titled Marquis that he had just killed without batting an eyelid.

Linghu Buxiu seemed calm on the surface but he was secretly astonished.

He suddenly had a feeling that the newly appointed [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] was probably way more ruthless and domineering than his predecessors. The Military Judge was like a peerless sword that had been unleashed onto the world and he was simply invincible.

He guessed that there would be a great change sweeping through the Guardians' Royal City soon enough.

Ye Qingyu walked toward the main gates and said with a salute, "Marquis Lin Xuan, I must apologize for spilling blood in front of your residence."

Lin Xuan's throat was rather dry and he hurriedly said, "Don't worry about it, Military Judge Zhang Longcheng. You were merely carrying out your duties..."

He was starting to sound a little incoherent.

After he reevaluated the newly appointed Military Judge and decided that he was an extremely dangerous man, Lin Xuan did not dare to treat this guest with any disrespect and felt a chill run down his spine at the thought of how rude he had been the previous night at Green Cloud Restaurant.

"I'll assume full responsibility for this incident, so you don't have to worry," Ye Qingyu said with a smile and turned toward the soldiers. "Take the Marquis' corpse back to his residence. Although they have committed unspeakable crimes, they have already paid the price, so I won't go too far and will allow them to have a proper burial."

The soldiers cautiously rose to their feet, still trembling with fear as they took the corpses of Marquis Bloodbone and his son and left.

Zhou Hailong tried to make his escape as well but Ye Qingyu stopped him.

Then, he turned to Lin Xuan and said, "Marquis Lin Xuan, I've come to visit today because I'd like to make some inquiries. Could we head inside to speak?"

"Sure, of course, you may. Military Judge Zhang Longcheng, please come in," Lin Xuan had already calmed down and hurriedly ushered Ye Qingyu into his residence. Since the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] was after the King of Zhenyuan, ‘an enemy of the enemy was a friend’, so he should make full use of this opportunity.

They entered the Marquis' residence together.

Zhou Hailong followed the group. He looked very despondent and his body was quaking in fear.

Marquis Tingtao's residence was rather large since Lin Xuan had been a titled Marquis for a long time and used to be in a position of influence in the military. However, this residence looked like it was falling into disrepair. The ground was full of fallen leaves and it was clear that no one had been sweeping the grounds. The corridors were empty and silent and seemed very deserted.

"Sigh, now that I've fallen from grace, I didn't wish to bring others down with me, so I sent all the servants and their families away. Only a few trusted soldiers and servants who have been with me for a long time still live here now..." Lin Xuan sighed helplessly as he showed Ye Qingyu around.

"Marquis Lin Xuan, I can see that you're a loyal and righteous man and these are very admirable qualities," Ye Qingyu said sincerely.

They walked past the empty front yard and came to the main courtyard of the residence.

The main courtyard seemed livelier and the moment they walked in, they saw a young maiden with chubby cheeks instructing a thin young man on the ways of boiling herbal medicine. Ye Qingyu immediately recognized the young servant girl as the impulsive young girl who had scolded Wei Heng at the Wanyi Bazaar and he was also surprised to see the young man here —— that was the black-haired Dark One young man who had been selling herbs to save his mother.

He didn't expect to see this young man at Marquis Tingtao's residence.

"Hmm? It's you?" A melodious voice exclaimed in surprise.

The young girl in red appeared and looked at Ye Qingyu in astonishment.

"We meet again," Ye Qingyu said as he winked playfully at her.

The young girl laughed and said, "How are you? Are you alright? Why haven't you left Royal City? You've gotten yourself in huge trouble by provoking the men from the King of Zhenyuan's residence. After you beat Wei Heng up so badly, he must hate you to the core, so how do you still have the guts to show up here? Are you trying to seek refuge in our residence? Let me tell you, I don't think we can much longer either..."

The young girl rambled on.

She was extremely curious about Ye Qingyu and that incident at Wanyi Bazaar had left a deep impression on her. She walked over to him and smacked his shoulder, "He he, I must admit that you're pretty clever. If you seek refuge here, you might just be able to last a few days longer. If push comes to shove, we'll just go all out to fight them..."

"Zhu'er, don't be rude," Lin Xuan quickly stopped her.

He rushed to explain, "My Lord, this is my daughter, Lin Nanzhu. I have failed to discipline her since she was a child and now she has grown to become like a little tomboy and she can be a little stubborn and unruly. Please don't hold it against her."

"Ha ha, Marquis Lin Xuan, don't stand on ceremony. Your daughter is very plucky and brave and has a heroic spirit. She is like a female heroine who exudes a valiant air and I truly admire her," Ye Qingyu said with a chuckle. "Marquis Lin Xuan, you've got a good daughter."

"My Lord, you flatter her. Please come in," Lin Xuan stared at his daughter and led the way into the main hall.

Lin Nanzhu stared at Ye Qingyu in astonishment. She was bursting with curiosity but she could only step aside when her father shot her a look. She was still dying to know more about him. Could he be some influential figure?

She turned around to see Zhou Hailong who had followed the group inside.

Her face immediately blazed with anger.

"Hey Zhou Hailong, what do you think you're doing here? How dare you have the gall to enter my residence? Why? Are you still after my hand in marriage? Bah! Have you looked at yourself in the mirror? I'd rather marry a beggar on the streets than marry you... get lost."

Then, she immediately looked like she wanted to beat him up.

She had grown up by her father's side and had naturally cultivated the martial way.

Zhou Hailong quaked in fear and quickly fell to his knees, "Miss Lin Nanzhu, this is a misunderstanding, a misunderstanding. I'm here to atone for my sins. Please spare me... I had acted in a despicable manner and I was wrong... Please forgive me. I swear I wouldn't do this again..."

He had capitalized on the support given to him by the Marquis Bloodbone's and King of Zhenyuan's residence and demanded that Marquis Tingtao hand over Lin Nanzhu's hand in marriage in exchange for the harassment on Marquis Tingtao's residence to stop. He was now filled with regret for his past actions now that he had ended up in such a state.

Hmm?

What was going on?

Lin Nanzhu was baffled by his actions.

In the main hall.

Lin Xuan personally brewed tea for all of them and after he served them, the trio started to chat amongst themselves.

"My Lord, may I know what's the purpose of your visit today..." Lin Xuan asked directly. Now that things had turned out like this, there was no need to beat around the bush.

Ye Qingyu said earnestly, "I'd like to find out more about the Fire Province from Your Grace and I hope that you'd be able to share your information with me."

Lin Xuan nodded.

He had guessed as much.

His expression turned grim and heaved a long sigh. It seemed like this request had brought back some memories. He didn't speak for a while and looked very hesitant, as though he was wary of something.

"Brother Lin Xuan, now that things have turned out this way, you don't really have much of a choice. Why don't you place your faith in Lord Zhang Longcheng? He might just be able to help you out," Linghu Buxiu advised Lin Xuan. "These days, the King of Zhenyuan has become more arrogant and domineering, so only Military Judge Zhang Longcheng and Commander Nie Tiankong would have the authority to see justice done. Why are you still being so hesitant?"

Ye Qingyu looked quietly at Lin Xuan but did not make any move to pressure him.

Lin Xuan heaved another long sigh.

He suddenly rose to his feet and started pacing around the main hall. He wore a conflicted expression on his face that hadn't been there earlier and finally turned around to face both of them after some time and said, "Military Judge Zhang Longcheng, Brother Linghu Buxiu, this isn't about what I'm willing to share, but the information that I've found out is truly much too bizarre and baffling... Moreover, this has serious implications and could potentially implicate all the bigwigs in Royal City, I... sigh..."

He heaved another sigh and seemed like he was between a rock and a hard place.

Ye Qingyu and Linghu Buxiu exchanged a look and they both saw the surprise and shock in each other's eyes.

Marquis Tingtao Lin Xuan was not an indecisive person, so could the fact that he was so conflicted actually mean that he had come to know about some astounding secret? A secret so earth-shattering that made the King of Zhenyuan so determined to kill him? This also could be why all the other noblemen in Royal City had turned their backs on Marquis Tingtao even after he returned to Royal City.

"No matter what this secret is, one cannot turn back time and since you're already involved, there's no way for you to back out now. Thus, why don't you share this with us?" Ye Qingyu asked.

Lin Xuan sighed and he finally looked like he had come to a decision as he said resolutely, "I owe the both of you a debt of kindness, so I don't want to bring harm upon you. However, if I reveal this great secret to you, you'd both be dragged into this with no way out as well and you might even end up being killed because of this secret. The soldiers under my command were pursued and killed because of this secret and died without even getting a proper burial. So I must pose this question to the both of you, are you sure you're ready to listen to this secret?"

Ye Qingyu nodded without any hesitation.

But Linghu Buxiu sensed something terrible behind Lin Xuan's words and hesitated for a moment before he suddenly rose to his feet and said, "If that is the case, I'd better leave this place first... Marquis Lin Xuan, please go ahead and share this with Lord Zhang Longcheng alone." Linghu Buxiu had always placed self-preservation first and since this matter wasn't of utmost importance to him, there was no need for him to place himself in harm's way.

After Linghu Buxiu left, Ye Qingyu created a powerful barrier formation all around the main hall before he finally said with a smile, "Marquis Lin Xuan, please feel free to share with me what you know."

Lin Xuan looked at Ye Qingyu with a complicated expression and nodded as he said, “Very well. Since Lord Zhang Longcheng wishes to hear about it, I'll tell you about it. I've had some contact with the rebel known as Xiaofei at the Fire Province and also came to know of an astounding secret. This is the reason why the King of Zhenyuan has been trying to kill me and the true reason behind the deaths of countless men under my command."

"Please continue," Ye Qingyu said calmly.

Lin Xuan's jaw clenched before he said, "I discovered that the Sinners were innocent while the Guardians camp are the true sinners."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1144:


Chapter 1159 - More Serious Than Expected

The Sinners were innocent!

These four words caused Ye Qingyu's heart to beat wildly.

He hadn't met any Sinners since he entered the Dark Realm, but he knew that the sinner's blood flowed within him. Based on those words, he would even be considered a demon amongst the sinners and would be named the worst sinner of all.

The 'Sinners' were almost a taboo topic within the Dark Realm.

They were charged with the toughest part of the resistance against the Invaders and were the lowest social class in the Dark Realm. They were considered to be even worse than the Alien Dark Ones and they were born to be war machines; the only reason for their existence was to fight. They would use their lives, their blood and bones to defend this world from danger.

Since ancient times, it was determined that the Sinners' ancestors had committed a huge, unforgivable crime, and the ancient wise men of the other races joined forces to leave a generational curse within their bodies. They would never be forgiven and they would have to pay for their crimes with their lives, generation after generation.

As for the Guardians' camp, they could enjoy the peaceful days that came at the cost of the Sinners' lives.

If anyone within the Dark Realm dared to utter the words 'the Sinners are innocent', this person would immediately be shunned and would be considered the enemy of the Guardians' camp. It would be blasphemous to even suggest this and this saying had to be squashed at all costs.

No wonder Lin Xuan had immediately paled when he was asked about the Fire Province and turned to leave. It also made sense why he was so conflicted and hesitant earlier even though he wasn't left with much choice.

It turned out that these were the words he wanted to say.

After Lin Xuan spoke, he watched Ye Qingyu's reaction intently.

When he saw that Ye Qingyu didn't seem too surprised nor fly into a rage immediately, he was slightly astonished and exclaimed, "My Lord... why do you not seem surprised?"

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, "Your Grace, you had already told me that it was an astounding secret earlier, so I had mentally steeled myself... please continue."

Marquis Tingtao was still unable to wrap his head around Ye Qingyu's reaction, but since he had already revealed so much, there was no turning back. He nodded and continued, "I know that this is a ridiculous idea and it sounds like heresy, but this was something that myself and my elite soldiers saw in the Expansion Way of the Universe at the Fire Province. I was extremely astonished and rushed to report this to the King of Zhenyuan, but we didn't expect that a massacre was about to happen..."

A barely perceptible flash of light circulated in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

Expansion Way of the Universe?

This was a rare and magical phenomenon.

There were many explanations for this phenomenon and basically, it was the physical manifestation of the universal mysteries of heaven and earth, with heaven as the backdrop and earth as the drawing board. It was the most visual display of the mysteries of the universe; there were many ancient wise men who had managed to attain immortality because they had witnessed the Expansion Way of the Universe, and several ordinary lifeforms had become experts with the powers of Great Emperors, all because they had gained enlightenment in one night after seeing the Expansion Way of the Universe. There weren't many occasions of miraculous events occurring because of the Expansion Way of the Universe, but these fascinating miracles were indeed recorded in the history of the Vast Thousand Domains.

The Expansion Way of the Universe revealed most but not all of the profound Great Daos of the universe. It would also reveal certain events of the past, as though time had turned back. What was even more magical about the Expansion Way was that the ancient events that it would reveal tended to be very ancient and quite important.

"What did you see?" Ye Qingyu asked curiously.

He suddenly felt as though some things were starting to make sense.

"I saw the Great Emperors going to battle and the heavens shattering; I saw the ancestors of the various races who were like the legendary fiendgods, raising their hands to shatter planets and their every exhaling was like a galaxy. I saw a bloody and fierce battle as all the ancestors of the various races went to battle. they destroyed galaxies and shattered planets. I saw countless living creatures dying..." Lin Xuan's expression was a little dazed as though he was reliving the memory of when he had witnessed the Expansion Way of the Universe. He muttered, "I saw, I saw something that was even more powerful than a Martial Emperor..."

"What?" Ye Qingyu jumped to his feet and asked incredulously, "Something that was even more powerful than a Martial Emperor? How could it be... what could be more powerful than a Martial Emperor?"

This time, he was truly astonished.

A Martial Emperor was the highest and most powerful person that could exist and bore the heaven's mandate. This was a well-known fact. The Martial Emperor was known as the manifestation of heaven's will and was known to be absolutely invincible since ancient times, so how could there be something more powerful than a Martial Emperor? This was impossible...

"I couldn't believe it either, but I personally saw the ancestors of the various races, the supreme Martial Emperors who have only existed in legends. They were not from the same era, but they appeared together at the same time, joining forces to battle against a matchless and elegant figure. They fought bitterly, but those hundreds of Martial Emperors were not even a match against that one person..."

Marquis Tingtao's voice was full of incredulity.

It was as though he was reliving the shock and astonishment he had initially felt when he saw the Expansion Way.

Ye Qingyu was equally stunned.

The ancestors of the various races appeared at the same time despite not having existed in the same era to attack the same being. This sounded extremely far-fetched. Hundreds of Martial Emperors appearing together must have been incredibly terrifying, and if the event had truly happened, it must have happened eons ago, and it was a thing of the past. What kind of existence could resist the joint attacks of hundreds of Martial Emperors?

Could there really be an existence that was more powerful than a Martial Emperor?

"At long last, countless ancestors of the various races perished and they suffered great losses while that matchless figure was also injured. At the same time, his followers and the experts who fought for him were captured. Ultimately, the matchless figure chose to Dao-dissolve and thousands of rays of Great Dao light burst from his body to enter the bodies of his followers. This helped in turning them into Immortals..."

Marquis Tingtao sounded like he was in a trance and spoke like he was sleep talking.

He continued, "After that figure Dao-dissolved, the battle ended. The ancestors of the various races who barely managed to escape with their lives found that they were not able to destroy the followers of that matchless figure, so these Martial Emperors used their blood to exert a mysterious technique and imprinted all these followers with a curse. They forced them to bear the sinner's blood, handing down this bad blood to their sons and grandsons for generations to come. This cursed blood within them would never wear off and as time passed, these followers became known as the Sinners and were sent to defend the frontiers of the Dark Realm..."

Ye Qingyu finally understood that these were the origins of the Sinners.

If the Expansion Way of the Universe had shown the truth, then this event must have happened when the Dark Realm was first formed. In the beginning, there were no Guardians, Alien Dark Ones and Sinners, and this event had led to the formation of these social classes within the Dark Realm.

Ye Qingyu believed Marquis Tingtao's words because there was no way that the Expansion Way could be showing a false event.

However...

"Even if you saw all these via the Expansion Way, there's no way to determine whether the Sinners are innocent either, right?" Ye Qingyu asked in confusion.

The events that the Marquis Tingtao described did not prove anything.

"Obviously, these scenes weren't enough to prove anything, but these weren't only pictures; we also heard voices. I heard the matchless figure admonishing the ancestors of the various races for their betrayal, and his followers angrily rebuked the ancestors of the various races, calling them 'the sinners of this world'. I heard the ancestors of the various races fly into a rage and chose to exact revenge by casting a curse upon all these followers, turning them into the Sinners. They even threatened these followers, and told them that if they did not resist the Invaders, they would turn the entire world into a living hell..."

Marquis Tingtao continued to relive the experience.

The scenes from the Expansion Way of the Universe were extremely clear and there was a form of supreme power contained within them. Dao sounds had rumbled while the power of laws had surged, causing heaven and earth to shift. This was definitely not a man-made phenomenon and even a top-level Quasi-emperor could not create such a powerful manifestation.

Ye Qingyu grew even more astonished.

Was this the secret that the Guardians were keeping?

Wang Jianru had also mentioned that the true sinners were the noblemen of the Royal City, and she thought that the true heroes were the Sinners of the Unmoving City of Darkness. However, as a powerful figure of the Unmoving City of Darkness, her opinions might have been coloured by her own bias. There were many historical events that were fraught with controversy—both parties may have formed their own understanding and reasoning of certain events. However, now that he had heard the same words from an esteemed Marquis from the Guardians' camp, he immediately believed it to be the truth.

Ye Qingyu started to mull over the implications of this news.

This information was enough to overturn the glorious Guardians' camp. Once this news was made public, it would definitely bring forth chaos within the Guardians' camp. This was why the King of Zhenyuan had to kill all of the soldiers under Marquis Tingtao at all costs.

Ye Qingyu was also almost certain that the King of Zhenyuan wasn't acting alone, but this could possibly be the will of the entire Guardians' camp. However, he wasn't sure if Nie Tiankong knew about this.

He still found it odd that Lin Xuan wasn't killed the moment he returned to Royal City.

If all of the noblemen of Royal City had joined forces, Lin Xuan would have never lived till that day—in fact, Lin Xuan should have never been able to make it back to Royal City at all.

There had to be other secrets that even he wasn't aware of.

"Marquis Lin Xuan, when did you see the Expansion Way of the Universe?" Ye Qingyu asked. He was starting to feel concerned.

"We had only just entered the borders of the Fire Province that day. The heavens were the backdrop while the ground was the canvas and the Expansion Way could be seen within a radius of hundreds of thousands of kilometers. The King of Zhenyuan's men had yet to arrive, so it was only the vanguard troops who witnessed this sight," Lin Xuan said.

"A radius of hundreds of thousands of kilometers..." Ye Qingyu gasped. "Are you saying that a large portion of the of the Fire Province citizens had also witnessed the Expansion Way of the Universe?"

Marquis Tingtao Lin Xuan nodded and said, "That was indeed the case. The Expansion Way of the Universe covered such a large area that it was shocking. Even if not all the citizens of the Fire Province witnessed this phenomenon, I'm certain that this news was spread all over the Fire Province in recent days."

Ye Qingyu's expression turned grim as he said, "This means that the Fire Province is in trouble."

If he was one of the upper echelons of the Guardians' camp, he would definitely choose to wipe out the Fire Province from the map of the Dark Realm at all costs. Every single living creature that lived in the Fire Province would have to be killed to prevent this information from leaking out, just like how Lin Xuan's men had been killed.

What would happen to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and the others then?

The situation was a lot more serious than he had expected.

Furthermore, he realized that his life would be in danger the moment he stepped out of Marquis Tingtao's residence. If he wasn't careful, he might end up being killed.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

