Chapter 385:


Chapter 404 - The Daughter of Lu Zhaoge

Seeing that Ye Qingyu had finished the wine, the smile on the lips of the woman in white immediately widened, like a child who had just made a prank, laughing like blossoming plants swaying in the breeze.

Yu Xiaoxing and Aunt Heng threw each other a glance.

The former’s eyes were filled with astonishment and confusion.

The latter’s eyes were equally astonished, shaking her head slightly.

It was obvious that at this moment, Aunt Han was definitely not the person that they were familiar with. Today she was indeed a bit abnormal.

In the past, let alone an ordinary little noble like Ye Qingyu, even if it was the Snow Empire’s Snow Emperor, as long as Aunt Han disagreed, it was impossible for them to enter this bamboo forest. Unexpectedly, today, for the first time, she let Ye Qingyu drink the [Drunken Immortal Wine] that she personally brewed, and also drink a whole jar.

It should be said that [Drunken Immortal Wine] was really comparable to origin crystal, in that there is no market price and the materials used were all spiritual medicines and herbal ingredients collected from this ancestral land.

This ancestral land was once a herbal medicine field of a top sect in the era of sects, and later was unknowingly transformed into an ancestral land by a war god of Snow Empire, and its terrain was changed. Under the protection of formations for hundreds of years, the ancestral land still maintained its original style, there have not been picking and destruction, and the spiritual medicines and herbal ingredients remained in perfect condition. In the ancient times, even members of the imperial family may not be allowed to pick the herbal plants, but Aunt Han could pick them as she wished, like she was pulling out radishes, and brew them into wine following an ancient method. For martial artists, this wine was simply a priceless treasure.

Although Aunt Han treats such fine wine as ordinary alcohol, she was not at all stingy to the people close to her. But to outsiders, she would speak bluntly and harshly.

Once there was a relative of the imperial family, taking advantage of the fact that the blood of the imperial family runs in his body, intruded the bamboo forest, and was directly killed by Aunt Han’s zither sounds and turned to smithereens.

So today, at first, Yu Xiaoxing was hesitant to take Ye Qingyu into the bamboo forest.

Unexpectedly, this time Aunt Han herself wanted to see Ye Qingyu, an outsider.

That would have been astonishing enough.

But now she even let Ye Qingyu drink all the [Drunken Immortal Wine].

She said she threw it in the wrong direction, but from the beginning it was obvious that she was clearly aiming it towards Ye Qingyu?

Xing’er angrily thought to herself.

While Ye Qingyu was already feeling dizzy and his vision blurred. He could only feel countless heat currents flowing around his body like horses running wild, all muscles, bones, flesh and blood were burning, but there was no pain, and instead felt warm and comfortable, as if he had returned to his mother’s womb.

Ye Qingyu’s sight was a little blurred.

When he opened his eyes, the figures in front were seen overlapping into several layers of images.

Vaguely, he seemed to have seen the white-clothed beauty Aunt Han. She came towards him step by step, stretched out her hand, gently stroked his head. There seemed to be glistening teardrops that flashed into those clear as autumn spring eyes, and then Ye Qingyu was too drunk, immediately falling asleep...

……

……

It was unknown how much time had passed.

Ye Qingyu was waking up in a confused state.

He was slightly frightened until he suddenly examined the surroundings, realizing that he was lying on his back on the deck of the ship, reeking of alcohol. His hands and feet felt weak, but his body was full of strength and he felt an unprecedented comfort throughout his body.

The unruly Princess Yu Xiaoxing was sitting at the bow of the ship with her feet in the air.

Ye Qingyu sprang up, touching his head.

The memory in his mind was seemingly real, but somewhat vague.

Drawing a deep breath, Ye Qingyu rested on his stomach at the side of the ship, overlooking below. There were temples one after another, deity statues and magnificent temples. The sounds of chanting and smell of incense filled the air. It seemed that they had come out from the Imperial Ancestral Land, and into the outside the temple area.

Ye Qingyu looked over at Yu Xiaoxing, who looked bored with her hand under her chin, asking, “How long has it been?”

“Not long.” Xing’er casted a very strange glance at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu breathed a sigh of relief, “Oh, good, good.”

Xing’er then added, “Only two days and two nights have past.”

“What?” Ye Qingyu suddenly jumped up. “That isn’t long?”

Xing’er stared at him with a gaze like she was looking at an idiot. “The people that get drunk from [Drunken Immortal Wine] sleep for three or four months while you only slept two days and two nights, is that very long?”

“But...” Ye Qingyu’s face darkened. “I will miss the allotted time of the military report.”

“Oh,” Xing’er nodded. “I see. It’s not that important, although the army said that military orders cannot be disobeyed, but just by missing the allotted time, they won’t kill you.

Ye Qingyu, “...”

Xing’er sniggered out loud, “Well, it’s not that serious, so don’t worry. I have already told people to tell my brother, the Crown Prince, you can go a day or two later.”

Ye Qingyu, “...”

Ye Qingyu felt he was almost tricked to death by this unruly princess.

“Hey, seriously, have you seen Aunt Han before?” Xing’er moved closer, her eyes wide and unblinkingly staring at Ye Qingyu, with an extremely curious and nosy gaze.

Ye Qingyu said snappily, “What do you think?”

“I don’t think you could have ever seen her,” Xing’er answered with a perplexed expression on her face. “But why do I feel like Aunt Han’s attitude to you is too strange. She has never been so nice to others before.”

“Nice?” Ye Qingyu couldn’t help laughing. “You think that forcing me to get drunk the first time we meet is being nice to me?”

“Tut-tut...” Xing’er curled her lips contemptuously. “Look at your face like you’ve been mistreated. You’ve gained an advantage but pretending otherwise. Did you know that the first time I went, I just drank three bowls of [Drunken Immortal Wine]? Did you know that my older brother Crown Prince wants to drink this [Drunken Immortal Wine] but he can’t? Did you know...”

Ye Qingyu proudly smiled.

That wine really was something good.

“Do you know that when you were asleep, Aunt Han was very concerned about you? She told Aunt Heng to take you to the Bamboo House of [Snow Peak Platform], even my father had not set foot there before, you know my father is Aunt Han’s older brother...” Xing’er blurted out.

“What?” Ye Qingyu exclaimed in shock. “That Aunt Han is your father’s younger sister?”

“I call her aunt, she is obviously my father’s generation of people, what’s so strange?” Xing’er looked at Ye Qingyu with disdain.

“But...” Ye Qingyu felt that there seems to be something wrong and asked again, “What about that Aunt Heng?”

“Aunt Heng is my elder, but she is not of the Yu clan.” Xing’er hesitated for a moment, before continuing, “In fact, this Aunt Heng and you have a little relation.”

“Me?” Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded.

Xing’er nodded, “You know Aunt Heng’s father.”

“Ah?” Ye Qingyu was at a total loss.

Xing’er smiled, “Guess.”

Ye Qingyu had nothing to say, but to entertain Her Highness Princess Xing’er, he said one or two names. Xing’er finally just laughed, “[War God of Youyan Pass] Pass Lord Lu, is the father of Aunt Heng, you couldn’t guess right?”

Ye Qingyu was so shocked his jaw dropped.

That gentle woman is the daughter of Lu Zhaoge?

Why would the daughter of Lu Zhaoge be in the Iimperial capital, be at the imperial family’s ancestral land?

Is it not said that those without the blood of the Yu clan cannot enter the imperial family’s ancestral land?

“Aunt Heng started out as a maid of Aunt Han and grew up with Aunt Han. They have always been very close, and later something happened. Aunt Heng was involved in a calamity, and almost died. Aunt Han was furious and personally killed tens of thousands of noble experts of the Empire, blood flowed for thousands of miles, and even the current Right Minister was almost killed in that battle.” Xing’er sighed. “I don’t know much about this matter, after all. I was still small at that time. There are many things I have not personally experienced, and don’t remember clearly... But since then, Aunt Heng left Youyan Pass, followed Aunt Han and has been living in the ancestral land.”

There was such an incident.

Ye Qingyu nodded slightly.

It sounded like another mystery of the higher-levels of the empire, outsiders won’t know too much.

But since Aunt Heng is the daughter of Lu Zhaoge, how was she involved in a calamity and almost died?

Within the empire, there were indeed some that dared to touch the daughter of Lu Zhaoge, but they could absolutely be counted with one’s fingers.

And this mystery also involves the most powerful Right Minister of the Empire today?

“The reason I came here today, besides to pay respect to my ancestors and visit Aunt Han, was to bring a letter to Aunt Heng from Pass Lord Lu,” Xing’er explained. “In fact, Aunt Heng and Aunt Han are people of cruel fate. They both have someone they love, but can’t be together with him, are forever separated, and most likely would never see each other again in this life... Why would fate be so cruel to such remarkable women?”

Ye Qingyu was speechless.

This trip to the Imperial Ancestral Land, for him, was like a dream.

About this vague past that Xing’er had mentioned, Ye Qingyu did not understand too much, but for some reason, when he thought of the two women of unsurpassed beauty in the ancestral land, Ye Qingyu could not help but feeling a burst of compassion and bitterness for them.

From what Xing’er had said, these two women of unsurpassed beauty have encountered the ups and downs of love.

Ye Qingyu also couldn’t help thinking of Song Xiaojun.

The girl who had lost her memory, where was she now?

“Don’t know why, but Aunt Han seems to give you special preferential treatment, she not only let you drink the [Drunken Immortal Wine], but also let you onto the [Snowy Peak Platform]. If words get out, it would most likely cause a storm within the imperial family, it is far more shocking than you using the [Three Thousand Feet of White Hair]...” Yu Xiaoxing stared at Ye Qingyu, “Why is that?”

Ye Qingyu very seriously thought for a moment, then said, “Is it not because of you? Doesn’t she also think that I’m your little boyfriend?”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 386:


Chapter 405 - This old woman finds you pleasing to the eye

“You looking for a fight.” Yu Xiaoxing’s cheeks flushed rosy red, saying abruptly, “You know that the matter is not finished... Besides, I didn’t get such good treatment, so how could that be the reason... Oh, yes, when Aunt Heng took me to the ancestral temple to collect herbal ingredients at the medicinal peak, only Aunt Han herself was taking care of you, you...” The princess looked Ye Qingyu over with a suspicious eye. “You really did not wake up at all?”

Ye Qingyu nodded. “Of course.”

“During the time that I wasn’t there, nothing had happened right?” Yu Xiaoxing said in a skeptical tone. “The reason that Aunt Heng took me to pick herbal ingredients, was it to deliberately send me away?”

“You’re thinking too much?” Ye Qingyu replied, taken aback

“There must be something strange,” Yu Xingyu said firmly.

But she couldn’t find any other suspicious points.

Ye Qingyu didn’t say anything else.

[Drunken Immortal Wine] really was too strong, Ye Qingyu did not think that with his current level of cultivation, he would get drunk.

He vaguely remembered that before he passed out, there was a scene that he saw: white hair, white-clothed Aunt Han was reaching out her hand to touch his head, her eyes were glistening with tears... Was that an illusion that he saw, or did it really happen?

Ye Qingyu tried to ask Yu Xiaoxing.

Yu Xiaoxing stared at him blankly, from her expression it was evident that she did not know about this.

What’s going on?

Ye Qingyu was increasingly baffled.

At that time he clearly remembered that Yu Xiaoxing and that Aunt Heng were both present.

Why would this be.

This matter disclosed a kind of strangeness.

And Ye Qingyu faintly felt that in his mind there seemed to be information, but for some reason, he could not grasp the key pieces and put them together. It was as though when something was about to penetrate and break through, but a layer of window paper was in the way.

Ye Qingyu could not understand this matter as he thought of it over and over again. In the end, he simply forgot about this matter.

Since the alcohol of [Drunken Immortal Wine] was still surging within his body, Ye Qingyu sat crossed-legged, exercising his breathing and harmonizing qi, and began refining the alcohol yuan qi in his body.

The nameless breathing technique was activated.

Ye Qingyu was about to enter a meditative state, when suddenly he realized that his mind seemed to be... there seemed to be something more.

“That’s...”

Ye Qingyu was astonished.

It was two bright balls of light that suddenly jumped into his mind while he was operating the nameless breathing technique.

What’s going on?

There was something in his mind that he did not even know?

Vaguely, Ye Qingyu felt that this may be related to Aunt Han. When her hands touched his head, she probably quietly did something...

Ye Qingyu’s eyes shot open. “That Aunt Han’s strength, is it very terrifying?”

Yu Xiaoxing firmly nodded. “If Aunt Han’s strength is not strong, how could she develop the [Demonic Zither]?”

Ye Qingyu said, “I don’t know much about the [Demonic Zither].”

“All right.” Yu Xiaoxing rubbed her forehead, saying, “[Three Thousand Feet of White Hair] is one of the four greatest weapons of the Empire. The [Demonic Zither] is one of the other three, you should have seen the power of the [Three Thousand Feet of White Hair]. You almost used it instantly to kill Du Heng, but the [Three Thousand Feet of White Hair] I gave you is just a replica of the real weapon, so you should understand the power of [Demonic Zither], right?”

“Replica?” Ye Qingyu exclaimed in shock.

Xing’er said in a firm tone, “Of course, if it is authentic, how could I give it to you? And even if I want to give you the real one, with my status, even I can’t get the real [Three Thousand Feet of White Hair].”

“That’s... you’re right.” Ye Qingyu nodded.

Of course, before he had also been wondering that if he really had one of the greatest treasures of the empire, then he should have been able to use it more than once, and it should not have fallen into his hands so easily.

“You’ve come to the imperial capital for a while now, you should have heard about the [Divine Dragon List]?” Xing’er asked again.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

The [Divine Dragon List] is one of the major lists of the imperial capital, which ranks the real top martial artists, and saying that it is a ranking for the strongest of the Human Race also wasn’t an exaggeration.

“Aunt Han by herself can sweep away all experts of the [Divine Dragon List].” Xing’er added.

“How could that be possible?” Ye Qingyu jumped up.

This piece of information was really a bit too shocking.

Those on the [Divine Dragon List] were real top-ranked experts, there were even a lot of Ascending Heaven existences that could be called old monsters and old demons. They have been famous for so many years, a mention of any one of them could make a child cry. Yu Xiaoxing said that Aunt Han can sweep away these evil-doers.

“Haha, look at your face, the things you don’t know, there are many,” Xing’er said proudly. “Without my Aunt Han, Snow Empire would not have had smoothly established the empire.”

Ye Qingyu did not speak, and just quietly listened.

The matters were getting more and more mysterious.

“Of course, to be exact, the reason the Yu clan can sweep away people from all sides, crush the major sects and top martial artists of the era of sects, was because of that invincible War God uncle. But without Aunt Han, there wouldn’t be that War God uncle...” Yu Xiaoxing looked more and more complacent, but the more she said the more puzzled he was.

As she was speaking, a golden armoured guard came over, whispering something in Yu Xiaoxing’s ear.

The expression on Yu Xiaoxing’s face slightly changed, she said a few words to Ye Qingyu before turning away and went into the cabin of the ship.

Ye Qingyu waved his hand and did not say anything else.

War God uncle?

What does that mean?

Was it that legendary invincible War God?

Ye Qingyu shook his head. He felt that the matters of the imperial family Yu clan really were too secretive.

Since Yu Xiaoxing was gone, there was no way Ye Qingyu could solve all the question on his mind. He sat at the bow of the ship by himself for a while, operated the nameless breathing technique, and immersed in the state of cultivation, to see the two mysterious bright balls of light that inexplicably appeared in his mind.

The sea of divine knowledge of a martial artist was as boundless as the stars of the universe.

The two balls of bright light, like two huge stars, were suspended in the endless sky.

Ye Qingyu carefully separated out a wisp of divine thought, attempting to touch one of the balls of light.

The second the divine thought touched the light, it suddenly ruptured, silently splitting into several specks of light, twinkling in the void of knowledge.

Startled, Ye Qingyu was cautious and alert.

The countless bright specks of light were constantly fluttering and flashing, constantly combining and arranging in order, as if they had life and were changing into something.

Ye Qingyu held his breath in deep concentration.

Gradually he came to understand.

The specks of light were changing into some kind of handwriting.

After a short moment, all the specks of light had finished changing.

Thousands of flowing words were appearing in the void of the sea of knowledge.

Ye Qingyy blankly looked at the four characters at the top——

[Divine Emperor Sword Mantra].

This was the [ivine Emperor Sword Mantra]?

[Divine Emperor Sword Mantra] technique that was known as the three Greatest Sword Techniques?

Before the specks of light had finished changing, Ye Qingyu thought of countless possibilities, but had not thought of this.

Right now Ye Qingyu was basically certain that the two large balls of light in his mind were definitely because the white hair white-clothed beauty Aunt Han used some supreme ability to penetrate into his sea of knowledge——If, as Yu Xiaoxing had said, this Aunt Han was a master that can crush the top experts, she could have easily done this.

The problem was that, why would she be so nice to him at their first meeting?

She not only let him drink a jar of [Drunken Immortal Wine], but also gave him the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra]?

Although Ye Qingyu had always felt that his luck was good, wasn’t this sort of luck too unbelievable?

The Three Great Sword Mantras were known as the pinnacle absolute mantras of the Sword Dao. It was absolutely a martial treasure that could be enough to cause the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain to fight and shed rains of blood for it. Even the current Snow Emperor would not be able to obtain such an item, how could Aunt Han have it in her hands? And for her to give it to him?

Ye Qingyu had many questions in his mind.

Then he attempted to separate a wisp of divine thought to touch the other ball of light.

But as he was approaching the second ball of light, there was a gentle force pushing him away.

“The three major sword techniques complement one another. Little fellow, your present strength is not enough to peek into the mystery of the [Life Sword Mantra]. Don’t be too greedy.”

A familiar voice sounded in Ye Qingyu’s mind.

It was Aunt Han.

Ye Qingyu heard clearly. This voice was the voice of that Aunt Han, he was sure of it.

“Senior? Can you perceive the activity of my sea of knowledge?” Ye Qingyu was startled, hurriedly asked.

“Haha, little fellow, do you think I shouldn’t have peeked at your sea of knowledge? I shouldn’t be peeking at your secret? Are you angry? Haha, there’s no use in being angry. I, this old woman, have read all your memories, there’s no secret anymore.” Aunt Han’s voice was filled with a kind of delight.“To tell you the truth, it is just a wisp of divine thought, it can’t do anything to you, but if you encounter any danger in the future, I can come to your help in time.”

Ye Qingyu did not know whether to laugh or cry.

This was the style of Aunt Han.

From her words, there was no doubt that the second ball of light contained the [Life Sword Mantra] of the three major sword techniques.

“Senior’s generous gift, I am really scared, why is senior so generous to me?” Ye Qingyu was also unsure of his current mood.

“I, this old woman, finds you pleasing to the eye, haha. After so many years, I finally have a pleasing toy... Well, don’t ask, I, this old woman, am going to play the zither now. I have no time for you. First practice your martial arts well, you think you’re already very strong by reaching the Bitter Sea stage in one year, right? I’ll tell you, your cultivation level is still far away, I can kill tens of thousands of you with one finger, not to mention those people... Pleh pleh pleh, almost blurted it out.” ——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 387:


As she finished her words, the voice of Aunt Han utterly disappeared.

Ye Qingyu attempted to make contact several times more, but there was no reply.

"She must have done it deliberately. She left out something at the end, to intentionally invoke my curiosity..."

Ye Qingyu was speechless.

This Aunt Han, really seemed to like playing pranks.

But Ye Qingyu could clearly sense the good will of this Aunt Han.

Without knowing why, in his subconscious, he trusted this white-clothed woman that he had only seen just once very much.

……

……

On the way.

The ship received layer after layer of inspection. After approximately one hour, they left the outer area of the ancestral land. This trip to the Temple of the Imperial family could be said to have temporarily ended.

Ye Qingyu hurried to return to the great building of the military department. Because the promised three days had already passed, the new missions entrusted to the eighteen young experts by the military department should already have been distributed.

It was unknown what sort of news Xing'er heard from the mouths of the golden armoured soldiers, but when she came out from the cabin of the airship, she seemed somewhat down, as if she was grumpy about something. She did not seem to want to speak, and Ye Qingyu, seeing this, did not go and incite this spoiled princess.

Thankfully Xing'er did not forget the matter of sending Ye Qingyu back. The ship turned towards the direction of the military building, taking special care to give Ye Qingyu a lift.

As they watched the military department building appear from far away, the ship found a sentry post nearby to stop at. Ye Qingyu jumped down, and waved towards Xing'er in farewell.

"I'll find you later." The mysterious ship shot towards the sky. In the blink of an eye, it disappeared in the blue sky. At this moment, the impulsiveness of the Imperial family was demonstrated fully. If it was other formation airships flying at such height and speed, it would have instantly been destroyed by the formation cannons on the ground.

"The great building of the military department, I've finally returned!“

There was a familiarness in Ye Qingyu's heart.

Ye Qingyu took quick, fast steps towards the direction of the great building of the military department.

There were many people rushing about to and fro there. As the heart of the military of the empire, there were countless numbers of military orders being sent out everyday. In the tens of provinces of the empire, even a little military order, had the power to affect the lives of several hundred if not thousands of people. It was even a place where it could decide the fate of a well known military noble.

This place was the pride of the people of the empire.

For any soldier of the empire, the great building of the military department was a sacred and authoritative place.

Ye Qingyu jumped up the stairs, his gaze scanning at the people he passed.

His footsteps were hurried because he was rushing to find out what the missions assigned to the eighteen young experts were.

But when he had just finshed ascending the stairs and was about to push and enter, Ye Qingyu frowned. His footsteps stopped.

A figure attracted Ye Qingyu's attention.

It was a normal man. He did not have anything that anyone would pay particular attention to. No matter whether it was appearance or his figure, he was someone that people would not be able to find once he was lost in the crowd. But compared to the people rushing in and out of the great building wearing military uniform, this person was in casual green clothing stood out. His movements were leisurely and unhurried, as if he was strolling the streets. He did not fit in at all with the surrounding environment.

When Ye Qingyu's gaze looked towards the green-clothed man, his gaze also shot towards Ye Qingyu.

"En?"

Ye Qingyu was faintly taken aback.

Because in the gaze of this man, there was a shred of enmity, as well as some sort of mockery and disdain.

Under Ye Qingyu's watch, the right hand of the green-clothed man that had always been hidden by his sleeve, suddenly waved about.

Then he turned and left.

Ye Qingyu's complexion greatly changed.

Because he could clearly see, there was an item like a white belt held in the hands of the green-clothed young man. No matter whether it was material or style, it was something Ye Qingyu was very family with-----This was part of the clothing of one of the eighteen young experts that he had trained with on the fifty-fifth floor of the great building of the military department.

"[Avalanche's] sleeve!"

Ye Qingyu could instantly recognize it.

Because on the sleeve was the special red mark of [Avalanche].

The miltiary uniform of the eighteen young experts were largely similar. But the only minute difference was that it all had their own marking relating to their title. For example, for [Avalanche's] title, his marking was a miniature meteor hammer.

Apart fro this, there was a series of startling characters written with fresh blood on half of the sleeve----

"If you want to save him, then follow me along alone!"

Ye Qingyu's complexion changed. He was about to open his mouth and speak, but the person did not give him the chance. In an instant, he had turned around and left with his head lowered.

"Ever since [Avalanche] accompanied Qiu Fenghan back during the night, he has not returned... could it be..."

There was a misfortunate feeling rising in Ye Qingyu's heart.

With a thought, he followed after the man with gritted teeth.

The footsteps of that person were neither fast or slow. After leaving the courtyard of the building of the military department, he burrowed under a series of little streets between a series of tweets. His footsteps were slow, but his speed was rapid. Evidently his strength was not low. When he turned his head back to look, he let out a sinister smile and continued on. Clearly he was waiting for Ye Qingyu to catch up intentionally.

Ye Qingyu quickly continued after.

Under the lead of this person, the two gradually left the luxurious and bustling streets and passed through a series of interconnected and interweaving alleyways.

Ye Qingyu evaluated this person's strength and whether he should act now.

If [Avalanche] was really in their hands, then he could not strike now. Since they had sent someone to find him, they must have made their preparation. Even if he acted and captured this person, he would not be able to save [Avalanche]. It was best not to disturb the snake in the bushes, but observe and see what will happen.

As he thought about this, Ye Qingyu suppressed the urge to act.

"Xiu, xiu, xiu..."

There seemed to be no limit to the area covered by the capital.

It was not that everywhere there were streets and constructed buildings. Within the Capital, there were many interweaving mountains as well as clustered forests.

After approximately fifteen minutes later, that person finally left an alleyway.

Ye Qingyu took two quick strides forward. After chasing him away from the alleyway, the scenery around quickly changed. The number of buildings became less and less, and the greenery as well as trees became more and more.

Without realizing, Ye Qingyu had already followed this person to near a swathe of towering mountains.

After reaching the wilderness, the speed of this person suddenly became extremely quick. Like an arrow leaving the bow, he stuck to the ground as he covered ground like lightning, heading towards the vast forests on the foot of the mountains.

Ye Qingyu had confidence due to his skills. Furthermore, he had a card up his own sleeve that enabled him to escape as he wished so he was not fearful. Closely following behind the green-clothed man, he did not give any opportunity for the opposing party to shake him off.

Xiu Xiu!

The figure of the two, streaked past the land three or four meers above the ground like arrows. Their speed was quick, and there was the sound of sharp explosive air being pierced. Everywhere their figures passed, the grass would suddenly shorten, as if invisible blades had cut it. Rocks would split apart and wood would turn into powder.

From high up above, it was as if some terrifying power was cutting apart two clear and distinct trails.

After approximately fifteen minutes had passes.

The figure of the green-clothed man suddenly halted.

Ye Qingyu’s figure flew like an eagle, landing on a boulder twenty meters away.

"Where is he?"

Ye Qingyu's gaze was like lightning as he stared at this person. An invisible frosty aura had already began emanating from Ye Qingyu’s body.

"Tut tut tut tut..." There was an icy sinister laughter coming out from the mouth of this green-clothed man. The expression on his face was extremely peculiar, as his figure took one or two step backwards. Then like a bubble, he disappeared, his entire person completely gone from the air.

Ye Qingyu was startled. His figure shot forward like a bolt of lightning instantly, but he was already late by a step.

Suddenly, there was the fierce sounds of crows sounding.

The surrounding scenery should be within a mountain valley. Everywhere around them was clustered forests. And within the forests, there were humongous ancient trees that were about as wide as five people wrapping around it. It shot from the earth towards the sky, shrouding the heavens so much that not a gap could be seen. It gave off an extremely suppressive sensation.

The place they were in right now was a little depression in the valley.

It was different from the surrounding clustered forests. There was not the slightest hint of any greenery, and strange shaped boulders were all around.

Deep within the depression, there seemed to be some derelict old buddhist temples appearing within the darkness. When wind blew past, there would be the painful moaning and creaking of the boards. The walls had fallen over and tiles were scattered over. It was like an old man about to die with half his body in the soil.

There were several strange shaped ancient trees growing in front of the old buddhist temple. It had long withered away. From far away, it seemed like sinister demons trying to crawl out from the midst of hell.

"Wu wu wu...."“

Exactly at this moment, a chill wind blew out from the depths of the depression .It was like the curses of viciosu ghosts roaring at the them. Landing on a person, it could not help but cause the person to shiver all over.

"It's already dark....”

Ye Qingyu lifted his head. Looking at the sky, the sun let out the last shred of sunlight before being swallowed in the dark clouds in the air.

The layers upon layers of dark clouds did not allow any sunlight to past. Suppressing everything in the heavens, it let out a killing aura.

This was the so called dark night with high winds, perfect for killing someone.

Within the depression, Ye Qingyu could clearly sense that strange fluctuation of the qi of heaven and earth. Evidently there was a hidden formation within here. The reason the green-clothed man suddenly disappeared, was not because of the fact that his strength exceeded Ye Qingyu's expectations. It was only that he had long borrowed the formation array hidden here to hide traces of his departure.

It seemed like the opposing party was prepared before they came.

They wanted to use a formation array to surround and kill him?

There was a shred of a smile exposed on Ye Qingyu's lips.

Such a thought, was perhaps too simple.

Suddenly---

"Kacha!"

A bolt of lightning, shot across the skies nearing.

That bolt of lighting brightened the entire land for a brief moment, before it once again returned to the bizarre state of endless darkness gradually

The alarm and caution within Ye Qingyu's heart was fully aroused. His gaze evaluated his surroundings, as he looked around, fully prepared. In a loud voice, "Such a cowardly fellow. To lure me here, but not dare show yourself. Is [Avalanche] in your hands? How is he? If you have guts, then show yourself!"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 388:


His words had suddenly finished.

There was a series of sinister and strange laugher that suddenly sounded in the endless darkness, reverberating all around. It was as if there was a vicious ghost: "Tut tut, [War God], you are already a fish on a chopping board, a turtle in a jar. There's only death waiting for you. And you still have the energy to care about the life and death of others. Why don't you think about your own death instead."

As these words were said, the surrounding yuan qi rapidly changed in the air around, becoming explosive and in turmoil!

It seemed as if the entire valley was acutely shaking, like an earth dragon was turning around. Rocks rumbled everywhere. In the ground beneath Ye Qingyu, it suddenly let out an extremely piercing light. Layer after layer shot out from the earth, into the Heavens!

"Fu fu fu!"“

Within the air, there was a strong gust surging.

Countless light transformed into strands of string that swirled within the ground, spiralling. In the blink of an eye, a tight and clustered pattern had already appeared that caused the yuan qi within Heaven and earth to move. The fluctuation in the air was like a vortex that madly vibrated in all directions, separating the scenery on the outside completely. This terrifying air fluctuation seemed like it was alive, destroying everything. In but a moment's time, it had already formed a great killing formation.

And Ye Qingyu's position was at the most central part of the killing formation.

"En?"

Ye Qingyu's heart faintly moved, but he did not taken any action.

The moment such a sudden change arrived, he was already prepared. If he expended all his efforts, there was the possibility of breaking free. But he was worried about [Avalanche's] safety, so he crisply decided to do nothing in response to the changing situation. He entered by himself into the killing formation, and then was completely sealed by the light within the killing formation.

Ye Qingyu legs stepped through the light barrier, causing a ripple.

Then his figure slowly descended to the ground, his eyes cold as he looked forward.

Following his gaze, there was a dense black mist that surged out from the killing formation and began to spread out, constantly enlarging.

After the black mist spread out, Ye Qingyu frowned slightly.

A series of black figures gradualy appeared. Their shape and figure was gradually drawn out within the black mist, appearing in front of him.

With one look, they seemed completely endless and one had no way of taking them all in their eyes. There were at least several hundred, and was like a terrifying wave in the night sky that could swallow Ye Qingyu at any time!

This group of black figures had black glinting armour fitted on them from top to bottom. There was not even a shred of skin exposed, with a ghost faceplate covering their face. The sinister ghost mark had curved facial features filled with killing intent.

These several hundred black armoured people stood where they were, as unmoving as statues. The sharp swords and blades in their hands would let out bolts of lighting that split across the air, emitting a cold light.

The dense killing intent emitted from their pupils was enough to make one shiver in fear.

"A group of killers? Your strength is decent, but you are just a group of Spirit spring cultivators. You cannot pose the slightest of threat to me." Ye Qingyu let out a cold snort, expressing his emotions. He swung the robe at his back and said in a deep, loud voice, "Just who was it that lured me here. Are you willing to show yourself?"

Within the endless darkness, there was a cold laugh that sounded.

Then a cold and hoarse voice slowly sounded, holding a hint of mockery within, "To want to see me, kekekeke, why don't you survive first..."

As he heard this voice, Ye Qingyu faintly felt that he had heard this voice somewhere before.

"Kill." This word was lightly emitted from the voice in the darkness.

In an instant---

"Boom boom boom!"

Those black armoured figures that were gathered like a black wave, began surging violently at this moment, heading towards Ye Qingyu doing their utmost to kill him. They were like a black flood that could instantly drown anyone.

The shadows of swords and blades berserkly spread throughout the killing formation.

"To want to use your claws and talons to kill me, the difference is too great!"

As the black tide headed towards Ye Qingyu, he let out a roar, no fear on his face. He gathered power where he was, his right fist slowly striking out. In an instant, there was a berserk fist of wind that emerged in the air. Before the fist had even truly struck out, under the might of the [Dragon Fist] mantra, there was the sound of the air breaking apart and being crushed together. There were sounds of explosions inch by inch.

"Che Che Che!"

The sharps swords of tens of armoured people did not even touched a corner of Ye Qingyu's clothes, before they were sent flying by the gust of wind caused by the punch. They spitted out blood and struck against a series of black armoured figures behind them.

But very quickly, there were even more black armoured figures appearing and striking.

These black armoured ghost-faced people did not seem to fear death, or were like machinery that felt no pain. They surrounded Ye Qingyu from all sides, their figures pressing together and creating a bizarre cooperative attacking formation. The power of a hundred people added onto each other, their aura constantly rising, several hundred like one person.

"Fu fu fu!"

The glimmer of the blades that constantly exploded besides Ye Qingyu's ear were extremely piercing.

There was cold disdain on Ye Qingyu's face.

He closely examined the formation of these black armoured figures, then promptly lost interest. The right fist held at his waist, fiercely but slowly pushed forwards. There was the sound of dragon roars in the air, and the fluctuation in the air was like divine dragons soaring past. With a swipe of his arm, it was like there was an avalanche force pressuring forwards.

But he did not yet strike to kill, and only struck with thirty percent power.

"Che Che!"

The formation of those black armoured ghosts instantly collapsed.

There were tens of black armoured ghosts that spat out blood and was like rice paper in the wind. They were sent flying back by the gust of the wind.

But there were even more black armoured ghosts that were not afraid of death that charged forward.

"Kill Kill Kill!"

"Sa Sa Sa!”

Those killing cries were accompanied by the clanking of armour against each other. It was like a song emitting from hell, that encircled around the ears of the surrounding people for a long time.

"This is a bunch of death warriors. They aren't afraid to die at all."

Ye Qingyu made such a judgement.

If he continued showing such mercy to these death warriors, then the person that would be at a disadvantage would be he himself.

Although there was the possibility that [Avalanche] was still in the hands of the enemy, but he was still here. They would definitely not do anything overboard to [Avalanche], they had to preserve his life to threaten him. Therefore, at this time, he had no need to show mercy to this group of death warriors.

As he thought of his, there was a surge of electric light shining in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

He suddenly took half a stride forward, another fist beginning to strike slowly.

The power of ice qi surged out. There were many black armoured ghosts that had not even charged in front yet, before they were frozen into ice crystals, staying where they are. They were like statues, still maintaining the position of charging with their blades held high.

"Hand over [Avalanche], or I'll slaughter all your dogs."

There was cold qi emanating from around Ye Qingyu, with a hint of rage flashing between his brows.

"Keke... you're so concerned over him. Hahaha, if you really wish to know, then I'll grant your wish." The sinister and hoarse voice within the darkness had a hint of mockery in his tone, "[Avalanche] has already gone on his way. Wait a bit, and I'll send you to hell to meet him."

"[Avalanche] has died? Haha, that's impossible! You want to disrupt my mentality. Such a method may be far too childish." Ye Qingyu chuckled, the rage in his heart rising. There was a viciousness glaring out from within his gaze, not showing anymore mercy as he left out a shout.

An extreme cold yuan qi began spreading out in all directions like the tide, accompanied by dragon roar after dragon roar. Every fist striking out was like the wrath of heaven descending. Everywhere, there would be large swathes of black armoured figures being cut down.

"Chi lah chi lah!"

Ye Qingyu's current level of which he exhibited the [Dragon Fist] had already reached a pinnacle master state.

Every fist striking out had limitless power. It was extremely strong. How could it be possible for the black armoured people that were only at the forty five Spirit spring level to contend against this?

As the fist struck out, the sound of breaking bones were unending.

Everywhere the gust of wind caused by the fist passed, the chests of the black armoured figures would sink in, spitting out blood. They would fly back and hit the light screen of the killing formation, causing ripples to be formed. Then their necks would promptly break, losing all life in their bodies. Before the bodies had even fallen to the ground, they had turned into blocks of ice that fell, scattering into blood red ice scraps everywhere.

In the blink of an eye, there were tens of people that were killed by one strike of Ye Qingyu.

It was only that the black tide that surged over to kill Ye Qingyu did not notice this... Those corpses that lay on the ground gathered together and blood began dripping out. There was fresh blood constantly gathering and pooling together, nearly forming a river!

"Fu fu ful…”

Fro the ground, the killing formation formed a sunken pool. Shreds of light that were like greedy locusts or the claws of vicious ghosts began devouring this blood unrestrainedly, constantly replenishing the energy of the formation.

Everytime it ingested some and decayed it a bit more, the tentacles of light would become even brighter. The light barrier also gradually became more and more resplendent.

Ye Qingyu's martial heart was the Asura Killing Martial Path. After he made his decision, he would not show the slightest hint of mercy. Every breath, there would be black armoured figures turning into ghosts.

The difference between cultivators was demonstrated fully at this instant. For a low class martial artist to want to challenge a high class martial artist was an action that was tantamount to seeking death in the majority of instances. The advantage of numbers could not even change this fact a little bit.

"Appear. If you don't appear, all your dogs will be killed." Ye Qingyu calmly stated.

Within the darkness, there was cold laughter resounding throughout.

"Haha, kill as you wish. I have many of such killing tools under my command."

There was a cold brutalness exposed in such words. Evidently, he did not regard these black armoured death warriors as important at all.

Ye Qingyu carefully examined the voice of the opposing party as well as the direction where it originated from.

It was only that the opposing party ued a formation to hide his tracks. In such a short time frame, even Ye Qingyu with his strength had difficulty distinguishing this person's true location.

"Since it is like this, I also want to find out just how many of such killing tools you command." Ye Qingyu shouted, the dragon fist completely exploding.

Boom!Boom!Boom!

There were black armoured ghost face death warriors that constantly charged forwards, not fearing death that constantly exploded.

Ye Qingyu attempted to rip apart the ghost masks on these figures face. But he discovered that these masks were grown into their faces by some sort of brutal and evil technique. If the masks were ripped off, this would be tantamount to ripping off half their face. Those figures that had their masks ripped over were half dead, howling constantly.

"Some sort of evil techniques must have been used to refine them into human dolls. They've already lost all their intelligence and had no difference to the dead. They've lost all their knowledge and judgement, and can only be controlled to kill. A pitiful group. Perhaps, death, for them, will be a release."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

