Chapter 589:


Chapter 607, The Prince airship

In the distant sky, a sudden change that made all creatures surprised had happened.

An enormous mountain-like mass of black colour had suddenly pierced through the layers of clouds.

Filled with the aura of death, the black clouds completely obscured the sky within a radius of thousands of meers, the land below also suddenly became as dark as ink, that not even one’s hand could be seen.

Wu!

Wu!

Wu!

The bugle sounded three times from the layers of black clouds.

This sound was like the violent howl of an ancient beast, instantly breaking up the layers of clouds, quaking the ground, and the ripples of sound waves spread across in all directions.

Waves of demonic qi were rising up and down, like a prehistoric beast was about to descend.

The clouds around were scattered, rumbling and rolling.

Vaguely, one could see a colossal monster, like a giant prehistoric shark cruising in the sky, was hiding between the black clouds and occasionally revealing its tremendous body as it neared with an overwhelmingly imposing manner.

This aura alarmed all the demon beasts within a radius of hundred miles, that they began to hiss and roar. Some of the mutated spiritual birds and beasts uttered a mournful cry, madly dancing across the sky.

The waves of black clouds were receding.

A gigantic black object extended out from the fog.

Where it passed, the void shook as though it was being torn apart into a long-lasting crack.

In the distance.

In the Demon Spider camp.

A number of generals, headed by Tong Wen, as well as all the black armoured elite soldiers all fixed their eyes on the sky, each person’s face revealing a more or less bewildered expression.

“Could it be...” a general unconsciously uttered.

Staring at the unknown object in the sky, Tong Wen’s eyes also flashed a trace of speculation.

He suddenly felt an unstoppable excitement. Were the reinforcements here?

But it was kind of unbelievable.

They had only released the ten sound beasts a few hours ago, how could they arrive so fast?

As they were standing anxiously, the mist receded.

A giant battleship that looked similar to a white-headed and long-legged tarantula came into view.

The huge battleship, like a floating fortress in the void, was so huge that it brought despair, projecting a thousand-meter-long moon shadow across the ground. On the ship were layers upon layers of black iron and gold marking totems. Among the clouds of black demonic qi were golden ripples moving up and down. Eight thousands-of-meters-long black legs braved the coldness, and under the moonlight, the hairs on the legs were clearer and more distinct like a number of steel knives, piercing cold and sharp.

And around the spider-shaped outline were numerous demon crystals, like a number of bright blood-stained stones, emitting an endless flow of energy. In the night sky, these demon crystals and energy were clearly revolving and flowing around the airship.

The spider-shaped ship was neatly stacked with tens of thousands of formation barrels.

These barrels were like deadly weapons that could destroy this world, radiating dazzling lights, and adding to this were mist-like demonic qi surging endlessly within the light.

This was simply a war beast.

The sky and ground shook.

……

In the Demon Spider main tent.

“It’s Refining Blue Airship!

General Ba Ao, who retorted to Tong Wen of being afraid of death, after the initial shock, was the first one to scream out, a look of mad joy making its way across his face.

“Lord Prince’s airship!”

“The Prince is here!”

“Haha! Finally here!”

The other generals also had an abrupt change of expression, all shouted out loudly, eyes surging with joy and excitement.

Tong Wen’s face also lit up in delighted surprise. “Indeed. It is the Prince’s airpship.”

He raised his head, looking at the magnificent and imposing Prince’s airship slowly passing through the Demon Spider camp boundary, stopping over above them. The panic and frightened haze in his eyes before was swept away and his eyes unconsciously surfaced with a look of reverence and excitement.

The Prince.

The Prince’s airship.

Either of these two were enough to make each and every martial artist of the Demon Spider Race ecstatic.

And now, both these two were here.

He could finally relax a little.

The Demon Spider black armoured soldiers, who were resting and waiting on orders, were extremely dispirited because of the defeat at Flowing Light City, and the death of Devouring Heaven Demon General and the pair of black spider twins, but after seeing the Refining Blue Airship, immediately their morale soared.

The soldiers were all spirited, responding with a flurry of cheers.

Even the thousands of demon beasts were also roaring vigorously, eyes lit in a red glow.

Like a sudden beam of light on a long endless night had suddenly expelled the frustration and devastation of defeat in their hearts, lighting new expectations and emotions.

……

On the watchtower of Flowing Light City.

The atmosphere was completely opposite to that among the Demon Spider camp.

“That is...” The beautiful lady innkeeper Heng Yuge of the Immortal God Emperor Sect cried out, a look of shock crossing her face.

On the city walls, the several others present stared at each other.

That colossal object in the distance that was slowly making its way into the boundaries of the Demon Spider camp was not an ordinary object at all. It was emitting a fierce and tyrannical aura that made everyone, one after another, reveal a bewildered expression on their face.

“It's a military ship!” Ling Xiaoran said with a grim look.

“Yes! A military ship of the Demon Spider Race!” Liu Minsheng and Elder Zheng exchanged a look with each other, a glimmer of horror flickering in their eyes.

The tragic scene of the Demon Spider Race invading Flowing Light City a few months ago was still vivid in their minds. The people wailing aguishly, misery, and the horrifying scenes before flashed across their minds. The one who attacked and broke through the formation that had been protecting Flowing Light City for thousands of years was a Prince-level expert and his battleship.

“The flag...” Chen Zhengliang looked at the faintly visible flag in the distance, a glimmer of horror flashed in his eyes.

“It is the Prince’s flag, a Prince of the Demon Spider Race is here with reinforcements...” Chen Zhengliang heavily placed his hand on a broken sloping wall fence with a hint of despair on his face.

He had falsely surrendered and stayed with the Demon Spider Race for a few months, and thus had some understanding of the rankings among the Demon Spider Race’s military.

The formation markings on the flag were a symbol of a Prince of the Demon Spider Race.

“What? The Demon Spider Prince has come in person...” Ling Xiaoran said, despondently, the brush in his hand shrouded in a misty silver halo.

The scarred warriors of Flowing Light City had just gotten a moment of respite, but before they had the time to recuperate, they were going to endure a new round of catastrophe.

“Cough... how can it be so fast…” Elder Zheng's voice trembled, blood overflowed from his mouth, and he seemed to be inadvertently wiping the blood away.

“The Prince of the Demon Spider Race are at least the at level of Immortal Step boundary, and they are the direct bloodline of the Demon Spider. The passed down cultivation skills and techniques of their clan are more pure and astonishing, they are able to completely crush the ordinary Immortal Step experts...” Chen Zhengliang muttered like he was talking in his sleep, then he glanced up and couldn't help letting out a sigh.

“Plus, the terrifyingly powerful airship can instantly destroy the mountains and land... Flowing Light City this time... Is on the brink of crisis... “ Chen Zhengliang sighed.

For a while, looking at the demonic qi soaring into the sky, all eyes showed an unprecedented despair and grave expression.

Originally, they thought that with their current strength, perhaps there was a chance they can gather the strength of all people to defend Flowing Light City, but now that the Demon Spider Prince had appeared, the situation suddenly took an overwhelming change, and everything seemed to have become a hopeless situation...

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui exchanged a glance when they heard what was being said. The two maintained a strange silence.

Today’s situation was more severe than before.

With the slightest carelessness, the hundreds of civilians of Flowing Light City were likely to disappear from Clear River Domain.

Ye Qingyu looked at the airship that had completely entered the Demon Spider camp’s boundaries, his eyed flickering with puzzlement.

The Demon Spider camp had just settled down for a few hours, how could the Prince airship get here so soon?

And just now, when he used his consciousness power to observe the situation, there indeed was the astonishing strength of the Demon Spider clan’s military airship.

Especially on the airship, there were Immortal Step experts.

And not just one, but two...

He looked at the people around him whose faces were twisted with sorrow, and did not immediately tell them the results of his observation.

If he had told them the truth at this moment, they most likely would fall into a panic and might lose their morale.

Given the present situation, it was best to wait and observe. Different situations call for different actions.

……

Inside the main tent of the Demon Spider camp.

There was a strange and momentary silence.

As if the air inside the tent had suddenly become heavy and serious.

Boom!

A prince sitting in the upper seat of the main tent suddenly threw away the cup of tea in his hand.

“Why did you not destroy the city!”

The prince glowered as he questioned sternly, his voice was sonorous and forceful like golden axes colliding.

His face was gloomy, and his piercing cold eyes were like a knife sweeping across the generals who all had their heads down. The uncontrollable anger soaring inside him suddenly made the atmosphere in the tent extremely suffocating.

The prince, dressed in a black, gold-plated armour, had deep and strangely red-brown eyes and thick and fluffy shoulder-length red and brown hair that was bunched up with a spider leg-like hairpin. His skin was a copper bronze colour, and he was tall and burly, two times larger as Tong Wen. Under the armour of his were faintly visible black spider markings that only the prince’s of the Demon Spider Race had.

The markings seemed to be carved beneath the skin and flesh, radiating a black light through the skin.

He had a five-meter-long animal bone blade hanging at his waist. There were blood-red markings across the body of the blade in a strange formation arrangement, emitting a bizarre aura and blood stench.

The young officer was quivering lightly.

Feeling the imposing manner surging in the void and the fury that was pressing down like a mountain, he sensed that the yuan qi inside his body was firmly suppressed, unable to be activated, as though he was imprisoned.

He lowered his head even more, looking down. His manner was respectful, but he did not know what to say.

In the main tent, the generals were orderly lined up before the ruthless prince.

In the face of such pressure, the entire Devouring Heaven army all had an anxious and worried expression, lowered their heads even more, and dared not to make the slightest sound.

Among them, one or two generals, after some struggle, finally summoned up the courage to say something. Their lips moved, hesitated, and still did not say anything in the end.

“Mofeng, don't get so angry,” an indifferent and lazy voice sounded.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 590:


Chapter 608, Kill them all

After the voice sounded, something unexpected followed.

The oppressive feeling in the air vanished all of a sudden.

Young officer Tong Wen felt that his blood was beginning to flow smoothly again.

The generals who lowered their heads and dared not say a word breathed an inward sigh of relief.

On the other side, there was a figure sitting up. He propped up his chin like he was watching something amusing. It was an ordinary-looking, round-faced youngster around twenty years old, with a strange smile on his chubby face, as though he did not take anything seriously.

It was the Demon Spider Prince that Ye Qingyu encountered when he first arrived at Clear River Domain——Mojin.

“I forgot to say to you, it was me that issued the order that Devouring Heaven must not massacre everyone.” The round-faced Prince Mojin gently pinched up the silk cloth on the desk that was stained with ink, slightly narrowed eyes, a piercing sharp light flickering in the depth of his eyes.

The Ruthless Prince Mo Feng’s eyes flashed with rage when he heard what was said, and immediately shifted his sight to the round-faced Prince Mojin.

“What? That was your order? Why! If there was an order to massacre everyone in the city, they would all be dead, and it would not be as troublesome as it is now! Now Flowing Light City has been returned to the Human Race, Devouring Heaven died in battle, and the black spider twins have been turned to ashes. The situation has become such a mess, who is going to take responsibility for this?”

The Ruthless Prince Mofeng’s tone of voice was aggressive.



With this remark, the Demon Spider generals behind the Ruthless Prince Mofeng, as if their inner thoughts were spoken out, their eyes also revealed indignation and dissatisfaction.

The round-faced Prince Mojin indifferently looked back at Mofeng.

His lips moved slightly, as if preparing to say something.

But when he swept his eyes around, noticing the expression on all of their faces, suddenly he could not continue.

A helpless smile with a hint of pity formed across Prince Mojin’s face, as he responded in an indifferent voice. “Well, your question is a good question. Then listen carefully, I will seriously answer it for you——then I will bear the responsibility for making that decision. Just what is the big deal... Hahaha, are you satisfied with this answer?”

After he finished, the round-faced Prince Mojin smugly closed his eyes, crossed one leg over the other, and no longer paid any attention to Ruthless Prince Mofeng and the others.

“You...” Looking at the frivolous look on Prince Mojin’s face, Ruthless Prince Mofeng was about to erupt with anger.

But the next moment, a trace of rationality made him hold back this rage.

Although they were both demon spider prince, but not all the Prince had the same status.

Although Mofeng had more seniority and experience in the Demon Spider Race, and had made a name for himself for longer, his status was inferior to the younger Mojin because of one reason——

Bloodline.

Although the round-faced Prince Mojin was young, the blood flowing through his body was more pure and closer to the ancient ancestors of the Demon Spider Race, with seventy percent of the original blood, while the blood in the Ruthless Prince Mofeng’s body was less than thirty percent of the original blood.

The concentration of the original blood determined the height that the Demon Spider can reach.

A young Demon Spider like the round-faced Prince Mojin, although he lacked experience, but his blood had determined that he would reach a great status from birth.

If this was a few years ago, the Ruthless Prince Mofeng could have used experience, age, and strength to slightly suppress the round-faced Prince Mojin, but in recent years, with Mojin’s rapid growth of strength, his status also rose within the Demon Spider Race.

Especially since Mojin’s older brother——that is the elder brother with the purest blood in history, had sustained a serious injury in the heavenly gate training while battling a blood vine and was eventually killed by a Greater One Sect disciple. As a result, Mojin’s status rose at an even crazy pace.

Now, the Ruthless Prince could not do anything to the round-faced Prince Mojin.

His complexion changed rapidly, and eventually could only grit his teeth. He suppressed his anger, and bitterly said, “Humph, watch. Wait till the matter is over and we return to the clan, let's see how you explain to the patriarch and the elders!”

The round-faced Prince shrugged his shoulders without saying anything else.

The Ruthless Prince was almost exploding in anger.

He suddenly turned around, staring into the distant Flowing Light City, and coldly smiled, “The life of Devouring Heaven and the black spider twins will not be wasted. I must make these damn people pay back thousand of times more!”

When he finished, he swept his eyes over the Demon Spider generals kneeling on the ground, and resolutely shouted, “Come with me to go into battle! Flatten Flowing Light City. Massacre all the people in the city, do not leave any one of them alive!”

The Demon spider Race experts all had an eager expression when they heard these words, a merciless glint in their eyes.

The Ruthless Prince nodded satisfiedly, shooting a smug glance at the calm as Mt. Tai round-faced Prince Mojin. He lightly humphed, flicked his cloak, and left the tent in a fearsome manner.

The rest of the experts, one after another, followed closely behind and left the tent.

The tent suddenly quietened down.

In addition to the round-faced Prince Mojin, only the young officer Tong Wen remained behind.

The atmosphere was a bit quiet and heavy.

Tong Wen's brows were knitted in a worried frown. “Lord-”

Before letting him finish, the round-faced Prince Mojin gently waved his hand, and said with a smile, “I know what you want to say, don't worry, let them go... Yes, the battle in Flowing Light City the day before yesterday, you did very well. The strength of Heaven Devouring camp has been preserved to a large extent.”

Tong Wen’s face was affected with a touch of gratitude, and then he said with a sigh, “Lord’s intention, they do not understand, and yet they dare question Lord’s decision.”

He knew the reason why Mojin issued the command that massacre was not allowed; it was for a far-reaching plan.

A person with a little bit of brain will understand that, to change the current situation of the Demon Spider Rce, it was not possible through only brutal repression and massacre.

Although the Demon Race was born with incomparable power and it was much easier for them to cultivate compared to the Human Race, there were a large number of Demon Races. Adding to this, most of them were inferior demonic beings, and the number of advanced Demon Races that possess intelligence and wisdom were very little. The demon’s ability to reproduce was also extremely low. In contrast, even if the Human Race was innately weak, their intelligence was comparable to the advanced Demon Race, not to mention the Human Races frightening reproductive ability!

If they wanted to expand the Demon Spider Race and get rid of their primitive and savage ways, it would be incredibly difficult with the small number of high level Demon Spider Race.

But if the Human Race could be used, then with such a large race, it would definitely become a huge help!

Although Tong Wen was part of the demon Race, sometimes he could not help but admire the wisdom of the Human Race. Ordinary people could produce delicate and intricate machinery, equipments, and tools. If the wisdom and intelligence of the Human Race can spread to the Demon Spider Race, that would be greatly helpful.

Among the entire Demon Spider Race, the round-faced prince was the first one in hundreds of years to really realize this and also had the ability to change it.

But even for a prince, it will be very difficult to change the Demon Spider Race completely.

Over the years, His Highness, Prince Mojin, had also encountered many obstacles.

He looked at the seemingly frivolous prince in front. Many thoughts were swirling in his mind. He had many things to say, but he could not say anything at this moment.

Round-faced prince Mojin smiled, “Don't worry, my clan wants to get rid of this state, but this cannot be achieved overnight. It needs to be done step by step. In this world, no one can reach the heavens in a single bound.”

When he finished speaking, he gently closed his eyes, rubbed his temple with his left hand, then as though remembered something he asked, “The military seal is in your hand?”

Tong Wen immediately responded, “Yes, the military seal is still with subordinate.”

As he was speaking, his hand flashed, and a palm-sized black spider-shaped formation seal appeared in his hands. The mysterious markings on the seal were emitting a faint ink-colored brilliance.

It was just a palm-sized rune seal, but it represented the supreme will of the demon Spider Race.

With the military seal in hand, the whole Devouring Heaven armymust listen to the command!

Tong Wen, respectfully with both hands, presented the military seal to the round-faced Prince Mojin.

Round-faced Prince Mojin opened his eyes to take a look. This military seal that represented supreme power in others’ eyes seemed worthless to him.

He gently shook his head. “You take it, go out to pass on my order, the army shall not recklessly run into action, stay and wait for order in the camp, must not follow Mofeng into Flowing light city. Those who disobey will be punished according to military laws!”

Tong Wen’s face grew serious. “Subordinate understands!”

Mojin paused for a moment then continued, “Oh, yes, and the Refining blue airship, keep it in a state ready for battle, you must not act rashly! As for the Mo Feng and his men, let them go.”

“Yes!” Tong Wen bowed respectfully before turning away from the tent.

The round-faced Prince Mo Jin watched Tong Wen stepping firmly away in deep thought.

Flowing Light City.

Ye Qingyu, Hu Bugui, innkeeper Ling Xiaoran, Chen Zhengliang and other experts were standing on the city wall, watching the Demon Spider camp in the distance and the Demon Spider Race’s airship landing.

Innkeeper Ling Xiaoran had a serious expression across his face. His head was lowered in deep thought for a long while, and then he suddenly said slowly, “If we can persist for a few more days, for the reinforcements of the Immortal God Emperor Sect to come---- But now the Demon Spider army is at the city walls, watching us like tigers eyeing their prey, most likely.....”

He wanted to say something to boost the morale, but in the end even he realized that there was no point in saying anything.

Chen Zhengliang’s brows were tightly knitted together, fists clenched tight, when he said resolutely, “Whether the reinforcements can come in time or we must survive and not let Flowing Light City fall into the hands of the Demon Spider Race!”

Elder Zheng’s brows were scrunched into a frown, as he said in a heavy voice, “First, divide the people up to set up boundary formations outside the city, and the rest of the people-----”

Suddenly.

A deafening roar sounded from the sky, striking fear into the hearts of everyone.

Everyone looked up to the sky and saw that the changes were happening in the Demon Spider camp’s direction. All of a sudden, thick black demonic qi gushed up like a plume of smoke, rumbling and roaring, and came sweeping over like a monstrous wave in the direction of Flowing Light City.

The sky was like a clean sheet of silk that a pot of ink was suddenly spilled on, there was no glow from the moon or stars.

In the blink of an eye, black demonic clouds had blotted out half the sky.

Above the dense dark mass of demonic clouds, there stood hundreds of fierce demon experts.

A vast pressure spread from the Demon Race experts’ bodies, wrapping around the demon clouds, and a burst of chilling evil spirits neared Flowing Light City!

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 591:


Chapter 609, The first of the three swords that shook Clear River

Fifty miles.

Forty miles.

Thirty miles.

However, in just a few seconds, the Demon Spider Race experts on the demonic clouds above were already twenty-five miles away from Flowing Light City!

This visual impact was as if there was an immemorial demon mountain collapsing in the void, rumbling towards Flowing Light City. The speed was not slow or fast, and was evidently used to create great psychological pressure and deterrence to the people of the city.

On the city walls.

All were aghast at the sight, their complexions rapidly changing.

They were just discussing how the Demon Spider Race would launch a counterattack when the reinforcements come, but they did not think that such a counterattack would come so soon.

What to do?

An unrestrainable feeling of despair pervaded the crowd.

Unconsciously, all eyes fell on Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui.

At such a moment, only these two real top experts possessed the strength to turn the crisis around.

Ye Qingyu drew a deep breath.

Thought after thought rapidly flashed across his mind.

He looked at the rapidly nearing Demon Spider Race experts, then turned his head to exchange a look with Hu Bugui. He suddenly smiled and said, “It seems the Demon Spider Race has not felt the pain of the death of Devouring Heaven and the pair of twins. Old Hu, I’ll leave this place to you, I'll go kill them all.”

Hu Bugui was taken aback for a moment, then realized that Ye Qingyu had uttered these words to boost the morale.

He nodded decisively and burst into laughter, “Fine, go ahead, leave this place to me! By the way, leave a few for me, I also want to vent my anger.”

“Haha, fine, I'll leave one for you to kill.”

Ye Qingyu also burst out laughing.

Before his voice faded.

His body transformed into a stream of flowing light, soaring and lighting up half the night sky, and darting toward the aggressive-looking Demon Spider Race experts in the sky.

On the city walls.

Ling Xiaoran, Chen Zhengliang, and the other people were initially expressionless, then immediately felt a great astonishment.

This... go out like this... was this considered as meeting the enemy head-on?

Meeting the enemy head-on by himself alone?

The few people stared at the bright dazzling figure moving across the sky, and after a few moments of silence, finally had a look of shame on their face.

Just seconds ago, they were trembling with fear as they thought of the enemy's strength. They were the residents of Flowing Light City, the ones who should be defending the dignity and people of Flowing Light City, but they were behaving in such a manner.

What about Tianhang?

He was just an outsider, an outsider who stood up against injustice, but at this moment he still showed incomparable courage and heroic manner. He was going to meet the enemy head-on by himself. Such braveness simply made Chen Zhengliang and the other people feel ashamed.

Watching Ye Qingyu’s rear figure disappear into the distance, they finally summoned up the courage.

“I'm going to help Senior Tianhang!” Chen Zhengliang clenched his teeth.

Hu Bugui lifted up his hand to stop him. “Let's watch first and not be reckless.”

The next moment.

In the distant sky, the Demon Spider Race’s surging momentum finally stopped.

When Chen Zhengliang saw that they were headed by the Ruthless Prince Mofeng, the expression on his face abruptly changed again, screaming out in shock, “That armour is the style of a Demon Spider Prince, that man is a Prince of the Demon Spider Race!”

Che~

The crowd gasped with shock.

“Prince!”

“Even a prince is here...”

“Senior Tianhang must be careful!”

The experts on the city walls all knitted their brows in a worried frown. The Prince of the Demon Spider Race was unlike other Immortal Step experts, each prince possessed the power of the blood of the Demon Spider Race. Their strength was extraordinary!

In Flowing Light City.

Tens of thousands of civilians also saw the scene in the distant sky.

Looking at the Demon Spider Race experts on the distant rolling demonic clouds, they recalled everything that happened in Flowing Light City in the past. Everyone was incomparably terrified. The power of the mighty armoured Prince made them tremble even from a distance of twenty-five miles away.

The atmosphere in the city was stifling, and the air seemed to have solidified.

Uneasiness spread among the crowd, and the whole city fell silent.

The crowd gathered together to watch the demon experts on the demonic clouds. Many people’s eyes displayed a look of despair.

They had witnessed too many battles. There was nothing they could do in a battle between experts and they dared not to think of what would happen if the Human Race were defeated again.

“Perhaps expert Tianhang can once again defeat the Demon Spider Race and save Flowing Light City!”

A weak voice sounded from the crowd.

The next moment, everyone’s eyes seemed to have lit up with the light of hope.

Countless fiery glances were casted to the figure that resolutely stood opposite the Ruthless Prince.

That chubby figure who had already saved Flowing Light City once before.

And this time, in the face of a more powerful enemy, can he once again turn things around?

Countless sincere gazes were projected onto the chubby figure in the sky.

On the city walls.

Ling Xiaoran and other people also heard the discussion among the crowd, looking at the rear figure of Ye Qingyu, they also felt a warmth in their hearts.

Their strength was negligible. They would not have the slightest strength to fight back against a Prince of the Demon Spider Race. This youngster called Tianhang was their last hope!

……

In the void.

Ye Qingyu was standing by himself.

Around him the clouds were scudding across the sky, seemingly about to wrap him within. His appearance, although slightly chubby, but there was an indescribable elegance and agileness.

Opposite him, the Ruthless Prince Mofeng and the hundreds of demon Spider Race experts behind all looked at this unaccompanied lonely person with a very surprise and strange gaze.

As if his solitary action was as foolish as a moth flying into a flame.

Ye Qingyu, looking at the black clouds engulfing in the sky, remained as calm and motionless as a mountain, but there was a very tyrannical aura surging around him. His entire body was covered with faint ice crystals, like an ice storm was brewing, and there was not the slightest fear across his face.

For a while.

As the two sides stood opposite, on both sides of the night sky, there were entirely different currents of qi clashing.

One side was like a threatening monstrous wave, the other a halo of shining stars.

The oppressive atmosphere of the widely different strengths made all of the people on the city walls tense up, their hearts twisting and squeezing like a towel.

In any moment, the figure in midair could be engulfed by the destructive power.

If even this figure collapsed, the Demon Spider Race would splatter blood across Flowing Light City. This would all happen in the blink of the eye.

Can one man hold out against ten thousand?

No one could such make a judgment, or perhaps, no one wanted to make a judgment...

In the distance.

Amongst the Demon Spider Race.

“Your Highness, that's him!” One of the Demon Spider generals that retreated from Flowing Light City before stepped forward and bowed respectfully. He glanced at the opposite figure, his eyes flashing hostility and resentment. “Earlier today, it was this fatty who first defeated Devouring Heaven Demon General, then killed the black spider twins!”

“Oh?” The Ruthless Prince Mofeng slightly taken aback, then casually played around with a black thumb-sized ball of light.

Inside the ball were wisps of solidified demon qi, and shrouded by demonic qi was a small dull black spider.

The dark pupil of the spider and the black spider twins were identical.

Mofeng’s line of sight was fixed on that chubby body opposite, studying the ugly and very ordinary fat man carefully from head to toe.

While looking, his eyes flashed a hint of suspicion.

Since he was able to destroy the consciousness and body of the black spider twins who possessed cultivation strength of the Immortal Step boundary, then he must be a top Immortal Step expert.

Amongst the Human Race of Clear River Domain, only a few possessed such strength.

But the lowly human in front who he had never heard of only looked like a top Heaven Ascension expert. From his appearance, he did not seem to be able to kill the black spider twins?

In fact, on the way to Flowing Light City, he had thought about the people in Clear River Domain that could kill the black spider twins, but he did not expect him to be a nobody.

What kind of secret skills or techniques did he rely on?

Or was the pair of twins injured through some sort of despicable method and died?

For a moment, a lot of doubts and ideas flashed across the mind of the Ruthless Prince.

The atmosphere of confrontation between the two sides suddenly became extremely quiet and strange.

“Who are you?” The Ruthless Prince Mofeng shot a glance at him and finally spoke.

His voice was similar to that of a ghost, but with endless power and pressure.

After a strange silence.

The chubby figure inside the halo of light suddenly raised his head and smiled, “Me? I’m just an ordinary human.”

Mofeng felt the cold and indifferent tone of voice, and an indescribable anger gushed up inside him

“Haha, human. You want to deceive me? How can an ordinary human kill the black spider twins! Who are you!” His strange voice was tinged with inward anger, like the agitation before the eruption of a volcano.

“Oh? You overestimated those two little spiders. There are many people that can kill them,” Ye Qingyu said in a disinterested tone, like he said something that had nothing to do with him.

For a moment, the Ruthless Prince Mofeng could not see through the strength of the nobody in front of him.

Feeling uncertain, he held back the thought of personally fighting.

“Who's going to kill him for me.” Mofeng coldly smiled.

The Demon Spider experts behind all responded differently.

Those who had experienced the battle in Flowing Light City earlier and saw the frightening and unbelievable strength of the chubby man all felt a chill inside. They lowered their heads right away and dared not respond.

They had witnessed how this strange human killed the black spider twins. They naturally knew that they were no match for him.

“Let Luo Xie go sever his head to make a stool for Prince.” An expert came out of the mass of demonic qi.

His physique was around the same size as ordinary people. Standing behind Mofeng, his entire body was almost covered up. His arms were longer than his legs and seemed somewhat strange. He had a fierce look on his face, with long sword-like brows extending to the temple, and at the tip of his brows were two moving totem markings, like two dancing funnel web spiders.

This expert was on the airship with Ruthless Prince Mofeng before.

His understanding of the human in front of him was limited to that he seemed to be a Heaven Ascension expert. He did not know how or what sort of method he used to kill the pair of twins.

“Good, General Luo deserves to be a heroic general of my Demon Spider Race.” Prince Mofeng nodded in satisfaction.

This Luo Xie was indeed a pretty good candidate, he was enough to test the strength of that human.

Swoosh.

A stream of light flashed.

Luo Xie arrived opposite Ye Qingyu.

His eyes were frivolously glancing up and down Ye Qingyu who stood opposite with hands clasped behind his back.

“Human, ants like you are unaware when death is near. You are still futilely trying to save Flowing Light City?” The corner of Luo Xie's mouth was curved upwards in a disdainful smile. “But your skin and flesh are only suitable as snacks for the demon beasts in my battalion.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 592:


Chapter 610, The First of the Three Swords that Shook Clear River (2)

Ye Qingyu gently closed his eyes, a calm look on his face, seemingly paying no attention to the Immortal Step expert before him. He responded in a disdainful voice. “Same to you... you talk so much nonsense, if you want to die then fight.”

“Keke, good, in a while you will become a pile of rotten meat.” Luo Xie laughed sinisterly.

Before his voice died away.

“Absolute double blade... Come out now!”

He roared violently, making a grabbing motion in the air, and the blade that was hung at his waist was automatically unsheathed.

He held a slender, curved long blade in both his hands.

The hilt of the sword was formed by two separate spider bodies, and the body of the blade was slender and strange like the texture of a spider leg. At the mouth of the blade was a palm-sized curved hook, and the tip was red, as though it was dyed red from so much blood.

This pair of curved blades was definitely not ordinary.

With the blades tight in his hands, Luo Xie exuded raging demon flames, like the god of death. He no longer said anything as swung both blades down at the same time, sending two incomparably sharp sword qi striking down from the void.

An imposingly vast and extremely frightening power loomed over the city gate tower in an instant.

Invisible demonic qi whizzed and surged, as if in the void hid tens of thousands of ancient demon beasts that were hissing and roaring.

The dark void was suddenly lit by the weapon in Luo Xie’s hands, with violent bursts of energy exploding above Ye Qingyu.

“To even dare to kill a Demon Spider general. Today, I will wash Flowing Light City with blood, starting with you!” Luo Xie’s eyes glowed red, killing intent gushing skywards, and the clouds within four thousand meters were tumbling and responding with a mournful quiver.

Opposite.

Ye Qingyu still stood motionless.

Until the evil blade light neared his body. At that critical time his closed eyes suddenly shot wide open. He stretched his hand out into the air, and the air began rippling gently.

A large, plank-like sword appeared in his hands.

The sword body was tremendous, the sword hilt was half a meter long, and the huge sword blade was about two meters in length, and half a meter wide. The blade edge was about two fingers wide, the thickest part of the sword back was wider than five fingers. The dark red sword blade had a slight rough texture, just like there were small gravel or grit-like particles.

Upon a careful inspection, on the sword body were winding and spiraling purple-red line markings, becoming clearer on the vein lines of the sword body, like a sleeping sky dragon was anxious to wake up. The colour penetrated into the depths of the sword material, and was faintly translucent.

[Blood Drinker Sword]!

The unfinished blood-drinking sword.

Ye Qingyu finally used the sword that he had been refining for almost a year.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] of thousands of kilograms was like a door plank. Held in the hands of Ye Qingyu, the visual impact was very strong, but the weight was perfect, just like it was made by the heavens.

“Today... you can drink blood!”

Ye Qingyu’s aura, like a divine weapon was unsheathed, became incomparably sharp. As he waved the giant sword about in the air, bursts of red light were scattering about.

Swoosh!

The dark red sword was drawn across the air.

A dazzling solid-like beam of light, like a comet tail, instantly blinded everyone’s eyes. The weaker Demon Spider Race experts suddenly felt their eyes burning, as if they had been stabbed with a needle.

The sword light tilted in the void and then disappeared at the end of the horizon.

Then everything fell quiet.

Everything went still.

What was going on?

As if time and space had suddenly gone strangely still.

The two sides almost could not see clearly the shape of the dazzling white light of sword qi that flashed across.

In the void.

A gap that seemed like a cut left behind when a piece of cloth was pierced remained, where mist-like qi were bubbling up like boiling water.

The blade light and blade intention of the Absolute double blade, was hacked into two halves and strangely remained still in the air like a cloth was torn into two parts.

And the sluggish Luo Xie was frozen in the position of when he was soaring into the air.

Cha!

After a strange stillness.

Luo Xie’s body suddenly split open from the left cheek to the right, and blood came gushing out of the neat incision.

Bang!

The Absolute double blade produced a loud shrill noise.

Broken into countless fragments, and immediately struck and scattered by the sword qi, it finally vanished without a trace.

The severed body suddenly exploded in the void, thousands of blood and flesh swirling in the air like a sudden shower of rain.

An ordinary looking human had killed Immoral Step expert Luo Xie and completely destroyed his bones and flesh.

Silence.

A very strange silence.

After the sword qi swept across the sky, the two opposing sides up in the air after the initial shock, were standing in silence.

It was as if time and space had stopped, and time no longer flowed.

On the city walls.

The dazzling slash just now...

Standing in front, Chen Zhengliang and Hu Bugui’s mouths were gaped open wide, and their faces were crossed with astonishment.

The two of them, as experienced and knowledgeable experts of Clear River Domain, at this time, were also extremely stunned by the sight. An inexplicable power was roaring endlessly in their dantian region.

The innkeeper and his wife, Elder Zheng, and Scar-faced Jin also stared in frozen astonishment at the dazzling light.

This confrontation, they had expected many possibilities.

Even if they believed in the strength of Tianhang, believed that he will overcome that Demon Spider Race expert, but they had never thought that the way of victory would be so simple, so crude, and so direct.

And it was just a slash of his sword.

The power erupted at that moment was not what any of the people present could endure.

Ling Xiaoran and Heng Yuge looked at each other, their eyes seemingly flickering with a hopeful jade-like light.

Perhaps this senior Tianhang still had not revealed his real strength?

Maybe he really was the human saint who could save Flowing Light City?

……

In the distance.

Among the Demon Spider Race experts.

That white light...

Mofeng’s mouth was wide open, his facial features were stiff, and his mind was in extreme shock. His eyes, as if they had been frozen by the scene before him; the flash of white light was still flashing in his eyes.

He stood at the forefront of the Demon Spider experts, bearing the brunt of the tyrannical sacred-mountain-like sword qi.

The remnants from the sudden eruption of consciousness power and yuan qi were still surging. In order to withstand the gush of sword qi before, he had activated all of his cultivation and energy to counterattack according to his martial artist’s instinct.

What was that power?

The person opposite, was he not only of the Heaven Ascension boundary stage?

The plank-like weapon in his hand, what was that?

The hundreds of Demon Spider experts behind Mofeng all wore terrified looks on their faces.

That blast of undefendable sword qi, if all of the experts present had not gathered their strength to form a wall of yuan qi, they most likely would have failed to withstand by it by themselves.

The night wind whistled.

The sky and earth was dreary and solemn.

A strange atmosphere pervaded between the heavens and the earth.

Opposite.

Ye Qingyu stood high up in the sky, his robes fluttering in the wind.

In his hands, threatening killing intent was rushing forth from the [Blood Drinker Sword], its imposing manner was like an awakened beast, quivering and roaring.

Lightly flicking the sword body, Ye Qingyu revealed a satisfied expression on his face.

It was the first time he used the [Blood Drinker Sword].

The power of the sword had exceeded his expectations.

That sword light just now was because one of the three great sword techniques was activated to its peak, but even more because his strength had greatly improved these days. It also had a huge connection to the increase in power of the [Blood Drinker Sword].

The sword, which he had made himself, was held in his hand, like a part of his body. He was able to control it at will like it was one of his arms.

Ye Qingyu looked at the rain of blood after Luo Xie’s death, suddenly activated yuan qi, and triggered [Blood Drinker Sword’s] most mysterious and hidden blood vine rune. As he swung out his sword, the yuan qi on the [Blood Drinker Sword] began moving like a living creature, and a powerful strange energy automatically gushed from the sword.

The next moment, a strange thing occurred.

In the sky, the shower of blood that was swirling like flowers turned into a red light and sped towards [Blood Drinker Sword] like a fledgling swallow returning to its nest. This red light bloomed like a red spider lily in the sky, its red petals glowing with a breathtaking beauty.

The simple and unadorned [Blood Drinker Sword] was like the flower base of this beautiful red flower, drawing the flower towards it. As if time had gone back, the petals of the enchanting red spider lily curled up toward [Blood Drinker Sword].

But in the blink of an eye, that beautiful flower was gone, and everything had become the faint red halo of light around Ye Qingyu’s sword.

The blood that filled the sky was absorbed by the [Blood Drinker Sword]!

Before, the dark red sword body was filled with a faint red light and a strange force was surging within the [Blood Drinker Sword].

But now, the dark purple-red lines on the sword gradually became clear and bright. The broadsword body, as though it had been injected with a fiery red lava that flowed along the strange markings of the sword body, mysterious formation markings. One after another, the markings were ignited by this fiery stream of liquid, glowing with a blood-red brilliance.

As the fiery red colour gradually spread across the sword, the essence of the energy of the Demon Race experts were being absorbed by the [Blood Drinker Sword].

After absorbing the Demon Spider Race experts’ essence and blood, the markings on the not yet fully formed sword body seemed a lot more condensed than before, and those mysterious formation marks also seemed to be more flowing and full.

A gush of pure energy was transferred from the hilt of the [Blood Drinker Sword] into Ye Qingyu’s body.

His limbs and bones felt as if a refreshed and relaxed stream of sprit spring water had flown through.

The yuan qi that Ye Qingyu had consumed just now to kill the Demon Spider Race expert was instantly replenished. This kind of refreshing feeling was something that only he knew.

Opposite.

The Ruthless Prince Mofeng stared at the scarlet red sword in Ye Qingyu’s hand, his complexion slightly changing.

Just now, the chubby man had only administered one sword strike, and that move was able to kill a Demon Spider Race expert of the Heaven Ascension boundary. But this was not the reason for his astonishment.

He was shocked because as a Prince of the Immortal Step boundary, throughout the whole process, he still could not exactly determine this person’s cultivation!

Luo Xie’s death was wasted.

His death did not serve the purpose of allowing him to test the opponents strength. His death had no value whatsoever.

Even more bizarre was that the huge sword in his hand unexpectedly could absorb the Demon Race’s essence blood!

The Demon Race’s essence blood was inherently a corrosive and toxic substance. When the Human Race fought against the Demon Race, their weapons were most likely some high-level divine weapons, but in the end were usually corroded by the demon blood. It lost its spiritual nature and become scrap metals.

And this strange giant sword not only did not corrode, but absorbed the Demon Race’s blood for its own use!

Who the hell was this fat man?

The Ruthless Prince was both frightened and furious.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

