Chapter 941:


Chapter 958, The terrifying fleet



Ye Qingyu was soaked in cold sweat as a result of his own thoughts.

If this really was the case, then the Immortal God Emperor Sect would certainly be stuck in the vortex of the great fight. No matter what kind of foundation and hidden cards they had, it would be incredibly difficult for them to escape the disaster. In this world, there may be forces that could counter a Quasi-emperor, but there had never been a force that could fight against several Quasi-emperors at the same time.

Looking at Nan Tieyi, Ye Qingyu for a moment did not know how to let him know of the matter.

After all, it was just his own speculation. What if he had guessed it wrong?

And even if he said it out loud, it wouldn't be very persuasive. Nan Tieyi might believe him because of their friendship, but the higher-ups of the Immortal God Emperor Sect would not care too much. Just because of his speculation, the Immortal God Emperor Sect had to abandon the mountain gate that had been established for generations. Even Ye Qingyu also thought it was a bit absurd when he thought about it. It would be countless times more difficult than persuading the Hundred Spirits Sect to give up the Hundred Flowers Valley and come to Flowing Light City. In the end, Ye Qingyu gave up trying to persuade them.

While he was pondering deeply, Master Cheng of the Hundred Spirits Sect also arrived.

Ye Qingyu set up a prohibition formation in the room, cutting off all possible spying.

“Everyone, there is a very important matter...” Ye Qingyu composed his emotions and informed them of the matter of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. Of course, he did not mention the million-year-old soul and only told them that he found this secret after he defeated the black-armoured soldiers on Greater One Mountain Range.

“Is there such a thing?”

Nan Tieyi, Hu Bugui and Master Cheng all looked at each other in shocked disbelief.

They had never heard of the Chaos Demon Emperor before, and of course had never heard about the matter of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. However, all three people understood Ye Qingyu really well, and seeing that Ye Qingyu had notified them of this matter so solemnly, they knew well that he was obviously not joking. Thus they all chose to believe him.

“No wonder... The Immortal God Emperor Sect has also sent people to investigate the Greater One Mountain Range, but were blocked by the killing formation in the Void. Many elites had been dispatched but there was still no harvest. It was incredibly strange. The Greater One Sect was also very strange, as though they had given up the Greater One mountain gate. But I didn’t think that there would be such an earthshaking secret in the Greater One Mountain Range,” Nan Tieyi said with a thoughtful look on his face.

“Hahaha, Emperor opportunity? This is earthshaking news. I feel that our Clear River Domain would become more and more lively.” Hu Bugui was somewhat excited.

The best thing for a bandit leader like him was taking advantage of a crisis for personal gain. The messier the situation, the better it was for him, and most importantly, once the real forces got involved, the Greater One Sect would most likely be out of their luck.

“But if it is true that the Quasi-emperors would be in competition against one another, then it would definitely be a disaster. If Clear River Domain is destroyed, there would be countless casualties and deaths...” Master Cheng looked deeply worried.

She knew that her Hundred Spirits Sect had no ability to participate in it, and if she forced it, it would only lead to destruction. Therefore she was not in the slightest tempted, but she could not let go of the inheritance of the Hundred Spirits Sect, as well as the great mountains and rivers of the domain. Once Clear River Domain was destroyed, even if there might be living beings that would survive, they would be like rootless duckweed, become refugees, and their life would be as tragic as a slave.

For a moment, she felt somewhat sad.

“Since everything is fated, then there is no need worry, it is no use. It would be better to think of a way on how to solve the problem. Once the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor descends, there would be chaos across Clear River Domain. There is little time until then. Our strength is limited, and we can only do some things that are within our powers. How many people could we save? First, we will have to spread the news out, and let the world know. They can choose whether to believe it or not. This matter, I will have to trouble to Master Cheng and brother Nan Tieyi. The Hundred Spirits Sect had been established for many years in Clear River Domain and could be said to have many friends, while the Immortal God Emperor Sect is well-respected. Just spread the word, and as to exactly how the forces of all sides choose, that's their business,” Ye Qingyu said with a resolute expression.

Since everything was destined to happen, there was no value in keeping the news a secret.

By spreading the word out, at least the living beings of Clear River Domain could make some preparation.

“Well, I'll do my best.” Master Cheng nodded.

She was still able to do this sort of thing.

Nan Tieyi also promised.

Ye Qingyu breathed a sigh of relief.

This was only what they could do now and the rest will be left to the heaven's will.

As for the fate of Clear River Domain, there was nothing Ye Qingyu could do about it.

After a pause, Ye Qingyu added, “In three days, I need to return to Greater One Mountain Range to see an elder. This time I also want to participate in the event of the Chaos Demon Emperor Reincarnation Hall.” Ye Qingyu then said after a brief thought, “I also have a suggestion, the refugees in Flowing Light City and everywhere else can be moved into Heaven Wasteland Domain.”

A few days ago, the idea of transferring refugees into Heaven Wasteland Domain seemed like the wildest thought, and even though Ye Qingyu was the Third Deputy Envoy of the Human Race he still lacked such power. But times had changed. Ye Qingyu now had no burden and hesitation.

“I'm afraid that a lot of people will not want to leave their home. This really must be left to fate.” Nan Tieyi sighed.

“Haha, this time, you can take me, Old Hu.” Hu Bugui seemed very excited to volunteer to go with Ye Qingyu. He was a bandit who really liked challenges and thrills.

“Of course you can,” Ye Qingyu answered.

Hu Bugui had a mysterious tile on him that was covered in Emperor qi. It was almost bizarre. It would be a huge help if he were to go.

“Haha, great, Little Nan, what about you?” Hu Bugui turned to Nan Tieyi.

Little Nan?

Ye Qingyu almost spurted out.

Only Hu Bugui the bandit leader dared to call Nan Tieyi by that name.

“Yes, I don't know what brother Nan Tieyi's plan is?”

Nan Tieyi's looked tempted, gaze flickering between Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui.

Ye Qingyu smiled. He immediately understood what he was thinking and knew what he was worried about. “Then it's decided, in three days, we will set out together.”

Nan Tieyi clenched his teeth, somewhat emotional, “Alright.”

Of course, he wanted to go, but he also could tell that Ye Qingyu knew more information than what he told them. Nan Tieyi, who was observant and meticulous and not simple like Hu Bugui, certainly had a lot more to consider. Even if such an opportunity were in front of him, if he were to say that he wanted to follow Ye Qingyu then it would seem like he wanted to share parts of the profit. Even if they were good friends, he still felt somewhat embarrassed. Based on strength and cultivation level, he was much inferior to Ye Qingyu now, thus if they were to go together, Ye Qingyu may have to look after and protect him. It would seem as though he was taking advantage of him.

But Ye Qingyu's direct statement made him dispel that concern.

The trio deliberated and soon figured out some steps.

……

The sky was clear and distant.

In the clear blue sky there were all of a sudden waves of black clouds like smoke. The heavens and earth were still and silent, only the sound of the wind sweeping the clouds could be heard.

At this very moment, thousands of formation battleships were sailing at the speed of light above the cloud layers which were tens of thousands of meters high.

These formation battleships were large as mountains, casting suffocating shadows, lurking above the waterfall-like rolling clouds, like bloodthirsty devils were hiding in a dark prison. They were orderly and uniform, advancing forward simultaneously like a group of sharks navigating through the deep sea, giving off a terrifying and fierce imposing manner. The killing intent exuding from the light screen around the airships were piercing cold and frightening.

It was a terrifying fleet hidden from the sight of all.

All of the battleships were traveling west, in the direction of the Wei River Mountain Range.

At the front of the thousands of battleships was a top flagship that looked many times larger than the other giant battleships, as if it was a prehistoric giant shark in the midst of a tsunami. It was slowly poking out of the black, ink-like current of qi, and its incomparably lofty outline was hidden in the rolling dark clouds.

This flagship was not only exceptionally large and contained ancient and majestic imposing manner, its body was also red-black and made from very rare and incomparably tough blood-flame Immortal crystals.

This kind of blood flame Immortal crystal was rumoured to only exist in the Immortal world. It was a kind of crystal stone created under the spiritual aura of the Heaven and earth that had accumulated over time. Besides its incomparable lightness and that it was very tough, the stone contained the energy of the Heaven and earth and could be converted into power for the battleship.

Such a flagship was incredibly valuable. Even many sects in the world could not afford one.

There was a layer of intense black-ink formation flames completely shrouding the surface of the ship. The dense formation markings were flashing red and black, full of an ancient demonic aura. The head and tail of the formation markings were linked, forming a huge light screen that enveloped the entire airship. In addition, the layers of blood red light penetrating out from the body of the ship, as well as the terrifying and mysterious energy and aura flowing and spreading out from i,t created an unprecedented sense of repression and evil.

On the deck of the ship.

There were dozens of experts, all shrouded in black mist, gazing ahead.

They were headed by a tall black figure.

The figure was tall and burly, and vaguely one could make out that it was a young man in a dark ancient armour, like a thick layer of ink was glued to his body. Even light was distorted as it neared the black armour. His entire body was surging with an extremely strange black fiendish qi, which had almost condensed into a solid substance, constantly shredding and tearing the Void. It looked extremely terrifying.

Behind him was a line of eight experts all dressed in a black robe, standing still in place, waiting for the young expert's order. Their attitude seemed submissive and respectful, and they looked like they were very afraid of the young expert in front of them.

Standing behind the young man on the left hand side was a slender old man.

The old man had long silver brows and silvery white hair, which was bunched up by a sheep-fat white jade hairpin, fluttering in the wind. His gold-lined, crane pattern black robe was billowing in the wind, like a living thing. But the most bizarre thing was that his pupils looked like two pieces of ebony were embedded in his deep sunken eyes. They had no spirit or life, and instead was exuding an eerie chill.

If Ye Qingyu was present, he absolutely would recognize that this person was the head of the eighth peak of Greater One Sect, Greater One Spiritual Master Feng Wuhen——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 942:


Chapter 959, Let him come to die



On both sides of him, there were the other seven headmasters of the seven main peaks.



Among them, there were four headmasters clad in a black robe, with a solemn look on their face. They were each wielding a horsetail whisk that was fluttering in the breeze, their black robe rattling in the wind. They were the senior and junior brothers of Feng Wuhen who were seriously wounded in the battle on the Storm Platform back then and in the end used the mountain gate secret method to escape.

And the headmasters of the Great Hua Peak, He Guye, and the Snow Lotus Peak, Liu Xuezong, who were both killed on the Storm Platform by Liu Shaji, were now succeeded by a new generation of disciples. Although the two new headmasters seemed to be only forty or fifty years old, they possessed terrifyingly strong yuan qi and their strength had obviously reached the Saint realm. However, what was bizarre was that they were all enveloped in faint black qi, which seemed to be living, slowly overflowing from their limbs and organs, and again penetrated into their body.

As for the Clear Lotus Peak, which had only recruited female disciples, their headmaster was killed back then when the Demon Spider Race invaded. The position of headmaster was succeeded by the sixth generation disciple He Huimin.

Three or four years had past, and the beautiful and elegant female disciple was already steady and calm. She was dressed in a dark purple pattern dress that swayed with the wind, and a black jade flower hairpin diagonally inserted in her hair that was bunched up in a bun. Her eyes were as deep as an ancient well, without the slightest ripple or trace of light, and on her forehead there was a very strange black mark, emitting biting cold fiendish qi, which wrapped around her.

From the surging yuan qi and aura that they all exuded, it appeared that the Greater One Spiritual Master Feng Wuhen and the headmasters of the other seven main peaks had been aided by external forces over the past few years, and their strength had clearly soared to a whole new level.

Moreover, it was very different from the celestial aura that the people of the previous Greater One Sect radiated. At this moment the aura of the headmasters were mixed with an extremely bizarre dark force. Although they had the outer appearance of a human, from their aura and qi they did not seem like pure human beings.

The giant ship traveled silently.

It was a powerful fleet that could destroy any forces in Clear River Domain.

It was a group of people who could destroy any force in Clear River Domain.

The speed at which the battleship advanced was incredibly fast.

It sped across hundreds of kilometers in the blink of the eye.

Without anybody outside noticing.

Suddenly, a strange bugle rang on the battleship.

It was an alert.

Then a chief of staff came out of the commander cabin at the rear with a strange and shocked expression on his face, trotting across the deck, hesitated for a moment, and finally went over to whisper something in the ear of Greater One Spiritual  Master Feng Wuhen.

Feng Wuhen trembled all over upon hearing this.

It was obvious that the message he received was a huge shock to him.

After a little ponder, Greater One spiritual master quickly flashed a fierce colour in his eyes, and then walked over to the young man shrouded in black dense fog. He slightly leaned over, and extremely respectfully reported, “Reporting to Special Envoy, I just received the message from the north, we have lost Flowing Light City and Miao Wuhen has died.”

“Oh.” The young expert made a slight response, and didn't say anything else.

The tone of the voice was flat, there was no anger, no sorrow, and it could even be said that there was no emotion mixed with it. It was very easy to tell exactly what kind of reaction he had at the moment.

But the other headmasters were extremely surprised when they heard the news.

“How is that possible?! After the transformation, Miao Wuhen’s strength is comparable to a Saint expert. Moreover, there was a team of heavenly black armour to assist him as well as the [Great Array of Heavenly Punishment], which could kill Saint realm experts. With that sort of strength he should be invincible in Clear River Domain. What force could kill him in such a short period of time and besieged the city?” The new headmaster of the Greater Hua Peak, Huo Yunsheng, looked puzzled. In the end couldn't help but exclaim out loud.

His long silver hair was mixed with flaming red strands, and a fire glass hairpin was fixed on the top of the head. He was dressed in a black robe with fire clouds curling around him, and there were wisps of evil dark qi affixed to his robe, making him appear like a demon.

“Could it be the Lord of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect?” The Patriarch of the Bright Moon Peak, Xue Linghai, couldn't help speculating.

His pupils were similarly like ebony, and wisps of black qi were constantly coiling between his arms and feet like thousands tentacles, making his movements look very unnatural and more like that of a puppet.

This speculation also attracted the agreement of several other headmasters.

Ever since the master and disciple of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect fought against the Demon Spider Race at the battle of the Storm Platform, they had disappeared without a trace. In these three years, nobody in the entire Clear River Domain could grasp the whereabouts of the master and disciple. As a result of the speculations among the major sects and forces, rumours began to spread. Some said that the Demon Spider Race had captured them, some said that they took the opportunity to flee to the outer world, and others said they had returned to the real core mountain gate of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.

But even the Greater One Sect, which now controlled the entire Clear River Domain, also did not have much accurate information regarding their whereabouts.

But, according to the information that they knew, the only person in the entire Clear River Domain who could have the strength to win against Miao Wuhen there was only the Master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect, Baili Chengfeng.

But Greater One spiritual master was standing there shaking his head.

“It is not the Lord of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.” The Greater One spiritual master wore a grave expression, and in his tone of voice there was an undisguised hatred, “The one who captured the Flowing Light City and killed Miao Wuhen is someone you all know. It is the enemy of the Greater One Sect——Ye Qingyu!”

What?!

Ye Qingyu?

How could it be him?!

The several other headmasters looked aghast.

One of the major reasons for the defeat of Greater One Sect in the Storm Sword Duel Meeting, as well as attracted the attack of the Black Demon Race, and resulted in the destruction of the Mountain Gate, was Ye Qingyu. The little bastard, who they regarded as a citizen of a lowly domain, had at the most critical moment destroyed their plans, destroyed the formation of the Greater One Sect, which led to the Greater One Sect’s crushing defeat.

So over the past few years, at every mention of this person, the higher-ups of the Greater One Sect hated the fact that they were unable to peel his skin and crush his bones alive, to vent their anger.

Now, hearing the name of the mad demon from the mouth of Greater One Spiritual Master again, although hatred was soaring in their heart, on the surface they only maintained a complex look and did not say a word.

Because everything had changed.

The present Ye Qingyu was no longer like before.

[Ice Sword Killing God]!

Demon King Ye.

Recently... they had received the news that he was the third deputy envoy of the Human Race.

All these titles of him shook the Road of Chaos. The youngster who they hunted like a dog back then had now grown up to be a giant that they must look up to. Given Ye Qingyu's present strength, it was most likely that, even if they combined all their strength, they would be no match for him.

Even though the Greater One Sect had received support from the [Camp], their overall strength had grown dramatically, and was invincible throughout the entire Clear River Domain, they knew that now was not an appropriate time to provoke that new appointee of the Human Race.

“Huh? You just said it was... Ye Qingyu?”

The young expert who was enveloped in dense black fog suddenly spoke.

His voice was a little bizarre, like the sounds of friction from the constant rubbing of sharp stones, and there was a hint of inexplicable chill in his tone, as he asked, “Why did he suddenly come to Clear River Domain? And captured Flowing Light City? Why would Miao Wuhen provoke this madman?”

As this sentence came out, the flagship was as quiet as a cicada in winter.

It was evident that the Special Envoy was not concerned about Miao Wuhen's death or the fate of Flowing Light City. He was more concerned about the implications and why Miao Wuhen would all of a sudden provoke the madman known as Ye Qingyu, bringing them some unnecessary variables.

Greater One Spiritual Master felt a chill down his spine when he heard this.

The entire Greater One Sect could be said to be extremely afraid of the young special envoy.

He bowed respectfully right away and explained, “Reporting Special Envoy, previously this Madman Ye had made some friends in Clear River Domain. The reason he killed Miao Wuhen is most likely because of the death of the City Lord of Flowing Light City, Chen Zhengliang, and the disciple of the Immoral God Emperor Sect, Leng Xiaoran.”

“Oh.” The young expert nodded slowly.

Greater One Spiritual Master took a glimpse at the Special Envoy but could not tell what he was thinking. He hesitated for a moment and had to continue, “Can I ask Special Envoy Yang what our next arrangement would be? Should we send forces to Flowing Light City...”

“Send forces? No need...” The young expert broke out in strange laughter. His voice was hollow and hoarse, as though it came from an endless black hole, and from his tone there seemed to be a hint of hatred, “Miao Wuhen's life is not important, if he died then so be it. There is also not much value in Flowing Light City. The most important thing now is to complete Master's plan. The army will proceed to Wei River Mountain Range, and then launch an attack. We will first extinguish the Immortal God Emperor Sect, then take down the Wei River mountains, and then do the things we need to do... As for that Ye Qingyu, hehe, I have a good understanding of that madman. He cherishes friendships extremely, and since he is friends with the Immortal God Emperor Sect, then he will certainly rush to the rescue. Calculating the time, the effectiveness of the Quasi-emperor protection on Ye Qingyu’s body should have passed. He is no longer sheltered by the heavens and earth. If he really comes then let him be buried in the Wei River Mountain Range! These days, he has been jumping about joyfully. He really thinks no one can do anything to him. Hehe, he is nothing but a jumping clown. I was only hesitant because of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], but now, the situation has changed, even [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] cannot save him, hehe...”

In the last burst of evil laughter, that resentment seemed to have turned into a very terrifying aura, condensed into black misty fiendish qi, like a black scaly snake spitting out venom, coiling around the young expert.

The several headmasters on the deck all bowed their heads respectfully when they saw the sight, a look of indescribable fear twisting their face behind the sleeve of their robe. In particular, Greater One Sect’s Feng Wuheng, who bore the brunt of the evil and demonic qi. There was a bone-chilling pain all over his body like he had dropped into an icehouse, but he could only bury his head in his hands and endure.

But he now seemed to have a hint of understanding. It appeared that Special Envoy Yang had some sort of deep grudge against that boy Ye Qingyu.

If that were the case then it would be great. With Special Envoy Yang personally taking action, Ye Qingyu would undoubtedly die, which would be getting rid of a large enemy for the Greater One Sect, but also remove a large problem of their dominance of Clear River Domain——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 943:


Chapter 960, Southwest direction



Three days of time went by in the blink of an eye.

The news of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor had been released from various channels. But because the news had come too suddenly, and the matter was too astonishing, in that short period of time it did not attract too much attention. Many people listened to the news like it was a joke. After all, the name Chaos Demon Emperor had never been heard before in the long history of martial arts.

Ye Qingyu also passed the news to the Domain Alliance.

As to how the Domain Alliance will react, it was not known.

In any case, when the news got out it would be impossible for forces from the dark side or the light side to do things secretively. The ordinary sects and forces had never heard of the name Chaos Demon Emperor, but that did not mean that everyone did not know about it. The sects that had thousands of years of foundation naturally had their own channels and ancient records. They knew about many secrets of the world that were unknown to many people, and naturally had a deep understanding of what the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor represented.

Domain Gates were already established and opened in Flowing Light City, and were directly connected to Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Under the guidance of the Patriarch of the Hundred Spirits Sect, the refugees in Flowing Light City were transferred to Heaven Wasteland Domain.

This matter would no doubt carry some consequences, and would certainly cause some dispute in the future, but at such a critical time they could not care too much. They were prepared to bear the responsibility with Ye Qingyu.

On the third day, Ye Qingyu, along with silly dog Little Nine, Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi, left Flowing Light City to meet up with the million-year-old soul at Greater One Mountain Range.

On the way, Ye Qingyu roughly mentioned that they would travel with an elder of the Human Race on this operation, but had not specifically spoken about the true background of the million-year-old soul. He first had to ask the million-year-old soul before he could tell them in detail. Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi also did not ask any further.

Half an hour later.

They came to the periphery of Greater One Mountain Range.

Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi waited at the periphery, while Ye Qingyu traveled to the eighth peak of Greater One Sect alone.

But to his surprise, an unexpected thing had happened. On the central peak, where the Storm Platform was previously, there was completely nothing. The huge Storm Platform had vanished without a trace. If it was not for some markings on the ground, which proved that the Storm Platform was once here, Ye Qingyu simply would have thought that what he saw three days ago was nothing but a dream.

What was going on?

The Storm Platform had vanished?

“Elder? Are you there?” Having released his divine sense and made no discovery, Ye Qingyu couldn't help asking out loud, his voice echoing across the Lotus Flower eighth peak.

“Little guy, you came?” a familiar voice sounded.

It was the million-year-old soul.

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh of relief when he heard his voice. He really was afraid that some sort of accident had happened. After all, the million-year-old soul had not completely refined the Chaos Demon Heart yet, and seemed to possess no combat power. However, when he looked around and still could not see any figure in sight, he couldn’t help asking again, “Elder, where are you? Has the Chaos Demon Heart finished refinement? Please show yourself.”

“Haha, I'm right there in the same place, look closely.” The voice of the million-year-old soul sounded again, and from the voice it was clear that his mood was obviously very good.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

He looked again at the original location of the Storm Platform , and there was still no discovery.

The power of his divine sense was released out like the tide, yet it still did not detect any power or fluctuation of life force.

“Hahaha, look closely, I'm still here, just turned a little smaller...” The million-year-old soul teased.

Turned a little smaller?

Ye Qingyu took a more careful look at where the Storm Platform originally was. There were dozens of small stones, one of which, flashing a faint glow. The appearance was a bit strange, and on a closer examination it really was a bit similar to the Storm Platform, except that the size differed significantly.

Could it be?

Ye Qingyu could not believe it.

At this moment, the small black stone jumped up and floated over to Ye Qingyu. On the surface all of a sudden a mouth opened wide as a voice spread out, “Four years, I have finally refined this Chaos Demon Heart. It feels pretty good. Haha, little guy you didn't expect it, right?”

Ye Qingyu was a little dumbfounded.

He really didn't think of that.

He originally thought that the so called refinement of the Chaos Demon Heart was to refine it into a tangible body, but never thought that the final result was that the huge Storm Platform was transformed into a little object, the size of a child's fists. This... this was the new body of the million-year-old soul?

Ye Qingyu really gave a wry smile.

How could a small stone be associated with the word ‘body’?

The million-year-old soul seemed to have noticed Ye Qingyu's astonishment. The black stone opened its mouth again, “The refinement of a body is not that easy. Since ancient times, there are too many materials that cannot bear my consciousness power. I can only take it step by step. The impurities of this Chaos Demon Heart have all been removed, but there is only little essence left. Fortunately it is just a carrier.”

Ye Qingyu sort of understood.

“Elder, there are two other things that I must apologize for not asking for your agreement beforehand. I have two friends who are now in the periphery of the Greater One Mountains and want to go with me.” Ye Qingyu introduced Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi, and then described in detail what had happened in the past three days, including how he acted on his own initiative and spread out the matter of the impending arrival of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

“Don't worry, what you have done is what I wanted to do. The more people pay attention to this matter, the more that scheming is not feasible. That means everything will depend on strength.” The million-year-old soul stone jumped on to Ye Qingyu's shoulder, “Next, we will head southwest, you can do whatever you want, just treat me as a real stone, don’t let others know, when we reach the place I will let you know.”

Head southwest?

That was the direction of the Wei River Mountain Range of the Immortal God Emperor Sect.

Ye Qingyu drew a deep breath.

……

……

In the direction of the southwest.

It was less than ten thousand kilometers from the Wei River Mountain Range.

In a torn and desolate small village, there was a terrifying strong smell of blood drifting in the Void. There were only the devastating traces of war left behind in the originally peaceful and stable village. The buildings and houses had collapsed, and everywhere there were discarded corpses.

Not far away, more than ten bandits were circled around a group of frightened, shivering refugees to kidnap the women.

“Please let us go... Master, she is still young, she is only nine years old...” A trembling old man, unable to bear his granddaughter being taken away, tightly held on to her in his thin and weak arms.

“Old thing, you want to die!” Armed with a small knife, a fierce-faced bandit lashed out with a kick to the old man’s stomach, and with a backhand slash a grey-haired head was seen rolling across the ground. The nine-year-old girl was lifted up.

“Quickly hurry up, kill everyone else except for the females!” On the other side, a tall and burly bandit leader with zigzag scars across his face picked up two women who were so frightened that they were paralyzed like chicks, undisguised lust in his eyes.

“Mummy, I'm scared...” On the other side, a thin little boy was curled up in his mother's arms, shivering with fear.

“Hurry, run...” The mother looked weak and was ashen-faced from fear, but in the face of danger, she gathered up the strength to pick up the child and flee, but unfortunately the next moment she was sent flying. The child also fell to one side.

“You want to run? I’ll kill your son first...” The next moment, the bandits’ knife was raised again and was about to be brought down at the weak and thin boy.

“No... don't...” the mother screamed, tears of despair burst forth.

Watching the tragedy about to happen, incredibly bizarre things began to take place.

The leader found that his body was imprisoned by a mysterious and bizarre force, no matter how hard he struggled, his body could not move at all.

He glanced around and found that all the brothers around him were motionless and stiff, looking ahead with an aghast face.

This... what was going on here!

He turned around to the crowd.

He could only see that at the end of the village there was a pure and faint white light slowly coming towards their side.

The gaze of the bandit leader and the others uncontrollably moved to the white light.

Gradually, the white light grew clearer and it was then that they saw a layer of soft cloud-like mist shrouding a beautiful and graceful woman in white, who was coming towards them.

Faintly, it could be seen that her black hair reached the ground, tied with a green-blue ribbon, and the ends of her hair fluttering with the wind. Between the strands of hair, there was white brilliance intertwined around them. Her white robe was whiter than snow, spotless, pure and untainted by a speck of dust. Although her facial features were blurred under the dense mist, from that charm and aura she simply did not look like a mortal but more like a fairy of the Ninth Heaven.

Throughout the village, it suddenly became extraordinarily serene.

All of the people looked on, enchanted.

Some people even started to hold their breath, as though afraid that the slightest movement would disturb the fairy.

And the woman did not stop.

She was half floating in the air, as if she was just passing by, and slowly drifted past their side.

After a few moments.

“Oh my god, a beauty...” the bandit leader exclaimed, eyes lighting up, and bit his tongue to check if he was dreaming. “This woman is simply a fairy from the heavens. Hahaha, I can’t believe there is such a beautiful woman on this world. Brothers, what are you waiting for!”

But no one responded to him.

It was quiet, bizarrely quiet.

“What's going on?” Confused, the bandit leader spun around.

Then, he witnessed a scene that he would never forget.

From the more than ten bandits’ bodies, at the same time there was a pure small white flower blooming out, light slowly diffusing, and after a few moments the bandits were transformed into white fireworks, dissipating into the atmosphere.

“What is that? How... How could it be... who did this?” The bandit leader was aghast.——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 944:


Chapter 961, Heaven’s pride experts appear one after another



Under great fear, the bandit leader began to tremble. He instinctively tried to escape, but from his chest there were similarly pure white flowery flames blooming out.

“Ah...” The bandit leader let out a desperate scream, before his whole body erupted into a flawless white brilliance, gradually dissipated and vanished.

In the distance.

The pure and beautiful figure was already gone.

The villagers were all frozen.

It was unknown how long had past before the group of shocked refugees gradually began to react.

“Bodhisattva, it was Bodhisattva who saved us...” An old granny repeatedly kowtowed in the direction of where the white figure had disappeared, face bathed in tears.

The crowd of refugees lowered to a crawling position, kowtowed and exclaimed loudly to the void, “Thank you, Bodhisattva!”

……

It was the southwest direction again.

An ancient cave in the depths of the mountains.

Pale blue glittering formation markings were flowing around the entrance of the cave, releasing an ancient and majestic aura. This was a desolated deep mountain, occupied by evil beasts. The entrance to the cave was concealed and old, and seemed to be a mysterious historical remains that had existed for thousands of years.

In the cave.

A skinny man was sitting cross-legged.

He was dressed in a simple and unadorned black robe, back straight as a javelin, face concealed by a black mask. His eyes were slightly closed, looking calm and indifferent. The yuan qi and aura he exuded at this moment was incredibly mysterious and bizarre. There was brilliance bursting forth like the waves of the vast ocean, tumbling endlessly, and did not seem to belong to this world.

This person was the successor of the Heaven devastator sect that the Greater One Sect had been searching for.

Beneath the mask, his eyes slowly opened, flashing an exceptionally bright blue glow.

“I can finally come out.” The successor of the Heaven devastator sect muttered to himself, voice sonorous like the clang of metal and filled with confidence and heroic spirit. “I have reached Master's standard... Haha, with my present strength, I am invincible across Heaven Wasteland Domain, and can also compete against geniuses of the outside world... There is one person that I am very much looking forward to meeting again. I hope you don't disappoint, hehe.”

……

The Southwest territory of Clear River Domain.

It was still the southwest.

Here it was about 30,000 kilometers from the Wei River Mountain Range, and was once an area concentrated with prestigious Human Race sects. However it had become deserted ever since Greater One Sect had dominated Clear River Domain.

At this time a group of young experts dressed in different uniforms, seemingly with extraordinary status, were gathered in a valley, which appeared to be a little secluded trading place.

Suddenly, a pleasant melodious sound, like the wind rustling bamboo leaves, water streaming across the mountain, could be heard.

“Huh? What's going on? Who's making such loud noise? How can there be such loud noise in the Dark City of Black water? Shut up...” Someone complained.

“What a tune it is. It's so beautiful...” An expert in a long water blue robe was taken back for a moment, then gradually sank into entrancement.

Everybody in the Dark city of black water were startled.

“The voice seems to be coming from the heavens.” Someone exclaimed.

Countless eyes followed the direction of where the sound came from.

A strange magnificent scene appeared on the wave-like clouds in the sky.

Sixteen snow-white celestial horses were galloping across the sky.

Celestial horses were an extremely rare species of mythological animal that was rarely seen in Clear River Domain. Even large sects did not have such foundation. But all of a sudden there were several of them and all were controlled by someone. In addition to its ability to fly, celestial horse possessed tyrannical fighting strength that is comparable to top Immortal step experts. It was a priceless mythological beast.

Dozens of celestial horses tread across the void, pulling a huge mountain-like chariot with a 12 ridged golden roof and jade beads as curtains. It was incomparable gorgeous, and between each railing and bead curtain there was an ancient and mysterious aura slowly being released. As a result, where the chariot passed by, terrifying power surged like the ocean waves and the magnificent pressure seemed to be crushing the sky.

“Heaven, is a deity descending onto the world?”

The figures in the valley were all trembling in fear.

They saw that around the chariot there were 12 youngsters each holding a musical instrument, playing heavenly music. The lingering sound echoed across the heaven and earth, as if to wash all the dirt and dust. And behind the chariot were followed by hundreds of experts of both the Human Race and foreign races. Their aura were all incredibly powerful, with the lowest being at the peak of the Immortal step boundary, and without exception were all men. Any one of the figures could instant sweep away all people in the Dark City of Black water.

“Such a gorgeous chariot, and its pulled by sixteen celestial horse. It's simply too extravagant...”

“Look, it's a woman sitting in the chariot, so beautiful...”

“Heavens, did I just see a fairy?”

“She... must a deity descending onto our world.”

The young experts on the ground incessantly marvelled aloud, and then began to become entranced and lifeless, as if their spirits were drifting away in the direction of the carriage.

The bead curtain of the chariot swayed, revealing the outline of a beautiful and elegant woman sitting inside. The gorgeous silhouette of the woman was faintly discernible. She was casually leaning back, her flaming-red silk dress swaying with the wind, presenting her perfectly curvaceous body. The women's eyes were flowing with emotions, extremely beautiful and alluring.

“Gorgeous chariot, celestial horses, a charming woman, and so many followers, could it be....” An expert in a python scaled armour exclaimed. “She is the [Alluring fairy] who is well known across the great thousands of domain!”

The legend of the Alluring fairy had shook the great thousands of domain during this period of time, and people of Clear River Domain had also hard of it before.

“It was rumoured that she has stirred the vast world, and experts of great forces were infatuated to the point of crazily chasing after her. After meeting her today, she really deserves that name.”

“So it's her... I am so lucky to see her true face in this life, I can die without regret now...”

……

Clear River Domain.

Over a vast primitive jungle.

There was a golden light as bright as day and a icy light resembling the brilliance of the moon.

In the midst of the two beams of light, the two figures appeared without any signs.

“Brother Yin, the news of the reappearance of the Reincarnation Hall had been let out by someone. Now everyone knows. We have to change our previous plan. This time there will certainly be many experts there to fight for the rare treasures and take the Emperor opportunity. But this time I have you accompanying me, I believe we can definitely get something.”

The one talking was a woman in a white long dress, hair flowing like waterfalls, and face covered with a faint layer of white gauze, but her delicate and unmatched beautiful face was still faintly discernible. She looked mysterious and aloof from the world, like a noble and icy-cold fairy from the Ice Moon Palace.

It was the Saintess of Jade pearl.

Next to her was a man shrouded in gold mist. His face was bronze, eyes clear and bright, brows thick and long, and was incomparably handsome. Clad in a glowing golden armour and wielding two double-pointed dragon spears, he was enveloped in a layer of surging sun flames, as bright as the scorching sun.

It was the Third Prince of the Kaiyang clan, Yin Kaishan.

“Xiao Yu, no matter what there is in the Reincarnation hall of the Chaos demon Emperor, I will certainly help you get it.” Yin Kaishan's eyes were gentle and did not hide his feelings in the slightest.

A light smile curved the lips of the Saintes of Jade pearl when she heard this, like the glow of the moon that made even the heaven and earth looked discoloured.

……

In the sky.

A skinny youngster in a large black robe with red and yellow hair casually and loosely draped over his shoulders was standing on a summit looking into the distance of the southwest direction.

And behind him there were two clouds of red flame-like mist, energy surging frantically. It was obviously the yuan qi of a Great Saint expert. The skinny youngster had two Great Saints level expert as his bodyguards. He certainly had a powerful background.

“Young Lord, according to the news, the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor will appear soon. At that time there will no doubt be martial artists of larges forces as well as young talents there.” The voice of a Great Saint expert, like an immemorial copper bell, contained mighty force, making all things in heaven and earth could not help but tremble in awe.

“Hmm, the more people the better, kill them all. Haha, who would my Sinful Pit be afraid of?” The youngster’s eyes flashed a hint of arrogance.

…

Another place.

There was the same thing.

A crack suddenly spread across the sky.

Several figures appeared.

The unique aura of the Black Demon Race had descended.

There were two figures, one of who was an elder of the Black Demon Race.

He was protecting a young man about more than 20 years old as they headed in the southwest direction of Clear River Domain.

The young expert had a fair and clear complexion, dark ink-like pupils, sword-like brows, and was tall and burly. He looked high and mighty like an Emperor, surging with an incomparably powerful yuan qi that even completely surpassed that of the Saint realm elder next to him.

“Has the exact location been found?” There was indisputable majesty in the tone of the young expert.

“Reporting to Crown Prince, according to the news and calculation sent by the Black Demon Temple, the time and specific location of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor is becoming increasingly clear. I believe that in a few days’ time we will surely be able to find it.” One of the elders skimmed through the flashing messages on the black demon token.

“Crown Prince, there is also another message. According to the news from Clear River Domain, the third deputy envoy of the Human Race Ye Qingyu has also come to Clear River Domain,. He is a friend of Her Highness...” Another Saint realm elder spoke.

“Oh? He's here, too? Hehe, the little girl has been very fond of this boy. Great, I would like to see what kind of person he is. He dares to think of touching the Little Princess of my Black Demon Race, hehe.” The Crown Prince of the Black Demon Race smiled, eyes flashing——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

