Chapter 805:


Chapter 822- Equal Regret



The friction of the turbulence within these rifts created harsh, ear-piercing noises, while the chaotic windstorms made sweeping howls which sounded like the angry roars of ancient fiendgods. These windstorms, which were originally already in a state of chaos, became even more frantic.

"You shall reap what you sow with no escape. Black Moon Divine Palace bastards, die!"

Ye Qingyu's blood-curdling angry roar reverberated all around.

Boom, boom, boom!

Earthshaking explosive noises rang out in succession.

Two more warships got their formations and hulls smashed, causing their inner formations to become disordered and their energy to be shorted. As the chaotic windstorms ravaged them, their formations were completely destroyed. Even the booming noises became drowned out by the howls of the chaotic windstorms. Through the eruption of a dazzling splendor, these two black warships could be seen self-combusting one after the other before they exploded, their flames tinting a huge stretch of the heavens red.

Amid the fleeting blazes from the bursting of the warships into fragments, the roars and screams of the Black Moon Divine Palace elites and experts could be indistinctly heard, albeit only for a brief moment before they, too, were drowned out by the howls of the chaotic windstorms.

Several Saint-level elders who had been standing at the bow panically tried using their life weapons to escape during that moment of collision, but, owing to the terrifying power of the chaotic windstorms, they ultimately turned into ashes and vanished.

Only the Great Saint-realm experts were barely able to withstand the power of the chaotic windstorms.

Anyone below their level would instantly turn into ashes within these windstorms.

In a normal environment, those massive ancient warships could absolutely be considered overlord-level forces. Like movable battle fortresses, every one of them possessed enough power to destroy a small sect and was extremely expensive to construct. They were considered part of the Black Moon Divine Palace's heritage. However, in this windstorm environment, they were like desert monitors, with air bubbles on their heads, entering an ocean before realizing that their magical abilities could not be brought into play, and once those bubbles burst, they would even drown within.

That said, the Black Moon Divine Palace itself was at fault for being too cruel and pushing things to the extreme. They not only chased the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission into the chaotic windstorms but were also adamant about sparing no one. This instead caused them to plunge into danger, and they could thus be considered to have brought about their own doom.

The annihilation of four ancient warships within the chaotic windstorms took no more than several breaths' worth of time.

After death, there was reincarnation.

After seeing such an apocalyptic scene, nobody's thoughts remained intact.

In a twinkling, the six giant ancient warships had been reduced to two.

Thousands of Black Moon Divine Palace experts stood shivering on the decks, wondering how that golden-light-draped young expert who spurted raging flames from his eyes in the distance could be this powerful. To them, he must either be a killing demon from hell, or an angel from heaven who had come to cleanse all evil.

On the command warship of the Black Moon Divine Palace.

The supreme commander of the operation to besiege the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission, Elder Wang, was in a mental frenzy.

As one of the three Highest Elders who worked closely with the Great Saint Zhong Yuan in the Black Moon Divine Palace, he was only too clear what the earlier scene entailed. The explosion of the ancient warships caused his heart to bleed, while what more so shocked him and made him feel that something was amiss was the overwhelming retaliation which the young man had brought.

With a horrified look flickering in his eyes, he peered at the blinding golden light in the windstorms as a bad premonition abruptly arose in his heart.

Something terrible must've happened in Falcon City!

In order to deal with Ye Qingyu, the Black Moon Divine Palace not only transferred one-third of their sect's elite forces to Falcon City, but were also aided by experts from other sects among their auxiliary forces. The trap they had set was supposed to bring certain death upon even a Great Saint.

Yet, this young expert, whose strength was only at the Immortal Step realm, and who evidently had never knocked on the Immortal gate, actually managed to come out alive from that trap and killing formation. They thus wondered what he had done to escape from that intricate setup.

Highest Elder Wang had no way of finding out.

Moreover, as he carefully recollected everything that had just happened, he thought about Ye Qingyu's kamikaze aggression and vigor, and that weird and mysterious cauldron... These were things he neither knew about nor expected.

Despite having seen and encountered all kinds of situations in his lifetime, he was a little stumped at this moment.

Perhaps, the Black Moon Divine Palace should never have provoked the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission?

And more so shouldn't have antagonized this young man?

This kind of thoughts popped up unrestrainedly in Elder Wang's mind.

What he did not know was that, less than a day ago, the Great Saint Zhong Yuan also had similar thoughts. Effectively, these two Great Saint-level beings had the same sentiment while facing the same person at different times. This was not because they were frightened out of their wits, but because their sharp intuitions, which they had refined over their long lifetimes, came up with identical responses.

Unfortunately, nobody else picked up on this intuitive response.

These were but fleeting thoughts in Elder Wang's mind.

Without thinking about anything else, he swept a glance at the two remaining warships and swiftly determined the seriousness of the situation.

Although the Black Moon Divine Palace was an ancient sect that had been through tens of thousands of years, the entire sect only possessed twelve Black Moon warships. In order to seize the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission, six of these warships were dispatched in one go. If this entire military contingent was wiped out, the loss of these six warships alone would be a devastating blow to the Black Moon Divine Palace.

However, everything had reached an inevitable outcome at present.

The predicament of the Black Moon Divine Palace was such that neither advancing nor retreating were favorable.

They had no means of fighting head-to-head against that terrifying cauldron, and could only do their best to stall for time by withstanding its impact. The only possible plan was to preserve the battle strength of the Black Moon Divine Palace to the highest possible extent and help their elites and disciples to successfully pull away from the chaotic windstorms.

In such a critical situation, there was little room for further consideration.

"Peng Huaibi, quickly dispatch orders for the two warships to immediately retreat out of the chaotic windstorms at full speed. Tell them to reverse course now and don't stay a moment longer!" Standing at the forefront of the bow, Elder Wang spoke in a tone that contained a rare urgency.

To one side, the Black Moon Divine Palace Saint who was called Peng Huaibi was briefly startled before he promptly went to transmit the order.

The two giant warships began to turn their bows as their hulls made booming noises. The splendor of the outer formations flickered wildly, revealing that the ships power had been raised to the maximum, and that the warships were intending to escape from the battlefield.

In the distance.

Ye Qingyu also noticed this scene.

"Thinking of running away? Forget it."

As he shouted, the killing intent and anger in his heart became near-unquellable.

The power of the god-level yuan liquid in his body continued to burst out frenziedly in the chaotic windstorms. Having succeeded a few times in succession, he unhesitatingly manipulated the [Cloud Top Cauldron] once more and turned it into a bright golden flowing light which rammed toward the direction of Elder Wang's command warship.

He was not taking any prisoners.

He certainly would not allow anyone from the Black Moon Divine Palace to escape like that.

"What a cruel heart you have, little brat. We've already conceded defeat, yet you're still not content. This is absurd!" As Elder Wang watched the closing in of the golden flowing light, anger and ice-cold killing intent surged from all over his body.

Kneading a seal with his fingers, an extremely terrifying black evil qi instantly gushed from his fingertips and palms.

An endless stream of black evil qi surged forth. Along its path, it condensed into a pillar of smoke which reached the vault of Heaven.

Subsequently, a tangible machete appeared from the midst of the black evil smoke.

Shaped like the moon, the densely-arranged ancient formations on it were strange and profound, while the black glow which shrouded over it seemed to be drawn from hell. The evil qi of countless specters bulged from within, as if eager to rush out. Following the release of evil qi, a terrifying aura instantly pervaded all around the cosmic Void, causing even the chaotic windstorms to make a shrill whistling noise.

"This is the [Black Evil Soul-Locking Knife]. To think that Elder Wang would resort to his famous life weapon here. The last time it was used was when he fought a life-and-death-battle against a Great Saint of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect a thousand years ago..." a disciple on the deck exclaimed.

The [Black Evil Soul-Locking Knife] could weaken one's flesh and blood and lock one's soul.

For several thousand years, it had been a famous artifact of the Black Moon Divine Palace.

Over the years, there had been very few opponents who could cause Elder Wang to employ this weapon. Now, however, he decided to use this weapon against Ye Qingyu, whose strength was not even at the Saint realm. Everyone within the chaotic windstorms clearly knew what this meant.

The cultivation of a Saint took a thousand years or more. Elder Wang himself was clearer than anyone else present regarding the consequences if this life weapon was damaged in any way,

To summon the life weapon at this juncture in order to salvage the situation showed that Elder Wang had thrown caution to the winds.

Upon giving an angry shout, Elder Wang, who was surging with yuan qi, waved his palms. The machete, enlaced with black evil qi, abruptly turned into blinding black flowing light and instantly shot forth via an extremely weird path.

This life weapon was indeed overbearingly powerful, and could neither be attacked nor hindered by the chaotic windstorms, within which it even cut out a vacuum rift for it to swoop directly at Ye Qingyu.

The elder was not intending to kill Ye Qingyu.

Instead, he was trying to stall for a little time so that the two remaining warships could escape from this place. This was because he knew clearly that even by using his life weapon, it remained difficult to shake the giant cauldron.

In the Void.

Ye Qingyu's eyes flashed.

He had fought against Saint-level might on many occasions along this road, and naturally understood that it could not be taken lightly. At this moment, however, images of the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission members being surrounded and attacked flashed unceasingly in his mind.

Revenge and hatred completely ignited all of the brutality at the bottom of his heart.

"Old fool, you seem desperate. Let's see what you've got!"

The rage and hatred in his eyes grew even more intense as the power of the god-level yuan liquid in his body continued to erupt wildly. Immense pain accompanied his wrath, causing his entire being to enter a state of madness. Summoning the one-hundred-and-eight-word incantation, the dazzling flowing light remained as fast as ever as it rammed toward the warship.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 806:


Chapter 823 - Abandonment and the Ending



The flowing light shot like an arrow and reached its target in an instant.

Boom!

A noise which was way louder than that of a rammed-into warship's explosion rang out.

Two beams of flowing light, both of which emitted a boundless aura, made contact within the windstorms and immediately exploded. A stretch of the firmament, several kilometers in circumference, was dyed golden and interspersed with fine black rays of light. The Void, too, was rocked until several waves appeared on it.

More astonishingly, a huge hole of nothingness emerged within the chaotic windstorms.

This kind of collision force was simply too scary.

Among the two camps, most experts could not look directly at the brilliance that ensued from the explosion. Even the majority of the Immortal Step realm experts had to muster all their strength to withstand the bombardment force which diffused all around.

"Dammit... how is this possible?"

Manipulating the [Black Evil Soul-Locking Knife] from the warship, Elder Wang suddenly realized something which caused him to reveal a horrified expression. His palms wobbled as he performed a seal so as to make the life weapon return to him.

However, it was all too late.

"Puff..." As he spurted a mouthful of blood, his face discolored and became as white as paper.

In the midst of the chaotic windstorms.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] spun slowly, its dark-yellow brilliance flickering.

Standing within a halo, Ye Qingyu's white clothes fluttered and his black hair drooped down like a waterfall. Fine streams of blood flowed from his eyes, suggesting that the collision force had also inflicted significant injuries on him.

However, his eyes still contained a the arrogance of a fiendgod which could make the world submit to and worship him.

As for the [Black Evil Soul-Locking Knife], which had devoured the evil qi of countless experts' specters over millions of years, it became unable to withstand the terrifying power from the giant cauldron after repeated collisions, and soon broke into innumerable fragments which were swept away by the chaotic windstorms.

Once the weapon fragmented, the fragments lost all divinity and found it difficult to resist the chaotic windstorms' power. They turned into tiny flames and were eventually destroyed, becoming nothingness.

The sight of this scene shocked the Black Moon Divine Palace experts onboard the remaining two warships so badly that their eyes nearly ruptured.

What?!

Elder Wang's life weapon has been shattered?!

How can this happen?

That copper cauldron... what exactly is it? It's too damn frightening!

All of the experts on the warships revealed horrified and fearful expressions when they saw Elder Wang suffering a side-effect and the [Black Evil Soul-Locking Knife] being pulverized in the windstorms.

In the blue splendor on the other side of the chaotic windstorms.

Nearly a thousand members of the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission, too, saw this scene from behind the energy shield of the blue splendor. Their hearts had been filled with suspense since the beginning, but when they saw that Ye Qingyu had claimed a huge advantage, every one of them felt the blood in their chest burning.

As they watched Ye Qingyu's invincible figure, their eyes became fiery, their blood burned, their battle intent soared, and their morale was greatly boosted. It felt like the moment when valiant soldiers stood united on a battlefield, bathing in blood as they killed the enemies.

"Fight!"

Someone was first to roar.

It seemed as if only this word could express the scorching feeling in everyone's hearts.

Shortly after, more and more inspiring voices were heard.

"Fight!"

"Fight!!"

"Fight!!!"

The wave of voices was teeming with heartening passion, its boundless vigor indistinctly shaking the Void all around.

Standing tall in the windstorms, Ye Qingyu also heard these roars.

The bursts of voices sounded like the beating of an ancient war drum.

Ye Qingyu's face revealed a hint of resolve.

"Brothers, I came a little late. Your battle is already over. You can now watch me fight on your behalf."

After adjusting his breath for a moment, showing no regard for his injuries, Ye Qingyu darted madly in the direction of the warships.

On the deck of the command warship.

"This is not good... Retreat, quick!" Elder Wang hastily ordered. Although his life weapon had been destroyed and his injuries were significant, being a Great Saint after all, he was able to quickly readjust himself, albeit his countenance still looked rather pale.

The two warships retreated at full speed in the same direction.

However, being hindered by the chaotic windstorms, the speed of these massive objects certainly could not match that of Ye Qingyu, who gave chase like a flowing light arrow.

A moment later.

Ye Qingyu's repeated strikes caused the ripples on the two warships' protective shields to grow even bigger until the shields nearly broke.

"Dammit, these warships don't seem to have much hope. Who exactly have we provoked this time? I'd never imagined we would suffer such terrible losses. Looks like we have to abandon ship... No, that won't do. Onboard these two warships are several young geniuses which we have painstakingly unearthed and trained. I have to protect them no matter what!" Elder Wang made his decision.

He took out a full-moon-shaped fluorescent lapis ring and chanted an ancient incantation, following which a protective shield which flickered with a moonlight brilliance appeared and shielded him within.

As a pinnacle Great Saint, escaping from the chaotic windstorms was naturally something he could do, albeit with some difficulty. The strong resistance he had been putting up was meant to protect those ancient Black Moon warships to the best of his abilities.

Now that the remaining two warships were on the verge of being destroyed by the endless collisions, he naturally chose to abandon ship and protect his own life.

"You all, follow me!" As he swept his vision across, the commanders and the near-hundred Black Moon Divine Palace disciples whose strength were at the pinnacle of the Immortal Step realm promptly dashed from the two remaining warships into the light shield.

The next moment, the [Cold Moon Shield] enclosed these people within. Elder Wang gave a loud shout, working up all of his body's power, and with a flash, he caused the [Cold Moon Shield] to plunge into the midst of the chaotic windstorms, where it turned into flowing light before rapidly retreating.

"Elder Wang, save me..."

"Nooo, what should we do?"

"We... have been abandoned."

The remaining Black Moon Divine Palace disciples who were abandoned on the warships turned pale with fear and went into total panic. They knew that they had been given up upon, and the only thing they could do now was to await death.

"Let's try this!"

"In my next life, I'll certainly not enter the Black Moon Divine Palace."

A portion of them revealed despairing faces yet did not want to sit around awaiting death. These people burned their origin power and jumped out of the warships, intending to rush out of the chaotic windstorms. However, it took only a moment for them to turn into ashes and dissipate.

As the other disciples stood on the deck watching this, their feelings became even more messed up than before, and they did not dare to act rashly. Despair and fear showed visibly on their faces.

In the midst of the chaotic windstorms.

Ye Qingyu gradually slowed his speed and did not give chase to that beam of cold-moon flowing light.

He knew very well that his overwhelming advantage over that pinnacle Saint on the command warship was because the latter wanted to preserve the warships and the disciples' lives and thus needed to be careful.

Besides, if a fight broke out within the chaotic windstorms, all it would take was a moment of carelessness for one to be torn apart by the windstorms, regardless of how strong one's physical cultivation was. Having painstakingly cultivated to the pinnacle of the Great Saint level, that elder naturally did not want to take such a risk.

"It's just that... to abandon these two warships within the chaotic windstorms is quite a pity..."

As he glanced at the two massive objects abandoned among the windstorms, Ye Qingyu's eyes suddenly glimmered.

He was not too sure how much space there was in the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

However, he had felt the might contained within these two ancient warships during the collisions.

It would be kinda good If I can keep them as my own.

With that, he silently chanted an ancient word.

Above his head, the slowly-spinning [Cloud Top Cauldron] grew bigger and bigger. From a size which needed four or five people to hug around, it rapidly inflated until nearly a hundred people were needed to hug around it.

A tremendous power which seemed like it could instantly absorb the entire world into itself suddenly diffused from the top of the cauldron.

Buzz!

A huge blare rang out.

As if being towed by an extremely mysterious and ancient power, the two incomparably-massive warships began to move on their own, and at a speed many times faster than when they were trying to escape.

No more than ten breaths later.

The two divine-mountain-like warships were absorbed into the copper cauldron.

They actually... managed to fit in!

A pleasant surprise flashed across Ye Qingyu's eyes as he continued gazing at the slowly-spinning cauldron.

...

A day later.

In the eastern part of Inferno City.

In the Phoenix Race's station.

The Heaven Wasteland envoy mission members pitched their tents on a square in front of the station, officially receiving the protection of the Phoenix Race.

In the tent of the Water Demon Race.

Dragon Turtle Big Demon had been rescued from the jaws of death and was currently lying on a bed. Although he looked as feeble as a haggard old man, there was still a very weak aura emanating from him.

The other injured members were also treated in time, and were resting and readjusting in separate tents.

As for the other members whose injuries were lighter, they were currently gathered at the depths of the station, in front of an extremely secluded and unconventional courtyard. Anxiety could more or less be made out on their faces, as if they were waiting for something.

In a pavilion on the north side of the secluded courtyard.

Two female figures sat facing each other beside a stone table, seemingly having a chat.

The female on the left side was dressed in a soft-silk-gauze purple dress which drooped windingly on to the floor. Looking elegantly simple yet pure and noble, her lavender-colored long hair gently swayed in the wind, while a mild crisp fragrance lingered around her. A faint gloss circulated around the Phoenix mask on her face, from which a genuine Phoenix aura emanated indistinctly. Although her looks could not be seen, her ice-cold and watery eyes seemed like they could see through everything.

Words like "mystical", "powerful, and "haughty" were inadequate to describe the current temperament and vigor of this Celestial Phoenix Maiden, who seemed as though she simply did not belong to this world.

On the other side of the stone table, a crystal-clear and bright pair of eyes flickered gently, as if curiously checking out the Celestial Phoenix Maiden. They belonged to no one but the first female emperor of the Heaven Wasteland Dynasty, Yu Xiaoxing.

After washing up and getting dressed, Yu Xiaoxing's complexion was still a little pale, and she did not put on any makeup. Nevertheless, she looked exceptionally pretty. Her jet-black long hair scattered like a waterfall and hung down under her seat, while the bare skin around her ears and neck were as smooth as fine white tallow jade. From among her jade bones and icy skin, wisps of imperial qi emanated vaguely.







© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 807:


Chapter 824, Already a legend

“I must thank the Phoenix Race for their help in saving Heaven Wasteland Domain from a hopeless situation,” Yu Xiaoxing said with a smile.

A day ago, Ye Qingyu had finally destroyed the fleet belonging to Black Moon Immortal Palace, but had sustained internal injury as a result. The group of people returned from the Chaos Storm, and came to the Fire Melting City. It was Yan Wushuang who personally came forward to contact the Phoenix Race, and received approval from the Phoenix Race to stay in the Phoenix Race's encampment in Fire Melting City.

As one of the super forces in the world, the Phoenix Race had an extraordinary status, and if they were stationed here, then they could avoid a lot of unnecessary trouble, as well as prevent some forces from unrelentingly attacking the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps——although such a possibility was very small.

As for the Phoenix Race, who was thought to have a xenophobic attitude, to unexpectedly accept the Heaven wasteland diplomatic corps had caused quite a stir in Fire Melting City. Thinking back to how the Phoenix Race had openly supported Ye Qingyu and the rumours of the ambiguous relationship between the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and Ye Qingyu, many people could not help their imagination from running wild.

There were some rumours that also fell into the ears of Yu Xiaoxing.

But in any case, as the Empress of the Heaven Wasteland Imperial Court, Yu Xiaoxing, whether in public or private, naturally had to express her gratitude to the Phoenix Race at the very first moment.

Sitting quietly opposite her, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden just slightly nodded.

This was considered a response to Yu Xiaoxing's thanks.

Yu Xiaoxing could feel a coldness from the pearl of the Phoenix Race. Of course, she also knew that this coldness was not directed at her, rather it was her personality——In fact, before meeting the peerless female Heaven's prideling, Yu Xiaoxing had already known too much information about her. One of the most important points was that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden was icy cold and often kept a distance of thousands of kilometers from other people. Based on this, Yu Xiaoxing was already well prepared and so was already extremely satisfied with the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's reaction.

But the problem was that, as the Empress of Heaven Wasteland Dynasty, the calm and composed Yu Xiaoxing, who did not show the slightest change of expression even when the diplomatic corps suffered heavy losses, also did not know what to say next in response.

It was her who proposed to meet the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

She originally had a lot to ask and to say, but upon seeing her she was all of a sudden speechless.

And on the other side, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden still remained silent.

Under the strange Phoenix mask, within those clear and cold eyes, which had made many Demon Lords and experts terrified, there was a hint of strange light, like the expression that a child has when she suddenly found out that the toy she liked already has an owner.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden rarely paid attention to other matters, but yesterday, she had specifically looked through the information file on the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. According to the information that the Phoenix Race received earlier, the woman called Yu Xiaoxing before her, was the first female Emperor to rule Heaven Wasteland Domain. Moreover, this Empress was Ye Qingyu's childhood sweetheart, and the two were publicly acknowledge as a match made in Heaven.

Ever since they had been through a battle of life and death together in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, Ye Qingyu's strength and character had left a deep impression on the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

After a feeling of a sense of lose that even she could not understand, she was then a little curious.

What kind of woman would be deeply loved by Ye Qingyu?

Driven by such a curiosity, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden was willing to postpone some important affairs for the time being, and agreed to the young Empress's request for a meeting. In the first moment of the meeting, she had already begun to observe Yu Xiaoxing carefully, which she had never done before.

Following that, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden did not know what to say next.

Although Yu Xiaoxing's cultivation, in her view, was very ordinary, but for some reason, from the young woman with red lips and bright eyes, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden saw a brilliance that vaguely dazzled her, and that was precisely what she lacked.

So he likes this kind of girl.

Such a thought popped out in the mind of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

And then unconsciously, she fell into her old habit again.

She was in a daze again.

Since her birth, she had been declared to be a rare genius of the Phoenix Race in thousands of years. Her body flowed with the purest Phoenix Blood, and was seen as the reincarnation of a Phoenix ancestor. The Phoenix Race had poured a lot of effort and resources into her, but there was one thing about her that gave the whole Phoenix Race a headache——The Celestial Phoenix Maiden loved to be in a daze.

This was certainly not a serious problem, and at the beginning the Phoenix Race did not pay much attention to the issue. But then later something happened, which proved that this little problem was no small matter. After venerable elders of the race had checked through the ancient Phoenix Race scripture and verified the information, they finally came to the conclusion that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's three Immortal souls and seven mortal forms were incomplete. She was missing one Immortal soul and one mortal form, which was why it was difficult for her to concentrate for a long time.

It was a huge blow to the Phoenix Race.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden was the great hope of the formation of the Phoenix Race, but if her soul was not complete, then it would be difficult for reversion and to reconstruct the remarkable power of the True God of the Phoenix.

Therefore, the Phoenix Race did not hesitate to pay a huge price to send the Celestial Phoenix Maiden into the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, hoping to use the ancient parasol tree mentioned in the ancient Phoenix scripture to allow the Celestial Phoenix Maiden to achieve Nirvanic rebirth and to use the Nirvana Secret technique to repair her inherent deficiency and to recover her soul.

Although the Nirvanic rebirth was successful, but now it seemed that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's habit had not been completely reversed. The Phoenix Race was in a state of uneasiness and anxiety.

Time went by.

A gentle breeze blew.

The atmosphere inside the little pavilion suddenly became a little awkward.

During the moment of silence, Yu Xiaoxing suddenly recalled what happened yesterday after they were saved, and was lost in thought.

She in fact did not know much about the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, but had only heard Ye Qingyu briefly mention about the people and matters he encountered in the Black Demon Abyss. Yesterday, after the battle of the Chaos Storm, Ye Qingyu immediately rescued all the members, and soon they were escorted by the elders and masters of the Phoenix Race to the Phoenix Race's encampment in Fire Melting City and settled down.

It was now a known fact that the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps had become enemies with the Black Moon Immortal Palace as well as the forces behind them.

However, the Phoenix Race was still willing to accept them in such a situation. It was evident that her support and trust towards Ye Qingyu had gone beyond the level of ordinary friends.

After a while.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden, who was sitting on the left side of the stone table, finally came back from her daze.

It was also at this time that Yu Xiaoxing found a conversation topic, “Your Highness, Xing’er is not too familiar with the situation on the Road of Chaos. Now that Brother Xiaoyu had caused such a disturbance and killed so many experts of the Black Moon Immortal Palace, would there be trouble?”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden gently shook her head, “This matter is not an ordinary killing dispute, there is a reason for it, so the Domain Alliance will not make a hasty judgment. The Black Moon Immortal Palace has committed many misdeeds. The people who died deserved to die. Gongzi Ye had challenged the Black Moon Immortal Palace alone and had established prestige. The strength he had shown has shaken the entire nineteen cities of chaos. All attention is focused on him. According to the news that we received, there are many forces on the Road of Chaos that had acknowledged him to be a Heaven's prideling of the Human Race. He has boundless prospects. More importantly, he has the protection of the Human Race [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], nobody can touch him. You don't have to worry.”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden did not hide her admiration of Ye Qingyu from her tone of voice.

Indeed, there was a great disparity of forces and power between the two sides. It could be said that this battle had caused a great sensation on the Road of Chaos. Not only had it sparked heated debates in the great cities, but also made many large and small forces begin to pay attention to Ye Qingyu.

Now Ye Qingyu, a Human Race expert, was also a legend in the world of chaos.

Yu Xiaoxing also could not help getting emotional upon hearing this.

Ever since meeting Ye Qingyu at Youyan Pass, he had made rapid progress throughout the years and had completely broken the path of growth of most martial artists.

It was precisely because of the existence of such an invincible War God that Heaven Wasteland Domain has the status that it had.

A glance at someone was enough to capture you for the rest of your life.

Although Yu Xiaoxing was the Empress of the Heaven Wasteland Imperial Court, but in the bottom of her heart, after taking off the shell of the Empress, she also was just a young girl who was willing to sacrifice everything for her loved one.

Hearing the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's evaluation of him, a trace of unconcealable pride came to Yu Xiaoxing's eyes.

……

At the end of a little secluded courtyard.

A huge parasol tree that required at least seven or eight people to fully wrap around it stood in the courtyard. Its shade was like a lid, and rays of light were sprinkling down from the gaps between the layers of leaves.

Under the parasol tree, there was a stone room that looked very old and simple.

The walls of the stone room were engraved with vivid and lifelike totems of Phoenix soaring to the sky, and faintly there was the aura of a Phoenix flowing between the walls, as well as an extremely ancient divine power.

Inside the stone chamber.

Ye Qingyu was sat cross-legged, eyes slightly closed.

During the previous successive battles, he had little opportunity to gasp for breath, and most of the opponents were top Immortal Step realm experts or even Saint level experts. They had erupted again and again, challenging the limits of Ye Qingyu's body and yuan qi.

Although he successfully rescued the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps and won in the end, but the injuries hidden inside his body were already very severe. He needed to immediately shut himself away to recover. Therefore, after coming to the Phoenix Race's encampment, Ye Qingyu did not hesitate to ask the Phoenix Race to arrange this secret room for him to heal his injuries.

In fact, he was in a very dangerous state right now.

The continuous forced absorption and operation of the divine yuan liquid had almost caused his physical body to collapse. There were devastating injuries all over his whole body, and if it were not because the vitality of the Immortal Step boundary was extremely strong, and that there was a wisp of yellow Immortal qi as well as the faint green brilliance of a Quasi-emperor inside his body, he probably would have already turned into a pile of minced flesh.

The first thing that Ye Qingyu needed to do was to reconstruct his physical body——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 808:


Chapter 825, Take forcible possession



It was said that when one’s martial arts reached a certain degree, any damage to one’s physical body could be restored with one thought, as long as the state of mind had not been destroyed. Even if only the last limb remains, one’s body could still be restored to as it was before. From this point of view, it may seem that the physical body was not important.

But that was not the case.

The first prerequisite for the recovery of one’s physical body was that the blood and qi should be as vigorous as the sea, and that the source must be undamaged. The source, blood and qi were provided by the physical body; therefore the two had a mutually reinforcing relationship. Those who claim to be Immortal existences, their flesh and blood were, in fact, at a peak level, and were almost impossible to wear out, allowing them to continue to regenerate. This life force can be called vitality.

Ye Qingyu originally possessed a strong physical body, blood and qi as vigorous as the sea. However, in the previous days of continuous fierce battles, he was constantly exhausted, especially in the encampment of the Black Moon Immortal Palace. In order to delay Zhong Yuan and the other Great Saints, he had paid a huge price. Ye Qingyu was at the end of his strength. Later on, after a rest and with the power of a Quasi-emperor, Ye Qingyi was able to remain standing after the Battle of Chaos Storm.

After the Chaos Storm battle, Ye Qingyu was truly exhausted.

At that time, Ye Qingyu, like a man made of mud and covered with dry cracks, seemed like he would collapse at any time. He was also like a dehydrated sand eagle that would collapse with a gust of wind. If not for the fact that he had still not completely used up all of his energy, with a single strand still remaining, like a lotus root hanging by a thread, it was likely that Ye Qingyu would already have perished.

It had already been a day since he shut himself away to cultivate.

Ye Qingyu's situation was finally a little better.

He was still sitting cross-legged and operating the nameless breathing technique.

A drop of divine yuan liquid was whirling above Ye Qingyu's head like a purple pill, constantly emitting dense smoke and strands of silk-like mist that entered into Ye Qingyu's body.

Ye Qingyu was clad in white trousers, white combat boots, and was untainted by a speck of dust. These two pieces of clothing were divine items that he had obtained from the Underground Moonlight Immortal Palace in Clear River Domain. These were the legacy of the suspected Thunder and Lightning Emperor Qin Ming. Although it was made from unknown materials, these items were impossible to penetrate. As a result these pieces of clothing remained undamaged in battles, but apart from this, the other clothing had been turned to ashes.

At this time, Ye Qingyu's upper body was naked.

He was constantly absorbing and drawing upon the divine power of the divine yuan liquid to make up for the loss of source and vitality——It was not the same as in previous battles. Ye Qingyu was no longer directly swallowing the power, rather using the one hundred and eight ancient characters on the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to refine the divine yuan liquid, and then slowly absorb the power of the divine essence. This way, he would not hurt himself from drinking, and at the same time would be able to fully utilize the benefits of the divine yuan liquid to its peak.

And perhaps it was because Ye Qingyu had continuously consumed the divine yuan liquid in the previous battles, the divine power had almost caused Ye Qingyu's body to explode. Unconsciously he had also adapted to this power. Therefore, in the past day, Ye Qingyu's healing speed was a little more optimistic than initially imagined.

The faint mist of the divine yuan liquid was curling around Ye Qingyu's upper body, the shocking blood scars on his strong, jade-like skin were slowly fading, and the blood in his body was beginning to strengthen.

In Ye Qingyu's dantian world, the originally dried up yuan qi ocean had been roughly restored to one third of its former state. The yuan qi was surging up violently, and monstrous waves were lifting to the sky. In the most central area of the yuan qi ocean, there was a yuan qi giant with a face that can faintly be identified as Ye Qingyu moving up the yuan qi platform steps at an incredibly slow pace.

This yuan qi giant was Ye Qingyu's [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger].

With the passage of time, the [Yuan Qi Ttue-Self Doppelganger] was continuously solidifying, gradually growing brighter, the lines on its body were smoother, and the face was clearer than before. The cracks and smears of colours on the huge giant were also gradually disappearing.

The [Yuan Qi Ttue-Self Doppelganger] reflected a martial artist's real body. A martial artist's condition would be shown on the [Yuan Qi Ttue-Self Doppelganger]. Previously, when Ye Qingyu's physical body was almost destroyed, the [Yuan Qi Ttue-Self Doppelganger] was also almost on the verge of collapsing. At this moment it was constantly eliminating the scars, while Ye Qingyu’s physical body was recovering.

Another day passed like this.

Ye Qingyu had been repeating the same thing over and over again, refining the divine yuan liquid pill, and absorbing the its power to make up for his losses. The nameless breathing technique and divine yuan liquid had an inexplicable compatibility. At a speed that was unimaginable to ordinary people, it restored the vitality, blood and qi that Ye Qingyu had lost.

Another day passed.

The wound on the surface of Ye Qingyu's body was finally completely gone.

His complexion also turned a little rosy.

Slowly opening his eyes, Ye Qingyu breathed a sigh of relief. Looking down at his arms and palms, he slightly moved his upper limbs. He felt the strength inside his body, and with a thoughtful look on his face he said, “It is only after at least a pound of power of divine yuan liquid that the injuries on my body are stabilized. The origin source has recovered a little, but it is still far from what it used to be when it was at its peak, or a lot worse. Such a huge consumption cannot be restored in just a few days. Even with a treasure like the divine yuan liquid, it is still not something that can be achieved overnight.”

A pensive look came over Ye Qingyu's face.

“The recovery is better than I thought it would be. I feel a strange force, which seems to be the power of the Phoenix Race. It seems that after the last Nirvana, the power of the Phoenix inside me had not completely dissipated. The recovery this time has some traces of nirvana? Or could it be, that the reason why I survived despite exhausting myself to this extent is because of this trace of Phoenix power? Hm, it's not right, it's not complete, it's not pure nirvana...”

Ye Qingyu vaguely felt that in his body there were many forces cooperating, and were somewhat disorderly. He originally thought that after he used the Nirvana rebirth last time in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss to refine the [Supreme Ice Flame], the thunder and lightning, and storm power into a wisp of Immortal aura, then the chaotic power in his body should be finally unified. But now it seemed like it wasn’t the way he thought it was.

“Roughly three days have passed, my strength has recovered to approximately less than one-tenth of its peak state. It will take about ten days to completely recover the loss of the source origin, but...” Ye Qingyu hesitated.

Because there was not enough time.

There were only four or five days left until the deadline of the assessment.

“What a tiring life...” Ye Qingyu gave a bitter smile.

If it was under normal circumstances, Ye Qingyu would certainly wait for his injury to fully recover. Now he had no choice but to recover along the way, hoping that the next few tests would be easier. Considering Ye Qingyu's current state, as well as the miserable state of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, where over half of them had died, it could be said that their combat strength had plummeted. After the conflict with the Black Moon Immortal Palace, the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps had suffered a disastrous loss, and this assessment really was problematic.

“However, no matter what, it is necessary to make the Black Moon Immortal Palace pay the price of the crime of killing a domain rating diplomatic corps. Even the large sects such as the Jade Pearl Sect and Tianqian Sect would not be able to shoulder this responsibility, I would like to see how the Black Moon Immortal Palace would deal with this.”

There was a frightening glint in the eyes of Ye Qingyu.

No matter what happened next, the Black Moon Immortal Palace would have to atone for their crime, because Ye Qingyu already had the most direct evidence in his hands that would leave the Black Moon Immortal Palace with no room to turn over.

He went into deep thought.

Ye Qingyu entered the restriction space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

There were two huge black battleships quietly floating in the vast starry sky-like pitch-black space. The various shining formations had all faded, and there was not the slightest brilliance. The formation cannons also lost thier previous deterrent force, and the dark cannon mouths were like a cave that had lost its vitality... The two enormous floating battle forts had completely lost all of their deterrent power, as though they were made of old dirt or stones.

And on the deck of the two battleships, there were countless disciples or experts of the Black Moon Immortal Palace who had their head hung low. At this time they were all drooping, sitting or standing where they were. Whether it was the Saint experts or ordinary disciples, all the power in their body had been sealed. They were no different from ordinary people. There were dozens of figures floating around the battleship, like drowning hen. After they had been struggling for a long time, they simply gave up and were like straws that drifted along the waves...

The disciples of the Black Moon Immortal Palace on the battleship decks could not help but exclaim out loud the instant they saw Ye Qingyu. Some people tensed up, afraid that Ye Qingyu would mercilessly attack, while some could not help but wake up. After all, the appearance of Ye Qingyu meant that there was room for negotiation, and that it was much better than being imprisoned in a dead world. If it goes on like this, a lot of people would go crazy...

Death was nothing to be afraid of.

The fear and loneliness of the unknown were the most terrifying.

The worrying of fate and the loneliness in the boundless darkness during a long period of time were enough to seal a person with the strongest mind, spirit and will. In particular, they could not cultivate in this space, and their cultivation was sealed; to them it was no different from death.

Over the past three days or so, the experts of the Black Moon Immortal Palace that were imprisoned here had done everything that they could to try to escape and to break out of the trap, but they failed in the end. There were two Saint experts that jumped out of the sides of the ship and eventually, unable to control their body, floated in the Void like straws.

“You... what do you want?”

“Young man, don't be impulsive, we can negotiate.”

“Bah, a scholar can be killed but not humiliated.”

All sorts of chaotic voices came from the decks of the two battleships, and for a moment, the thousands of experts of the Black Moon Immortal Palace all responded with a fierce reaction, but Ye Qingyu did not seem to care at all.

In his heart, the people of the Black Moon Immortal Palace deserved to die, especially those guys that had directly attacked the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. Not one of them was worth forgiving. Given the current situation, Ye Qingyu did not need to force them to confess. He simply needed to find a suitable time to hand them all over and then there would naturally be someone to figure out everything else. The Domain Alliance will have a way to verify the truth, whether it was searching the soul to reading the memory, or other more shocking methods.

What Ye Qingyu really valued was these two battleships.

If these two ancient ships could be integrated into the system of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, then whether it was for Heaven Wasteland Domain or the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, they would be a huge boost to their strength. And with the addition of these two huge ships, perhaps the assessment journey would become easier?

Ye Qingyu gradually formed a plan——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

