Chapter 605:


Chapter 623, The three great elders



“What? The Demon Spider Race has withdrawn their army?!”

A wild scream of joy and disbelief came from the South Facing Inn.

In the hall of South Facing Inn.

A young waiter standing in front of the crowd with a look excitement said, “Yes, the shopkeeper has just received the news that the Demon Spider Race has retreated!”

When Ye Qingyu heard the news, he nodded slightly.

The round-faced Prince Mojin had mentioned that he had ordered the withdrawal of the Devouring Heaven camp, it seemed that this matter was true.

He released the divine sense to investigate. The majestic consciousness power, like a tide, instantaneously diffused to the peripheries of Flowing Light City. As expected, he found that the Demon Spider camp fifty miles away had been cleared away. There was not the slightest shadow of Demon Spiders remaining anymore!

Ye Qingyu nodded his head at the crowd, confirming the news.

Ling Xiaoran, Heng Yugue and Scar-faced Jin, one after another, heaved with sighs of relief.

The lingering haze on the faces of everyone ever since the day that Flowing Light City was invaded, had suddenly vanished like smoke.

Heng Yugue tightly clasped Ling Xiaoran’s hand. Her face was lit with joy as she exclaimed, “Great! The troops of Devouring Heaven camp have retreated, the crisis of Flowing Light City is finally over!”

Ling Xiaoran tightly held his wife's hand back, sighing, “Yes, we can finally relax. The Demon Race troops have retreated, the people of Flowing Light City no longer have to be in a state of anxiety and fear.”

The waiter’s eyes rolled around, grinning, “The shopkeeper has another good news. We received information from the sect that the reinforcements led by the three great elders are already at Fragrance Plains. In probably less than an hours time, they will arrive at Flowing Light City.”

This news made the people who had just calmed down become excited once again.

“Here today?” Ling Xiaoran's face lit up brightly, laughing he exclaimed, “Haha, great, really great, two happy events come one after the other... When the three elders and the reinforcements arrive, even if the Devouring Heaven troops come again, we will have the strength to fight. There is no need to worry. Haha, Flowing Light City has nothing to fear!”

Hu Bugui belted out a hearty laugh. “Hahaha, it really is good news! It's almost time, we better go out to greet them, I also want to see the graceful bearing of the legendary three elders of the Immortal God Emperor sect!”

Ye Qingyu smiled and nodded, walking out the inn with Hu Bugui.

With a look of gratitude, Ling Xiaoran and the others followed behind.

The news of the retreat of the Demon Spider army, at this moment, was spreading like a prairie fire from the South Facing Inn.

The people of the city were overjoyed at the news. Countless people hugged together and cried on each other's shoulders. The day of release had finally arrived for them.

Ye Qingyu and the others flew out of Flowing Light City, instantly coming to the sky dozens of miles outside the city.

The next moment, a strange change suddenly occurred in the sky outside of Flowing Light City.

The layers of clouds in the sky were like white waves rolling over, and a vast expanse of aura diffused from the clouds, forming a tremendous pressure.

Ye Qingyu instantly sensed that there were three powerful Immortal Step experts in the midst of the surging clouds!

“The Immortal God Emperor Sect has been living in seclusion for many years, but it is still as impressive and must not be underestimated!” Ye Qingyu remarked in his mind.

It seemed that the so-called three great elders must be of the Immortal Step boundary.

In less than one second, when the distance between Ye Qingyu’s group and the white clouds were no more than ten meters away, everyone stopped their steps.

The white clouds faded away.

A troop of hundreds of people attracted the attention of Ye Qingyu and the rest.

They were headed by three imposing elders.

On the left was an old man in a long blue robe with a solemn presence, projecting a natural dignity and power. The old man’s forehead was plump and his face was radiant. His pair of white brows was long and reaching to the temples. His eyes, slightly raised, were as imposing as the glaring eyes of the guardian deity of an old Buddhist temple deep in the mountains. As he moved there was a rumbling of thunder along with the fluttering of his clothes.

The elder in the middle, dressed in a green robe, had kind brows and friendly eyes. His eyes were bright, his brows sparse and his silver hair was bunched at the top of his head secured with a jade hairpin. His thin face had been left with the traces of age, with deep lines of wrinkles deeply engraved across his forehead and outer corner of his eyes. With a faint smile on his face, his aura was calm and gentle, as amiable as the kind old man next door.

The old man on the right wore a black robe, and his stature was half a head taller than the green-robe elder next to him. His long grey hair hung over his back, his face was as angular as a knife and his eyes had eagle eye-like sharpness. Although he showed no expression on his face, his aura was like a million-year-old iceberg, as though telling others not to come near and almost making the air solidify.

Behind the three elders were hundreds of Heaven Ascension experts following after them.

They were of varying ages, dressed in different outfits,and  it may be assumed that in this long period of time, as the disciples of Immortal God Emperor Sect, they had been hiding in this world with various identities and playing different roles.

The hundreds of people were suppressing their aura, and by sight alone they looked just like the average person on the street, but when they assembled together there was an indescribable mysterious aura projecting from their body. They really were a force not to be underestimated!

“We pay respect to the three Shishus!”

Ling Xiaoran, Heng Yugue and the rest of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, upon seeing the three elders, darted over right away to respectfully bow to the three elders.

The middle white-robed old man smiled faintly in response, reaching out his hand, and a gush of five element force lifted them all up. “ You do not need to be this polite, quickly get up.”

His tone was like a warm breeze brushing past, and like the spring breeze rippling the pond, calm and gentle.

The people of the Immortal God Emperor Sect stood up straight, looking at the three elders with both excitement and respect in their eyes.

These three elders were all hidden experts with an extremely high status in the Immortal God Emperor Sect, and had been watching over the sect for a long period of time. They had unsurpassed authority and power, but never cared about secular affairs and only focused on cultivation. If it were not for the fact that the Human Race was in a crisis, they certainly would not have left the mountains.

Ling Xiaoran calmed his emotions, casting a sidelong glance at Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui. He immediately realized something, and hurriedly introduced them, “Seniors, they are the three great elders of the Immortal God Emperor Sect. This is Elder Li in charge of the Martial Arts Hall, in the middle is Elder Mo in charge of the Repository of Buddhist Texts, and on the right is Elder Xie of the Monastic Discipline Hall.”

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui nodded, bowing their heads slightly.

When Ling Xiaoran finished, he hurriedly bowed again to the three elders. “Shishu, this time Flowing Light City was rescued from danger all thanks to these two seniors.” As he spoke he pointed to Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui. “This is Senior Tianhang, and this is Senior Hu Bugui. The crisis of Flowing Light City was reversed because these two seniors appeared at the critical moment, and the hundreds of thousands of people of Flowing Light City were saved as a result.”

Opposite.

“Oh? Tianhang? In the rumours, the one who severed Devouring Heaven in one sword strike, killed the black spider twins within seconds, and transformed into a dragon to destroy the Demon Spider Prince Mojin into ashes, and the saviour who shook the Demon Spider Race with three swords, is you?” The Martial Arts Hall Elder Li looked at Ye Qingyu, not expecting the legendary person to be this young, his eyes flashing with a trace of amazement.

The eyes of the two other elders also fell on Ye Qingyu.

The handsome and extraordinary young man before them indeed was an Immortal Step expert from his aura, though only just reached the Immortal Step boundary. His image and strength was a little inconsistent to the mysterious master in their mind, who had successively destroyed the Demon Spiders and whose name had resounded through Clear River Domain.

“Three swords that shook the Demon Spider?” Puzzled, Hu Bugui could’t help uttered out.

Behind the three elders, the several youngsters of the Immortal God Emperor Sect also smiled.

“Yes, yes, as we walked through the city gate, everyone was talking about the incredible feats of Lord Tianhang...”

“Yes, yes! In particular, the mister storytellers in the teashop, every one of them was performing how you saved the people at the ruins of the City Lord’s residence and how you killed the Demon Spider Prince by yourself with beautiful songs and rich emotions. Even the scene of the Demon Spider Race fleeing was described particularly wonderfully.”

“Not only that, the shadow puppet stage at the end of the street was crowded with both adults and children, it was playing how you defeated the generals of the Demon Spider Race. It was vivid and realistic, like the scene was recreated.”

“There's more! Even the games and songs that children are singing have become the feats of Lord Tianhang...”

The several Immortal God Emperor Sect disciples all had admiration in their eyes as they in turn described what they saw on the way here.

“Oh, not only Flowing Light City, now the name Tianhang can be said to have alarmed the world. His name had spread all over Clear River Domain. In particular, the tale of the three swords that shook Demon Spiders had created an uproar in Clear River Domain.” The eyes of Elder Mo of the Repository of Buddhist Texts flickered with a trace of appreciation as he remarked, smiling.

“Correct, the news had been spread out long ago. The matters that happened in the city have already been heard by many major forces. Now, the Human Race and foreign races in the Clear River Domain all know about the legendary person who emerged in Flowing Light City.” Elder Xie of the Monastic Discipline Hall nodded lightly.

“To cause such a huge stir in Clear River Domain in such a short time, I thought this Tianhang must be a hidden old monster, who couldn’t stand aside and not save the desperate crisis. I did not think that...” The Martial Arts Hall Elder Li paused and did not continue, but what he meant was obviously that he did not expect Tianhang, whose name had spread across Clear River Domain, to be such a young man.  “

“To tell the truth, many forces are already beginning to guess the background of Tianhang, and all kinds of rumors have emerged. There are different opinions and some are quite strange. Some said that he was born from a rock, some said he emerged from a beam of white light in the sky, some said he was born from the sky and some said he is the reincarnation of the divine dragon... There are many stories,”  a handsome young man in an ice blue silk robe embroidered with elegant bamboo leaves, who stood behind the Elder of the Reposotiry of Buddhist Texts,  said smilingly. He was recalling all the bizarre rumours that made him clutch his belly with both hands along the way.

“Yes, in the past hundreds of years, there have been many legendary people in Clear River Domain, but I have never heard of a person called Tianhang. When such a peerless master suddenly appeared, the major forces were all startled. All of the people and Demon Races were naturally very curious. Most likely that many people are now secretly investigating and finding out about Tianhang’s background.” Elder Mo smiled slightly.

In fact, after receiving the news from the South Facing Inn, they had also tried to investigate through the channels of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, but only to little success——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 606:


Chapter 624, Attack

“A terrifying expert had suddenly emerged in Clear River Domain. Many forces are trying to find out as much information as possible. After all, it is a very unusual time now. The will and force of such an existence is unignorable to any forces in the domain. So many people want to find out the background of this person called Tianhang, but... according to the information we have found out along the way, the major forces of Clear River Domain all still do not have any idea,” the Martial Arts Hall Elder Li said with a smile, casting a glance at Ye Qingyu.

When Hu Bugui and other people heard this, they couldn’t help but laugh.

During these days no one had left Flowing Light City. They were restricted by the Demon Spider Race, and did not pay too much attention to the outside world. They did not expect that the impact of one battle in Flowing Light City would be so great, and even more did not expect the fame and weight of Tianhang to be so tremendous already.

For a moment, everyone’s eyes uncontrollably fell on Ye Qingyu.

Ling Xiaoran, standing at Ye Qingyu's side and thinking about the real identity of Ye Qingyu, couldn't help but tremble inwardly. He was fully aware of the capability of the Immortal God Emperor, even if they could not find out about Tianhang’s background for now, sooner or later they would be able to. Rather than passively waiting for the sect to find out, he thought he might as well tell them about Ye Qingyu's identity, so it would be easier to explain for Ye Qingyu and to clarify some things.

“Haha, elders and brothers, Tianhang is now famous across the world, but I think, you probably can't guess what Senior Tianhang’s true identity is...” finally making up his mind, Ling Xiaoran said with a strange smile.

“Oh?” Elder Li said thoughtfully, “Could there be some secret?”

When the other two elders heard these words, they began to study Ye Qingyu once more, and vaguely they felt that, although the young man really had a matchless aura, they seemed to have seen him somewhere before.

The line of sight of the other disciples and masters of the Immortal God Emperor Sect was also concentrated on Ye Qingyu.

The people that were able to come to support the Flowing Light City, not only were their strength extraordinary and they were the elites of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, whether it was intelligence or strategy, they were the best in their respective fields. When they heard Ling Xiaoran say these words, everyone deduced that the background of Tianhang was definitely not that simple.

When the atmosphere was good enough, Ling Xiaoran looked at Ye Qingyu, then at Hu Bugui, and finally clenched his teeth and said, “Actually Senior Tianhang's true identity, everyone must have heard of before. I think his portrait, everyone have also seen before. He is one of the visitors of Heaven Wasteland Domain that has provoked much discussion among the Clear River Domain, Ye Qingyu!”

“How could that be?”

“The evil member of Heaven Wasteland?”

“It's him?”

“How is that possible...”

“No way!”

Several Immortal God Emperor Sect disciples exclaimed right away.

This answer was one that they had never thought of.

The name ‘evil member of Heaven Wasteland Ye Qingyu’, they had heard before, and they had even seen Ye Qingyu's portrait through the sect's communication channel. But in each person’s memory and impression, the evil member of Heaven wWsteland was not that important of a person and his strength was nothing special. The Greater One Sect had ordered his arrest and he had been fleeing in the Greater One mountain range, and was not considered an important expert at all.

Because of these reasons, even if some disciples of the Immortal God Emperor Sect had thought that Ye Qingyu looked somewhat familiar to the person in the portrait, they simply brushed away this idea because it was almost impossible.

But...

After the initial great shock, the Immortal God Emperor Sect disciples all fell silent.

While the three unfathomable elders, from their body, suddenly there was a tyrannical aura that made one shudder.

Six lightning-sharp eyes seemed to be trying to pierce through Ye Qingyu.

Compared to the disciples of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, their status was much higher, thus they understood more things and were clearer on the situation. Although the Storm Sword Duel gathering was said to be destroyed as a result of the invasion of the Demon Spider Race, but the real insiders all knew very clearly that the coronation ceremony that the Greater One Sect had painstakingly planned was, in fact, destroyed by the Heaven Wasteland Domain human called Ye Qingyu.

Even if the invasion of the Demon Spider Race did not happen, this Heaven Wasteland person would have destroyed the distinguished event that the Greater One Sect had been painstakingly planning for hundred of years.

Only the people who had knowledge of inside information would really understand how terrifying the young man called Ye Qingyu really was.

But even so, the three elders had never thought that the so-called Tianhang——who suddenly emerged like a comet streaking across through the sky, the peerless expert who shook the entire Clear River Domain, and the existence who had been compared by many major forces to the strongest expert of Clear River Domain, the master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect, was unexpectedly the Ye Qingyu who destroyed the Greater One Sect's plan.

This was... kind of interesting.

The eyes of Elder Li of the Martial Arts Hall and Elder Li of the Repository of Buddhist Texts unconsciously grew serious.

Because if the result were to spread out, then it would most likely have a huge impact on the entire Clear River Domain.

And Elder Xie of the Monastic Discipline Hall, his eyes under his ash grey sword-like brows, were gradually surfaced with a dazzling bright light.

The atmosphere suddenly had become somewhat strange.

The awkward atmosphere was like autumn frost and cold wind swirled around everyone present.

Ye Qingyu also felt the change in atmosphere right away.

He wore a faint smile on his face, and his expression was extremely calm.

He also did not blame Ling Xiaoran for exposing his identity because he knew very well that Ling Xiaoran did this for his own good.

The breeze was blowing gently.

The white clouds were silent.

The young beautiful Heng Yugue swept her eyes across the faces of the three elders, then looked at her husband and finally Ye Qingyu, as a trace of worry twisted her delicate oval face. She knew what she should do, and finally could not help gently clearing her throat and tried to speak. “Cough... Three elders, actually those are rumors... it was the Greater One Sect...”

Her words were somewhat broken and she was stammering.

This was because she was facing the three unfathomable great elders of the sect. For a moment, her thoughts were disorderly and even her speech was not well organized.

Heng Yugue stammered, under the gaze of the hundreds of fellow disciples and elders, there was an unprecedented nervousness. It was most likely that even when she rescued Elder Zheng on the execution platform she was not as tense as she was now, for fear that these disciples would misunderstand Ye Qingyu because of some rumors.

But——

Elder Xie of the Monastic Discipline Hall waved his hand.

Heng Yugue did not dare to say anything more.

In the Immortal God Emperor Sect, Elder Xie was famous for being stern.

Perhaps due to being in charge of the Monastic Discipline Hall for countless years, Elder Xie was always serious in speech and manner, his complexion was like black iron and there was always a cold, stern aura projecting from him. Even people of the Immortal God Emperor Sect were very afraid of him. Moreover, Elder Xie had always hated evil as if it was his enemy, has a fiery temper, and was never lenient on martial artists who had a bad reputation.

So when Elder Xie gave a wave of his hand, not only Heng Yugue, even Ling Xiaoran did not dare to open his mouth.

If they forcibly tried to explain, it would only backfire and fuel the flames.

On the other side, when Chen Zhengliang saw that the situation did not feel right, and since he was not part of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, he had no hesitation of speaking out, “Yes, yes, that's right, the rumors are not credible. Elders must not misunderstand, senior Ye is really a hero who wholeheartedly tried to help the citizens. I ask elders to not listen to the rumours. These days we have been fighting alongside senior Ye, and we understand him the most. He had repeatedly fought with all his strength to protect Flowing Light City and to save the hundreds of thousands of people in the city...”

Elder Xie once again fiercely waved.

A heavy terrifying aura diffused out from his burly body.

Chen Zhengliang was about to continue when he suddenly felt the air around had solidified and was unable to open his mouth.

“Young man, are you really the visitor of Heaven Wasteland Domain?” Elder Xie's long blade-like brows were raised.

Ye Qingyu nodded, without trying to explain anymore. Standing with a face of clear conscience, he looked right into Elder Xie's lightning-sharp eyes.

In his eyes, his expression was as clear as the mountain spring.

The next moment——

Swoosh!

A burst of light overflowed from Elder Xie’s eyes, and before the other people could react, he had unexpectedly thrust his palm out.

The palm print resembled mysterious jade, glistening brightly.

At a crazy speed, the wind whistled and the force was as though slicing through gold, the lightning-like palm print aimed at Ye Qingyu’s chest.

“Huh...”

Ye Qingyu was slightly startled, but his reaction was not at all slow.

He stood where he was, almost punching out at the same time.

The fist print was like thunder.

In a flash, the fist and the palm collided.

Bang!

Muffled noises sounded.

There was only a slight vibration rippling between the fist and palm.

The reactions of Ye Qingyu and Elder Xie were almost exactly the same, standing straight and motionless in the void. Only their upper bodies were swaying gently.

A suffocating aura, at the moment of collision between the fist and palm, flashed across. The people present only felt as though there was something terrifying blocking their heart, firmly pressing and then suddenly loosening, that made their hearts beat faster than before.

It was the terror of the eruption of aura in a battle between experts.

Elder Xie’s face flickered with a strange glimmer, closely staring at Ye Qingyu.

On Ye Qingyu's fist, traces of purple light currents lingered for a moment before slowly vanishing under the skin, his aura remaining calm and peaceful.

Everyone’s heart, at this moment, jumped to their throat——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 607:


Chapter 625, Banquet



Ling Xiaoran anxiously clenched his teeth and was about to step forward when at this moment——

“Wait a minute...”

There was a slight trembling voice that sounded out.

A crooked figure with grey, grizzled hair, leaning on a half-man-tall dove-headed cane was stepping out of the air. Although he was a bit slow, but he eventually still very firmly stood in front of Ye Qingyu.

It was the kindest man of Flowing Light City, Elder Zheng.

The old man had sustained severe injury during the disaster of Flowing Light City, suffered the cruel torture of the Demon Spider Race, and wounded his source. Although he possessed a cultivation base, he was not a martial arts expert. After the torment, his blood and qi were greatly damaged, and in this period of time, in order to think of ways to protect the city, he had exhausted his brain. Having experienced all of this, the old man was in a state of extreme weakness, even panting from saying a few words.

Someone had suggested Elder Zheng to stay in the city to rest to avoid expending yuan qi.

But the stubborn old man insisted to personally come to meet the Immortal God Emperor Sect experts who came to protect the Flowing Light City.

At this moment, as he stepped out, his thin crooked body was trembling as though he could be swept away by the wind at any moment.

But in Ye Qingyu’s eyes, the old man was as solid as a steel wall, shielding him and did not move in the slightest.

“Three elders are all important people of the Imperial God Emperor Sect, are martial arts experts well known throughout Clear River Domain and have made a name for themselves hundreds or even thousands of years ago. You are older than I am, more senior than me. Moreover, the Immortal God Emperor Sect had saved the Human Race one thousand years ago. Supposedly, I should not contradict you...” Elder Zheng cupped one fist in the other, slightly bowing his body, his aged and gaunt face revealing a dignified expression.

At this point, he took a deep breath, then very firmly continued, “But I, today, have to say a word for Little Ye...”

When Ye Qingyu heard these words, a strange warmth gushed from the bottom of his heart.

He closely listened to Elder Zheng continue in a sonorous voice, “I, this old man, have understood the situation. Ye Qingyu is from Heaven Wasteland Domain, who mistakenly stepped into our Clear River Domain. Although I do not know what happened in Greater One Sect, but these are all just baseless accusations and rumours.” At this point, Elder Zheng, because of anxiousness, his blood and qi was bubbling inside, his voice trembling, but his face grew even more serious as he looked the several elders in front in the eye. “From what I saw, I can feel that Ye Qingyu is absolutely not an evildoer, but a Human Race hero. In Flowing Light City, he defeated Devouring Heaven Demon General and killed the black spider twins to save the citizens of Flowing Light City. And on the city walls, I clearly saw that in order to withstand the Prince of the Demon Spider Race, he was blood-soaked, riddled with scars, his breathing was weak and he was on the verge of death. These were what I and the tens of thousands people of Flowing Light City saw with our own eyes. He really is a good person, the hope for the rise of the Human Race...”

Besides getting worked up emotionally, Elder Zheng was repeatedly coughing.

Upon hearing this, Chen Zhengliang, Ling Xiaoran and other people also nodded one after another, taking the opportunity to speak up and explain for Ye Qingyu.

All the people of Flowing Light City were stirred up for a moment.

If they could, they hoped to use all the words and actions that can be used to prove to the people who have misunderstood Ye Qingyu, that he was absolutely not the evil person who would commit any imaginable crime. Instead he was courageous, intelligent, and a gifted Human Race warrior and martial genius.

Ye Qingyu rolled his eyes across, noticing the gaze and figure of all people, a different kind of emotions began surging in his heart.

In fact, he had always believed that a clean hand needs no washing, the truth will speak for itself, so he was not anxious to explain anything. Time will naturally prove everything. If the three elders of the Immortal God Emperor Sect must denounce him, then he also has no choice but to defend himself.

But the people of the Flowing Light City, who had been fighting alongside him, still stood beside him at this time, had full trust in him, and even spoke up to the elders of the Immortal God Emperor Sect to explain for him. Such friendship, like a warm breeze, brushed Ye Qingyu’s heart.

Opposite.

Elder Xie looked stunned, stopping his attack.

The three elders looked at one another.

“Sigh, Junior brother Xie, for so many years, your fiery and impatient temper has not changed a bit.” Elder Mo of the Repository of Buddhist Texts was the first to speak, helplessly casting a glance at Elder Xie, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.

“This...” Elder Xie’s old face also revealed a rare hint of embarrassment. “Impatient, impatient...”

Elder Li of the Martial Arts Hall was the one with the highest status among the three, he shook his head and ran his eyes over the puzzled gaze, and finally his eyes fell on Elder Zheng. “This old man is right, my Junior brother Xie was too rash, he hasn’t explained clearly, that’s just his fiery temper, which has not changed a bit in hundreds of years. No matter where Tianhang is from, or what his identity is, what he has done absolutely deserves the admiration of the Immortal God Emperor Sect. How could some rumours affect our view of a Human Race hero... My Junior brother Xie has heard about Brother Ye’s three swords that shook the Demon Race. Along the way here he kept talking about how he must exchange moves with Tianhang when he sees him. Just now he just couldn’t control himself... He frightened everyone, Junior brother Xie why don’t you come over to apologize to Tianhang.”

Everyone heaved a sigh of relief when they heard these words.

Elder Zheng's expression finally eased when he heard this. His heart shrank back into his stomach, sighed, and said with a smile, “I see. I, this old man, is also too reckless, I didn’t find out about the situation beforehand.”

The crowd laughed.

Face a little red with embarrassment and his sword-like brows raised, Elder Xie came closer to Ye Qingyu and said with a cupped fist salute, “Brother Tianhang, I apologize, I was too impatient. Since young I was a martial maniac. I have also stirred up a few waves in Jianghu before. These years, although I have been living in seclusion and shutting myself away from the matters of Jianghu, but when I heard about little brother’s earth-shaking skills, I couldn’t control myself.”

Ye Qingyu faintly smiled and seemed to not care in the slightest. “Don’t worry, a martial artist’s road often only consists of cultivating alone, which is boring and tedious. To exchange moves with a master like Elder Xie, for me, is also fate.”

Elder Xie’s face suddenly lit up with joy when he heard this. “Haha, Brother Tianhang you also think so, this couldn’t be better. In fact, just now wasn’t quite enough, why don’t we find a chance later to learn from each other again.”

Ye Qingyu, “....”

This Elder Xie really was a martial maniac.

As they were speaking, the atmosphere grew more and more friendly.

Ling Xiaoran bowed respectfully. “Three Shishus must be exhausted from the travelling. Why don’t we return to Flowing Light City first."

Elder Mo of the Repository of Buddhist Texts nodded and exchanged glances with the other two elders next to him before he said with a smile, “Good idea, let’s head over to Flowing Light City. This is not a good place to speak.”

Almost at the same time, the news of the retreat of the Demon Spider Race and the arrival of the Immortal God Emperor Sect had spread through the streets.

The central square of the city was crowded with people from all around who came to celebrate. Like a sea of people, the square was bustling with people, the sound of cheering was like thunder, and the entire city seemed to be buzzing.

Ye Qingyu and the others had already returned to the South Facing Inn.

Because the people of the Immortal God Emperor Sect had been traveling day and night in order to get here as soon as possible, they had consumed a large amount of yuan qi, so after a brief chat, they all returned to their own room to recover and rest.

Under the arrangement of Ling Xiaoran, the three elders of the Immortal God Emperor Sect and the hundreds of disciples were temporarily settled in the South Facing Inn.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui, after changing their appearance, again went for a stroll around the city.

The retreat of the Demon Spider Race, for all the humans of Flowing Light City, was obviously a great news. It was only at this time that all the people were really beaming with happiness, and the shadow that had shrouded Flowing Light City for countless days had scattered. Along the way, they saw that every person wore a smiling expression and the entire Flowing Light City seemed to have been suddenly reborn again.

In the afternoon, when they returned to the inn, Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui received an invitation letter from Chen Zhengliang.

It seemed that Chen Zhengliang had arranged a banquet dinner to celebrate the city’s recovery.

The retreat of the Demon Race troops and the arrival of the Immortal God Emperor Sect reinforcements were both good news, and of course was worth celebrating. Chen Zhengliang also hoped to take this banquet opportunity to inject a shot of strength to the hearts of those who had suffered in the city. After all, for the city to really recover to its previous size and prosperous state would still need a long period of time. Chen Zhengliang hoped to take this opportunity to reunite the hearts of the people and continue to work hard together.

As Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui, the biggest heroes of Flowing Light City’s recovery, had the greatest influence, they naturally were on the invitation list.

After a slight thought, the two men accepted the invitation.

……



Night time.

Flowing Light City’s largest restaurant——Willow Lane restaurant was once again opened up for business after the repair.

Although it was unable to be restored to its former busy and flourishing state, but the brightly lit Willow Lane restaurant was permeated with the aroma of wine and food. Hundreds of large round tables had been set up inside and outside of the hall and the tables were filled with a variety of fragrant food. Although none were any rare delicacy, but for Flowing Light City that was currently relatively short on supplies, it was considered quite a feast.

When Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui arrived, the banquet had already begun.

The restaurant was almost packed inside and outside.

Chen Zhengliang had invited all of the people in the city to attend the banquet, and the tables were just enough.

Of course, the ordinary people were mostly seated outside, while those with a little status in Flowing Light City, provided great service to the city during the battle, the families of the heroes who had sacrificed their life in the war, and the hundreds of disciples of the Immortal God Emperor Sect were all arranged to sit inside the restaurant.

The appearance of Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui immediately caused a stir inside and outside of the restaurant——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 608:


Chapter 627, Discuss Domain Alliance again



As the saviours of Flowing Light City, the peerless experts that had fought in front of more than one hundred thousand people, the prestige of Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui was now almost like that of a deity. In particular, Ye Qingyu had became the idol of countless young men and women of the city. When the two people made an appearance, immediately inside and outside of the restaurants the people all stood up with all kinds of cheers and applause. The atmosphere instantly exploded.

Chen Zhengliang was a person with aspirations, and worked to a very high efficiency. As early as noon, he had begun to make Ye Qingyu’s real identity known through various channels. In particular, the true face of Ye Qingyu was released as a painting. So when Ye Qingyu appeared with Hu Bugui, a lot of people recognized him right away.

It had to be said that beauty was always more popular no matter where and when.

Obviously people would not be disgusted with Tianhang’s chubby and unattractive appearance, but at this moment, clad in a white robe, with red lips and a handsome face, he had no doubt that it made the people who crazily admired him even more enthusiastic. He was like a celestial being that had descended to the world and was more in line with the perfect image of a hero that countless people had in mind.

For a moment, sharp screams and cheers were like a spring tide.

Hu Bugui was initially shocked. After his reaction passed he cast an envious glance at Ye Qingyu and said in a low voice, “Damn, why is the little pretty boy more popular, shouldn't a man full of masculinity like me fit in more with the mainstream type in this troubled times?”

Ye Qingyu couldn't help laughing. “It's not because I'm a little pretty boy, but because I have strength.”

“You're really not modest at all,” Hu Bugui reminded in a serious voice, “When I first met you, you weren't like this.”

Ye Qingyu just laughed and didn't say anything else.

At this moment, Chen Zhengliang and some of the important men of the city came over to greet them enthusiastically.

“Senior Ye, Senior Hu, please take a seat!”

“I am really honoured to have two seniors here!”

“Great, really great, to be able to see the graceful bearing of the two Lords, I really can die without any regrets.”

In addition to Chen Zhengliang, many people also moved closer to Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui right away, evidently extremely excited.

Ye Qingyu smiled in response to every person.

After a brief introduction, Chen Zhengliang enthusiastically guided Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui to the seats of distinguished guests.

Hu Bugui ran his eyes across when he thought of something. He lowered his voice to a whisper to say something into Chen Zhengliang’s ear, “Little Chen, you have to prepare more of the aged wine of Willow Lane restaurant for me, Old Hu. I drink a lot!”

When Chen Zhengliang heard this, without the slightest hesitation he smiled and said, “Haha, there is a one-hundred-year-old wine cellar that wasn’t destroyed by the Demon Spider Race, and was especially opened for tonight. If senior Hu likes, I will send people over later to deliver a few jars for senior to try!”

Hu Bugui satisfiedly clapped his hand on Chen Zhengliang’s shoulder and said with a smile, “Then I will not be polite, haha!” With that, he went back to say to Ye Qingyu, “Brother Ye, later you have to try the fragrant aged wine, it definitely has a rare good taste!”

When Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui were seated, the wine flowed freely.

To tell the truth, Ye Qingyu was not very accustomed to such a lively occasion. On his cultivation path he mostly was alone, and even if he had friends, it had never been as bustling with noise and excitement as it was now.

But Hu Bugui was like a fish in water at such occasions and quickly assimilated to such a situation.

A moment later, the three elders of the Immortal God Emperor Sect also arrived.

There was another burst of greetings.

At this moment, the dinner banquet was considered to have reached its climax.

But obviously, the three elders were not very fond of such a noisy place. Having stayed for ten minutes the three got up to leave.

Elder Mo of the Repository of Buddhist Texts smiled at Ye Qingyu before leaving.

Ye Qingyu, after a thought, understood his meaning. And after notifying Chen Zhengliang and the others, he also got up and left.

In the evening when the lanterns were lit.

South Facing Inn.

The bright moonlight was flowing like mist, the breeze blew over the tallest floor of the South Facing Inn, and the attic floor offered a panoramic view of Flowing Light City on this dimly lit night.

Faint moonlight penetrated through the window, sprinkling across the attic.

In the attic, four figures were quietly sat cross-legged around a low rosewood table.

It was the three elders of the Immortal God Emperor Sect and Ye Qingyu who had left the banquet dinner early.

On the low table in front of them were five cups of tea leisurely exuding a delicate fragrance.

“It seems that Brother Ye is also not very fond of noisy places,” Elder Mo said grinning. Lifting up a white porcelain cup with ink panting, he gently took a sip, looked at Ye Qingyu, and smiled like an old fox.

Ye Qingyu smiled and nodded. “Too noisy, I’m not accustomed to it.”

“So young, but possesses such cultivation base and state of mind. What kind of domain is Heaven Wasteland Domain, I am really curious.” Elder Li of Martial Arts Hall did not disguise his curiosity towards Ye Qingyu. If it really were as the Greater One sect had said, that Heaven Wasteland Domain was an immature domain, then it really makes it a little hard for people to believe that such a domain could cultivate a peerless genius like Ye Qingyu.

“If Elder Li is interested, you can go to Heaven Wasteland Domain to see.” Ye Qingyu laughed. “Although it is a small domain, but Heaven Wasteland Domain still welcomes those who truly comes to visit with good will.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

