Chapter 593:


Chapter 611, The Second of the Three Swords that Shook Clear River

In the vault of heaven, clouds scudded across and Ye Qingyu stood proudly straight.

Feeling the pure energy coming from [Blood Drinker Sword], a light smiled curved his lips.

Although the [Blood Drinker Sword] was not considered as completely refined, the thick and huge sword body looked more like a huge door plank rather than a sword, but its formidable power was beginning to take form. In particular, the power of his [Blood Drinker Sword] and the power of the [Blood Drinker Sword] recorded in the bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart] were similar.

The so-called drinking blood was of course, drinking the blood of the enemy.

Although this was only an imagery, but at this moment Ye Qingyu’s sword seemed to really drink the blood of the enemy, and through the blood, it could absorb the enemy’s energy and then feed it back to Ye Qingyu.

After the sword killed Luo Xie, the energy among the remnant limbs and blood rain in the sky had completely turned into Ye Qingyu’s power.

Ye Qingyu could distinctly feel that, after purification by the [Blood Drinker Sword], more than half of Luo Xie’s yuan energy was fed back into his own body, and the rest seemed to be absorbed by the [Blood Drinker Sword].

At this time, there was a faint feeling of joy vaguely spreading from the sword body.

This emotion of happiness was also felt by Ye Qingyu. Like a newborn baby beginning to develop its mind, it was curiously gazing at the world and examining its Master, Ye Qingyu. There was a faint attachment and fondness.

Ye Qingyu gently flicked the [Blood Drinker Sword] body with his finger.

A distant sword cry passed into the ear.

It was [Blood Drinker Sword’s] first battle, but he was very satisfied with the result.

If he waited until the [Blood Drinker Sword] was completely refined, how much more powerful would it become?

Ye Qingyu was surging with fighting spirit.

He looked at the Ruthless Prince Mofeng and the other Demon Spider experts opposite, and distantly pointed to them. He deliberately revealed an undisguised scornful look. “Such a useless person dared to challenge me? Such negligible strength is not enough for me to offer to my sword... Haha, he really let me down. Is there no other people in the Demon Spider Race, who will come to die next?”

Opposite.

“What?”

“Impudence!””

“Too arrogant...”

Behind the Ruthless Prince, the Demon Spider experts flew into a rage when they heard what was said, casting a baleful and gloomy look at him.

Their fists were clenched, their knuckles turned white, and their veins popped.

A restless aura was flowing around the Demon Spider experts.

The killing intent within the Ruthless Prince Mofeng’s eyes had frozen into ice, and at his feet were black demonic clouds ferociously tumbling. He was like an ancient beast exuding a violent aura.

Looking at the arrogant human opposite, the Ruthless Prince knew the opponent was intentionally provoking them, but a difficult-to-contain anger still broke out.

If he did not kill this human expert today, he would lose face completely.

Especially since in the huge tent behind, there was the round-faced Prince who he had never got on with. If he had embarrassed himself, he would feel as though he was nailed to a pillar of shame.

But he mustn’t do it himself.

In the absence of absolute certainty, the cunning Mofeng still maintained a trace of rationality.

In the end, he decided to choose another way to kill this human.

“Heavenly Divine Star formation! Kill him for me!”

As his voice faded, the hundreds of Demon Race experts behind immediately shot out fifty beams of light. Like a swarm of bees, sweeping across the night sky at an extremely rapid speed, and flying to the direction of Ye Qingyu.

Dark night.

Flowing light.

In a flash, fifty Demon Spider Race experts pierced the void like meteors, fully surrounding Ye Qingyu from all sides.

Over fifty figures stood into position in the void in an extremely strange manner. It was seemingly disorderly as they occupied different positions, and chaotically scattered, but it also seemed to coincide with some kind of unfathomable law of the heaven.

At the brief moment of the formation taking shape, the light rays of the whole night were distorted.

The fifty Demon Race experts were completely isolated with Ye Qingyu’s aura. The figures were blurred and illusory like a reflection in a pond when wind breezed across through the water.

A vast expanse of aura came from the direction of the large formation.

A tremendous pressure came from the high altitude, and a majestic ocean-like murderous spirit suddenly erupted, like a blast of qi was engulfing up a tremendous mass of black demon cloud and began to cause devastation, casting a large shadow on the ground.

“Huh? Battle formation? That’s interesting.”

Ye Qingyu came to understand.

A large force must have a battle formation. This was something that everyone knew.

Thinking back to the beginning, even in the Snow Empire, the Right Minister, the  Prince, and the other forces all had their own battle formation that gathered the strength of all to bring out a power greater than the number of people. This was the power of a battle formation.

Just that these kinds of battle formations, whether it was the power or the level of mysteriousness, they obviously cannot be compared to the battle formation of a major force like the Demon Spider Race.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] slightly quivered in Ye Qingyu’s hand.

It seemed like it was breathing, the brilliance that it was emitting flashing in Ye Qingyu’s hand, like a dormant beast.

Ye Qingyu was calmly observing the formation made up of fifty people in deep thought.

He knew that this battle must not drag on. If he was contained by this strange formation, then the remaining experts of the Demon Spider Race would surely take the opportunity to attack Flowing Light City!

Except for Hu Bugui, the people of Flowing Light City, including Chen Zhengliang and the other martial artists, were all seriously wounded and did not have the strength to continue to fight. Even though Hu Bugui was strong, two fists cannot withstand many opponents. Moreover, the opponents were a Demon Spider Race Prince and hundreds of Demon Spider Race experts!

This battle must end soon!

Just as he was in deep thought, the scene around him all of a sudden began to change.

Dark waves were surging, stars and clouds moving up and down.

The illusion of the battle formation that formed in an instant was so real that it resembled nature itself. The dark night sky, the wide land and distant mountains, as well as the number of Demon Spider experts around him suddenly all disappeared and were replaced by a vast dark cosmic void. There seemed to be some mysterious force that suddenly triggered the power of the stars. In the dark night there was seemingly a river of stars flowing, creating a system of their own, making one reveal its true colours.

This is?

Ye Qingyu was stunned.

He felt as though he had fallen into a boundless cosmic void. There was a huge star floating and flickering in the boundless expanse of the sky, and between the big star were clouds and stars surging, the atmosphere strange and wonderful. It was simply unfathomable.

What was most frightening was that in the space between the night stars there was a mysterious repressive force endlessly making its way towards Ye Qingyu.

“Is this the battle formation of the Demon Spider Race?”

Ye Qingyu said thoughtfully.

Swoosh!

He waved his sword.

A beam of white light drew across the hazy night sky in an arc.

The sharp sword qi at this time sank into the night, disappearing with no hope of returning, and did not even stir up the slightest ripple.

Just then——

Swoosh!

Between the surging of stars and clouds, a huge fireball-like star wrapped in bright red light sped towards Ye Qingyu.

The menacing giant star completely covered the space in front of Ye Qingyu. At this moment he was like a very insignificant ant in a vast expanse of the starry sky.

Ye Qingyu firmly gripped the [Blood Drinker Sword] and fearlessly struck with divine strength.

Bang!

The huge star collided against the [Blood Drinker Sword] with crushing force.

The loud boom, like a real sonic shock, stirred all the stars and clouds in the vast sky.

The celestial bodies that were originally moving up and down suddenly were fiercely vibrating. Black clouds rolling over and waves were springing up everywhere, constantly swallowing the void.

After a few moments.

Boom!

A faint violet light suddenly emerged from [Blood Drinker Sword] in Ye Qingyu’s hand and struck the giant star flying.

The rapidly retreating star suddenly was gone, disappeared in the mass of clouds and completely concealed its luster.

And Ye Qingyu was sent reeling back from the force of the hit, his arm going numb and blood overflowing from  his mouth.

No!

This power...

Ye Qingyu was shocked.

The power contained in the star was incomparably powerful. Even with Ye Qingyu’s current physical strength and divine powers, he unexpectedly also faintly felt that he was no match for it. The impact of the collision between [Blood Drinker Sword] and the star was instantly sent back to Ye Qingyu.

And within this strange and mysterious formation, there was faintly the power of the Law of Heaven.

This power was comparable to the power of an Immortal Step expert. But not just any Immortal Step expert, an expert at the fourth stage.

The battle formation was indeed mysterious.

He coldly and quietly scanned the undulating stars in sight.

“Can’t just look at it with the eyes...” Ye Qingyu closed his eyes slightly and did not panic at all.

His consciousness power was in operation.

An imposing consciousness power similar to a vast ocean slowly spread out from Ye Qingyu’s body, shrouding the formation.

Ye Qingyu's current consciousness power, which can be said to be at the ninth Immortal Step stage, was incomparably tyrannical. The substance-like consciousness power was violently surging and rolling over like waves. These layers upon layers of qi waves were seemingly about to extend over the horizon, and constantly agitating the black clouds.

The world, under the illumination of the consciousness power, became clear.

Everything was vivid and clear.

All illusions had vanished all of a sudden.

The positions of the fifty experts around him in the night sky became incomparably clearer.

And those so-called stars were not real. In fact, they were actually an illusion created by the Demon Spider Race’s formation.

Ye Qingyu held his breath in deep concentration, carefully studying the mystery of the formation. He all of a sudden seemed to have captured some information.

What a profound formation!

Ye Qingyu’s gaze scanned the void, understanding the trajectory and movement of the formation.

“Interesting... if it was a few months ago, I most likely would have been trapped in this formation till death, but with my ability now, to completely break through this intricate formation is not completely impossible...”

Ye Qingyu analyzed the formation in his mind.

“However, if I was to find the flaws and follow the convention, then it may have to take two or three hours. I cannot be trapped here for such a long time. I cannot wait... otherwise... If I were trapped for two or three hours, the Demon Spider army will launch a massacre, then it will be too late...”

Ye Qingyu was preparing for an attack on the formation while making his analysis.

If that’s the case, then I can only...

In Ye Qingyu's eyes there flashed a resolute and cold light as he made a decision.

He looked down at [Blood Drinker Sword] in his hand, and lightly stroked the blade like he had decided something.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh!

Several beams of white light pierced the void in an arc-like shape.

Ye Qingyu leaped up, striking out at a particular gap between the black clouds and stars with an extremely tyrannical move——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 594:


Chapter 612, The Second of the Three Swords that Shook Clear River (2)

This sort of chaotic, unrhythmic final struggle, like an arrow at the end of its flight, made the people of Flowing Light City, who were eagerly paying attention to the battle in midair, tremble all over and did not even dare blink their eye or breathe.

Clang!

Among the black clouds, an illusory image suddenly stretched out half a spear’s length. The spearhead was half a meter long, and the tip was glowing with a piercing coldness, piercing into Ye Qingyu’s shoulder.

A fist-sized hole appeared above Ye Qingyu’s left shoulder.

Right there!

Swoosh!

Ye Qingyu swung his sword in a slashing motion. The sword qi did not penetrate into the black clouds, and there was no movement, but the black clouds were faintly rippling.

As expected!

Ye Qingyu’s eyes flashed.

In a flash, the black cloud shadows had alternated several times with the Demon Spider expert’s spear, constantly striking and causing jets of blood to gush out from Ye Qingyu’s body.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh.

Ye Qingyu was like an insensitive machine that was drawn into a deadly sea, unaware of any pain.

He was constantly searching for the right time to strike the shadow in the void that was lunging a spear at his body.

Countless sword qi were violently overflowing, the surrounding black clouds were surging like waves.

As if time and space had frozen, and as if the stars in the universe had already revolved around thousands of times.

After several seconds.

After being subjected to thousands of sword strikes, a rippling dark cloud finally began to condense into a thin ice-like substance, and the cracks in the substance was like a cobweb spreading.

Amongst the stars and black clouds.

A spear-wielding Demon Race expert had panic all across his face, his breathing disorderly, and blood overflowed from his mouth.

The deadly sword qi that destroyed everything in the way had only wounded him with a minor injury.

And the next moment he immediately restored to a stable breathing, and the shock he felt also gradually settled.

Opposite.

Ye Qingyu’s aura was weak, his body was dripping with blood, as if he had been soaking in a pool of blood.

A number of shocking scars covered his body, winding and twisting. Many of the wounds that ruptured after the impact were bone-deep, jets of blood spurting out.

His figure quivered slightly.

The people of Flowing Light City cried out in shock, their eyes brimming with tears.

Like he was almost at the end of his life after being hacked thousands of times, Ye Qingyu’s lonely, faint figure, at this moment, in the eyes of all people, appeared extremely tall, matchless, and tragic.

And through the thousands of strikes, Ye Qingyu was able to clearly feel the mysteriousness of the formation.

The fifty different experts were seemingly unrelated, but in fact their strength had been combined. The strength that any one of them possessed was the combined cultivation and yuan qi strength of the fifty experts.

And if they were attacked, even if it was a severe injury, it would be distributed amongst the fifty people.

In this way, a severe wound, for the fifty people in the dark, was just like a minor injury.

Inside the formation, Ye Qingyu, who was rapidly gasping for breath and wheezing, revealed a trace of exhaustion.

This scene allowed the fifty Demon Spider experts that were constantly changing positions in the void to finally breathe a sigh of relief.

……

Time flew by.

Ye Qingyu had transformed into a bloody person.

He was dripping with blood all over, badly mangled, and was severely injured. He almost seemed like he had been sliced thousands of times, and as if the next moment his body will be split into pieces.

The Ruthless Prince, who watched from a distance, was slightly relieved.

The Demon Spider experts that set up the formation also felt slightly more relaxed.

Between the stars in the north-eastern direction.

“Kekeke... you're dead...” a sinister laugh sounded.

Among the large formation, the Demon Spider general who questioned Tong Wen earlier could not cover his happiness when he saw that the situation had been set and victory was at hand. A strange laugh sounded from a shadow.

Now!

Ye Qingyu’s eyes flashed.

He suddenly leapt up, and in the blink of an eye, a tyrannically sharp sword light suddenly streaked across.

A blaze of white light!

This sword was full of his true intention.

The sword light was like the moon, and compared to his previous strikes, was more solid. An even more imposing sword qi than before shot toward the black cloud where the voice sounded.

The reason he suffered all those injuries was to wait until the Demon Spider experts let their guard down and revealed a flaw in the formation.

With those words and laughter, a flaw also emerged in the formation.

That stupid bastard!

“Die!”

Ye Qingyu bellowed, like an immortal descending to earth.

This sword not only contained the peak strength of the [Human King Sword Mantra], but also the [Fifth Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way]!

In the distance.

Among the lumps of cotton-like clouds, there was a hundred-meter-long crack forcibly split by the sword qi.

The harsh dazzling white tip momentarily lit up the cosmic void and the black clouds subsided.

Where the sword power was, its imposing manner destroyed all obstacles in the way. It stirred the wind, and the night began to change colour. The entire formation was split into two.

“What?”

“This power...”

“No...”

“Heavens...”

The Demon Spider Race experts in the formation, for a moment, all cried out in surprise one after another. An unprecedented feeling of danger befell them, like there was an ancient beast staring at them. They could feel their hair standing on end and a chill running down their spine.

But it was too late to react.

The sword light had come crashing down.

Boom!

Annihilation.

Death had descended.

Where the sword qi was, everything was near annihilation.

The once large and impregnable formation, at this moment, was like a sandbank beneath a mountain torrent, instantly being destroyed.

Blood and flesh splattered everywhere.

Bones scattered across the sky.

More than thirty Demon Spider Race experts, like flames being blow out, were ended in a flash.

Only leaving behind dozens of demon qi drifting in the gaps of the clouds, like wisps of smoke curling in the air.

The sky was also torn by the sword light. The cracks that did not heal were like the scars of the sky.

Everywhere was silent.

There was not a single sound anywhere.

All the creatures between heaven and earth were staring in stunned silence.

How could that be?

Why would it be like this?

That sword, what sort of power does it have?

The spectators were all dumbfounded by this nature-defying power, so shocked that they were unable to speak.

All of the people shifted their gaze back on Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu stood in midair clasping his sword.

Because of the sudden eruption of this sword strike, his wounds were suddenly cracked open.

The innumerable wounds across his body were constantly jetting out blood, some were bone-deep. His flesh was badly mangled, like he was a dying person being fished out of a blood lake.

Even his body began to shake, as if the next moment he would fall down from the sky.

On the watchtower of Flowing Light City.

Chen Zhengliang was the first to snap out of shock to react.

Overjoyed, he went out of control. His yuan qi surged around his body as some of his wounds that had not completely recovered from the fight against Devouring HHeaven Demon General were splitting open and blood was seeping out. His lapel was also gradually stained red.

There was undisguisable joy within his eyes, while at the bottom of his heart was constantly intertwined with complex emotions of gratitude and guilt.

“As the guardian of Flowing Light City, I am so incompetent, and can only stand on the wall to helplessly watch Tianhang exhaust himself to fight.” Chen Zhengliang almost crushed his teeth, as though there was a mountain pressing on his heart that made him breathless.

Ling Xiaoran had a solemn expression on his face, and the writing brush in his hands was exuding a strange red smoke. The bones on his right hand that held the brush were distinct and the veins were visible. He was seemingly trying to restrain the anger in his heart.

He had already done his utmost to protect the citizens of Flowing Light City, but in the face of that fellow human, who did not hesitate to sacrifice his life, he could not help feeling shock, admiration, and also consider himself as being inferior.

On the other side, Heng Yuge’s eyes were glistening with tears, tightly clenching a silver hairpin that had been snapped into two.

On the most left, Scar-faced Jin was still speechless, his hands were clasping on the railing of the city gate tower which was already covered with cracks from the force of his palm.

And behind Scar-faced Jin, Elder Zheng was already unable to endure a long while ago. He was sat leaning against a wall, his right hand tightly clutching his chest. His eyes revealed the same shock and admiration and his heart was similarly filled with regret and guilt.

Only Hu Bugui looked relatively calm.

Although his expression was incomparably serious, but in his anxious and stern eyes there was a trust in Ye Qingyu that was revealed.

The trust in a like-minded brother who he had been through fire and water with, whom he had drank and chatted merrily with and who shares the same clear distinction between gratitude and revenge as him.

It was the confidence in the strength and cultivation of the person called Tian Huang after watching the Tea Garden battle, the chaos on the Storm Platform, and the countless battles during their escape, as well as the number of strange scenes of cultivation training in the Underground Moon Palace.

In the distance.

The open space under the watchtower.

The tens of thousands of people who had come together spontaneously were looking at the sky with a grave expression.

“Mum, is he going to die?” It was a child wrapped in a large cloak in the arms of a thin and weak young woman who asked his mother in a faint trembling voice.

The young woman’s face was tear-stained. She gently leaned the child’s head on her shoulder and gently rocked him from side to side. She dared not to look at the figure that was constantly spurting out jets of blood anymore.

She was surrounded by men and women, young and old, who were all teary eyed as they gazed solemnly at the figure in the sky like there was incomparable respect for him.

Just then——

On the watchtower.

“Brother Tianhang! Let me help you!”

“Me too!”

Ling Xiaoran and Chen Zhengliang finally couldn't restrain the surging emotions inside. They yelled out one after another, activating their strength, and were about to rush up to the void the next moment.

And Scar-faced Jin beside them also stretched his hand out into the void, grasping two long blades...

At this moment——

“Go back!”

In the sky came an unquestionably loud roar from Ye Qingyu.

The voice resounded across the sky, frightening the earth.

It was Ye Qingyu’s voice.

Hu Bugui immediately forcibly pulled back the several leaping figures.

In the sky.

Ye Qingyu’s figure gently flickered.

That roar was like an unquestionable military order, but also like the final howl of an expert at the end of his life...

Judging by his present aura, it seemed that the cold wind under the moon and stars could easily blow him away.

After the formation had been destroyed and disappeared, the hazy moonlight pierced the clouds again, casting a bright light onto Flowing Light City.

While Ye Qingyu, standing alone, and dripping with blood, his figure was more tragic, miserable...

In the air all around.

Even if Ye Qingyu was seemingly about to collapse at any time, the eyes of the remaining several Demon Spider Race experts that formed the Heavenly Divine Star formation were filled with fear, as though they were scared stiff by that sword attack just now and dared not come forward...

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 595:


Chapter 613, The third sword (1)

“Who dares fight again!”

In the vault of heaven, the voice of Ye Qingyu was so sonorous that it pierced through the clouds and split rocks.

His body was dripping with blood. He could not even distinguish whether it was his or the thirty experts that he had just killed.

Clang!Clang!

The sword cry was like the roar of a dragon.

Ye Qingyu revealed a tinge of contempt on his face.

His blood-stained [Blood Drinker Sword] was raised high into the air, pointing to the Ruthless Prince Mofeng.

“Who would have thought that an Immortal Step Prince is a coward that hides behind his subordinates? You’re just sending your subordinates to death, you want to use them to tire me out, too naive... I can tell your cultivation and your status are not low, do you dare to battle against me!”

High in the sky, Ye Qingyu said in a heroic tone of voice.

Opposite.

The Ruthless Prince wore a bleak complexion.

He squeezed the light ball in his hand, responding with a mocking smile and without a trace of warmth. “What are you, are you worthy of fighting against me?”

However, when he said these words, the corner of his mouth suddenly curved upwards and his tone took a sudden change. “However, since you can come out alive from the Heavenly Divine Star formation, you’re also considered a genius. This was a bit of a surprise to me. Since you are hell bent on death, I will give you the chance of a fair battle. But you must know that the power of my Demon Spider Race is not something a little Heaven Ascension stage human can match.”

When he finished speaking, the Ruthless Prince’s eyes were overflowing with killing intent and oppressiveness as he gradually came closer.

The brilliance of his black gold-plated totem armour was flowing. The overflowing black demonic qi had condensed into dense mist that curled around his body, like a ferocious ancient beast emitting killing intent, and his body of qi was fixed on the battered and bloodied Ye Qingyu not far away.

On the city watchtower.

The group of Human Race experts, upon seeing this scene, was both anxious and angry.

“Shameless, yet he dares to claim to be a Prince! He even used the tactic of several persons taking turns to tire the opponent out. Senior Tianhang’s injury had not recovered after breaking the formation!”

“Humph, the Prince of a Race takes advantage of the fact that Senior Tianhang is exhausted to challenge him, he is clearly taking advantage of his difficulties!”

“I already knew the Demon Spider Race is incomparably cunning, but did not expect that even an Immortal Step boundary Prince to be so despicable!”

“A fair battle is pleasant to hear, but why not wait until Tianhang has recovered!”

“Damn Demon Spider Race! Extremely shameless!”

“Those demons deserve to die... Senior Tianhang cannot fight now, or he would walk right into the trap of the Demon Race!”

Whether it was on the watchtower or in the city, almost all of the people couldn’t help but rebuke.

Everyone felt their that heart was beating out of their throat, and was so nervous that they simply couldn’t breathe.

Even the usually composed Innkeeper Ling Xiaoran was also anxious. Glancing at the other people around him, he couldn’t help saying in a worried tone, “The Demon Race is cunning and evil, do we just watch them treat Tianhang like that?”

At his side, the beautiful Innkeeper wife Heng Yuge knitted her beautiful brows, unable to conceal her inner worries.

Scar-faced Jin clenched both his hands tightly, and all of a sudden smashed his fist into the wall. “If this continues Senior Tianhang will sooner or later be exhausted to death, the situation is very dangerous, we cannot sit idly by. Even if it is no help and we are just throwing away our lives, we must win a little resting time and recovery time for him!”

Chen Zhengliang’s expression was serious, his hand clasped around the hilt of the soft sword at his waist when he said resolutely, “At worst we risk our lives to fight the Demon Spider Race! We cannot watch Tianhang brave the danger alone!”

Everyone had the impulse to act.

The kindest man Elder Zheng cast a glance over at Hu Bugui who had kept silent all this time.

With Tianhang gone into battle, the strongest Hu Bugui had the most powerful voice.

At this time, the great robber wore a very solemn expression on his face. Facing the gaze of everyone, after a moment of thought, he eventually shook his head.

He knew that since Ye Qingyu had decided in the beginning to meet the enemy alone, he must have a purpose and plan. Through his understanding of Ye Qingyu during the time that they had spent together and his usual behaviour, he knew that he often plans before he acts and his plans were always watertight. He must have a backup plan.

Now was the most critical time. If they rushed out, it would very likely disrupt Ye Qingyu’s plan.

But these words, he could not tell this to the crowd.

After a pause, Hu Bugui explained calmly, “Brother Tianhang does not want us to help out. He must have a plan, we must not act recklessly now... Think about it, the army of the Demon Race is still stationed fifty miles away. If we all risked our lives, what about Flowing Light City? Brother Tianhang’s painstaking effort will be wasted... Not to mention that, with everyone’s strength, to put it bluntly, you will be a burden and most likely can’t do anything to help.”

Everyone trembled with fear when they heard what was said.

The Demon Race army was fifty miles away watching them like tigers looking at their preys. If they were all held by the Demon Race experts in the sky, then the Demon Race army might seize the opportunity to invade and the hundreds of thousands of civilians in the city would face the danger of being buried?!

In order to take the bigger picture into consideration, the only thing they could do now was stay on the city walls and prevent the enemy from attacking the city!

Their eyes once again cast towards the figure covered in blood in the sky, their eyes filled with the highest of respect.

At the same time, Flowing Light City was restless.

Long before the war had begun, countless ordinary people had gathered on the square.

The people were crowded together to serve as support so that they no longer felt timid, and so they wouldn’t lose their dignity and backbone in front of the Demon Race.

They lifted their heads to look at the lonely figure covered in blood in the dark sky opposite a mass of black demonic clouds, feeling extremely anxious.

The people exclaimed in a low voice.

“Can he really fight against so many people?” Looking at the figure in the distance that was covered in blood, countless people asked the same question.

They exchanged glances and saw the anxiety in each other’s eyes.

“Does the heavens want to end my Human Race?” leaning on a walking stick, a grizzled hunched-back old man cried out tragically.

The frail body of the old man trembled and tottered.

The threatening imposing manner of the black demonic clouds that blotted out the sky made even the people in Flowing Light City feel as though they had fallen into an ice cave. What sort of terrifying pressure would the seriously wounded figure who had to face the Demon Spider Race experts at a close range feel?

The chubby and wounded figure was like a wall, a scar-laden city wall that had been through the changes of the world and might collapse at any time. Regardless of what kind of pressure it had to face, it still remained motionless and resisted everything, until it finally collapsed.

And what they could do was only silently pray for Ye Qingyu.

Among the crowd, a ten-year-old boy in ragged clothes, on his innocent face there was still a hint of belief.

He looked at Ye Qingyu’s figure in the sky, his eyes filled with adoration, muttering, “Will win! Senior, you will surely win!”

The young man’s arms that were hanging down the sides of his body suddenly clasped together in front of his chest and he prayed sincerely.

His first words were not audible like the sound of a mosquito.

But when it came to the second sentence, it was as resounding as a rock thrown to the ground, with incomparable belief and reverence.

The fear and worry among the crowd seemed to be affected by the youngster’s voice, and flames of hope were reignited in their eyes.

“Definitely going to win!”

“Yes, Senior Tianhang will certainly win!” ”

“Will win, will certainly win! Senior Tianhang is the saviour of our Human Race, nothing will happen to him!

“Yes! The savior of our Human Race certainly will not be defeated!”

More and more people were affected with the power of this belief, their eyes brimmed with tears as they knelt on the ice-cold ground to pray to the heavens, praying that Ye Qingyu can overcome the Demon Race and save the Human Race from calamity.

The grizzled man with the walking stick wiped away the tears with his trembling hand, then finally saw a bloody figure in the distance. He silently closed his eyes and slowly knelt down on the ground.

High up in the sky.

The Ruthless Prince Mo Feng coldly smiled, “Humans, today I will use your blood as offerings to the soul of the warriors of my race!”

Before his voice faded.

The Ruthless Prince drew a blade at his waist in a backhand motion.

The five-meter-long blood-coloured bone blade was producing a sound similar to metal striking one another and a sinister and frightening blood colour suddenly broke out.

The appearance of the scarlet light was like a blood moon had suddenly appeared.

The void shook. A bone-chilling coldness and cold killing intent tore apart the void like hurricanes and neared Ye Qingyu.

The Ruthless Prince swung his blade, his figure flashed like a stream of flowing light.

The sneer on his face was more hideous and frightening under the blood light.

Ye Qingyu, as through he was already exhausted, did not strike back right away. Instead, he just changed positions and merely avoided the Ruthless Prince’s tentative attack.

He spurted out an arrow of blood, his body tottered, and he faintly looked at the blood moon-like brilliance on the sword. He exhaled, “You want to use my life as an offering to the trash of the Demon Spider Race. I’m afraid you don’t have that ability!”

“Reckless, today I will let you know what happens to those that go against my race!” The Ruthless Prince Mo Feng sneered, aiming the blood-coloured bone blade at Ye Qingyu.

A strange demonic power erupted from his body, like a dormant ancient beast was awakened.

From his uncovered skin gradually emerged some strange markings and patterns, which slowly deepened in colour, and eventually developed into a golden blood-red colour.

Even his amour suddenly emitted a faint cold light.

The markings and patterns on his skin were like living creatures, spreading fully across his body, until even the icy-cold armour was gradually filled with strange scarlet patterns.

From afar, the Ruthless Prince Mofeng was like an ancient beast covered with blood lines, emitting a threatening manner. An invisible blast of qi spread outward from his side that impacted even the black demonic clouds behind him, sending it tumbling and raging.

“The Boundless Blood Flame strike... Human, die!” the Ruthless Prince bellowed as a powerful force gushed out from his body and penetrated into the blood-coloured bone blade in his hand——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 596:


Chapter 614, The third sword (2)

The scarlet brilliance of the Blood Bone blade expanded, taking the form of a huge blade-shaped halo of light next to the bone blade, blazing fiercely. The surrounding space began to constantly distort under the blood-coloured flames.

There was an incessant ruptured noise ringing in the ear, and after the distortion of space, the density of yuan qi in the space changed abruptly, triggering a small explosion caused by the ignition of the scarlet flame.

The next moment, the Ruthless Prince Mofeng swung his sword with a backhand motion into the air. The blood-coloured blade-shaped halo soared into the air, leaving a blade-shaped scarlet flame that blotted out the sky as it went whizzing toward Ye Qingyu.

The blood-coloured blade-shaped flame engulfed the sky.

All of a sudden, the night sky seemed to have been incinerated by the red flame.

Where the flame passed by, all spaces turned to vacuum. There was not the slightest fluctuation of yuan qi or aura. The space was twisted, and blood-red flames adhered to the cracks in space. It was incredibly strange, like a will o’ wisp of the netherworld!

Opposite.

Ye Qingyu, under such an offense, like a small boat in a sea of blood, seemed extremely small and fragile.

The scarlet flame almost engulfed Ye Qingyu in the blink of an eye.

But at this critical moment, Ye Qingyu acted.

A force that was not considered strong was suddenly injected into the [Blood Drinker Sword].

Buzz buzz.

Strange sword cries were heard.

The silent dark red markings on the [Blood Drinker Sword] all of a sudden came alive, like flowing lava, moving along the lines of the sword and gradually presenting a dazzling crimson red colour.

As the crimson lines gradually lit up the whole sword body, the [Blood Drinker Sword], like a dormant ancient beast being awakened, its imposing manner abruptly soared. As the crimson markings covered the entire sword, a strong attractive force broke out from the sword blade. Countless cyclones visible to the naked eye formed around the [Blood Drinker Sword], rotating silently

Something unbelievable followed——

The corpses of the thirty Demon Spider experts who Ye Qingyu had killed were scattered disorderly across the ground. But during the moment of the formation of the countless cyclones around the [Blood Drinker Sword], dense and strange beads of red blood began to surface from these Demon Spider experts’ bodies, flying into the air to where the [Blood Drinker Sword] was

Those beads of red blood were formed from the essence and blood of the Demon Spider experts!

The pure blood, qi, and energy formed into beads of blood were like raindrops flowing backward, and like a swallow returning to its nest, gathering towards the [Blood Drinker Sword].

In the blink of an eye, beads of blood covered the sky like a rain of blood.

The only difference was that the blood rain was assembling towards the [Blood Drinker Sword] in Ye Qingyu hand’s, flowing back toward the sky.

The scene was both enchanting and bizarre.

Everything happened at lightning speed, in less than the blink of the eye. The blood rain that filled the sky had all been absorbed by the [Blood Drinker Sword]!

Like an evil spirit, after feasting on the blood, the red lines on the body of [Blood Drinker Sword] were even more dazzling than before.

Upon a closer look, those patterns seemed to have become deeper and clearer, and some of the originally blank areas on the sword body were developing with some new markings!

Ye Qingyu cried into the air, drawing a deep breath.

He was able to clearly feel the surging power of the [Blood Drinker Sword]. He satisfiedly activated the [Blood Drinker Sword], drawing up the purest life force.

The majestic and pure life force passed from the [Blood Drinker Sword] and into Ye Qingyu.

The numerous bone-deep wounds on his body began to shift, pink-coloured flesh was growing at a speed visible to the naked eye, a faint glowing colour shining in those wounds. But in the blink of an eye, Ye Qingyu’s whole body of wounds had been healed. There was not a trace of injury remaining.

The fractured bones of his body were, under the supply of pure life force, also re-growing, springing up like spring bamboo after the rain, and becoming more sturdy and solid.

In a brief moment, he had reached his peak state once again.

The pure life force drawn from the [Blood Drinker Sword] was constantly cleansing Ye Qingyu’s body. For Ye Qingyu, it was as though it nourishing his meridians after a period of long drought. An indescribable joy could be felt from the depths of his soul.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu whose clothes were stained with blood suddenly seemed like an immortal, remaining aloof from the world.

He was seen gently raising his hand in a seemingly slow movement, but vaguely there was an ethereal feel.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] was lifted high with his hand gesture, the sword tip pointing to the sky.

Invisible sword qi silently spread out from the sword, leaving a clear ripple-like pattern in the air.

The mysterious lines and markings on the body of [Blood Drinker Sword] flashed a lava-like bright luster, and between the flashes of light were sharp killing intent breaking out from the air.

The blood-red bone blade had in the blink of an eye closed in on Ye Qingyu, but he swiftly swung the [Blood Drinker Sword] down at the oncoming monstrous flame in the direction of the Ruthless Prince Mofeng.

With the wave of his sword, Ye Qingyu and the [Blood Drinker Sword] merged into one, transforming into a stream of red flowing light that shot out.

The flowing light was like a huge red lightning that struck without the slightest warning, streaking across the horizon with a blinding red light.

Boom!

In that split second of the red lightning colliding with the light of the blood-red bone blade, an earth-shaking explosive sound ripped apart the vault of heaven.

The surging blood-coloured flame was like a thin piece of muslin in front of the scarlet lightning. The blade effortlessly cut a huge incision through it.

Everything happened at lightning speed.

Ye Qingyu did not leave any time to counter-attack or defend for the Ruthless Prince Mofeng

The scarlet lightning, after the tearing of the veil-like blood light, did not show the slightest hesitation or pause, and struck in the direction of the Ruthless Prince Mofeng with a thunderous force!

A fierce and blood-coloured gorge had almost split the Ruthless Prince Mofeng into two halves.

The Ruthless Prince’s complexion wildly changed, eyes filled with disbelief, looking down at the huge [Blood Drinker Sword]. He still couldn’t believe that his body would be severed in one move.

The man who was dying had wounded him?

Pain!

Bone-piercing pain!

The Ruthless Prince Mofeng only felt that the pain that made him feel despair had drowned all his consciousness.

A shudder from the depths of his soul was raging in the Ruthless Prince Mofeng’s heart.

More to his despair, he was shocked to find that the blood red light of the ferocious gully was surging, but there was not a drop of blood. All the blood were accumulating toward the [Blood Drinker Sword].

At this moment, Ruthless Prince Mofeng could distinctly feel that the blood, qi, and life force of his body were madly being drained away at a terrifying speed.

“This is...”

A lightning flashed through his mind.

The Ruthless Prince Mofeng suddenly remembered that the [Blood Drinker Sword] had drank the blood of Luo Xie entirely, and at that moment, the blood of more than thirty experts had been cleanly absorbed by this huge strange sword.

This huge sword was bizarre, it was a demonic weapon.

Buzz buzz.

As though it had felt the vigorous energy of the Ruthless Prince Mofeng, which belonged to the power of an Immortal Step expert, the [Blood Drinker Sword] automatically began to vibrate. Like a ferocious beast that had caught sight of a fat lamb. it was impatiently attempting to absorb the Ruthless Prince Mofeng’s blood, qi, and strength.

“Ah... Get lost!”

The Ruthless Prince was both terrified and furious, boundless fear and madness were erupting from his eyes.

The next moment he began to struggle wildly.

Discarding the blood-coloured bone blade to one side, Mofeng thundered, his left hand clenched into a fist, demon flames raged and wrapped the fist, and all his power was gathered in this one fist. With a loud roar, the power of destruction fiercely launched at Ye Qingyu who was still holding the stance of when he brought the sword down at Mofeng.

This punch was without any fancy gestures or showy moves.

But it gathered all the power of which an Immortal Step Demon Spider Prince had in his lifetime, and was thrown at Ye Qingyu’s face in the most direct and primitive way.

Ye Qingyu sneered.

“Haha, it is too late to retreat now, feel the power of [Blood Drinker Sword].”

At this time, he would never give the Demon Spider Prince any chance to open up the distance between them

Ye Qingyu’s right hand that was clasping the sword did not move a single jot, and at the same time he was operating the True Will of the Sky Dragon in his mind. His left arm flashed a silver brilliance, transforming into a huge dragon claw. At the very moment that his left arm was fully covered in dragon scales, the Ruthless Prince Mofeng’s huge fist was firmly wrapped in the dragon claw.

The powerful strength of the giant fist had only made Ye Qingyu’s dragon claw vibrate ever so slightly, and did not give the Ruthless Prince Mofeng any chance of escaping.

Witnessing the punch that had concentrated the majority of his lifetime of skill and power being counteracted with no difficulty, the Ruthless Prince Mofeng, who could already feel the threat of death, was both fearful and furious, almost losing his mind.

“Ah ah ah, I’ll kill you!”

He exhausted all his remaining yuan qi and energy to fight back.

His limbs were wildly waving about, trying to break free. The tremendous force in the air was unstably roaming about, leaving countless space cracks in the void. And within a radius of hundreds of meters, there was an abnormal fluctuation of yuan qi, masses of black demonic clouds tumbling in the air, and there was a sudden howling of wind.

Watching the fiercely struggling Ruthless Prince Mofeng, Ye Qingyu merely gave a cold smile.

“Beast, I said I will kill you today. Accept your death.” As Ye Qingyu roared, he frantically operated the True Will of the Sky Dragon, sending a majestic and overwhelming qi exploding in the air.

The next moment, a terrifying scene appeared.

Ye Qingyu’s lower body had unexpectedly, in the midst of the flash of silver light, transformed into a dragon shape.

The huge dragon tail was covered with silver scales, full of an endless visual impact, like a tremendous silver rope. The silver dragon tail gently moved and had already tightly bound the body of the Ruthless Prince Mofeng.

How terrifying was the power of the Sky Dragon.

At this moment, the Ruthless Prince Mofeng felt as though he was a fish that was desperately resisting, tangled up in a fishing net and could not break free no matter what.

With just physical strength alone, Ye Qingyu could effortlessly trap the struggling body of the Ruthless Prince Mofeng in the dragon’s tail.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] was still inserted in his body.

As time passed by, the Ruthless Prince was shocked to find that the strange giant sword had already swallowed nearly half of his power! ————

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

