Chapter 637:


Chapter 655, The Palace Lord personal training



Because Luo Yi, with one glance, already knew that the sword technique that Ye Qingyu had given him was incomparably exquisite, unrivalled, and far beyond his initial most optimistic imagination.



And more importantly, the sword technique contained the Dao, seeking after a realm similar to the Dao. It was a type of cultivation for a swordsman’s mind. There was sword and also no sword, the sword was in the heart to cultivate the heart!

As a martial artist who trained with the sword, Luo Yi understood that this realm of cultivation was incomparably mysterious, and cannot be achieved overnight. If one’s cultivation level reached the peak, then their power could almost rival that of legendary Immortal Step experts!



Although it was just a superficial reading, but as an expert of the sword, he had come into contact with many swords in his life. With just one glance he could tell how terrifying the Limitless Sword Way was. Although the text was simple, the inner meaning was extremely profound, and most likely more so than those ancient books of the legendary martial artists.



The brilliance on the blue-green jade scroll was fading slowly.



Luo Yi forcibly controlled his mind, awakening from the shock that the Limitless Sword Way gave him.



Although he wasn't holding a particularly heavy jade scroll, his hand was shaking incessantly.



“Thank you, Palace Lord. Lord's kindness, subordinate does not know how to repay you. In the future, even if subordinate needs to risk my life for you I will not hesitate to do so!” Luo Yi's voice trembled, as he knelt down, but there was incomparable determination.



Ye Qingyu burst into a hearty laughter upon hearing this, pushing his hand upwards and an irresistible invisible force lifted Luo Yi up. “Haha, the reason I transferred you to Light City is not for you to die for me, but for you to be a part for the future of Light City, for the Empire. No matter where you are, your duty is with the Snow Empire, and not I, the Lord of the Light Palace....Well, you should train without any burden. In seven days, I will leave the capital, you come with me. Later on you go back to say farewell to your family and come back to the Light City to train tomorrow.”

“Yes,” Luo Yi loudly answered.



His heart was being struck with excitement, he felt like his head was spinning around, and even his reaction was half a second slow. He who had always paid utmost attention to etiquette, unexpectedly forgot to address Ye Qingyu deferentially.



Ye Qingyu looked at the expressionless Luo Yi and could not help smiling.



Luo Yi's aptitude was not bad, and his personality was simple and kind like a newborn baby. It seemed that he did not choose the wrong person.

Then, Ye Qingyu issued an order to summon Gao Han into the palace. He instructed Gao Han to bring Luo Yi to receive his cultivation supplies, and then to familiarize him with the environment of the Light City.



Gao Han received the order and led the sluggish Luo Yi out of the hall.



……



Outside the main hall.



Two figures slowly headed down the bright white steps suspended above the Underground Fire Spring Sword Pit.



A green-clothed Gao Han was walking in front with a smile on his face while Luo Yi closely followed behind.



As they were walking, Gao Han said with a smile, “You should have more or less seen the layout of Light City when you came in. Later on I will take you around again to introduce you to everyone. The other matters are explained in the official seal. You can slowly familiarize yourself with them. Don’t worry, if there is anything that you do not understand, you can always ask me,” e explained very patiently.



Although he did not know why Palace Lord Ye would transfer this young Blazing Flame officer over, but Gao Han understood his superior very well. He never spoke without thinking, which indicated that Luo Yi must have some sort of special trait that caught Ye Qingyu’s attention for him to be favoured like that.

So Gao Han was also extremely polite to this newcomer of Light City.



But at this time, Luo Yi still had not completely snapped out from the surprise that the Limitless Sword Way brought.



Hearing Gao Han's words, he only nodded dazedly, until he suddenly realized that he was behind Gao Han and he could not see him nodding, hurriedly added, “Thank you for taking care of me.”



Gao Han slightly smiled. “You're welcome.”



Then, he took Luo Yi from the Underground Fire Spring Sword Pit, through the Fire Tree Woods, and then circled around the core area of the Light City. During that time he also introduced Luo Yi to Divine General Gong Gao Diping, Yang Henshui, Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling’er, Li Ying, and the others.



Besides being ecstatic, Luo Yi courteously greeted everyone. He was natural and dignified and did not lose his grace. Even Gao Han could not help but compliment the young man in his mind for assuming the role so quickly.



Gao Han then showed Luo Yi around the entire Light City.



In detail, he briefed Luo Yi on the role and significance of each region of Light City, as well as the matters to pay attention to. Whenever Luo Yi had questions, as long as it did not affect the prohibition and secrets, and were not matters out of Luo Yi’s scope for now, he frankly answered and did not hide anything he knew. He made the anxious newcomer Luo Yi much more relaxed and gave him a much greater understanding of the Light Palace.



Finally, Gao Han brought Luo Yi to a tall building in the core western area of the Light Palace.

Along the way, the majority of the halls where connected in rows, and only this palace was on its own, quietly standing tall on the spacious and empty square.



Luo Yi couldn't help guessing what kind of place this was.



Gao Han glanced at the puzzled-looking Luo Yi, and then explained with a smile, “This is the core treasury, after the reconstruction of Light City, all important materials are stored here.”

Luo Yi’s face lit up with understanding, carefully studying the treasury.



The treasury had three floors and looked plain and unpretentious, with only a few ornate decorations and windows compared to the average building. The front of the treasury was covered with two tattered wooden doors, with a rusty copper lock hanging in the middle.

Gao Han led Luo Yi through the square before the treasury, stopping before the entrance.



Just as Luo Yi was thinking what kind of key could open that rusty copper lock, Gao Han only gently gave a slight push to the door.



Creak!



The wooden door opened.



But it was not pushed open from the middle of the two wooden doors, Gao Han simply did not use a key.



Or rather he didn't need a key at all.

Because with a gentle push from Gao Han, the doors were slid open on both sides.



Luo Yi stared at it blankly, asking, “Lord Gao, this door was deliberately set up to mislead the enemy?”



Gao Han suddenly thought of something, an indescribable smiling expression surfaced onto his face, sighing lightly, “This door was broken by Lord's battle pet Little Nine. It had been repaired several times, but was destroyed after. In the end, the doors were simply made into a sliding door, and was not locked again.”



Luo Yi looked astonished, his lips trembling, but did not know what to say, and finally only responded with an embarrassed smile.



Gao Han had become inured to the unusual, guided Luo Yi into the treasury.



Although there was no window, the inside of the hall was very bright.



The main hall of the treasury was lined with more than ten rows of tall shelves, and the shelves were stacked with varying sizes of small boxes.



Gao Han removed a palm-sized box from one of the shelves, bringing it over to Luo Yi.



He gently opened the box, and a faint silvery glow emanated from the small box.



A silver wrist guard laid quietly in the box. It was carved with simple patterns and markings, looking plain but stylish, and without too much fancy and showy decorations.

Gao Han smiled. “This is the standard storage wrist guard of the Light City, inside there is a standard spirit-level armour, which is a product refined by the Palace Lord himself. You cannot find it anywhere else, even the imperial army does not have one. During battles, it can bring out a mysterious effect, you can try it yourself later. Also, you can wear it when you attend some formal occasions, but in normal days you can wear your own clothing. The other stuff are some resources for cultivation, besides divine Origin crystals, other resources can be collected every month, you can take a closer look.”

Luo Yi was once again astonished when he heard this.



Spirit-level armour and divine Origin crystals?



He doubted whether he had heard it wrong, but there was not the slightest joking expression on Gao Han's face.



Gao Han moved the box closer to Luo Yi and nodded, motioning him to take the wrist guard.

A little taken aback, he slowly reached into the box and took out the silver wrist guard, nervously slipped it onto his wrist, and then injected a trace of yuan qi into the wrist guard.



The next moment, he was stricken with amazement again.

There really was a sparkling and crystal divine-level Origin crystal in the wrist guard, weighing a full fifty grams!



In the past, all he used for cultivation were common Origin crystals. It was only until he entered the [Blazing Flame Battalion]n that he would receive a certain quantity of the highest quality of Origin crystal. He had only heard of divine-level Origin crystal before and had never seen one in person.



It was no exaggeration to say that the energy contained in fifty grams of divine-level Origin crystal was comparable to one hundred kilograms of the best origin crystals. Moreover, it was incredibly pure, more easily absorbed and refined. Therefore, it had always been a priceless treasure. Although he had just come to the Light Palace, he was allowed to enjoy fifty grams of divine Origin crystal; it was unbelievable!



In addition to divine Origin crystals, there was an exquisite silver armour.



The armour style was more of a light armour, constructed from a material similar to metal, but was very light and with no sense of heaviness, sparkling brightly all over. The critical areas were engraved with delicate decorative patterns, looking very beautiful.



Luo Yi careful examined it and found that the armour, although light and beautiful, secretly contained a certain kind of formation. There was an imperceptible fluctuation of yuan qi being emitted. Just as Gao Han had said, it was unmistakably a spirit-level weapon.



More importantly was that it was personally refined by Palace Lord Ye himself. It was definitely priceless, and most likely was only reserved for the use of people of the Light City and were incomparably rare.



In addition to divine Origin crystals and armour, the wrist guard also contained five hundred kilograms of the highest quality Origin crystals and pill medicines with various effects.

Looking down closely, Luo Yi smacked his lips incessantly.

It did not occur to him that the cultivation resources of the Light Palace were so much more extravagant than the [Blazing Flame Battalion], no wonder that the cultivation of anyone in the Light City was several times better than that of ordinary people. The degree of evildoer was one higher than the other, and it turns out that likewise, there were also such strong and solid resources!

After a long while, Luo Yi heaved a long sigh, resuming calm, and said in an embarrassed tone, “It is subordinate’s first time seeing divine-level Origin crystals, and lost my composure, please excuse me.”



Gao Han smiled, “Don't worry, these things are now yours, you accept it, as long as you work hard, these resources are not wasted.”



After that, he closed the box, turning around to put the small box back onto the original shelf.



“Come on, I'll show you out. We're done here for today, you go home first, come back again tomorrow morning,” Gao Han said, heading over to the door.



“Yes, subordinate understands.”



Luo Yi was still a little dizzy as he followed Gao Han and left the treasury together——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 638:


Chapter 656, An unforeseen event in the Luo residence



By the time Luo Yi stepped out of Light City, the last ray of sunset had gradually dimmed.



Walking alone on the street back home, the cool evening breeze blew against his face and his head was gradually cleared.



What he had seen today was simply like a dream, unbelievable to anyone.



Luo Yi thought so in his heart.



He looked down at the wrist guard, gently stroking it and feeling the material. It was only then that he was convinced that it was not a dream. There really was such good fortune falling onto him.



Luo Yi felt as if his head was beginning to spin again. He shook his head and drew a deep breath. Suddenly, he was eager to rush home to share the good news with his family.

On the cool windy night, as he was walking briskly, his figure gradually disappeared into the night.



……



The bright moon was hanging in the night sky, surrounded by a few sparsely scattered stars.



The clear and bright moonlight was like a gauze, shrouding the entire Snow capital.



On a street in the West of the city.



Under the hazy moonlight, the ground was sparkling with a faint blue and gold luster.



That mysterious blue and gold luster came from the slate surface of the ground. The slate material was some very precious fire stone. In other places this kind of fire stone could only be afforded by the wealthy families, while in the Snow capital, it was unexpectedly used as stone pavements. To think Snow capital had flourished to such a state!



There was yuan qi secretly flowing inside of the fire stone slates, adding a hint of mystery to the location.



Luo Yi's figure sped from the eastern part of the street from where the fire stones were paved to a mansion at the end.



At the gate of the mansion hung two palace lanterns, and the hazy lights lit up a sign behind, which was written with two powerful words: ‘Luo residence’.



“Almost home, hehe, in a moment, father and mother will be very happy to hear the news.”



Luo Yi saw the two lanterns hanging at the gate, feeling more excited. The lantern that felt dim to him seemed to be a lot brighter today.



He trotted towards his house.



From a distance, he suddenly saw an old figure anxiously pacing back and forth outside the entrance, glancing around from time to time, as though he was waiting for someone.



The person, who stood against the light, was a little crooked and was dressed in a coarse grey robe. His grey hair reflected silvery white under the lantern, and his face in the shadow looked somewhat old. Deep wrinkles ran over his forehead like waves, and his eyes were sunken. His turbid eyes were flickering with impatience and worry.

Luo Yi recognized the figure at a glance. He was the old housekeeper of their family——



Elder Fu.



“Huh? It's Elder Fu? Why is he waiting at the door, did something happen in the house?” When Luo Yi saw this scene, his chest tightened.



He quickened his pace and shouted over to Elder Fu, “Elder Fu!”



When Elder Fu heard his voice, his eyes darted over to Luo Yi. His face lit up and he scurried over to Luo Yi, pulling Luo Yi by the arm into the house without any explanation.



His aged face was contorted with worry, and as he was hurrying in he explained, “Young master, you've come back, something big has happened at home, follow me quickly.”



Confused, Luo Yi hurriedly asked, “Elder Fu, what's going on? What happened at home?”



Elder Fu sighed, “Well, an hour ago, Lord Gu came with Madam Gu and Miss Gu to our mansion to break off the marriage engagement! It's almost been an hour, Madam and Master are anxiously waiting for you, young master!”

Luo Yi beautiful's eyebrows were slightly knitted together in puzzlement.



Break off the engagement?



Why did they want to break off the engagement?



What was the Gu family doing?



For a moment, the scene half a month ago surfaced in his mind.



At that time, Luo Yi had just been promoted to captain of the seventh division of the [Blazing Flame Battalion], and had not formally taken on the job yet.



In the eyes of the officials and wealthy families of the capital, the imperial army captain seemed to have little authority, but he was directly under the Crown Prince and the [Blazing Flame Battalion] was known as the direct force of the Crown Prince Her Highness. Everyone knew that the Snow Emperor had neglected government affairs for many years and would soon abdicate. Once the Crown Prince ascends to the throne, the status of this [Blazing Flame Battalion] would not be so simple. Luo Yi was looked highly upon by the Crown Prince at such a young age, and was incredibly gifted. In the future, he was sure to have boundless prospects.



Therefore, the single Luo Yi, who had a bright future lying ahead of him, had become a popular person in the eyes of the influential and wealthy families of the Snow capital. There was an endless stream of people coming to the Luo residence to propose marriage, and even the doorstep of the Luo residence was almost trampled.



Luo Yi's father Luo Zheng was both worried and happy at the countless marriage proposals. The happy matter was that his son was promoted and they were truly happy for his son from the bottom of their heart. But what made him worry was that suddenly there were so many marriage candidates for them to choose from. Marriage was, after all, an important event of Luo Yi's life, so he needed to have his agreement.



At the beginning, Father Luo sent many people away with the reason that Luo Yi had just been promoted and was very busy, and he planned to discuss about marriage with him later.

What he did not expect was that, the Deputy Minister of the Imperial Security Department Gu Yangdao——the immediate superior of Luo Yi's father would personally bring his daughter to propose marriage. Moreover, he brought a number of valuable gifts, and his attitude was also very earnest and polite. The fact that he was Luo Tiezheng’s immediate superior, put him in a difficult position, and finally he passed the decision for Luo Yi to decide.

At that time, Luo Yi had also heard about Miss Gu from his colleague of the [Blazing Flame Battalion].



Miss Gu was rumoured to be very outstanding, and was known for her talent and looks in the Snow capital. There were countless young talents and wealthy young masters who liked her. Not only that, her martial arts were also very impressive, possessing the cultivation base of 20 Spirit springs, which was around the same level as Luo Yi.



At their first meeting, the appearance of Miss Gu did impress Luo Yi, but he did not as a result fall in love with Miss Gu at first sight, though he did not hate her. There was a hint of affection.



He thought over the fact that his family had only come to the Snow capital for less than a year, and that he had yet been able to establish himself. The Gu family had a certain status in the Snow capital. If they were to marry, their family would stand more firmly in the Snow capital. And if he made the the Deputy Minister of the Imperial Security Department lose face, then it would be detrimental to his father and to his family.



After a deep thought, Luo Yi agreed to the marriage.



The two were later officially engaged, and news spread.



Who knew that in less than half a month since the engagement the Gu family was going to break off the engagement?



Luo Yi was full of questions in his mind.



As he pondered, Elder Fu had already dragged Luo Yi through the courtyard, the reception pavilion, and the winding long hallway, nearing the outside of the hall.



Standing at the door of the hall, before Luo Yi and Elder Fu had entered the door, they heard the sharp voice of a woman coming from the hall————



“No, we must break off the engagement! Luo Tiezheng, there is no use whatever you say. Our Zhenzhen really cannot marry Luo Yi. We originally thought that since he was selected into the [Blazing Flame Battalion] and had became a captain, then he will have some accomplishments in the future so we betrothed our daughter to your son. Now he has been removed from the Crown Prince's [Blazing Flame Battalion]. There is no hope for him. Your Luo family should not daydream anymore. Let's just forget about the marriage, do not ruin our Zhenzhen's life. Today, us personally coming to withdraw from the marriage is already giving enough face to your Luo family. It's best for our families to part without hard feelings.”



The voice was shrill and ear-piercing, full of fierceness and contempt.



Luo Yi slowed down his footsteps.



Removed from the [Blazing Flame Battalion]?



When did I get removed from the [Blazing Flame Battalion]?

Could it be...



Luo Yi suddenly understood something.



When he went to report to Light City, there were some people who only saw him leaving the [Blazing Flame Battalion], so they must have thought that he had been struck off? And then news of this reached the ears of the Gu family?

That was very fast.



Luo Yi understood.



It turns out that this marriage withdrawal was really laughable.

His brows were scrunched up and he grunted coldly.



The woman's voice was sharp and unkind, her tone was aggressive, and she unexpectedly called father by his name and used that manner to speak to him?



Luo Yi clenched his teeth and lightly walked into the hall.



At this time, the atmosphere in the hall was still, the few people inside, whether sitting or standing, were silent, and for a moment no one noticed Luo Yi coming in.



On the main seat, a burly middle-aged man was dressed in the official purple robe of ministers, looked about forty years old, and sat there with an expressionless face.



This person had wide brows, his eyes were flickering with disdain and icy-coldness, and he seemed unconcerned about everything around him. His line of sight was fixed on a string of sandalwood beads in his hand. The beads the size of big dragon eye fruits were smooth and round, exuding a calm and distant fragrance.



Luo Yi recognized the middle-aged man. He was the deputy minister of the Imperial Security Department, Gu Yangdao.



In the seat next to Gu Yangdao, there sat a noblewoman wearing a silk dress embroidered with this year's most popular cloud pattern in the Snow capital. Her skin was fair and smooth, and her facial features were beautiful. Her willow leaf-like brows were high and curved, her pair of red phoenix eyes were showing discontent, and her thin dark red lips was slightly pursed up.



He also recognized this lady, the wife of Gu Yangdao. That day, when the marriage was decided, she was amiable-looking, had an extremely kind appearance, and was incessantly praising Luo Yi.



In addition, a young sixteen-year-old girl was quietly standing next to Madam Gu with her head hanging down.



The young girl, who was dressed in a yellow palace dress, was slim, and her skin was snow-white. Her pitch-black hair was rolled up into a cloud bun and a delicate sapphire blue jade hairpin inserted through the bun, with a strand of loose hair hanging around her ear. Her eyebrows were black like the distant mountains, and her eyes were sparkling like autumn water, gazing around charmingly. She had vermillion lips, pearly white teeth, and an aura like an orchid of an empty valley.

She stood with a graceful demeanour, composed and dignified, but her complexion was bland, as if the people and things around her had nothing to do with her.



This young girl was Gu Zhenzhen who was engaged to Luo Yi half a month ago.



Luo Yi's father, Luo Tiezheng, was standing next to Gu Yangdao with his arm hanging at his side.



Luo Tiezheng was from a military background, and although he was already forty years old, he was still burly and tall. As a result of enduring sandstorms on the border, his face was beginning to age, wrinkles ran across his forehead and his sword-like brows were slightly scrunched up.



At this moment, Father Luo's eyes contained an imperceptible inward anger, which he greatly suppressed. Bowing slightly, he stood next to Gu Yangdao and was forcing an apologetic smile onto his face.

Luo Yi's mother sat alone on a chair at the side of the hall.

She wore a dark blue embroidered dress and a white jade hairpin. Her figure was thin, and her face kind, without a hint of cosmetic, showing her natural features. She exuded a dignified and elegant aura. Her eyebrows and forehead showed her beauty when she was young. Her drooping eyes contained a thick worried look and a slight helplessness. Her eyes were somewhat red and clouded.



The sharp and unkind words of Madam Gu sounded again, “Madam Luo, we understand that you dearly love Luo Yi, we also love our precious daughter. We originally expected Luo Yi to achieve great success in his career in the future so he could take good care of Zhenzhen. But he was struck off after being promoted to imperial army captain in just a few days. How could our Zhenzhen live a happy life with him?”



As Madam Gu said these words, she narrowed her eyes at Luo Yi's mother. Every word that spewed out from her thin bright-red lips was like a blade piercing straight into the heart of Madam Luo——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 639:


Chapter 657, I agree to break off the marriage



When Luo Yi's mother heard this, her thin and weak body trembled slightly, holding herself back from saying a word. The fog in her eyes intensified.

Gu Yangdao, on the other hand, looked stone-faced, not saying anything and just focused on playing with the sandalwood beads in his hands, as though he had heard nothing.

Father Luo let out a soft sigh, his forbearance under all this really was too great.

He greatly suppressed his anger to say with an apologetic smile, “Lord Gu, Madam Gu, we don't know whether it is true or false that Yi'er was removed from the [Blazing Flame Battalion]. Perhaps it's just rumours, let's wait for Yi’er to come back and ask him.”

Luo Yi felt his heart aching when he saw his elderly parents' pleading expression. He made a coughing sound as he took a huge stride over, suddenly attracting the attention of the crowd.

It was only at this time that the people realized that the main party involved had finally come back.

Luo Yi remained calm, bowing and saying politely, “Father, mother, I'm back.” He then unhurriedly and indifferently turned to Gu Yangdao and the others, cupping one fist in the other, and said. “Luo Yi pays respect to Lord Gu, Madam Gu and Miss Gu.”

The line of sight of the five people in the hall was instantly concentrated onto Luo Yi.

Mother Luo was after all a woman, and also relatively weak. She cast a concerned look at Luo Yi, her lips moved but she did not say a word. The dense fog in her eyes turned to tears, wetting the corner of her eyes. She then hurriedly pulled out a silk handkerchief to dab at the corner of her eyes and forced a smiling expression at Luo Yi.

Gu Yangdao slightly looked up at Luo Yi and then dropped his eyes without saying a word, as though he did not see Luo Yi at all, and continued to play with the sandalwood beads.

The elegant Madam Gu coldly raised her brows when she saw Luo Yi, lightly grunted, and did not say anything more.

While his fiancée Gu Zhenzhen’s beautiful and intelligent-looking eyes were devoid of emotion, as though she did not hear Luo Yi, completely ignoring his presence.

“Yi'er, are you all right?” Luo Tiezheng asked softly. He originally wanted to immediately ask whether him being removed from [Blazing Flame Battalion] was true, but he swallowed back these words when it got to his mouth, for fear that he might say the wrong words and upset his son. He glanced at Luo Yi, his eyes tight and worried.

Compared to the matter of the Gu family withdrawing from the marriage arrangement, he was more concerned about Luo Yi not being able to withstand the blow of being struck off from the [Blazing Flame Battalion]. He knew that Luo Yi, in order to perform well in the [Blazing Flame Battalion], had been training everyday and had invested a great amount of effort.

When Luo Yi heard his father's voice, he faintly smiled and nodded to his father, “Father, I am fine, don't worry.”

Father Luo saw that Luo Yi was calm and that there was no fluctuation of emotions, he then carefully asked, “Yi'er, you really left the [Blazing Flame Battalion]?”

Before his voice faded away, the atmosphere in the hall had suddenly stiffened.

Luo Yi swept a glance around and nodded, “Yes, the order I received this morning...”

Gu Yangdao and Gu Zhenzhen showed little reaction to his words, while Madam Gu calmly stared at Luo Yi, narrowing her eyes and a ridiculing smile made its way across her face.

Luo Yi's mother's eyes were red again.

She looked at her son with indescribable grievance.

Luo Tiezheng quivered a little upon hearing his son's answer, his face growing pale and his brows tightly knitted together.

Although already psychologically prepared, but when he heard Luo Yi directly confirmed the news, it was still difficult for him to accept it.

Ever since he transferred back to the Snow capital, the Luo family had been trying hard to survive in this difficult place. His official ranking was neither high nor low. At the border he may have a certain authority, but in the Snow capital, where nobles were everywhere, he was almost not worth mentioning. The Luo family's circumstances were very bad, and the opportunity to improve their situation was Luo Yi.

Ever since Luo Yi was selected into the [Blazing Flame Battalion], and came under the personal command of the Crown Prince, although his ranking was not high, his potential was very great. There were many forces of the Snow capital that had held out an olive branch to the Luo family, and the Luo clan finally gradually established themselves in the Snow capital.

Half a month ago, the news of Luo Yi's promotion came. The forces that were secretly watching finally could not hold back, swallowed their pride, and tried to express goodwill to the Luo family through various means. In a short moment, the Luo family's status in the Snow capital had rapidly risen, which made everyone in the Luo family unceasingly excited.

However, now that Luo Yi had been removed from the [Blazing Flame Battalion], those olive branches were most likely going to become a charm of doom. It would be greatly difficult for the Luo family to make any further progress in Snow capital.

Luo Tiezheng pondered for a long while, before he deeply took a breath, walked up to Luo Yi, gently patting his son on the shoulder, and reassured him, “Alright, It's alright, you're still young.”

“All right?” the harsh voice sounded again.

Father Luo had not finished when Madam Gu began sneering.

A ridiculing expression twisted her pretty face, as she threw a sidelong glance at Luo Tiezheng and mocked, “Hah, how could you say it's alright, Lord Luo, your heart is so big. Luo Yi is removed from the [Blazing Flame Battalion], what sort of place is the [Blazing Flame Battalion]? It is the forbidden army of the Crown Prince Her Highness, and everything is in the hands of Her Highness. He was removed from the [Blazing Flame Battalion], and that is the order of Her Highness. His life is finished. Young? What's the use of being young? One word from the Crown Prince and he can't turn his life over!”

Luo Yi's face darkened. He opened his mouth and was about to say something, but was interrupted by his father.

Luo Tiezheng patted his son on the shoulder, squeezing out a smile, and then turned in the direction of the Gu family to explain, “Lord Gu, Yi'er is still young, there is still hope for promotion in the future. Even if he's not in the [Blazing Flame Battalion], he can transfer to other places and serve there. It is too early to say that he has no hope. As for the marriage, how can it be decided and casually cancelled like that, it is not good for Zhenzhen's reputation. Lord Gu, let's discuss this matter again.”

It was not that he did not see the Gu family's condescending faces, but he did not want his son to suffer another blow from the marriage arrangement being cancelled after being removed from the [Blazing Flame Battalion].

If there was a chance to redeem the situation, he certainly would do his best. After all, Gu Zhenzhen really was very outstanding, and his son was also very satisfied with her.

From a beneficial point of view, Gu Yangdao was the deputy minister of the Imperial Security Department. If the marriage went ahead, he may also be able to give his son a hand. As long as it was beneficial to his son, even if he had to let go of his old face, it was nothing to him. Luo Yi was in the prime of his youth, if he were to suffer the embarrassment of the marriage arrangement being cancelled, then he may be unable to recover and his life would be ruined.

Parents always protected their children.

Opposite.

Gu Yangdao, who had not said a single word all this time, finally put away the red sandalwood beads, slowly rose from the chair, glanced at Luo Yi without expression, and then shifted his gaze to Luo Tiezheng.

The atmosphere in the hall suddenly became tense. Luo Tiezheng nervously looked at his immediate superior, with a hint of a pleading expression in his eyes.

Gu Yangdao's burly and tall body that was dressed in the official minister's robe was imposing and exuded a majestic presence. The candlesticks in the hall, as though they have been blown by the wind, were flickering indefinitely.

He slightly opened his mouth, his voice was cold and without a hint of emotion as he said, “Lord Luo, you cannot say that. Even if you used to be a military official, you should also understand the officialdom. If you must pretend to be confused, then I have to be honest. As my wife had said, Luo Yi was removed from the [Blazing Flame Battalion] and removed by the Crown Prince Her Highness. You think it is so simple to leave the [Blazing Flame Battalion]? Her Highness is the one who will be ascended to the throne in the future, and those who are expelled by Her Highness, do you think there are any other places in the empire that dare to accept him? Although I appreciate Luo Yi's talent and also sympathize with him about what had happened, but I cannot take my daughter's life's happiness as bargaining chips to pacify him. Even if the withdrawal from the marriage arrangement today would have some negative impact on Zhenzhen's reputation, but that is just temporary. Zhenzhen after all is well known to be outstanding. As soon as this storm passes, I will naturally find her a good husband that matches up to her. As for Luo Yi, forgive me for being blunt, but he is now ruined. He is no different from a useless person and does not deserve my daughter at all. I am also a father, I can understand your effort, but I cannot throw away my daughter's life of happiness just because I sympathize with you.”

After hearing Gu Yangdao's words, Luo Tiezheng went silent, lowering his head, as if he had aged ten years in a flash.

His body was trembling, he was clenching his fists, and the veins on the back of his hands were bulging. His facial expression was changing repeatedly. There was anger, there was reluctance, helplessness, and humiliation...

But his heart was aching for his son even more.

Mother Luo's face was pale, looking haggard. Her eyes were glistening with humiliating tears, and her thin body was shaking endlessly, as he looked to her son with a worried look, afraid that her son was unable to bear the blow.

Luo Yi coldly stared at Gu Yangdao, anger crossing his face.

His father had fought on the battlefield half his life. He had always been firm and unyielding, and had never bowed to anyone because of anything. But today, in order to rescue their marriage, he had to lower his voice and stifle his anger, and even his only remaining dignity was trampled by Gu Yangdao. How could he not be furious!

His mother had always been frail, and his father always took good care of her, not allowing her to suffer or shed a drop of tear. But today, the Gu family's words were so harsh and aggressive, which greatly humiliated and hurt his mother. As a son, how could he watch his mother be humiliated?

And the reason for all this was just rumours that he had been removed from the [Blazing Flame Battalion]...

At this very moment, Luo Yi started laughing out of sheer disbelief. He moved his lips and was ready to tell the truth.

But before he opened his mouth, Mother Luo rose from the chair. Her tottering thin body hurried over to Luo Yi's side, and she suddenly grasped Luo Yi's arm, her pale face wet with clear tears was slightly raised, shaking her head at Luo Yi.

“Yi'er.” Mother Luo gently cried, shaking her head again, “Do not be impulsive, listen to your father. No matter what happens, mother is here, don't say anything for now.”

Under his mother's worried gaze, Luo Yi was hesitant to speak.

He looked at his weak mother, his heart aching badly. He supported his mother by the arm, so that she would not strain herself.

Mother Luo wiped the tears from the corners of her eyes and turned her sight to Gu Zhenzhen who had not spoken a word.

Gu Zhenzhen really had not said a single word ever since coming through the door. She had been silently standing at Madam Gu's side all this time, perhaps she did not want to break off the engagement?

There was a last glimmer of hope in Madam Luo's heart.

She remembered that ever since Luo Yi and Gu Zhenzhen had decided on the marriage, Gu Zhenzhen had almost every day come to visit her with gifts and supplements, and even personally cooked soup for her to nourish her body. She was very obedient and Madam Luo was also very fond of her future daughter-in-law. Not only that, but she was also very concerned about Luo Yi and was very approachable unlike the daughter of a wealthy family or a martial arts expert. Since the Gu family loved their daughter dearly, if Gu Zhenzhen had really wanted to keep the engagement, then perhaps the situation could still be turned around.

With this thought, Madam Luo's eyes were lit up with a glimmer of hope, her face regaining a little colour.

She looked at Gu Zhenzhen and asked softly, “Zhenzhen, you still want to be with Yi'er, after all, you and Yi'er have feelings for each other.”

“Madam Luo, stop your wishful thinking.”

A cold voice interrupted Madam Luo’s words.

It was Gu Zhenzhen who had been silent all this time.

Gu Zhenzhen's fairy-like face was calm, her eyes flickering with a faint mockery as her vermillion lips lightly moved. “I haven't said a word because I feel that there isn't a need for it. The engagement between Luo Yi and I must be cancelled today, stop your wishful thinking.”

The trace of colour that had just appeared on Madam Luo's face instantly faded.

Looking at that cold and indifferent face, Madam Luo was unsure whether this young girl really was Gu Zhenzhen.

How would the seemingly polite and gentle Gu Zhenzhen from before say such a thing?

Madam Luo looked dazedly at Gu Zhenzhen, mumbling, “Zhenzhen you...”

Guu Zhenzhen shot an irritated look at Madam Gu and said in a cold voice, “Madam Luo, call me Miss Gu. Since our families have no relationship anymore, if you call me by my name it will bring a lot of unnecessary trouble.”

“That's enough!” Luo Yi yelled out.

His face was dark and gloomy, and he was on the verge of erupting. He could no longer ignore his mother being ridicule. His eyes blazed with fury as he went on, “You think I----”

“Be quiet!” Luo Tiezheng roared, interrupting Luo Yi.

“Father, listen to me.” Luo Yi tried to communicate with his father.

“Be quiet, if you still see me as your father!” Luo Tiezheng firmly glanced at his son.

Luo Yi stood there astounded, staring at his father.

His lips were slightly moving. The truth was on the tip of his tongue, but he was unable to say it out loud. His father was enraged and he could not disobey his father.

He sighed, no longer saying anything.

Luo Tiezheng looked at his stubborn son. Luo Yi was in the prime of youth. Today, his future was destroyed for no reason at all, and if he were to suffer the humiliation of the marriage arrangement being cancelled, he certainly would be furious. Luo Yi had been very obedient since he was young, it was understandable that he could not bear to watch his father and mother being ridiculed and insulted. He had already been removed from the [Blazing Flame Battalion]n, and the road ahead of him was bleak. If he were to anger Gu Yangdao out of impulse, then no matter whether the engagement was cancelled or not, it would be worse for his situation, so Luo Tiezheng had to stop Luo Yi.

Thinking of all this, Luo Tiezheng clenched his teeth, bowing a deep respectful bow to Gu Yangdao and forcing an apologetic smile. “Lord Gu, as long as you do not cancel the marriage arrangement, subordinate would not refuse to go through water and tread on fire for you. Although our Luo family is not a large and influential family, but we have a little foundation. As long as you want, subordinate is willing to present it to you with both hands.”

As he was speaking, he did not even straighten his back, maintaining a bowing position. His burly body was trembling, and the last glimmer of dignity that belonged to a military man had collapsed and dissipated in an instant.

Madam Luo was shocked.

The iron-willed man who she had been with for more than twenty years would not bow his head even if there were a blade at his neck. However, for their son, he unexpectedly was willing to give up his last trace of dignity.

Her thin body no longer trembled, the tears in her eyes dried up, and a faint smile formed across her pale face.

Yes, for their son, it was nothing to give up their dignity, right?

Gu Yangdao looked disdainfully at the Luo family, flicked his sleeve, and said coldly, “There is no need to say any more. This marriage engagement must be cancelled today. Tomorrow I will send someone over to give you some properties, treat it as compensation. Also, I do not want to hear any more rumours about the marriage in the future.”

“Haha, well, I agree to break off the engagement.” Luo Yi said calmly with a sneer on his face.

“Yi'er!”

“Yi'er!”

Luo Yi's parents stared wide-eyed at Luo Yi, frightened and anxious.

“Are you serious?” Gu Yangdao asked, raising his brows.

Luo Yi supported his mother and father up, nodding to the two of them with a smile on his face.

“Yes, I agree to withdraw from the marriage without any conditions.”

Luo Yi's heart was clear and bright.

Originally he wanted to tell the truth, but after watching his parents being repeatedly humiliated and giving up their dignity to rescue their engagement, his heart ached like it was being pierced by a sword. Now he didn't want to say anything more, because he knew it had no significance.

More importantly, he no longer wanted to remedy this bullshit marriage engagement.

Madam Luo's brows were slightly knitted in a frown, her eyes filled with puzzlement. “Yi'er, are you sure?”

Luo Yi looked at his parents and nodded firmly: “Father, mother, don't worry. I know exactly what I am doing, I am not being impulsive.”

Then, his gaze shifted across to Gu Yangdao, growing piercing sharp, as he said in a cold voice, “You just think that just because I was removed from the [Blazing Flame Battalion], I will become a trash from then on, and am not worthy of your daughter? Since I have the ability to be selected into the [Blazing Flame Battalion] by the Crown Prince Her Highness, then even if I am removed, my abilities will not diminish and my talent will not dissipate as a result. On what basis can you conclude that I, Luo Yi, will not have another chance to be appreciated? I, Luo Yi do not need to rely on my parents’ pleading and self-esteem to redeem a marriage!”

Luo Tiezheng and his wife, upon hearing their son's resolute and unhesitating words, felt the worry in their heart slightly reduced, because Luo Yi was not as dispirited as they had expected, and not as furious and impulsive. Instead he was incredibly calm, and his manner was not very aggressive. At the same time, they were also relieved, as it was the first time they felt that Luo Yi had really grown up.

“You deserve to be my son!” Luo Tiezheng shouted in a relieved tone, patting Luo Yi on the shoulder.

“Lord Gu, you must have prepared the paperwork for the cancellation of the marriage arrangement, take it out,” Luo Yi said calmly.

Gu Yangao was inwardly shocked when he heard these words.

He clearly did not expect the young man to have such courage and determination. His strong will really was admirable. Perhaps, in the future, he really would be able to rise again with his own ability.

Gu Yangdao's heart flashed a hint of regret, but it was only a hint.

He shook his head and set aside the little regret in his heart. Then, the palm of his hand glowed, as two thin white sheets of paper, like cicada wings, surfaced on his hand.

“You really are a talent, but it's a pity. It's your fault for offending Her Highness. In the Snow Empire no one would dare to use you in the future. Sign here on these two documents, and from then on, you have nothing to do with my daughter,” Gu Yangdao said, placing the silk papers on the table.

Luo Yi walked over to the table, and skimmed through the two identical silk papers that were covered with neat handwriting. The content was nothing else but the voluntary cancellation of the marriage arrangement and the two sides no longer having anything to do with each other.

He smiled lightly, lifted the brush, and signed his name at the end of the document. Then he slightly streaked his index finger across his thumb. A bead of blood seeped out of the skin surface, and without the slightest hesitation, he pressed his thumb down, leaving a bright red fingerprint on the snow-white silk paper.

Madam Gu snorted out loud, reaching out her hand to pick up the paper from the table, and after a careful examination she gave a satisfied nod, her bright red lips curving back into a smile. She slightly raised her head, revealing her slender and fair neck, and coldly said, “Luo Yi, there are two copies, you keep the other one.”

An inexplicable light flashed across Luo Yi’s eyes as he put away the other piece of marriage withdrawal document away.

As though the burden had finally been lifted off, Gu Zhenzhen breathed out a long sigh.

The maiden gracefully came over, her eyes flickering with aloof sympathy and pity as she looked at Luo Yi. “Actually, I still admire you, whether it is talent or character. It is a pity that our lives are different, I am a phoenix who wants to soar to the Ninth Heaven, and you once had the opportunity to reach the same height with me, it is a pity. Now that you have become a wild duck falling into the quagmire, there will never be a chance for you to fly. Luo Yi, you have no chance to make a comeback, it is better to give up, be a good ordinary person, and perhaps in the future there will be a normal girl that matches well with you who likes you. At that time you will feel that your decision today is right. Find a girl with the same circumstances as you and live happily together.”

Luo Yi smiled, indifferently looking at his former fiancèe, and did not say anything more.

When Luo Tiezhang heard Gu Zhenzhen’s words, he couldn’t take it, worried that his son might be provoked again, and coldly said, “Miss Gu you do not need to worry about Yi'er’s matters. Lord Gu, my humble home is not suitable to entertain you three, please leave.”

Since Luo Yi had made up his mind, as his father he no longer had to bow low and humiliate himself and stoop to compromise. Rather than continue to look at their hypocritical faces, it was better to ask them to leave at this point.

Gu Yangdao’s family of three looked embarrassed when they heard what was said.

Gu Yangdao grunted, “Farewell!”

Then he strode to the outside of the hall with Madam Gu and his daughter following behind.

It was at this moment----

Old housekeeper Elder Fu scurried in, looking alarmed, panting, “Master, Master, the housekeeper of the Minister's residence asks to see you!”

Luo Tiezheng was taken aback for a moment before he asked, “Minister's residence? Which Minister's residence?”

Elder Fu's replied, gasping for breaths, “Master, it is the housekeeper of the Right Minister's residence!”

Before he finished speaking, he saw a scholarly middle-aged man of nearly seven feet tall, dressed in plain blue cotton clothing, stepping into the hall-------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 640:


Chapter 658, Congratulate on what?



This middle-aged scholar was more on the thin side, his long hair was drawn in a neat bun at the top of his head, with a few strands of silver hair lose around the temple. He had fair skin and beautiful facial features. His brows were like swords and there was a faint mark on the corner of his eye. The corners of his mouth was slightly curved upwards in a gentle smile, and he was refined and elegant just like the peaceful bamboos of an empty mountain.



“Master, this is the gentleman!” Elder Fu looked at the middle-aged scholar who had already come in and hurriedly said to Luo Tiezheng.



Before Luo Tiezheng could say anything, the middle-aged scholar gave a cupped fist salute and bowed to Luo Tiezheng. “Lord Luo, I am the housekeeper of the Right Minister's residence, Zheng Wenxuan. Today, I especially came on Right Minister's order to congratulate Lord Luo.”



Luo Tiezheng was surprised.



Why would the housekeeper of the Right Minister's residence suddenly pay a visit?



And here to say congratulations?



What was there to congratulate.



Luo Tiezheng was bewildered.



It should be said the Luo family's forces were small and they had no relation with the powerful Right Minister of the empire, although Luo Tiezheng did know about the housekeeper of the Right Minister's residence.

It was rumoured that he, who took care of all the major and minor affairs of the Right Minster’s residence, was the Right Minister’s trusted aide. Although he did not have an official position, his status in the Snow Empire was extremely high. He possessed an influential power and was deeply trusted by the Right Minster, and even other wealthy and influential officials were respectful to him.



Such an important man had personally come to visit the Luo residence, and seemed to be incredibly respectful towards him. It really was difficult to understand what it was all about.

Suppressing the puzzlement in his heart, Luo Tiezheng dared not to be disrespectful, smiling he said, “It's Mister Zheng, quickly come sit down.”



As he spoke, he turned his head to say to Elder Fu, “Elder Fu, quickly make tea, take out my highest quality silver needles.” [TN Note: A type of tea]

“Yes, Master,” Elder Fu immediately answered and trotted away.



Zheng Wenxuan took a seat, sweeping his gaze across the hall, smiled and said, “What a happy coincidence, Lord Gu is here too.”



Gu Yangdao responded with an embarrassed smile and very respectfully gave a cupped fist salute, “I pay respect to Mister Zheng.”



Their family had successfully cancelled the marriage arrangement and was already about to leave when the housekeeper of the Right Minster's household had suddenly come to visit, leaving them in a difficult situation. Their purpose of coming to the Luo residence had been reached and they had already torn their faces in front of the Luo family, they had no more reason to stay. However, because of the sudden visit from the housekeeper of the Right Minister's residence, they felt disrespectful to leave straight away, which may possibly irritate the housekeeper.



“Lord Gu, please sit down.” Luo Tiezheng said, looking at the awkward Gu Yangdao.



Gu Yangdao nodded awkwardly, seating himself on one of the guest chairs.



His wife and daughter also took a seat quietly.

Facing the housekeeper of the Right Minister's residence, the superior manner that the Gu family had before was suddenly gone. Although Gu Yangdao occupied the position of deputy minister of the Imperial Security Department and was considered a powerful person, but compared to the housekeeper of the Right Minster’s residence, their hidden status still differed too greatly.



Gu Yangdao wore a humble expression on his face, while Madam Gu resumed a dignified and kind face, and Gu Zhenzhen exuded the air of a gentle lady.



On the other side, Luo Yi helped Madam Luo sit down and caringly handed her a cup of hot tea.



Madam Luo smiled lightly, her face still pale, but her spirit was a little better than before.



Zheng Wenxuan sensed a strange atmosphere in the hall, though he could not point his finger on what it was for now. He took a glimpse at Luo Yi then shifted his gaze over to Madam Gu, and a moment later he looked to Luo Tianzheng and asked, “Madam Luo doesn't seem well?”



Luo Tiezheng couldn’t help sighing when he heard this. “Yes, a chronic cold that started while we were living at the border.”



Zheng Wenxuan smiled, “Oh, is that so, coincidentally, today I was order by the Right Minister to pay a visit, and to bring a little gift. It is a thousand-year-old Snow Ginseng. It is perfect for the treatment of cold illnesses, Lord Luo should use it to help treat Madam Luo's health.”



Luo Tiezheng's face lit up when he heard this. An effective remedy like the thousand-year-old Snow Ginseng was incredibly hard to find, and had always been priceless. It was best to use it to nourish the body. The next moment, he was surprised again.



Given the Right Minister's status, in his eyes the Luo family should simply be a nobody. Moreover, the Luo family had never had any relation with the Right Minister's residence before, and Luo Tiezheng was not qualified to visit the Right Minister if he wanted to. However, today the Right Minister had especially sent someone to bring such a generous gift all of a sudden. Not knowing whether it was a blessing or a calamity, he suddenly felt a little uneasy.



With this thought, Luo Tiezheng hurriedly said, “I am really thankful to Right Minister for his kindness, but I am really ashamed, I want to ask Mister Zheng, Right Minister---”



Before he finished.



“Master, Master, someone’s here again!”



Luo Tiezheng had not finished when the incoherent and excited voice of Elder Fu was heard again outside the hall.

Looking at Elder Fu panting and running in, Luo Tiezheng's face slightly reddened in embarrassment, he lightly reprimanded, “Elder Fu, slow down, there are guests here, do not forget manners.”



Elder Fu gulped down saliva and said anxiously, “Master, it's the deputy general of Commander Li!”



What?



Luo Tiezheng suddenly went pale.



Gu Yangdao and his family also had a change of expression.



Soon, an eight-foot-tall expert clad in armour walked into the hall.

This man was burly and tall, and was wearing a black and gold plated cloud pattern armour. He had a resolute expression across his face and looked to be about forty years old. His face was sharp and angular like a knife, his sword-like brows were slanted, his eyes were deep, and he had a short beard on his chin, which looked like a green shadow. There was a blade hanging at his waist, emitting a cold light and looking very rugged, and exuding a fierceness of fighting years on the battlefield.



Luo Tiezheng hurriedly got up to greet him, cupping one fist in the other. “An important guest is here, I should have welcomed you, please forgive me for this disrespect.”



The burly expert returned a cupped fist salute and said with a wide smile, “Haha, congratulations Lord Luo, I am Marshal Li's Deputy General Zhao Hongjie, I was ordered to come congratulate Lord Luo!”



Luo Tiezheng stood there astounded.



His mind became more and more perplexed, what was there to congratulate?



Why did the housekeeper of the Right Minister’s residence come to congratulate him and why did Marshal Li send someone to do the same? He really felt like he was falling in the clouds, unable to stand on level ground.

He did not dare to show this on his face and felt embarrassed to ask questions. He could only greet the visitors with a smile and take them to their seats and then order Elder Fu to prepare the tea.



Strange things happen every day, but today there were particularly many strange things occurring.



Just as the deputy general of Commander Li seated down and greeted everyone that was present, Elder Lu came scurrying back in a hurry, his mouth was wide open as though he wanted to scream something. But suddenly at the thought of Luo Tiezheng telling him to pay attention to manners, he held back the words that sprang to his lips.



Under Luo Tiezheng's puzzled gaze, Elder Fu anxiously came closer, greatly suppressing the excitement and whispered, “Master, there are people from the Prince and the Left Minister’s residence . It seems they met along the way and came here together. They are already coming in!”



Luo Tiezheng was almost petrified where he was.

What was going on today?



Why were these influential men of the Snow capital sending people over here one by one? Could it be that the Prince's residence and the Left Minister’s residence had also sent people here to congratulate them?



With no time to give it a deeper thought, he already saw two figures coming into the hall one after the other.



Walking in front was a slender old man in a grey cotton robe, his hair and beard were white, and wrinkles ran across his face, but this face was radiant and glowing and his eyes were bright and full of expression.



Behind the old man was a twenty something youngster clad in a blue robe. His black long hair was bunched up at the back of his head, and his skin was clear and fair. His nose was tall, and the corners of his mouth curved in a smile. His clear eyes contained a gentle expression, and a closed folding fan was held in his hands, exuding a faint ink fragrance.

The old man brushed his silver beard and laughed, “Congratulations, Lord Luo, I am the Chief Steward of the Prince's residence, Li Fu. The Prince His Highness sent me here to congratulate you, I ran into the Left Minister’s favourite pupil along the way, so we came in together.”



The youngster next to the old man respectfully bowed to Luo Tiezheng. “Junior is Ke Xianju, I am here to congratulate Lord Gu on behalf of Master.”



There was indescribable shock twisting Luo Tiezheng's face.

The Chief Steward of the Prince's residence and the Left Minister’s brilliant student had personally come to the Luo residence to congratulate them, and in the hall were sat the housekeeper of the Right Minister’s residence and Commander Li's deputy general. Among these people, except the deputy general who had an official status in the military, the other three, although without official positions, represent the most powerful and important ministers of the Snow Empire. Whether it was the Right Minister, Left Minister,the Golden Apex Prince, or the Great Marshal, any one of them could shake the Snow Empire. But today, it was as though they had agreed to come together to this powerless Luo family. It really was unimaginable.



The bewilderment in Luo Tiezheng's heart grew even more, but he dared not to treat them with the slightest disrespect. He hurriedly went forward and bowed respectfully, “Quickly please take a seat!”



The Chief Steward of the Prince's residence and the Left Minister’s student successively took their seats, greeted the Right Minister’s housekeeper Zheng Wenxuan and Marshal Li’s Deputy General Zhao Hongjie, and exchanged a smile, evidently understanding each other's purpose of coming here.



Luo Tiezheng was taken aback upon seeing this, immediately hid away his puzzlement, and said, “It really is an honour to have several gentlemen come pay a visit.”



“No, no, Lord Luo is very polite.” Li Yu, the Chief Steward of the Prince's residence, brushed his beard and revealed a faint smile on his face.



Commander Li's Deputy General Zhao Hongjie laughed, “Lord Luo do not say so, we really do not deserve it, haha.”



As he was speaking, several servants of the Luo residence served up refreshments and tea.



“Please try some tea, gentlemen,” Luo Tiezheng said warmly.



Everyone held up a cup of tea from the tray that was brought over, carefully appreciating the aroma of tea. The room suddenly quieted down, leaving only a faint fragrance of tea.



On the other side, Gu Yangdao was somewhat baffled, holding the cup of tea clasped in both hands in deep thought.



The Luo family had asked them to leave, but before they had stepped out of the hall the housekeeper of the Right Minister’s residence had come and they had to sit back down. They planned to exchanged a few words before leaving, but all of a sudden there were so many influential people coming, making it more difficult for them to leave, in case one of them felt that they were being disrespectful.

But the question was that, why did the unknown and unimportant Luo family suddenly attract so many influential people to their door to congratulate them. What were they actually congratulating them on?



His mind became bewildered and clouded, feeling uneasy. There seemed to be something wrong.

With this thought, Gu Yangdao gently put down the cup in his hand, turned to Right Minister’s housekeeper Zheng Wenxuan, smiled, and asked, “Mister Zheng, I heard that Sir is here to congratulate Lord Luo, I wonder what it’s about?”

Zheng Wenxuan set down the cup and asked with a smile, “Don't you know, Lord Gu? ”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

