Chapter 1245:


Chapter 1259, Fight alone

A brief dialogue had revealed too many information.

But only the parties involved would understand the wrath of the Sky Emperor and the spirit monkey battle companion.

The strength of the enraged Sky Emperor was like a flame burning in the wind, growing rapidly.

And the golden flames all over the esteemed elder spirit monkey battle companion were similarly constantly enlarging.

The battle between two supreme experts, like an asteroid striking the earth, was constantly producing deafening rumbles of the Dao. In the air, a number of law chains and flow of order were visibly being disrupted. The impact of such a battle between two top experts could be said to be annihilating everything. Even Wen Wan and the others, as well as other sovereigns of the Dark Realm also had to draw back continuously, ending their respective battles. Once swept into the battle circle, one would most likely be destroyed into ashes instantly.

Without the presence of the pure silver force field of the [Three Thousand Feet of Fallen Emperor Snow], the entire Snow capital would have been wiped out in such a terrifying battle.

The battle was so fierce that even the sovereigns from the Dark Realm couldn't help feeling apprehensive.

Before this, they had never met an opponent who could compete against the Sky Emperor.

In their mind, no matter how powerful an existence is, in front of the Sky Emperor, they would be unable to withstand a single blow. Even Martial Emperor who had dominated an era would find it difficult to withstand against the power of the Sky Emperor. But now, the ape that was clad in golden Immortal armour was unexpectedly so strong. Everyone felt numb at this thought. There was finally someone strong enough to contend against the Sky Emperor. If the Sky Emperor were to lose to this ape then they would also no doubt have to die, right?

Contrary to how the sovereigns of the Dark Realm were feeling, Yu Xiaoxing and the others were excited and hopeful.

The joint attack of Wen Wan, Gao Diping and the others were like the dying struggle of trapped beasts, but the appearance of the esteemed elder spirit monkey battle companion made them see hope.

Rumble!

Earth shaking rumbles of Dao again broke out from the battle circle.

The entire pure silver field of the [Three Thousand Feet of Fallen Emperor Snow] was violently quaking.

The cloth robe on the Sky Emperor’s body was unexpectedly torn and shredded, revealing the blue flame-like body beneath. It was similar to human appearance, but resembled more of an energy body of flowing liquid. His arms were shattered into fine powder by the golden cudgel, half his shoulders was crushed, and his blue body was seen reeling back constantly. His injury was not minor at all. In contrast, the esteemed elder spirit monkey battle companion only stumbled back four steps, blood seeping out between his fingers, and appeared to be in a much better state.

The sovereigns of the Dark Realm all exclaimed in shock.

By contrast, it was clear that the Sky Emperor was defeated.

Such an ending, to them, was as though the sky had collapsed.

“His Majesty has long set up tens of thousands of ancient killing formations. The Vast Thousand Domains is not a place you can come and go. Without a flesh shell, your soul does not have one-tenth of your power back then.” The spirit monkey battle companion sneered. The coiled dragon around the golden cudgel in his hand seemed to be alive, twisting and wandering nonstop. His body was enveloped in golden flames, like the scorching sun, so bright and dazzling that it was impossible to look at from up close.

“What can the killing formations that a loser set up do to me.” The Sky Emperor gradually recovered his arms. The injury was not as serious as it seemed on the surface. He cold smiled, “Even if I only have the soul, even if I only have a tenth of my strength of back then, you still can't kill me. Compared to me, your deterioration is much more obvious. It seems that in these millions of years, he did not help treat your injuries at all. Instead it had worsened, and you're just extending your last gasp now.”

As the voice fell, the Sky Emperor had completely restored his arms, which suddenly extended out across tens of meters, and grabbed a sovereign of the Dark Realm in the distance.

“Your Majesty...” Although shocked, the sovereign of the Dark Realm dared not to resist.

The Sky Emperor's face was entirely devoid of expression as he directly dragged the sovereign over. His blue liquid-like body suddenly turned into a blue flame, poured into the body of the sovereign of the Dark Realm, and, like a flame, directly burned and incinerated the consciousness of the sovereign, thereby allowing him to enter the body.

The dark blue flame filled and overflowed the body.

Possession!

He had killed a loyal subordinate without mercy and took over his body.

The other sovereigns of the Dark Realm were trembling all over, face contorted with fear, but were afraid to hide.

“Now, I have a body.”

The Flying Bear spoke in the voice of the Sky Emperor.

But the tone of voice initially was very strange, like the sound of friction between rocks. It was evident that he was not suitable for this body.

But the next few words became normal.

The Martial Emperor original form of this body appeared. It was a giant black winged bear, an ancient species called Flying Bear. Its tremendous black body, under the illumination of the light of the blue flame, appeared extremely strange and mysterious. The body moved forward, producing bone crackling noises, and pressed toward the esteemed elder spirit monkey battle companion.

“How can the body of someone else's hold your power... don't talk so much nonsense, fight!” The spirit monkey battle companion sneered.

His large, tall body squatted down, and then the ground began to quake. His body leapt up like a bolt of lightning, while the golden cudgel in his hands transformed into a lofty mountain, spinning frantically with the power of the earth's fire and heavenly thunder, before the cudgel was swung down.

“Hahaha, you will know after trying,” the Sky Emperor roared facing upwards. With the beat of the wings on his back, he shot up at lightning speed, and before the golden cudgel was brought down he was already standing below the spirit monkey battle companion, slamming a punch into his stomach.

Rumble!

The spirit monkey battle companion’s golden body was blasted away. It was unknown how many of the silver trees he slammed into and broke along the way, sending silver leaves fluttering in the sky like snowflakes.

“It's the same, you're still unable to withstand a single attack.” The voice of the Sky Emperor echoed, and with one step he was already standing above the spirit monkey battle companion, stamping down his foot.

The spirit monkey battle companion’s body flashed, dodging the attack at the critical moment.

Rumble!

With the stamp of his foot, the Sky Emperor had set the whole area of pure silver force field quaking. The silver ground suddenly exploded with a huge pit, and the silver roots of the fire trees below were spreading. The terror of this power was clearly illustrated by the damage made to the [Three Thousand Feet of Fallen Emperor Snow] formation, which almost was unable to withstand.

But in the next instant, the ground, like mercury, was restored right away.

Even the broken silver fire trees, in the flickering silvery light, had completely recovered.

The mysteriousness of the pure silver force field of the [Three Thousand Feet of Fallen Emperor Snow] was indeed astonishing. It was no wonder that Immortal celestial beings had used this kind of force field to strengthen the Immortal Palace.

“Roar!”

The esteemed elder spirit monkey battle companion raged, eyes overflowing with blood red light, like blood seeping out. His power and aura rose sharply once again. The golden cudgel in his hand had directly transformed into an enraged dragon, and swung out at a much faster speed than before. Before the black flying bear turned his head, he was already struck in the waist and sent through the air.

The battle instantly entered into an indescribable madness.

Moreover, it was almost a fist-to-flesh combat, completely lacking the manner and bearing of an Emperor. It resembled more of a fight between two primitive creatures. The two figures were constantly sent flying by each other, striking each other back and forth in the fire woods.

In the course of the battle, all kinds of remarkable abilities and transformations were fully displayed. In particular, the spirit monkey battle companion evidently had mastered a variety of transformation techniques, able to instantaneously transform into various kinds of ancient beasts, dragons and snakes as he wishes. The golden cudgel in his hands could turn into lightning and wind, while the dragon spewed out Immortal light. There were several times that he had almost managed to refine the Sky Emperor’s Flying Bear body!

It was a different kind of fierce battle. The two supreme experts were wounded in the blink of an eye.

It can even be said that it was not a battle, but tearing at each other like animals.

In the end, there were no more tricks, but looked more like beasts wrestling. The spirit monkey battle companion obviously hated the Sky Emperor. It was unknown how many times he had torn flesh off the Flying Bear. The Flying Bear's wings were also ripped off, its body mangled, while the spirit monkey battle companion was soaked in blood!

“Ahhhh, let's settle everything,” the Sky Emperor raged like a beast, grabbing the head of the spirit monkey battle companion with one hand to rip it off, while the other aimed a punch to the waist of the spirit monkey battle companion, and directly launched him into the silvery ground.

“I'm afraid you don't have that ability.” The head of the spirit monkey battle companion was instantly regrown. Bellowing, he slammed the head of the giant bear with a hammer, knocking him away.

But the gap in strength between the two forces was finally shown. The Sky Emperor, who had occupied the Martial Emperor  body of others, would not care about injury, just like how he was in the starry battlefield against Ye Qingyu. Moreover, his strength in the end was stronger. He had time and time again sent the spirit monkey battle companion flying through the air, dying the pure silver fire woods red with his blood.

The spectators of the battle had repeatedly retreated.

Such a bitter and fierce battle, even those who had mastered Emperor power feared of getting involved.

“Haha, he had passed on the remarkable skill of the seventy-two transformations of heaven and earth to you, how many transformations do you have left? Even if you have seventy-two lives, I will kill them one by one. Today, let everything in the past disperse with the wind. Let's put a complete end to all this.”

The Sky Emperor let out a ruthless roar, erupted out a terrifying power, and once again launched a strike at the esteemed elder spirit monkey battle companion.

Blood light filled the air, blood mist spreading everywhere.

“Ahhh, you can't kill me.” The body of the spirit monkey battle companion was restored once again.

The Sky Emperor fixed his giant claws onto the skull of the spirit monkey battle companion, shooting blue underworld light out from his eyes and penetrated the eye socket of the spirit monkey battle companion. He planned to use the destructive force of the underworld to completely erase the mind of the spirit monkey battle companion, destroying his soul——After all, the spirit monkey battle companion seemed to possess a body of immortality. The secret techniques passed down from that man was indeed frightening.

“Go on the path and put an end to everything.” The voice of the Sky Emperor reverberated between the heavens and the earth like an ancient bell.

Gradually, the body of the spirit monkey battle companion began to flicker with a strange blue colour, his resistance also weakening.

“Your Immortal body is not bad, but unfortunately it is not my own body. Considering the relationship with that person, I won't possess your body...” The Sky Emperor sneered, igniting the final killing intent.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1246:


Chapter 1260, New Empress

Boom!

Within the body of the spirit monkey battle companion, as if a massive chaotic explosion was happening, there were constantly blue flames sputtering out. The underworld blue fire was swallowing his body and soul.

“Not good.” Noticing that the situation was far from good, Wen Wan drew out a shadow with the blood axe, and charged over to the Sky Emperor.

Gao Diping, Ximen Yeshui and Hon Kong also acted at the same time.

“Stop them.” The sovereigns of the Dark Realm flashed.

At such a critical moment, even if they were inwardly afraid, they would never back down. The Sky Emperor evidently occupied the upper hand, and if they fail to perform well, after the incident, they would most likely end very miserably under the Sky Emperor's wrath.

Wen Wan and the others were intercepted.

The Sky Emperor did not care about what was happening around him. The underworld flames of annihilation jetted out from his eye sockets, constantly pouring into the body of the spirit monkey battle companion to completely kill him and put an end to the past. Back then he had once fought alongside the spirit monkey battle companion, they had relied and trusted on each other through life and earth situations on the Asura battlefield, but all this was in the past. Now that they had parted ways and took different paths for millions of years, when they meet again, how strong the friendship was in the past was how intense the hatred was now. They could no longer take into account the little friendship they had in the past.

“Rest in peace, I will choose a great tomb for you that matches up to your magnificence,” the Sky Emperor sighed.

The struggle of the spirit monkey battle companion was getting weaker and weaker.

The Sky Emperor had lost his soul and his strength had greatly declined, while the spirit monkey battle companion, because of some unknown reasons, had little strength left. Although his strength was slightly inferior to that of the Sky Emperor, the difference was little. But this was not the case anymore, because the Sky Emperor had fused with other people's secret techniques, and embarked on a different evil path.

“Please go on the road.” The Sky Emperor beamed out the last underworld flame from his eyes, and, like a blue divine sword, shot into the eye socket of the spirit monkey battle companion.

Just then, suddenly, a vast and magnificent Emperor aura began to surge up from the Snow capital outside Light City. This gush of Emperor power came incomparably abruptly, and the next moment the clouds and mist across thousands of kilometers were already frantically twisting. The atmosphere was vast and majestic, but in a flash that aura that resembled a deity had already swept across the entire imperial capital.

The Sky Emperor trembled all of a sudden, his mind thrown into disorder, and the last underworld flame, unable to accumulate, failed to inject into the eye socket of the spirit monkey battle companion.

He turned his head to look at where the new and strange Emperor power circulated from, when an expression of utter shock twisted his face, “No, this is not the great sublimation of an Emperor of the past, but the birth of a new Emperor... Who? I was aware that there is indeed a wisp of opportunity in Heaven Wasteland Domain, but there wasn't the existence of a person able to obtain this opportunity, why... what did I miscalculate?”

Another thing that was beyond his calculations had happened, giving the Sky Emperor a very bad feeling.

And the next moment, another thing that made the Sky Emperor feel even worse had happened.

A beam of violet light flashed above and instantly struck down, like a beam of lightning.

The Sky Emperor had an abrupt change of countenance, attempted to evade, but it was a little too late.

Swoosh!

The Flying Bear's body had exploded.

“The new Emperor is not yet stabilized, yet dares to act already?” In the midst of the roar, the blue energy liquid of the Sky Emperor had broken out from the body of the Flying Bear. Retreating rapidly, it re-condensed into a soul, face blurry, but with clear shock and anger.

Taking this opportunity, the spirit monkey battle companion freed himself, while the golden cudgel transformed into two golden dragons, dragging him out of the battlefield and to the steps of the Light Palace. At the same time, Wen Wan and others also drew back, blocking the stone steps, and the battle temporarily stopped.

The Sky Emperor's face darkened with rage, but he did not pursue and attack. Instead his eyes were fixed in the direction of the Emperor power.

The birth of a new Emperor was a major event.

Most importantly, in the aura of the new Emperor, he vaguely sensed some unfriendly elements.

In the distant sky, the mist had completely turned into violet flames, spinning incessantly like a vortex. The scene was incomparable astonishing. All of the living beings across the imperial capital felt a soul-trembling pressure, watching the vortex of cloud and mist growing larger and larger, until it seemed as though the entire vault of the sky had been engulfed in, like a secret door that leads to the Immortal Domain had been opened...

Then, a huge palm slowly stretched out from the other side of the vortex.

It was a palm formed from the violet mist and qi and the power of law.

It was a human hand.

The only thing that was strange was that there were seven fingers.

The palm slowly stretched out, pressed down, like a celestial being from another domain wanted to grab something at this moment.

And the direction that this seven fingered-palm was moving towards was the location of Light City.

On the fuzzy face of the Sky Emperor, the anger was increasingly obvious.

Because he clearly felt that the palm of violet law of chaos was directly pressing down in his direction.

“Going against me? Then be prepared to pay the price.” The Sky Emperor snorted. He attached no importance to a new Martial Emperor, but what really made him fear was that the world that was always within his grasp was beginning to change beyond his control. This was what he was most worried about.

Rumble!

The violet seven-fingered palm slammed down with thunderous force. In the blink of an eye, the entire Light City was covered by the giant palm, as though about to crush the entire Light City.

“Destroy.” The Sky Emperor erupted in a blaze of underworld blue light, soaring skywards in an attempt to shatter the violet seven-fingered palm.

The giant seven-fingered palm slightly moved in a fanning motion.

Boom!

The Sky Emperor's body was swatted away like a fly, falling heavily to the ground.

“The power of the Southern Underworld, the Seven Fingers Race? Impossible, the Seven Fingers Race is extinct.” The Sky Emperor’s expression turned grave. The Seven Fingers Race had long been erased from the world through some of his plans. How could there be the emergence of a new Emperor. The power of the Southern Underworld had a special restraining effect on his techniques, and thus the situation was very bad for him.

“Seven fingers are indestructible, the Southern Underworld suppresses evil.”

A clear and beautiful voice like the voice of a fairy of the Ninth Heaven reverberated between the heavens and earth.

The violet seven-fingered palm pressed down once again.

A look of fear finally came onto the Sky Emperor's face. He finally drew back at lightning speed, and no longer had any intention to take on this palm, because he was situated in the formation of the [Three Thousand Feet of Fallen Emperor Snow], which meant that his strength was significantly reduced. Adding to this, the force of the palm dropping from the sky had an absolute suppressive effect on him. He suspected that the Seven Fingers Race’s new Emperor most likely knew something and thus had been preparing for a long time. Otherwise, it was impossible for a new Emperor to be so strong.

He retreated, and the entourage of sovereigns also retreated at the same time.

The giant violet palm finally struck, but did not pursue and attack. The seven fingers folded back in, and directly held up the Light Palace that was suspended above the underground fire spirit spring. The giant palm shrank back into the violet vortex of cloud and mist in the sky.

“No, I've been tricked.”

The Sky Emperor's face darkened as he suddenly understood something. But it was already too late to intercept.

In the end, the Light Palace had vanished into the vortex of violet clouds and mist, along with Yu Xiaxoing, Wen Wan, the seriously wounded spirit monkey battle companion and others who were on the stone steps. All of them were taken away by the huge violet seven-fingered hand.

“Chase!”

The Sky Emperor's face was as gloomy as water.

He was now one hundred percent certain that the person he was looking for was in the Light Palace, but he was tricked by the little new Emperor, who took advantage of his fear of the Seven Fingers Race. The person had taken away the Light Palace by pretending to strike him. Just as his many years of search was about to end with a good result, it was ruined at the very last moment. How can he accept this?

The blue soul transformed into a stream of flowing light, directly shot skywards and entered into the vortex that was gradually sealing up.

The other sovereigns of the Dark Realm closely followed behind the Sky Emperor, no longer cared about the people and matters of the Snow capital. Like swallows returning to their nest, all had entered the violet cloud vortex in the blink of an eye.

Such a scene, for the tens of thousands of living beings of the Imperial capital was simply like a fairy tale.

The imperial capital was shaken.

But fortunately, from the beginning Yu Xiaoxing had already planned for the worst. All matters were arranged very well. Therefore, in the next period of time, even in the absence of the Empress, Lin Zheng and the other important officials, the empire was still operating in an orderly manner like before.

Of course, such a time will not last for too long.

……

“You are...”

Looking at the girl who was like a fairy from a painting, Yu Xiaoxing and the others couldn't help but marvel.

Whether it was Wen Wan, Hon Kong or the others, no one had ever seen such a person before. But from the violet Emperor aura that was radiating from the seemingly weak body of this beautiful woman, even without asking, they knew that she was the new Emperor who had saved them from the hands of the Sky Emperor.

The birth of a new Emperor should not have happened overnight. Logically speaking, this woman should have been a peerless heaven's prideling expert well known across the Vast Thousand Domains, but nobody had ever heard of the existence of a seven-fingered woman. It was as though she had appeared out of thin air. However, the only thing that made everyone feel slightly comfortable was that they felt sincere goodwill from the new Emperor. The other side was a friend and not an enemy.

“I pay my respects  to Your Majesty, I pay my respects  to all Lords.” The beautiful Emperor nodded, her tone of voice extremely friendly and kind. “I am called Shui Xiu, a descendant of the Seven Fingers Race. Back then Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu had several times saved me from the danger of death. I owe him a debt of gratitude. I have been living in the snow capital all these years, training painstakingly, and it was because I inadvertently obtained a wisp of opportunity that I had this breakthrough. When the Sky Emperor and the others came, I already sensed their presence, but unfortunately I was in the middle of the breakthrough and couldn't come right away.”

“Ah, you know Brother Qingyu.” Yu Xiaoxing finally relaxed completely when she heard this.

She then vaguely remembered that Ye Qingyu had indeed casually mentioned a Seven Fingers Race before, but at that time all her mind was on Ye Qingyu and did not care about such a small matter. What she did not expect was that she would meet an Emperor of the Seven Fingers Race today——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1247:


Chapter 1261, I am him

“The Sky Emperor will be here soon, I am no match for him.” Empress Shui Xiu was very frank. “The reason I attacked him previously was because I had the help of the condensed power of heaven and earth during the ascension to Martial Emperor. I am a new Empress, thus my Emperor qi had not completely transformed and is not stable yet.”

Everyone's heart sank when they heard this.

The spirit monkey battle companion was already in a state of sleep. After all, the underworld flame had damaged his divine soul, and under the self-protection ability of the soul he had fallen into a deep sleep. It was unknown when he would wake up, but it wasn't right to rely on him to withstand and delay time for them. Moreover, Yu Xiaoxing was unsure what the purpose of stalling for time would be since there was no definite arrival of reinforcements.

Unless Brother Qingyu can arrive in time.

She had heard from Yan Xingtian that Brother Qingyu was now known as Immortal God Emperor, the ruler of the Dark Realm. He may be able to match the Sky Emperor in strength, but the problem was that Heaven Wasteland Domain was sealed off, unable to contact the outside world. It was clear that the Sky Emperor had done this to isolate Heaven Wasteland Domain from Brother Qingyu and stop it from contacting the outside world. Water from afar can't help put out a fire nearby.

For a while, Yu Xiaoxing and Lin Zheng were at a loss on what to do.

Even though they were knowledgeable and intelligent, in the face of an ancient formidable person like the Sky Emperor, in the face of absolute strength, everything seemed ridiculous.

Shui Xiu's eyes swept over the Empress, faintly smiled, and said in a voice as calm as water: “the worst outcome is that we fight to death. There is nothing to fear.” Her expression was calm, and not in the slightest worried or anxious because of the danger and critical circumstances. All along her expression was weak and gentle like water, but in this weakness there was a resilience that not even Wen Wan and the other divine generals could match.

Not even a divine sword can destroy her resilience.

Yu Xiaoxing suddenly calmed down upon hearing this.

From Empress Shui Xiu’s body, there was a beauty that calms and heals one's mood. Any restlessness and anxiety will vanish like smoke in thin air in front of this temperament. “Yes, it’s just death, there is never an everlasting person.” Yu Xiaoxing suddenly felt everything before her had become clear at once. Empress Shui Xiu had nothing to do with this matter, but was also implicated. As one of the people involved, she even more should calmly face everything.

“The flow of space and time is somewhat difficult to control. I hope it can break through the seal of Heaven Wasteland Domain and find a way out before the Sky Emperor’s arrival,”

Empress Shui Xiu said.

At this time, everyone was enveloped in violet-coloured Emperor qi, including the Light Palace. The feeling of shuttling in the torrent of time and space was similar to diving in an ocean of chaos. They were surrounded by the endless turbulence of time and space, like ashes of chaos, frantically surging with great power of destruction. It was like a cosmic vacuum, but at the same time completely different.

Looking around, there were strange colours everywhere, like a distorted space. Without the violet Emperor qi, Yu Xiaoxing and the others, whose cultivation base was slightly weaker, would have been crushed into minced flesh in the space turbulence, or turned to dust in the time turbulence.

It was a feeling that many peerless experts in the world had never experienced before.

As everyone knows, as long as a martial artist's strength was sufficient, one can travel in the void turbulence, can shuttle back and forth in the cosmic vacuum of space. But it was only a Martial Emperor who could go against the turbulence of time and space, and under the circumstances of a disruption to the time and space, kill a vast majority of the living beings of the world.

The reason why Empress Shui Xiu brought everyone into the turbulence of time and space was because this environment can easily hide one's aura and can delay the time before the Sky Emperor finds them.

“Maybe we don't need to be too pessimistic,” Wen Wan spoke out all of a sudden.

Everybody twisted around to look at him.

Wen Wan scratched his head, saying, “The prophecy that His Highness left behind was that the day Sky Emperor finds the Light Palace, is when all the dust settles. The thousands of years of endurance will come to an end...” The ‘His Highness’ he mentioned was obviously the remarkable War God of the Snow Empire back then, also whom the Sky Emperor called the Divine Light Emperor.

“What does that mean? You mean His Highness had long predicted this so he would have made arrangements?” Lin Zheng’s eyes lit up.

To plan very carefully with every conceivable possibility taken to account for over thousands of years was something only His Highness could achieve.

All the people gazed at Wen Wan with anticipation.

Who would have thought that Wen Wan simply spread his hand open, saying, “I do not know what it means, but since His Highness had said so, he must have predicted what would happen today. As to whether there is an arrangement in place, I am not sure.”

Everyone's face darkened, completely speechless.

“Old Wen, you're talking nonsense, you might as well hide to one side and fart,” Ximen Yeshui uttered while picking his nose.

Wen Wan snapped, “You're the one who only farts... there must be a deep meaning in His Highness's arrangements. I believe that changes will happen.”

Ximen Yeshui cast a contemptuous look at the noodle maniac, and suddenly remembered something, “Say, your His Highness, where is he now? Why don’t we go find him, or you can contact him, perhaps he can come save us?”

Wen Wan's face turned gloomy, “I haven’t seen His Highness in many years, and do not know where he had gone... Many years have past. Since that year when His Highness arranged where to place us, he then disappeared. He did not tell us where he was going, and there’s no news of him ever since then. We simply cannot contact him.”

Back then, when the Snow Empire was founded, the Human Race of the Heaven Wasteland Domain was unified, it seemed peaceful on the surface, but in truth there were still a lot of things happening in the dark. Wen Wan remembered that His Highness had gathered all the Divine Generals under his command, and arranged a new identity and mission for everyone. Almost all matters were dealt with, regardless of its importance. Since then, like stars in the sky, they had all scattered, and even they did not know where each other were going. They had lost contact with each other. In particular, there was completely no trace of the married couple Divine General Shang and Divine General Jue. While Gao Diping, the spirit monkey battle companion and the martial artist of the shadow all appeared in the battle of the Light Palace later and finally contacted Wen Wan. Later, Wen Wan carefully pondered and assumed that Gao Diping and the others showed up at that time was also because His Highness’s arrangement. Back then, the identity that His Highness gave him, was to go serve as a teacher at White Deer Academy in Deer City, until fifteen years later when the badge was activated by Yu Qingyu’s yuan qi. It was only then that he began his next mission, left for Youyan Pass and secretly took care of Ye Qingyu.

Up until now, Wen Wan still did not understand why His Highness would know the existence of a youngster before his arrival into the world, and told him to do whatever it took to secretly guard him.

Later, Ye Qingyu's astonishing talent made Wen Wan roughly understand that in this world, every once in a while, there would be a real matchless genius born from the luck of heaven and earth, who carried the fate of an era and was destined to soar to the sky. In Wen Wan's view, His Highness must have predicted the appearance of such a person, so he had placed all the hope of turning everything around onto the protagonist of the new era.

And all along, Ye Qingyu 's way of thinking and strategy were in line with Wen Wan's expectations.

“Can't get in touch?” Ximen Yeshui said in deliberately exaggerated voice,“He won't be hiding right?”

Wen Wan raged, “Knock your teeth off.”

Fatty Wang Lijin promptly tried to stop the fight.

Following the quarrel between these two, the atmosphere in the Light Palace had finally relaxed by a lot. There was no longer a heavy feeling in their hearts.

At this time, Lan Tian suddenly came out of the palace hall.

Taking off his body armor and helmet, his sky blue hair was as bright as the waves.  He had in fact been in the Light Palace all along.

The Sky Emperor had guessed right. In the whole imperial capital, it was only when Lan Tian was hiding in the Light Palace that the Sky Emperor could not accurately sense his specific location. However, when the Sky Emperor realized this, Lan Tian's tracks was instead more thoroughly exposed.

“The one that the Sky Emperor is looking for is I.” Lan Tian, regardless of the obstruction of the thin and tall mysterious expert behind him, said each word loud and clear, “Send me out, he will certainly go after me first, at that time everyone has the opportunity to escape.”

“No.” Before waiting for others to speak, the slim and tall mysterious expert had directly refused, “Even if everyone present is dead, you still cannot fall into the hands of the Sky Emperor, absolutely not.” His response was unhesitating and with no room for negotiation.

Ximen Yeshui grumbled discontently when he heard this, “That said, although we really will not surrender to that so-called Sky Emperor, and would rather die, but our life is less valuable than this boy?”

The thin and tall mysterious expert snorted, blade-like brows raised, and was about to say something when Hon Kong stopped him at once. He knew that this comrade had a fiery temper and was stubborn and direct. If he were to say anything else, he most likely would have angered and offended everyone.

“Little brother don't be angry. Lan Tian can't fall into the hands of the Sky Emperor because this matter relates to the fate of the Vast Thousand Domains and the life and death of the Dark Realm. It is no small matter.” Hon Kong had no reason to hide anything anymore at this time. He explained, “Once the Sky Emperor gets Lan Tian, he will immediately restore the invincible strength he had in the past. At that time he can move unhindered across the world and slaughter all Emperors. There will no longer be anyone who can withstand his slaughter blade.”

The people looked shocked when they heard this, turning their head to look at Lan Tian.

From some things that had happened before, especially the dialogue between the spirit monkey battle companion and the Sky Emperor, everyone had already guessed that the Sky Emperor was now in a bizarre state, possessed only the soul body, and did not have even one tenth of the strength he had in the past. However, he was already terrifyingly strong, and the reason for this state seemed to be the result of a plan that the Divine Light Emperor had made. It was just that, the reason the Sky Emperor searched everywhere for Lan Tian was so he could restore the strength of the past? Why was this?

In the face of the puzzled gaze of everyone, Lan Tian smiled bitterly.

“Because... I am him.” He sighed. “Lan Tian is the Sky Emperor, the Sky Emperor is Lan Tian.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1248:


Chapter 1262, The secret of the Sky Emperor

What?

Everyone was dumbstruck when they heard what Lan Tian said.

“I am the flesh shell of the Sky Emperor.” Lan Tian continued to smile bitterly, “Back then, the Sky Emperor abandoned the practice of cultivation techniques when he became Emperor, and instead walked down the road of some bizarre space-time fiendgod methods, resulting in problems with himself. The flesh shell and the soul, unable to cope, wanted to break free. I separated from the control of the Sky Emperor, and produced an independent consciousness. The soul and flesh body were incompatible. The Sky Emperor's means are terrifying. He imprisoned me in the land of the broken Immortal, and then an opportunity came. With the help of the Divine Light Emperor, I broke out, and have been hiding outside of the area of his perception all this time. The Sky Emperor succeeded in the practice of bizarre space-time demonic methods, successfully contained the soul, but without the original flesh shell, he is still incomplete. He has been looking for his own flesh shell all this time. As long as they re-integrate, and he destroys my independent consciousness, he will become a complete body. At that time, his cultivation base will rise dramatically, and even the heavenly calamity obstructions the Divine Light Emperor had set up in the Vast Thousand Domains will be destroyed by him. He will lead the army of darkness under his command to destroy the Vast Thousand Domains. Everything will be under his control,” Lan Tian succinctly explained his origin.

Yu Xiaoxing and the others first stared speechless at each other, and soon were utterly shocked.

Wan Wan also did not expect Lan Tian's true origin to be this.

Especially Yu Xiaoxing. She knew that back then Ye Qingyu was also quite curious about Lan Tian's background, and had mentioned it several times before. But it was clear that Ye Qingyu had not discovered this secret, but just instinctively found it a little strange.

It was no wonder that the great horde of beasts had attacked Deer City several times.

The Sky Emperor must have been vaguely aware that Lan Tian could be in Deer City——During the previous two attacks, the Sky Emperor might not have been fully certain of his whereabouts. However, it was clear that there must be many places he had suspected, which had been tested by the horde of beasts, and Deer City was the only one in Heaven Wasteland Domain. Because Heaven Wasteland Domain was only connected to the Vast Thousand Domains for a short period of time, the Sky Emperor was unable to determine all this for a long time. It was only until the third attack of the horde of beasts that, because of some clues, he finally was aware of the truth.

It was no wonder that the Sky Emperor must find Lan Tian at all costs.

It turned out that the youngster with long, sky blue-coloured hair, who never seemed to age, was the flesh of the Sky Emperor.

Such a secret, if it hadn’t come from the mouth of Lan Tian, besides Hon Kong and the mysterious thin and tall expert, the other people would absolutely not think of it.

Even the new Empress Shui Xiu found it extremely surprising.

The statement that the flesh and soul were separated had never been heard of before. In general, it was only after the destruction of a martial artist's body that the soul would exist alone, and needed to be seized as soon as possible or find a new body, otherwise the cultivation base would deteriorate and the strength greatly damaged. The Sky Emperor's situation was extremely rare. According to Lan Tian, it was because the Sky Emperor, after achieving the Martial Emperor realm, had turned to practice other techniques, resulting in the incompatibility between the Emperor body and soul. Presumably it is only when one’s martial arts cultivation base reaches the extreme degree of the Sky Emperor that such a strange thing would happen.

The eyes of the crowd were fixed on Lan Tian.

After the truth had come out, everyone could be sure that with Lan Tian around, it was equivalent to carrying a natural signal source. Without the isolation force set up by someone like the Divine Light Emperor, no matter how far everyone escapeed to in this torrent of time and space, the Sky Emperor could still accurately find them. It was only a matter of time.

Wen Wan and Gao Diping were also a little surprised.

Because the two of them also did not know about this matter.

But this was normal, because His Highness had always taken almost everything into account, and arranged many tricks and plans. Although they were both trusted aides who His Highness rely heavily upon, not everything was known to them.

Ximen Yeshui stroked his chin, as though he had thought of something, and grinned, “So, I suddenly thought of a good way to solve the problem...” Waiting until the eyes of the crowd all fell on him, he then stared at Lan Tian and said righteously, “If I make a move now, kill you, and let you turn to ashes, then the Sky Emperor would never find you, never get his original flesh shell, and never be able to restore his peak power. Wouldn't this put things right once and for all?”

Everybody quivered inwardly when they heard this.

Although Ximen Yeshui wore a detestable expression, his proposal made a lot of sense.

This was indeed a solution.

But the problem was that it was cruel and unfair to Lan Tian.

Lan Tian smiled bitterly, shaking his head, and was just about to explain something.

The thin and tall expert sneered coldly, “Such a stupid way, do you think you're smart? If there is a way in this world to destroy him, then I would have already done it. I definitely would have turned him to ashes and make him disappear from this world. The problem is... no... back then, I have received great kindness from the Divine Light Emperor, so I vowed to repay him by ensuring that this boy does not fall into the hands of the Sky Emperor. I have protected him for so many years. Your simple way, if it works, I would have already killed him a million times. Do I need to wait for you to tell me? You think you're clever?”

Ximen Yeshui was taken aback.

Lan Tian also nodded, his expression extremely sincere, “I am the flesh shell of the Sky Emperor. The Sky Emperor’s former cultivation base has already reached an unimaginable level, and the flesh body has been refined to the extreme peak state. Even Emperor weapons cannot destroy him completely. After the flesh shell and soul separated, the Sky Emperor used the fiendgod  contract method to establish a contract with the flesh shell. As long as his soul is undestroyed, the flesh shell will remain. So now I, although it seems that my cultivation base isn’t high, I am in an Immortal state. If it wasn’t for this reason, I would have long been tired of all this and ended myself already.”

Ximen Yeshui stared dumbfounded at him.

Yu Xiaoxing and the others, looking at the expression of the thin and tall mysterious expert and Lan Tian, also could tell that this wasn’t a lie.

“Then all we can do is fight to the end.” Yu Xiaxoing smiled. “Do our best, as long as we do all we could, it doesn’t matter what the result is. It is not something we can guarantee. I hope His Highness really has something prepared.”

Everyone nodded.

At this point that was the only way.

Empress Shui Xiu pondered for a moment, then her eyes fell on the Light Palace. “I can feel that this palace contains terrifying force. It is a treasure, if I operate the formations in this place with Emperor qi, perhaps I can block him for a period of time...”

Before her voice faded, her expression abruptly changed, “He’s here.”

In the distant torrent of time and space, came a very terrifying power, and vaguely blue flames were seen flowing in, approaching everyone at lightning speed.

“Everyone quick get into the Light Palace,” Yu Xiaoxing exclaimed.

Without hesitation, the others all entered the Light Palace.

Rumble!

An ancient noise sounded, as the gate of the palace slowly rumbled shut.

In the next instant, the Sky Emperor's followers were already thousands of meters away.

“You can't go,” the Sky Emperor roared from afar, and with a raise of his hand, a blue palm of thousands of meters wide, with incomparably tyrannical power, moved toward the Light Palace in an attempt to grab hold of it directly.

Boom!

A silver flame shot out from the Light Palace, overflowing with Emperor qi, and dispersed the giant blue palm.

“Huh?” the Sky Emperor exclaimed.

But he understood what had happened the next moment.

“So the new Empress of the Seven Fingers Race is controlling the palace. Hmph, you want to use the power of this treasure to fight against me? Unfortunately, in this world, besides him, no one knows this treasure more than I do. Even if it falls in your hands, it is just a pearl covered in dust. You won't be able to display any of its true power. If you want to obstruct me then you have to think harder,” the Sky Emperor sneered.

After ten seconds, they had completely caught up to the Light Palace.

The group of people landed on the steps of the gate of the Light Palace.

“All the secrets of the palace and the methods to control it, I understand very well,” the Sky Emperor sighed regretfully. “It's time for you to restore your true face.”

His palm gently rubbed a stone pillar outside the Light Palace, when a strange force rippled out. The originally black pillars, walls, foundation and stone steps were gradually flickering a silver brilliance. It was as though there was an invisible force erasing this black colour. Soon the appearance of the entire palace had changed. All the colours were turned to pure silver, and the whole palace looked as though it was constructed from Immortal silver. It was no longer as solemn and gloomy as it was before, but became sacred and pure, radiating Immortal qi and full of dreamy tones.

Evidently, this was the true form of the Light Palace back in the ancient years.

Having done all this, the Sky Emperor slowly came to the palace gate, raised his hand and pressed on the door, pushing gently.

“Open!”

He operated the control method, ready to open the palace door.

To his surprise and disbelief, the door that should have opened in response was inactive.

“Huh? Open!” The Sky Emperor attempted again.

The door still did not move a jot.

The Sky Emperor’s countenance changed abruptly.

Back then, he had also controlled this Light Palace and was fully aware of its secrets, but now he couldn’t open this door?

What was going on?

He fixed his palm to the silver door and began to sense the changes.

In the end, in his eyes, there was a strange flicker of light, “The core formation of the temple has changed... She is able to do this, alter the Immortal object that doesn't belong in this world... How is that impossible, after all, she hasn’t transcend worldliness. How can she alter the core of the Immortal object... If that’s the case, then it’s going to be a little bit troublesome.”

Eventually, he tried to bombard the entrance with violence.

Although the Immortal object was powerful, the person who was controlling the Immortal object was not that person. Thus this method can also be attempted.

But he was disappointed.

No matter how strong the force, no matter how he bombarded the silver door of the palace, like a clay ox entering the sea, it eventually disappeared without a trace——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

