Chapter 277:


There were two powers that the [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike] had.

One was that it ignored all the footwork the opponent had, nearing instantly.

The second was that it could seal away all the inner yuan of the opponent for a moment.

Light flashed by.

Ye Qingyu darted by the rumbling tiger's aura around Zhao Shanhe, appearing in front of him.

Zhao Shanhe's expression changed.

He had full and utter confidence in himself, but he was still surprised by this abnormal technique. With Ye Qingyu's strength, he should have absolutely no way of breaking past his tiger's aura, but he instantly came before him.

But it was only just a surprise.

He lifted his hand.

HIs right hand transformed into the paw of a primordial tiger.

"Scram!"

Zhao Shanhe smiled.

HIs tiger's paw, was like slapping away a fly, landing on the [Little Shang sword].

Boom!

A power that was like a mountain was released, advancing.

Ye Qingyu's expression changed, turning red instantly. A trace of blood leaked from the corner of his mouth. The [Little Shang sword] in his hand flew out, a sharp sword flying through the air. In the blink of an eye, it turned into a speck of light, not knowing just where it flew to.

"Strong!"

This was the first thought that appeared in Ye Qingyu's mind.

He had never imagined that a person could be this strong.

In their brief moment of contact, Ye Qingyu felt that there was an ancient mountain pressing down on his whole body.

HIs inner organs were hurt by the impact, burning like fire.

"Pugh!"

He could finally not bear it any longer, spitting out a mouthful of blood.

Ye Qingyu wavered at the edge of the Water Ray arena. There was shock in the eyes which he used to regard Zhao Shanhe with.

The surrounding Jianghu people finally let out cheers after being so silent for so long.

The worried hearts of countless Jianghu disciples, could finally be laid at rest.

There was finally someone who was able to block Ye Qingyu's momentum?

And this could not be counted as a block .This was a complete domination, pressuring him all the way. In their first clash of moves, Ye Qingu was like an egg in front of a stone when facing the [Tiger Saint Child]. Anyone could tell that Ye Qingyu was injured and the injuries were not light. He could not restore his invincible aura from before.

The disciples of the Dragon Tiger sect had pride and joy written on every one of their faces, like this was a celebration festival.

The [Tiger Saint Child] showing off made every Dragon Tiger sect disciple feel proud.

"Kill him!"

It was unknown who was the person who shouted.

"Thats right, kill him, kill the butcher Ye Qingyu."

"Slaughter him, take vengeance for Elder Gao Han."

"Please [Tiger Saint Child], eliminate that scum."

"Kill him!"

"Kill him!"

Countless voices and shouts sounded in Bright Moon Lake.

Those excited Jianghu disciples were like the most fervent disciples that wanted to kill and exterminate outsiders. There was fire burning in the eyes of everyone. Countless fingers pointed at the direction of the Water Ray arena, pointed at the young man inclothes stained with blood. It was as if this handsome youth was the most horrifying demon in the world.

Song Qingluo was so worried that she was about to cry.

The scene that she was most worried about the most had finally arrived.

The Proud Sky Center ultimately was not White Deer Academy. The Jianghu was even more brutal and dangerous. Right now, Ye Qingyu was no longer the student of that day; he was a person of the Empire. Once he stepped into this identity, the enemies he faced were even more cruel and merciless, and so powerful it was terrifying .He no longer face noble students like Qin Wushuang...

Facing the [Tiger Saint Child] that was so ridiculous strong, Ye Qingyu did not seem to have any chance of winning.

Right now, what should she do?

Song Qingluo wanted to scream.

But her scream was completely enveloped by this wave and shout of mad anger. It was so little it was unoticable.

No one noticed her.

No one paid any attention to her.

When her trembling voice shouted out Ye Qingyu's name, only Dugu Dixiu beside her looked at her with concern. Other people thought this beautiful young girl was doing the same action as they were doing, cursing at this Youyan demon who had slaughtered the Jianghu experts.

"Do you know the difference between us now?"

Zhao Shanhe mocked his opponent.

Opposite.

Ye Qingyu was silent.

……

……

"How are you? Are you okay?"

In the dark space, Bai Yuanxing's body touched the young man who was also tied up.

There was a series of intense coughing. The young man moved his body slightly: "It's fine... I'm fine."

There was not any light at all; it was incomparably dark.

Bai Yuanxing had relied on the aura of the young person to realize he was not dead yet. In this dark space, Bai Yuanxing had no idea what the other person looked like, but he knew the approximate identity of that person. From the person's voice, he could roughly manage to judge that it was a young man of around twenty years of age.

"Brother Bai, Ling'er is afraid..."

In the darkness, there was a soft little hand that tightly clenched onto Bai Yuanxing's arm.

It was Jin Ling'er.

Bai Yuanxing could clearly remember that early in the morning, when he had not even left Hundred Herb Hall further than a thousand meters, he fainted without any prior warnings. The last voice before he lost his consciousness was Jin Ling'er's shocked exclamation.

When he woke up, he felt a splitting pain in his head, his body weak and painful. He could not muster any power at all. And the environment he was at was like an icy underground cave without any light whatsoever. Shackles bounded his arms and legs, making him unable to move in the slightest. Jin Ling'er was like a frightened little lamb, tightly clenching onto his arm without letting go.

"Ling'er, don't be afraid. I'm here," Bai Yuanxing reassured the child who was not even five years ago. "Marquis will definitely save us."

"En," Jin Ling'er replied without much conviction.

He leaned against Bai Yuanxing. Perhaps because he was still a small child, he was not bound by shackles.

"Hey, who are you two… that you would be captured?" The young man that was bound with shackles against the wooden scaffold asked in a wheezing voice.

"We are people of the White Horse tower." Bai Yuanxing quickly thought of a response in his head. Their identity was not a secret, so there was no need to hide this. Having answered, he asked, "Just where is this? Who were you captured by? Do you know their identity?"

"White Horse tower? I haven't heard of it before..." The young man let out a sigh, his tone bitter, "As for where this is… even I don't know. I've already been here for a very long time, I've even already forgotten how many days have passed… did you say that someone would come and rescue you?"

"Definitely," Bai Yuanxing said in an utterly confident tone.

In a very short period of time, Marquis Ye would definitely discover that they were missing. With Marquis Ye's ability and methods, even turning over the entire Youyan pass in search of them was a possibility. They would definitely be saved.

This was not him fooling himself.

This was the powerful confidence that was constructed from following beside Ye Qingyu. In Bai Yuanxing's notion of the world, there was nothing that his master could not do.

"Haha..."

The young man beside them started to laugh.

"Give up, no one will come save you." He used an incomparably despairing tone and said tragically, "There is no one from the Jianghu who can save you. No one can defeat the guards outside..."

"The guards outside?" Bai Yuanxing's eyes brightened. "You've seen them? Then you know who they are...."

Before he had even finished.

Creak!

The metal gate was opened.

A piercing light entered from the crevice of the door.

Bai Yuanxing subconsciously looked towards the direction of the doorway. There was white light all across his vision. He could largely see that it was not yet noon outside. Then a figure rushed in, closing the door yet again.

Within the darkness, there was the sound of fire being lit.

Pang!

A flame appeared.

The torch on the wall was lit up.

There was the crackling sounds of fire.

Bai Yuanxing could finally see just what environment he was in. It was a rusty room that was akin to a prison. There were some sinister crimson red implements distributed all around. It was unknown whether this was from rust or from blood. The size of the room was not large and there were air vents on the corners of the room around the size of a fist. It was unknown just where this led. There was not any light entering at all.

The young man who was locked up beside them had a messy hair and a dirty face. His chaotic hair hid his face, and the clothes on his body was ragged. But it seemed like he had not suffered much, without any injuries on his body. But perhaps it was because he had been confined in this dark isolated room for too long a time, he seemed quite weak.

Next to Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er was held by a metal collar. This was held by a two-meter-long chain, where the other side was secured to a large metal ring on the wall. Perhaps because he was a child, he was not bound by shackles, and he was permitted to freely move in the area of the chain.

The person who lit the torch was a young man who was around seventeen or eighteen.

The young man seemed somewhat skinny and weak and had a common face. He did not seem to be anyone sinister, wearing a uniformed martial artist clothing. He seemed to be a disciple of the sects.

He casually placed the torch in the wall, then place three portions of food on the floor. Opening the lid, it seemed to be somewhat simple and plain rice and vegetables.

"Eat something."

The young man placed the food in front of the three.

"Who are you? Why have you captured us?" Bai Yuanxing shouted loudly.

The young man shook his head, not replying .He gestured with his hand for them to be quieter.

"Speak, just who are you? Where is this?" Bai Yuanxing began to struggle, the shackles clanking against each other.

"Don't ask, he's only a little pawn, he doesn't know anything. It's no use in asking him..." The weak young man who had been bound for heaven knows how long suddenly opened his mouth, "I've long tried. This person is only a lackey. He's like a mute; I can't get anything from him!”

"Eat, eat something. Only then can you live on." The young man repeated similar words, then looked towards Bai Yuanxing. "Don't waste your energy. If senior sister Nan enters, then you will be punished."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 278:


Senior sister Nan?

Bai Yuanxing did not know of this senior sister Nan that this youth mentioned, but she definitely had something to do with the people who had captured them.

His thoughts began to grow clear after being chaotic initially.

He and Jin Ling'er were both minor characters. Both their backgrounds, meant they did not have any value. The only reason that they were captured was that they were doing this to target Marquis Ye.

They wanted to use both of them to threaten the Marquis?

As he realized this, Bai Yuanxing's heart began to beat acutely.

"Even if I die, I can't allow the Marquis to be threatened."

Nearly at the same instant as he realized what they intended to do, such a thought occurred inhis mind.

In a split second, Bai Yuanxing was about to carry out such an action. But after seeing Jin Ling'er beside him, he realized that the matter was not yet as desperate as committing suicide. The first thing he needed to do was not to die, but to protect Ling’er.

After all, he was still the Marquis' 'disciple'.

As well as the descendant of the brave warriors of Youyan pass.

Furthermore, even if he died right now, the enemy could still make something up. News of his death would not be known, so the Marquis would still be held hostage and be afraid to act.

Since the enemy would dare to so brazenly act and kidnap him and Ling'er within Youyan Pass in secrecy, they must have countless other methods behind this; they must have planned for a long time. He was alive right now, although he was in the control of the enemy. As long as he remained alive, he could still investigate matters for Marquis.

As this thought occurred to him, Bai Yuanxing was no longer as anxious.

The locked room was lit.

The strange young man who brought food was exceedingly patient.

The young weak man next to Bai Yuanxing and Bai Yuanxing himself had no way of eating food because they were completely constrained. The silent young man fed them food bit by bit into their own mouths, using a towel to wipe their lips. Then in a practiced motion, he helped them knead the muscles around their bodies, reminding them kind heartedly, "After being shackled by too long, your blood will not flow well and your body may well end up crippled. If you can move a little bit, you have to move a little bit. Don't be afraid of pain, superficial wounds are fine, but if blood does not flow to an area, you may end up a cripple..."

Awaiting until Jin Ling'er had finished eating and lightly rubbing Ling'er's head, he turned and took away the torch on the wall. Packing away the food containers, he was about to leave...

At this time, Jin Ling'er, who had always stood quietly and obediently, suddenly had bright eyes. Charging forwards immediately, like an enraged little tiger, he quickly neared the young man, and struck at the back of the young man’s head with the chop of his hand.

Jin Ling'er's talent was exceedingly high.

He had trained with Ye Qingyu for several months and had also been immersed in all sorts of herbs and medicines. He was already at the early stages of the Ordinary Martial level. His palm strike was like the wind, with great power behind it. If he struck a stone, it would even be crushed into pieces.

This young man seemed as if he did not sense anything at all.

Pak!

The hand chop landed squarely on the back of the young man's neck.

But the expected picture of the young man fainting did not appear. Instead, Jin Ling'er let out a pained exclamation, holding his hand as he retreated rapidly. He had caused himself pain, grimacing, like he had struck metal.

Bai Yuanxing shivered, nearly cursing out loud.

Before he could say anything, the young man had already stowed away the food containers and then stood up. It was as if nothing had happened whatsoever. He took out the torch from the wall, took out the keys on his waist and placed it into the keyhole in the metal door...

"Little kid, don't be naughty. Your strength is still too weak, thankfully this time it's only me. If it were the other senior brothers here to give you guys food, then you would be in danger. Don't do anything and just stay here honestly.”

The moment the door opened, the young man suddenly turned around and said such a sentence to Jin Ling'er. Opening the door of the closed room, he walked out with the food containers.

The metal door was once again locked. The room once again returned to darkness.

Bai Yuanxing's worried heart was finally placed at rest.

"Ling'er, are you okay?" he asked in concern.

"I'm fine." There was the sound of Jin Ling'er’s shaken voice coming from the darkness, panting. "That person's neck is so hard, like it's made of metal. My bones were nearly broken.”

"You were lucky. The person who delievered food is Li Rui. If it was that female demon surnamed Nan, then she would definitely have chopped one of your limbs off..." the weak young man bound on the post could not help but say.

"Ling'er, don't cause trouble anymore, understand?" Bai Yuanxing sweated cold bullets.

"Ling'er knows. The little fellow was obviously shaken, quickly nodding his head in agreement.

There was a period of silence in the dark room.

After a long while, Bai Yuanxing could not help but ask, "Brother, so who are you that would be captured?"

"Me? Their mother..." The young man could not help but angrily curse. Although the darkness made them unable to discern his face, but one could imagine his expression of rage. In a furious tone he said, "I wish I knew why I was captured... their mother, just what did I do wrong? I was in the [Drunken Pavilion] just drinking and enjoying the music before I was beaten up with sticks by people. When I woke up, I was already here..."

"[Drunken Pavilion]?" Bai Yuanxing's brain quickly pondered. What restaurant was the [Drunken Pavilion] within Youyan Pass?

"Hehe, don’t tell me you don't know what the [Drunken Pavilion] is. It's the most popular place for you to spend your money in the entire Heaven Ripple City. Haha, the person in charge of the [Drunken Pavilion] is famed even in the entire South West great provinces. If you've never heard of it before, you're not a man..." The weak young man began chuckling meaningfully.

"What did you say?" Bai Yuanxing could not help but exclaim. " Heaven Ripple City? The Heaven Ripple that is within the South West of the Empire in the Red Leaf province? You mean, we are in Heaven Ripple City?"

"Of course we are in Heaven Ripple City, otherwise just where do you think we are?" The young man replied in a matter of fact tone.

"But..." Bai Yuanxing considered. "We were captured in Youyan Pass…”

"What?" The weak young man lost his composure. "Youyan Pass? The North West of the Empire? The territory where the human and demon race wage war? A hundred thousand miles away? You... are you joking?"

Bai Yuanxing was momentarily silent.

As he was still digesting such inexplicable news, he said slowly, “I am not joking. According to my conjecture, we should still be in Youyan Pass right now."

"How is this possible." The young man had no way of believing such a statement. "How can this be? I... I am just a minor character in the Jianghu. I only like to cause trouble and fight with others normally, but these are all just small matters. It's impossible for me to offend any important figures, that they would catch me in the [Drunken Pavilion] of Heaven Ripple and bring me to Youyan Pass? Do you know just how many dimensional gates we need to pass to get here? Such a huge expense..."

"Therefore, you believe you are still in Heaven Ripple City?” Bai Yuanxing pondered this then he asked again, "You should know this. From the time we've been placed here to the time we were awake, just how long has passed?"

"This... about four hours," the young man thought about it carefully, then said such an uncertain answer. "In such a place where we cannot see daylight at all, I am already about to go crazy. I've completely lost all sense of time."

Four hours?

Bai Yuanxing considered.

If this was so, then they must definitely still be in Youyan Pass.

The young man who was responsible for delivering food did not have a high status, but his strength was unfathomable. The force controlling everything from behind the scene must be terrifying. In the entire Youyan Pass, the only group able to do this apart from the army, were the people of the sects.

The Marquis had once punished the people of the sects with harsh methods and as a result, offended many sects. Such a reaction was within reason.

But today was the day that the Martial Alliance meeting with Youyan Pass would truly begin. Therefore, those people had taken a gamble and kidnapped him and Ling'er. Did they want to do something or target the Marquis in the Martial Alliance meeting?

It must be so.

But only the top 6 sects were able to execute such a plan, even within the sects. And only they had the requirements to obtain any benefits resulting from the Martial Alliance meeting.

"We must think of a way to escape. We can't just sit here," Bai Yuanxing said determinedly.

"Escape? How?" the weak young man said in frustration. "I've been bound for so long that I don't even know what is happening outside anymore. Do you think I don't want to escape? But I'm tightly bound to this post; it's hard for me to even shift about. not to mention escaping…"

"We only need to plan well. There's definitely a way." There was determination and confidence in Bai Yuanxing's voice.

Because he had average talent and came from a lowly background, he had suffered difficulties and discrimination in Youyan Pass. His mentality and heart had long been trained to become unshakably determined. In Ye Qingyu's world, only Ye Congyun, who had a similarly painful experience, could be compared to Bai Yuanxing.

Even if they entered such a hopeless environment, they would not despair, they would not give up.

After carefully thinking and looking over everything in his mind he suddenly realized. Bai Yuanxing opened his mouth, "Did you notice that the door of this room is not made from a formation lock? And there is not any energy from a formation array on the walls..."

"And so what?" the young man said in a suspicious tone.

"That means the person who imprisoned us is very clever. If they used a formation lock and array to imprison us, then Marquis will definitely be able to find our traces. Because for a martial expert, if they are strong enough ,they can expand their consciousness. The stronger the formation lock, the more easily it is to discover. They must have considered this point and used the weak and more primitive iron shackles on us. There must not be any guards outside or it's not guarded as heavily. Because if there is, it would definitely raise suspicions. Therefore, if we are able to open that door, there must definitely be an opportunity to escape..." Bai Yuanxing said, outlining his analysis word by word.

"This... seems to make a little sense..." The young man nodded his head, then shook his head in frustration. "But even if it makes sense, there's no meaning. Our hands and legs are tied and we can't even move. How do we open the metal door?"

"We can't move, but we still have Ling'er." Bai Yuanxing bit his teeth. "Ling'er can go to the position of the metal door. We must pretend the dead horse is still alive when we treat it. We must give it a try."

The young man fell silent, not saying anything.

"Ling'er can try." Jin Ling'er mustered his courage. There was a sound of searching within the darkness, then they could hear the little fellow's excited laughter. "Brother Yuanxing, I found a piece of metal, it should be able to enter into the keyhole."

"What's the use if you found a piece of metal? It's completely pitch dark, you won't even be able to see the keyhole..." the weak young man said angrily.

"This is very simple," Jin Ling'er said laughingly. "I am of the shadow attribute. I can see everything clearly within the darkness. I am able to see everything here.”

"What?"

As the young man heard this, it was like he heard the greatest news of his life. He began cheering excitedly.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 279:


"Shadow attribute?" Little brat, you can really see in the darkness?" The young man was greatly overjoyed.

"Of course, who would lie to you," Jin Ling'er said proudly. "You are the brat, watch what you say."

“Haha, this little brat is really proud. En..." The young man tilted his head in thought, then opened his mouth. Asking probingly, "Fine, little fellow, let brother test you. Speak, how many fingers am I holding up?"

In the darkness, the young man extended his finger silently.

"One finger," Jin Ling'er said without any hesitation.

The shackles once again moved in the darkness. The young man asked again, "And right now?”

"Three fingers."

"And right now?"

"Five fingers."

"And right now?”

"You haven't extended any fingers.”

In the darkness, there was a delight that others could not identify flickering in his eyes.

He deeply breathed in, as if he had made some sort of decision. Nodding his head, "Fine, right now, I really believe you can see in the dark. Things are much more simpler now. Little brat, go over there carefully and see what shape the lock is on the metal door.”

"Why do I have to listen to you?" Jin Ling'er said grumpily.

"You little brat, you are so troublesome... because only I can save you, so you must listen to me," the young man said in an exasperated tone. "If you can really see in the darkness, then things will become much easier."

"Ling'er, go over there and have a look," Bai Yuanxing, who was by the side, finally opened his mouth.

He was not aware of the young man's identity or just where his confidence originated from, or why he asked Ling'er to have a look at the lock, but any possibility that they had to escape must be examined. They just had to be careful, that was all.

Furthermore, this young man seemed to be a person who ‘would not release the hawk till he saw the rabbit’. For him to say such words on his own initiative, he must have some confidence in himself.

"Mm, okay, Brother Yuanxing," Jin Ling'er obediently agreed.

There was the sound of the steel shackles moving in the darkness.

After a while, Jin Linger’s voice sounded out again, "This lock is strange. It is round on the outside, but after half an inch, it becomes triangular. After another inch, it changes again. This... En, it seems like its..."

“It's like flat sawtooth, is that right?" the weak young man interrupted.

Jin Ling'er looked at it for a while more. His voice sounded out, "Hey, how did you know?"

"Haha, of course I know. This type of lock is called [Three Inch Locks the Light]. It's a rare type of implement to prevent theft. Not to mention opening it, many people have not even heard of its name. Haha, but I am the great and famous..." the young man said proudly with an excited laugh, but suddenly stopped midway through the sentence, not finishing. Changing the subject, "That's right, did you say you found a piece of metal just now? How many inches is it?"

"Around five inches," Jin Ling'er replied.

"And how wide and thick is it?”

"It's very thin, about half a finger's width."

The young man smiled, "That's enough, that's enough. Fine, you can come closer. Have a look at the manacles on my arms and legs. What shape are they? Have a detailed look..."

"Why should I have a look at yours first?“ Jin Ling'er countered. "You want me to open the locks for you? No, I need to first look at the locks on brother Yuanxing first. If you really have the ability, then help me first unlock his shackles. Only then will I help you.”

Bai Yuanxing did not have anything to say.

The young man was taken aback in the darkness, then smiled, "You little brat, you have so many devious plans... Fine, we'll listen to you. Haha, but since we are working together right now, you have to be a little more cooperative. Otherwise, even if we are free from these shackles, we can't open the [Three Inch Locks the Light], and therefore we can't exit from this room.”

Jin Ling'er did not say anything more, coming to Bai Yuanxing's side. He examined the shackles on his arms and legs. As he examined it, he also described it, communicating with the young man.

"This is an ordinary iron lock, it can't trouble me." The young man was exceedingly confident. After listening to this, he said, "You have to grind the piece of metal down, leaving two inches for the handle. After one inch, after a certain distance, you have to grind a triangle crevices equal distance away from each other. In the middle part, after a certain distance, there must be a pointed edge. And finally at the last inch, you have to create a saw toothed edge, that has ten jagged parts, pointing outwards, then pointing inwards... Do you understand what I've said?"

"Of course I understand, it's so simple," JIn Ling'er casually answered, then began grinding.

There was the sound of metal striking each other in the dark room.

Although it was a metal piece that was not that thick, it still took some effort in grinding it to the desired shape. Cautious of making any mistake, Jin Ling'er proceeded very carefully. Although he normally looked cheerful and bright, he was exceedingly cautious when it came to actually doing things.

Time passed by minute by minute, second by second.

Because he was able to see the hope of escaping, Bai Yuanxing felt that time was passing far too slowly. But he did not open his mouth to rush Jin Ling'er, he did not want to give pressure to this little fellow.

A decent amount of time passed by yet again.

Jin Ling'er had not even finished half of the grinding.

Bai Yuanxing wanted to get rid of the tense and nervous atmosphere in the air. "What's your name? If you are able to escape, do you have any friends you can rely on? I am familiar with Youyan Pass, I can arrange some matters for you."

"Haha, friends?" The young man let out a faint smile. "I don't have any close friends. My mother and my father were killed tens of years ago. And the people from my grandfather's generation have all died. This world is large, but i've long grown to being used to having no one to rely on. If the outside really is Youyan Pass, then I should really experience the glory of the Northern Empire."

"This... sorry, I should not have mentioned this." Bai Yuanxing lightly sighed, apologized, then said with some emotion, "There are people with the same fate everywhere. My parents also died when I was eight in the battlefield between the demon race and Youyan Pass. I've not seen my mother since I was small. It is said that she disappeared not long after I was born..."

"Haha, so your life was so tragic. Haha, then I feel happier." The young man's tone was delightful, quickly becoming cheerful again.

Bai Yuanxing: "...”

He suddenly felt that attempting to use words to comfort this fellow was a mistaken decision.

After a brief moment of silence.

“I'm called Xiao Buliu," the weak young man said beside him. "What about you, the little brat called you brother Yuanxing, you are called Yuanxing?”

"Bai Yuanxing."

"Eh? This name is somewhat meaningful.

"How is it meaningful?"

"Haha, of course it's meaningful. Look, you are called Bai Yuanxing, I am called Xiao Buliu, we are somewhat fated. Buliu(leaving) must definitely go Yuanxing (far away). Haha..." The young man began laughing again.

Bai Yuanxing was hesitant

Then in the darkness he also began grinning silently.

"You seem to like to laugh." Bai Yuanxing changed the subject. "According to what you say, you've been trapped here for at least one and a half months. To be able to endure till now in such a pitch black environment everyday, your will must be very strong."

"At the start I nearly went crazy. But I realized that if I die, there would be no one to take vengeance for the death of my parents. If it died just like that, will my enemies laugh till their lips split open?" Xiao Buliu grinded his teeth. "So when I was at the boundary of mental collapse, I kept telling myself, ‘no matter what, I must survive’. Then that person called Li Rui, kept bringing food day after day, conversing with me. Although it was all pointless topics and conversations, and he did not obtain any useful information from my lips, but at least there was something to distract me everyday. I gradually grew used to it."

"Just who were the people who killed your parents? Martial artists? Or..." Bai Yuanxing could not bear but ask. "Perhaps I can help you."

"Help me?" Xiao Buliu smiled. "You can't help me. That person's fame is quite significant in the South West martial scene. Furthermore, he's a person that is famed for doing good, there are hundreds if not thousands of people who helped him before. There are countless people from the Murim that goes to pay their greetings to him regularly, and his strength is also exceedingly terrifying. I tried to take vengeance over a thousand times, but no matter what method I used, I could not kill him.

"For your enemy to be like such a person? This..." A thought could not help but appear in Yuanxing’s mind.

"I know what you are thinking of, but you are wrong. My parents are not demons or anything of the sort, they were famous heroes in the South West JIanghu..." There was an unlimited regret present in the young man's voice.

"This... how could this be. " Bai Yuanxing was stunned then instantly realized something, growing enlightened, "That's right, I understand."“

Xiao Buliu snorted, interrupting Bai Yuanxing's words. "You've guessed wrong again. Since my parents weren't bad people, then you must imagine my enemy is someone who's a hypocrite and faked his fame, he's a wolf hiding in sheep’s clothing. On the surface he seems kind and genial, but in reality he's a demon. Isn't that right?"

"Could it be this is not true?" Bai Yuanxing said with shock.

"Of course not." Xiao Buliu shook his head. "Although I've dreamed many times of killing this person, but i must admit, he is a true hero. Everything he does is to help others, to aid others. He would never care about his fame or fortune. If he was someone that had nothing to do with me, I would definitely respect him out of the bottom of my own heart."

Bai Yuanxing had his mouth wide open, not knowing what to say. "To use such words to evaluate your enemy, you are a gentleman."

"Peh, who cares about that?" Xiao Buliu said grumpily. "If that person's fame was not so great and I could kill him, and bad mouthing could pose an effect, I would have long hired a thousand storytellers to describe him as a trash with boils underneath his feet and ulcers on his head."

Bai Yuanxing felt that the personality of this Xiao Buliu was too unpredictable. He could only close his mouth. But after such an exchange of words, he was not so defensive towards him anymore.

"I've managed."

Jin Ling'er jumped up excitedly, the chains jangling.

He had finally finished crafting the metal implement according to Xiao Buliu's request.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 280:


"You've finished?" There was a trace of excitement in Xiao Buliu's voice, "You are quite quick. Pass it over for me to have a look..."

"No," Jin Ling'er rejected him unconditionally. "You are too dishonest, I can't trust you… tell me first, just how will I open brother Yuanxing's shackles, then I'll help you. That is the fairest method.”

"You… little brat." Xiao Buliu was taken aback at first, then could not help but say angrily, "Do you understand. Right now, we are ants on the same ship. We should help each other, not suspect each other."

"Who knows whether an ant like you will escape by yourself after you are released from your shackles." Jin Ling'er snorted in disdain, not backing down in the slightest. He indicated he did not trust Xiao Buliu in the least.

"You… this i... fine, fine, little brat you win. I accept defeat." Xiao Buliu cursed at him several times but was not willing to entangle himself with a little brat for too long. "Listen carefully, I'm about to tell you how to open the shackles. If I did not guess wrong, Bai Yuanxing's shackles should be the exact same as mine. You must use the time well. In another two hours, there will be someone guarding from outside that will check up on us. If you cannot open the shackles within two hours, then we will be in trouble..."

As he said this, he breathed in deeply. He passed on the methods and secrets of how to open the lock slowly to Jin Ling'er.

Jin Ling'er used what he learnt, trying to use the little metal implement he created to open the lock.

Under the direction of Xiao Buliu, and after attempting tens of times, the sound of metal clinking against each other continued in the darkness. In less than fifteen minutes time, the shackles on Bai Yuanxing's right hand was really opened by Bai Yuanxing.

"Haha, I did it, it really opened," Jin Ling'er cried out delightedly.

"Hush, keep your voice down. You little brat, why are you so loud. Do you want the people guarding outside to have a look?" Xiao Buliu scolded without showing any mercy. "You used fifteen minutes to open a single lock and you still want to cheer. You’re so young , but you're so shameless already."

"Fine, fine, I know." This time Jin Ling'er did not give off too much of a retort, carefully entering the metal implement into another hole.“

After the experience of the first time, and with Xiao Buliu's instructions by the side, this time he was much quicker in opening the locks.

The next three locks did not even take fifteen minutes before they were all unlocked.

Bai Yuanxing stood up while rubbing his arms and wrists.

The rough and chafed skin and bruises caused by the metallic shackles were only superficial wounds. It did not hurt his bones or tendons, and furthermore he had just eaten, so his recovery rate was quite high. However, because he had been bound for a long time on the post, the blood did not flow that well to his arms or legs. He required a brief period of rest before he could begin normally operating.

"Fine, then come over now and pass that metal implement to me," Xiao Buliu said impatiently.

Jin Ling'er hesitated for a while, but ultimately passed the little metal tool over. "We had an agreement beforehand. Don't try anything funny, let me tell you, don't look down on me because I'm small. I am a person with high position and significance outside..."

Xiao Buliu did not know whether to laugh or cry.

The sound of metal clinking against each other could be heard. In a short period of time, Xiao Buliu was able to get away from the post. The speed at which he opened the locks was unbelievably quick. The metal implement that had been created according to his specifications seemed like magic in his hands.

"You were able to open the lock so quickly? I know, you must be a thief. You stole someone's stuff, so you were captured. You really deserve it." Jin LInger pressed his lips together.

"You are a thief? do you know how to speak?" Xiao Buliu was enraged.

He moved his hands and wrists, flexing his muscles, doing his utmost to make blood flow through his body. Only after the numbness gradually faded away did he tidy the clothes on his body. He tore a strip from his sleeve, tying up his messy hair.

This scene could completely be seen by Jin Ling'er, who could see in the darkness.

"A little thief, why are you prettying yourself up? Hurry up and open that three inch lock, escaping is the priority." The little brat could not help but criticize.

"What do you know. No matter what time it is, you must pay attention to your own appearance. A good and intact appearance is the foundation for confidence. Often, this will bring one luck," Xiao Buliu said angrily.

He felt that there must be poison smeared on the mouth of this little brat.

But Xiao Buliu was indeed aware that time was short. Without wasting any more words, he came to the metal door by sense of touch. At the door, he touched the surface layer of the lock using his finger, confident in his own ability.

"Wait a moment," Bai Yuanxing suddenly opened his mouth.

"What? You don't want to escape?" Xiao Buliu lightly inserted the metal implement into the lock, not taking any more action. He turned towards the direction of the voice.

"It's not that I don't want to leave. But we must plan what we should do if there are guards outside. If we are captured, it will become even more difficult for us to escape once again," Bai Yuanxing said cautiously.

"That's right, that makes sense." Xiao Buliu nodded his head. "Fine, Brother Yuanxing, what proposal do you have?"

"This..." Bai Yuanxing had nothing to add.

In truth, he also did not have any alternate plans. His and Ling'er's strength was by far not enough, and the items on their body had already been taken away. There was no plan they could make.

“Then why did you say such pointless words," Xiao Buliu, after waiting for a long time for no better alternatives, grumpily cursed at him. "After all this time being locked in this dark place, I'm about to go crazy. No matter what, let's first leave and see the sunlight outside. If I am able to see natural sunlight, then I'll be able to die happily.”

Ka-cha.

The sound of the lock moving in the darkness could be heard.

It was exceedingly quiet.

In less than three breaths of time. Xiao Buliu had stopped what he was doing.

"The lock has already been opened. Right now I need to open the door. When the door is open, everyone needs to run for their lives outside. At that time, the most important thing is escaping. Everyone will take care of themselves. I'll say this first, I won't be of any help afterwards and our alliance will lose it's effect from this point onwards. Xiao Buliu said such words in a suppressed tone.

In the darkness, the breathing of the three became rough and hurried.

Pang!

The door was instantly opened.

A piercing sunlight like a flood rushed in.

There was a scarlet red high wall passageway outside.

The imagined heavily guarded entrance did not appear.

There was not even a single person guarding at the door.

"Let's go."

Xiao Buliu was at the forefront, stepping lightly, his footwork exceedingly strange. It seemed like he was an agile rat, scurrying off, his light footsteps not giving off the slightest of sound. It was like a cat walking on snow.

Bai Yuanxing and Jin Ling'er followed behind.

There was passageway after passageway outside.

These passageways were like a labyrinth, twisting and turning. After passing through several turns, they still did not see anything like an exit. But there were still high walls tens of meters high, and they could faintly hear the hustle and bustle outside. It did not seem to be a place that was tightly guarded at all.

After walking a while, Xiao Buliu stopped.

He placed his hand on the wall for a short period, "There's not any formation arrays, we should break through the wall and go from there. If we continue walking forward, we might walk into a net... Mother, if my inner yuan was recovered, I would have long jumped over this wall, it’s only tens of meters high...”

As he said this, there was suddenly the sound of footsteps in front of him.

A weak figure, a youth carrying food appeared.

He walked towards them step by step, turning the corner. There was no place to hide in the straight passageway. He instantly saw Bai Yuanxing, Xiao Buliu and Jin Ling'er who had escaped.

It was namely the guard and food deliverer, Li Rui.

"Mother... shit.”

Xiao Buliu let out a strangled scream. Like a mad, feral dog, his face was sinister. He was the first person to react, grabbing the little metal implement and charging towards the head of Li Rui.

The first person to act wins.

Bai Yuanxing's expression also greatly changed.

But he did not charge at Li Rui. Instead he grabbed at Jin Ling'er with both hands, his arms exploding with a power. With a swing, Jin Ling'er was like a sandbag that was thrown.

"Quickly, go find the Marquis," Bai Yuanxing shouted.

Pak!

Jin Ling'er let out a strange scream, not having had the time to react yet. The power of the throw sent him soaring above the wall onto the other side. He transformed into a dark dot that disappeared on the other side of the wall...

When Bai Yuanxing had finished doing everything.

Pang.

There was the sound of a heavy object falling to the ground.

The Xiao Buliu who had charged forward, was now in a sorry state when he was thrown backwards like a sandbag. His bottom struck the wall, grimacing in pain. He could not get up in such a short period. The yuan qi in his body was sealed away and he had to rely on his physical body alone. Just by relying on pure power, he naturally was not able to fight against the young man Li Rui.

Bai Yuanxing deeply breathed in.

After he had sent Jin Ling'er away, there was nothing tying him back anymore. He prepared for his final struggle. After all, since he had sent Jin Ling'er away, news would definitely get to Marquis. It already did not matter whether he lived on or not, or just what sort of tragic fate awaited him.

But the atmosphere in the alleyway was somewhat strange.

The young man Li Rui who stood there holding the containers had a frown. He did not shout and call for people, he did not begin a furious offence like that of a rainstorm. Instead he stood there in shocked silence for three or four breaths of time.

There had never been such a conflicted expression on his face.

Six breaths later.

"You... are someone from the White Horse tower?" Li Rui's glance landed on Bai Yuanxing.

Bai Yuanxing hesitated, then nodded his head slightly.

Li rui did not open his mouth again.

After being silenced for three or four breaths of time.

"You still have an hour left…"

Li Rui suddenly lifted his head, saying such a phrase inexplicably. He brushed back Bai Yuanxing's shoulder with a calm expression while carrying the food containers as he passed directly past Bai Yuanxing. It was as if he did not see anything, turning back towards the dimly lit corridor.

What followed after made Bai Yuanxing and Xiao Buliu more confused.

What had happened?

Li Rui’s tone seemed as if he was going to deliberately let them go. This huge change was outside of Bai Yuanxing's and Xiao Buliu's expectation.

"Why are you just standing there? Quickly break the wall.”

The first person to react was Xiao Buliu.

This really was finding an exit in a desperate situation.

Although they did not know why the young man Li Rui would do such a thing, but it was no longer important. They must first quickly find an escape route.

Bai Yuanxing and Xiao Buliu were both martial cultivators. Their strength was much greater than a normal person, with good stamina. In the blink of an eye, there was a little hole on the wall.

But their luck today, did not seem that good.

At that time ---

"You... How did you escape? Where's Li Rui?" a strange female voice sounded.

Nan Hua wearing a violet Robe appeared around the corner. The beautiful young girl of the Crepe Myrtle sect had evidently not expected she would be met with such a scene. She opened her mouth wide, staring uncomprehendingly with shock as she saw the two men.

"Shit, the female demon has come."

Xiao Buliu was greatly shocked, his heart sinking.

"Why are you standing there? Quickly escape... You go first." Bai Yuanxing’s reaction speed was quick, lifting the Xiao Buliu who stood there stunned into the little hole. Then he also crawled through the hole onto the other side.

The other side.

Nan Hua had finally recovered from her huge shock and did something in response.

"Escape... there are people escaping! Quickly, come..." As she shouted loudly, she lifted the flare that she held in her hand and sent it up. Then she followed after them instantly.

Yuan qi exploded.

Boom!

The hard stone wall in front of her white jade-like hands, was like cardboard, completely collapsing.

Nan Hua continued to chase.

On the other side of the high wall, there was an empty little garden. The grass and plants were withered and there was nothing decorative at all. Tens of meters away, Bai Yuanxing and Xiao Buliu were like frightened rabbits, madly fleeing.

The streets were outside the garden.

As long as they managed to escape onto the streets and mixed themselves in the crowd, they had hope.

But what made Bai Yuanxing despair was that Nan Hua's strength was not weak. Her speed was as fast as lightning and in an instant, she came \before the two, blocking their paths.

In the far off low wall of the garden, the first person who had ran, Jin Ling'er, had not truly escaped. There were three or four people wearing the Crepe Myrtle sect robes that surrounded him.

They've failed.

There was an icy coldness in Bai Yuanxing's heart.

Xiao Buliu avoided Nan Hua's palm strike in a very sorry fashion. He also had a face filled with hopelessness. If they were captured this time, even if he did not die, they would rip his skin off. He placed the metal implement against his own neck, roaring, "You little slut that deserves to die,. Even if I die, I'm not going to be captured and tortured by you..."

At this time----

A change that no one imagined finally occurred.

"Woof, woof, I've finally found it. Bai Yuanxing, did you bring Jin Ling'er to play hide and seek? You've made me search so hard, but you were hiding in such a rubbish place..."

A proud voice suddenly sounded in the little courtyard.

What followed after was a white and soft chubby paw that lightly patted Bai Yuanxing’s shoulder.

There was an inexplicable shock and disbelief as Bai Yuanxing turned to look. It was a dog's face that was so familiar it made Bai Yuanxing want to cry. It appeared without any warning in front of him.

"Hachi Hachi....."

This dog stuck its pink little tongue out, wagging it's chubby little tail, his head tilting as he smiled and pretended to be cute.

The silly dog, Little Nine.

It was the silly dog, Little Nine.

This chubby dog that always followed behind the Marquis, a little white dog that was so lazy it always seemed to be asleep, this little white dog that always caused trouble, had never appeared like it did so right now. It made Bai Yuanxing feel an excitement of being able to escape from a hopeless situation.

"Woof woof, what is it? Do you feel surprised at my appearance? Wahahaha..." Little Nine wagged his tail arrogantly.

Then it jumped onto Bai Yuanxing's head.

"Has the Marquis come?" Bai Yuanxing, after being delighted, asked this question.

"Little Ye still has his own problems to take care of. He has challenged someone strong in the arena and has encountered something difficult. He doesn't have the time to help us wipe our own asses. Wahahaha, little Bai, little Bai, at such a crucial time, you must of course rely on Brother Wen Wan in saving you, don't cry."

A voice that was extremely familiar sounded out.

Bai Yuanxing turned his head.

He could see Wen Wan wearing black with his arms crossed at his chest standing at a pavilion at the center of the little garden. His robes faintly fluttered with the wind, his muscular figure straight like a spear. There was a confidence on his face, but the wink on his face completely ruined his atmosphere of pretending to be a peerless expert.

"Officer Wen..."

The moment he saw Wen Wan, Bai Yuanxing's worried heart could finally be placed at ease.

"Officer Wen, quickly come save me." Jin Ling'er had a face of mad delight, jumping up and down, shouting.

At this time, there were tens of experts wearing the clothing of the sects that ran out in the garden. They surrounded them from all sides, their strength not weak in the slightest.

Four or five of them fluctuated with an extremely strong yuan qi turbulence, old in appearance. They floated in the sky. One of them caused silver light pillars to be shot through the sky with his hands, and the formation array began to be established. Instantly all the sounds of the streets were cordoned off, the environment changing entirely.

A formation array that isolated everything.

In an instant, it had sealed off the little courtyard.

As such, even if the little courtyard was turned over, the people from outside would not notice at all.

"It's really the people from the Crepe Myrtle sect. You sinister little rats, you're really not afraid to die. To even dare touch people of the army." Wen Wan stood on the pavilion, staring at the people all round. With a cold smile: he said, "It seems that Li Qiushui's brain is retarded, and is used to his arrogance. To dare kidnap and ransom someone in Youyan Pass, this is no different from committing suicide."

Tens of meters in the air.

Those five elders of the Crepe Myrtle sect with white hair did not have any change in their expression whatsoever. they did not react at all to Wen Wan's provocation.

They all stood their serenely, their faces peaceful, their eyes as cold as blades.

"Kill!"

One of the old men waved his hands.

Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!

Numerous figures shot through the air, their long blades like a rainbow.

The lights of the sword flickered. A sharp aura completely enveloped them, slicing apart the air all around. Everywhere the sword qi passed through, wood, grass and rocks would be sliced apart. This terrifying killing intent was like a net that mercilessly tore towards Wen Wan.

"Hahaha..." Wen Wan laughed.

He turned to give a glance towards Bai Yuanxing. "Look at how I take care of this pack of dogs and chickens. Remember to report to Little Ye that my power is actually very strong."

Before he had even finished.

He took a step with his foot.

The little tiles beneath his feet that covered the little pavilion shot out in all directions.

Xiu Xiu Xiu.

The tiles were like divine weapons.

Ding Ding Ding!

There was the constant sound of tiles striking those swords. Those sword strikes, which seemed so remarkable and sharp, struck the tiles and collapsed. Those Crepe Myrtle sect disciples’ sword aura was like a net, but it could not block the tiles that shot towards them in the slightest. It broke the swords, the tiles piercing through their young bodies...

"Pugh!"

"Ah..."

Blood spurted and people screamed tragically.

These eight Crepe Myrtle sect disciples could be counted as significant people, but in the time of a single move, they were all heavily injured. They did not have the power to hold their swords any longer, falling to the ground.

"Hahaha, I've long said. I am very strong, but you didn't believe me." Wen Wan stood on the pavilion without any more tiles, gloating, pretending to be a peerless expert.

There was complete silence everywhere.

Jin Ling'er ran to Bai Yuanxing.

Xiao Buliu came closer, saying strangely, "My friends, so you had such a great background. That bearded brother seems very fierce. Are you guys the Marquis that they were referring to? The enemies are of the Crepe Myrtle sect? Crap, the Three Schools and Three Sects? You... how did you manage to provoke such a force... Can that bearded brother withstand it, those old men still haven't acted yet..."

Bai Yuanxing did not have anything to say.

"Why are you coming over?" Jin Ling'er sniffed at him disdainfully, giving him a look of contempt, "Did you not say that our alliance is over? That we have to look out for ourselves. You better think of your own plans, we don't want to drag you down!"

Xiao Buliu had a completely green face.

But at this time, he could only act subservient. "Little brother, how can you say that. Currently we are ants on the same rope. You can't run and neither can I, we have to respect the spirit of cooperation..."

Jin Ling'er had a face like he wanted to vomit in disgust, "Your face must be the most secure lock in the world, you can't even open it yourself!"

Xiao Buliu chuckled, not objecting.

At this time, as long as you weren't an idiot, you must quickly grab onto the thick thighs of Jin Linger and Bai Yuanxing. Evidently, that white dog demon and that bearded man had come for the two. If he wanted to get out of this alive, he had to rely on them.

On the pavilion.

"Old bastard, come up yourselves. Don't let your disciples come and die." Wen Wan crossed his arms at his chest, assuming the attitude of a peerless expert. With a laugh, "Even if you do not feel too much pain from losing some trash of the sects, but I still have to clean up the corpses after.“

"Kill!"

A Crepe Myrtle sect elder finally acted.

With a flick of his wrist, his sword was like lightning.

Yuan qi fluctuations raged through the air. The power of the sword light seemed as if the heavenly river itself had flowed down. The violent light seem to generate a feeling of insignificance to those who saw it, making it feel as if you could not block it.

Wen Wan's figure flashed, leaving the pavilion.

That little Pavilion, struck by the sword strike, turned into dust. Such dust spread about everywhere.

Boom!

The next instant.

The four elder class experts acted at nearly the same time.

Numerous blades pierced through the air, the purple sword light looking invincible.

"Ai ai ai ai? How shameless are you, to attack at the same time. I thought we agreed on a series of one on one duels? Are you going to disregarded the rules of the Jianghu?" Wen Wan cried exaggeratingly.

He was completely surrounded by five great experts, the endless Crepe Myrtle sect sword qi enveloping him. After some twists and turn, he carefully avoided the sword momentum that was like a hurricane, seeming somewhat panicky.

It seemed that Wen Wan was about to fall at any second.

He was like a little raft in the ocean when a storm or gale struck; There was the possibility of capsizing at any point in time. It seemed like if another wave or another sword strike landed, it would be enough to completely destroy him.

But without knowing why, every time when it seemed like he had no place to avoid, he would manage to just move away. Wen Wan did not die. The fatal sword qi was avoided in an inexplicable way by Wen Wan.

Millions of swords enveloped the sky, so vast and dazzling it could not be stared into. It was like thunder from the heavens itself, or like a purple snake madly dancing.

Wen Wan also only bitterly supported himself.

But in such a short space of time, the elder class experts all acted. Unexpectedly, they did not manage to kill Wen Wan, but was delayed a little longer.

There were looks of contempt from the faces of those white-haired experts.

They were within Youyan Pass, and this location was also close to the Proud Sky Center. If they got too excited and the army discovered this, the consequences werenot worth thinking about.

"Don't worry about it, the news has already been leaked. The air in the outside world cannot always remain the same the entire time. We don't have much time left."

An elder unsheathed his sword, shouting loudly, "What should we do?"

"Once the matters at Proud Sky Center are concluded, we don't need to show mercy anymore. We have to quickly kill those people and utterly destroy them. Then we have to leave Youyan Pass as soon as possible," the Crepe Myrtle sect elder said with a serious expression. "We must be quick. If the Youyan Pass army reacts, then we may have trouble.“

"Good."

"Act with our full power."

"Then what are you hesitating for. Quickly kill those three, and that white dog demon... Send someone to prepare the formation array and we will depart immediately," A thin elder shouted at the hesitating sect disciples below.

Those sect disciples finally recovered.

"Hahah, do you guys think I'm dead? To plan your schemes in front of me? Leave?" The Wen Wan who was busy evading suddenly began laughing. "A bunch of ignorant dogs, to dare bark in Youyan Pass. This time you had better make the preparations for your spines to be broken. It's too late for you to run!"

As he said this, Wen Wan grabbed at something through the air.

A gigantic battle axe landed in his hands.

This huge battle axe was like the size of a door slab. It curved like a crescent moon, the sides of the axe sharp like a hook. The axe was extremely wide and thick, as coarse as a duck's egg. There was a faint pattern on it. This axe was nearly as big as Wen Wan. Even one axe was the size of Wen Wan's body, but he held two of such axes. Under such a comparison, Wen Wan's burly figure seemed somewhat small.

"Five dogs, try my move!"

Wen Wan laughed loudly, his body beginning to move like a wheel.

Chi Chi!

Two axes shot out in all directions.

This long quivering axe blade transformed into blades that spread throughout the sky .Such a terrifying and sharp blade qi spread throughout the air. The curved moon shape of the axe glowed with a splendour. The aura of the sharp blade cut apart heaven and earth in all directions. It seemed as if there was nothing it could not cut, as if it wanted to completely cut and tear apart the world.

Jang Jang Jang!

There was the sound of swords being sliced apart.

The Spirit Class treasure swords in the hands of the five great elders were cut apart like a wooden doll. It came wave after wave, and what it sliced apart were not only the sharp swords. Their bodies that contained a powerful yuan qi were also torn apart...

There was not any blood.

There was not any torn limbs whatsoever.

The atmosphere suddenly halted.

All the sword qi in the air disappeared.

The five elders of the sect were still standing in the sky.

There was disbelief on all of their faces.

Although they did not see the wounds left behind after the axe sliced their waists, but as powerful existences that were half a step in the Bitter Sea stage, the moment those axes touched their bodies, they could judge what had happened...

Their lives were like flowing sand that disappeared grain by grain. It could not help but fade.

"You…”

The leading elder had wide eyes.

He could not believe what he saw. Facing this muscular bearded man wielding blood red battle axes, he could not say that many words.

It was as if he was still immersed in that absolutely fatal and terrifying axe strike that seemed as if it would split apart heavens and earth.

The four Crepe Myrtle sect elders next to him were also similarly shocked and surprised.

Although these five were not the strongest elders of the Crepe Myrtle sect, but they could absolutely be counted as tough opponents. They became famous sixty years ago, and they began hiding themselves in isolation in the Magnificent Sunset Hall of the Crepe Myrtle sect, focusing on the martial path for the past thirty years. Although these people's names were not well known in the Jianghu recently, but when the five banded together, even a Bitter Sea stage expert would have a chance of falling if they were not strong enough.

For the five to act at the same time to kill Wen Wan was akin to using a tiger to hunt a rabbit. They used their full power, not being overconfident in the slightest. But who would have guessed that a guy who they did not even regard as important at all would completely slaughtered them in an instant?

The gaze of the leading elder was still staring at the exaggerated blood red battle axes.

A blood red glimmer was fluctuating on the blade of the axe.

As if a bi-coloured sunlight was resting against the blade of the axe.

His heart quivered. He suddenly thought of an exceedingly terrifying legend, a legend that had made countless sects shake.

"That blood axe... You... you are..." His heart was greatly shaken, a terrifying name that could not help but appear.

The shock at this instant was even more terrifying than that sharp axes that tore apart their lives from their bodies.

But before he could finish his sentence----

There was a spurt of blood at the waists of all of the elders. Their bodies split into two, then a terrifying energy emitted from the limbs. The area tens of meters around the five corpses completely exploded, transforming into a series of blood rain.

"I've already said that I'm very strong, but you didn't believe me... do you believe it now?" Wen Wan having in succeeded in one move was satisfied. There was light flickering in both of his hands, and the huge blood red battle axes disappeared. it was unknown whether it was absorbed into his body, or stowed away in some interspatial storage.

Below.

"This, this, this... he really is so motherfucking strong..." Xiao Buliu stood and stared tongue-tied at Wen Wan, who floated above the ground. There was a shocking sensation that he was a divine person.

He originated from the Jianghu and had seen countless experts. But the strength of this burly man in front of him, the invincible aura he had when those huge axes swirled around him, cause a tremor and terror in his heart.

There was a violent, brutal and invincible sense of beauty.

The curve of that axe blade at that instant seemed enough to destroy everything in this world.

Bai Yuanxing stood in complete shock, staring at Wen Wan in the sky.

He had long known that Wen Wan was also a martial expert and he had once taught Marquis Ye martial arts at White Deer Academy. He could be counted as a mentor to Marquis Ye. But the attitude and laziness Wen Wan exhibited these days made it really hard for Bai Yuanxing to imagine him as a peerless expert who cut apart the very skies with an axe. It was very hard to connect the two together.

Jin Ling'er lifted his head in worship. There was an expression of blind admiration. He had completely ignited the passion the young man had towards martial artists.

As for Nan Hua and the other Crepe Myrtel sect disciples, they were compeltey scared senseless.

They originally did not react to anything that had happened. Five powerful sect elders were turned into bloody mush in the blink of an eye. This scene made their legs weigh thousands of pounds as if lead was poured into it, not even able to lift it in the slightest. They stood there dumbly, quivering, not daring to have any shred of movement.

"Woof, stop pretending. Mad Wen, quickly come down. After spending half a day, you only won against five old men. You still have the nerve to brag..." Little Nine was the only existence able to remain remarkably calm, mercilessly taunting the Wen Wan floating in the air.

"You... I'll turn you into dog stew sooner or later." Wen Wan pressed his lips together, returning to the ground. He scanned the surrounding Crepe Myrtle sect disciples, saying fiercely, "You're not allowed to leave, just stay here obediently. Whoever dares move, I'll send them to see those five old bastards."

"Little Bai, I've finally found you." Wen Wan patted Bai Yuanxing on the shoulder, saying laughingly, "Have you encountered any difficulties? Haha, it seems like there isn't any injuries on your body, so you should be fine. Look at you, why had you incited those Crepe Myrtle sect people, for you to be beaten up with a stick by them, wahahah!"

Bai Yuanxing breathed in helplessly, rubbing away the black lines on his face. Kneading his head, "Officer Wen, please call me Yuanxing. Why is it that your tone seems to be taking delight in my suffering?"

"You must have misheard." Wen Wan chuckled, his gaze staying on Xiao Buliu's figure. Curiously, "This is..."

Bai Yuanxing was about to introduce him, when Xiao Buliu coughed of his own initiative. His aura of a rascal completely disappeared. He suddenly stood straight, fixing his ragged clothes. Then he respectfully paid his greetings, bowing. With extreme manners, "I am the Xiao Buliu of the South West Jianghu. People call me the Thief King. I give my respects to elder."

"Thief King? You are a thief?" Wen Wan's lips pressed together. "Am I very old, you called me an elder..."

"Err..." Xiao Buliu suddenly felt that he had not managed to grasp the personality of this bearded expert. In the introduction just now, he seemed to have made some kind of mistake.

He was about to say even more...

At this time, a sudden change occurred.

Ping Ping Ping Ping!

A series of air explosions sounded out. Those Crepe Myrtle sect disciples that originally stood where they were, not daring to move a single step, suddenly exploded like water melons. Every single one of their bodies burst open without any prior warning.

Fresh blood and bones shot out everywhere.

The people who were still alive, instantly turned into scattered meat and bones. Dense blood scattered everywhere, their corpses deformed. One could not identify one from the other, they were all meaty mounds of flesh.

"Ah..."

Half a Nan Hua's face was covered by this blood. Looking at her senior brother exploding one after the other, she began shrieking hysterically.

"Who dares, scram out."

Wen Wan finally sensed something.

The proud expression he had completely disappeared. There was a cold glimmer like that of blades flickering in his eyes. The blood axe appeared on his right hand rose again, and he used it to cut apart the air. The axe tore apart the barrier in the air, the hook entering the crevice in space, pulling something back.

A murky figure, like a loach in a swamp, constantly flickered amidst the chaotic space turbulence. He wanted to escape, but was ultimately hooked onto by the blood axe, being torn away by force from the crevice in the air.

"Heaven's Sob Blood Axe? Why is it in your hands? Who are you? Could you be...?" The figure that was still murky lost his composure, screaming.

His figure was extremely strange, it was as if he was an illusory shadow. There was the possibility that he could escape at any moment, but the strange attraction the blood axe had made him unable to do so. He was being torn out bit by bit from the chaotic space turbulence.

Like a fish that was being fished out of the deep dark waters.

"So it's someone from the Dragon Tiger sect... to dare kill in front of me, it seems people of the the Dragon Tiger sect aren't afraid to die. Then die."

Wen Wan's voice sounded out like an enraged tiger.

The axe in his hands vibrated, and an incomparably strange energy began spreading out. In an instant it completely shattered the figure that was still hooked onto the axe and was still somewhat illusory, crushing it and transforming into scattered space.

A strange energy, began emanating from the scattered remains of space, shooting in all directions.

"Ah..."

"Pugh!"

"No, save me..."

The Crepe Myrtle sect disciples were struck by these scattered pieces of space. There were holes in their bodies, as if they had been shot by a thousand arrows. Before they could react, they all tragically died to the wounds and holes on their bodies, falling with regrets.

"Ah..." Nan Hua fell down with her face facing the heavens.

Her luck was the greatest. Apart from a piece of flesh from her face being sliced by the fragments of space, there were not any other injuries on her body. But her face was ruined, the pain causing her to faint.

And the fragments of space shot at Wen Wan were all batted away, not able to hurt Jin Linger and the others.

"Mother, this Dragon Tiger sect brat is far too sinister, far too cruel. For there to be Space Lightning hidden within his body. They want to use his corpse to threaten me. It was my carelessness... now that everyone has died, how do i give a report back to Little Ye?" Wen Wan spat out a goblet of phlegm, his heart somewhat annoyed.

When the situation was completely controlled by him, because of his carelessness, the result was that someone had struck against them without any warning. Those who were alive were completely killed, it would become more difficult to handle matters in the future.

As Wen Wan said this, he turned to look at Bai Yuanxing beside him.

Then his entire person froze.

Without knowing when, Bai Yuanxing's two eyes were completely empty. Fresh blood spurted out like a spring, his destroyed pupils hanging at his eyes. Two miniscule space fragments had hit his eyes, destroying his eyesight...

"Little Bai!”

Wen Wan screamed as Bai Yuanxing's figure slowly fell backwards.

……

……

Proud Sky Center.

Bright Moon Lake.

Ye Qingyu was panting roughly.

The opponent was strong enough to make one despair.

The tiger-striped mighty aura was like a prison, like a dragon, like a pillar. It was brilliant and upright, completely enveloping the entire Water Ray Arena.

The sound of swords could be heard whistling through the sky.

A cold star fell.

Clang!

The [Little Shang sword] that was vibrating in Ye Qingyu's hands, after twenty breaths of time, finally fell from high up in the sky. The sharp point of the sword fell down, stabbing into the arena, quivering. The sword kept on vibrating, like a series of autumn ice, as if it would shatter at any second-----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

