Chapter 689:


Chapter 707 - A Special Rule



"Lord Shangguan, yesterday's matter was a case of deliberate incrimination using planted evidence. First, Huang Lin intentionally blocked our way at the city gate and gave us a hard time, and later he ganged up with Shopkeeper Zhou of [Refine Armor] to frame us for stealing. May Lord Shangguan discern the truth," Ye Qingyu said in earnest.

At the same time, everyone's eyes fell on Shangguan Wu.

He had appeared to be a very just and dignified examiner since the start of the test.

In particular, he had defused several situations where Huang Tayun said something to create difficulties for the envoy mission.

Perhaps, Lord Shangguan would provide a rational and fair judgment on this matter.

Upon this idea, every expert who was looking at Shangguan Wu revealed a faint sense of expectation on their faces.

However, he did not provide an immediate response.

He glanced at Ye Qingyu before turning to look at the Wall of Storm and returning to his contemplation.

It was not easy for him to formulate a judgment at present.

Even until this moment, he was yet unable to extricate himself from those feelings of incredulity.

The disappearing marks had defied nature and were unprecedented.

But Huang Tayun's and Huang Lin's words lingered in his ears.

Shangguan Wu's expression was that of struggle and confusion.

It was as if his heart was propping up a constantly teetering balance.

On one side were his near-fanatical worship of and reverence for the Storm Martial Emperor, which explained why he was a little agitated by Huang Lin's and Huang Tayun's rhetoric despite doubting them. Since even the Storm Martial Emperor took issue with the contingent's moral character, then perhaps it would only be appropriate to adhere to His Highness' will and declare the rating test a failure.

But on the other side were his suspicions of this incident.

The imperial family members and humans of the Heaven Wasteland Domain certainly did not look like the thieving sort.

Gloom and silence as before.

The entire plaza had fallen into an extremely odd, quiet atmosphere.

As though they were awaiting a judgment of destiny.

Just then...

"Cough cough, time's almost up... ho ho ho, let me say a few old man's words."

A jolly voice was heard from a corner of the plaza, from where a stout figure crowned with a head of red flames was seen moving toward the center. It was none other than the plump elder Yan Wushuang.

After the test began, the two reception elders had spent most of the time standing quietly at one side without saying a word or participating. In such a tense atmosphere, practically everyone had forgotten about them and did not expect the plump elder to suddenly come forth at this time.

Completely disregarding the weary and confused crowd, Yan Wushuang cheerfully walked up beside Ye Qingyu like a laughing Maitreya as usual.

"Cough... actually, you don't have to be so distressed..." Yan Wushuang wiped the sweat from his face and grinned. "Whether genuine or fake, the theft case can be set aside for now. Furthermore, the idea regarding the Storm Martial Emperor's will is only one party's account of events. What I want to say is, there's more than one way of passing the second test of the Wall of Storm."

"Don't you try causing more trouble, reception elder!" A cold star flashed across Huang Tayun's eyes.

There was a visible hint of threat in his tone.

"Elder Yan... you mean..." To one side, Shangguan Wu abruptly thought of something, and his eyes began to light up.

Every member of the envoy mission, including Ye Qingyu and all the other experts, looked toward Yan Wushuang as if the words he spoke had just rescued them from a deep abyss.

There's another way?

There's still hope for the test to continue?

Everyone's vision instantly became bright once again as they looked at Yan Wushuang and Shangguan Wu with a tinge of urgency and expectation.

"Of course, hohoho. Although I'm a poorly-informed old man, I've heard people say that the Storm Martial Emperor laid down a few test rules when he created the Wall of Storm. Aside from the two mentioned earlier, there's another way to pass the test. That is, as long as one person can punch through the wall, the contingent would be considered to have passed the test." Yan Wushuang looked at Shangguan Wu as he finished speaking and asked, "Lord Shangguan, I wonder if what I said is true."

"Yes, Elder Yan, that's very true indeed." Shangguan Wu nodded profusely.

He had completely forgotten about this special rule because the changes to the Wall of Storm had shocked him terribly.

But...

After a brief feeling of happiness, he suddenly regained his senses and remembered that punching through the wall was no mean feat.

On the other side...

"What? Punch through?!"

"Punch through the Wall of Storm? How... is that possible?!"

"What kind of rule is that!"

"Pointless to have even mentioned it!"

"Elder Yan, tell me you aren't teasing us!"

Like a stone that caused a thousand ripples, this idea engendered a hubbub of voices and discussions on the test plaza which had been gloomy for some time.

They had thought that the plump elder would come up with some brilliant plan, but instead the criteria he mentioned was way too difficult. After all, as a giant wall left behind by the Storm Martial Emperor, the various participants who left a mark had already done so strenuously and excruciatingly,let alone talk about punching through the wall.This was even a feat a Great Saint-level being might not be able to accomplish.

Exchanging looks, Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing saw the dismay in each other's eyes.

Huang Tayun had been a little worried, but after Yan Wushuang finished speaking, he guffawed at once, saying, "Haha, Elder Yan, surely you're joking, right? Punch through the Wall of Storm? Hahaha, you and I both know full well that, given this envoy mission's strength, this is impossible for them... Heh heh, Elder Yan, you're worrying too much and are simply wasting time."

Yan Wushuang smilingly wiped away the sweat on his forehead and cheerfully said, "Supervisor Huang, you're right. However, it had to be mentioned because it's part of the rules. As reception elders, that's the duty of us two brothers. Hohohoho!"

"Indeed." Shuang Wuyan, the emaciated elder whose body emanated a frosty chill, had inconspicuously arrived beside his brother.

Huang Tayun's complexion turned foul.

At this time, Shangguan Wu seemed to have made a decision.

Looking toward Ye Qingyu and the others, he said, "There's indeed such a rule in place, Lord Ye. There's not much time left, would you like to give it a try?"

Ye Qingyu, who had been looking forlorn, suddenly laughed.

He gently patted Yu Xiaoxing before signaling to the rest of the crowd to remain calm.

"Lord Shangguan, of course I'd like to."

Ye Qingyu's tone was firm and earnest like never before.

"Not giving up until you dig your own grave, eh? I'd certainly like to see how a little cricket like you can punch through the wall... heh heh, you sure don't know your limits." The chill in Huang Tayun's eyes became more severe.

However, for some reason or another, he suddenly felt a little apprehensive.

Since the start of the test, he had been unable to gain insight into the strength of this white-robed youth, as if it was covered by a veil.

"Heh heh, take it easy, Lord Huang. Hohohoho, since you don't think they can punch through the wall, then there is no harm in letting them try. This way, they'll naturally give up and shed a few tears after digging their own grave. Hohohoho, they'd then stop being a bother in Sunrise City, and my brother and I can head back early to Chaotic Sky City to rest. Don't you think so?" Shuang Wuyan said, still as jolly as ever.

Every time Shuang Wuyan verbally tried to stop a fight, he would choke one party to death within three sentences.

However, many people could see by now that although he was ineloquent, he was secretly trying to help the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps each time he spoke.

He was truly an eccentric man.

By this time, Huang Tayun also knew that this was unpreventable.

Inhaling a deep breath, he bit his teeth and contemplated for a while before saying with a dreary face, "The domain rating test has all along been fair, just, and open. Since this rule indeed exists, Lord Shuangguan and I will certainly let you all try one more time..."

"However..."

His mood changed and his voice became harsh as he snapped, "You can only send one person and only have one chance. If you cannot punch through the Wall of Storm in one move, you shall be deemed to have failed, and cannot raise any further questions!"

One person.

One chance.

In one move.

The envoy mission had already felt that chances were slim with regard to this test assessment rule of punching through the Wall of Storm. Things were certainly not helped by the added limitations.

"Alright, you may begin."

Shangguan Wu also nodded.

Although this rule was exceedingly harsh and the achievability was even lower, there was a kind of expectation in his eyes as he looked at the white-robed figure standing in front of the wall. Unconsciously, he always felt that this youth from the Heaven Wasteland Domain was extremely fathomless.

Perhaps, he has a way to turn the situation around.

Ye Qingyu walked up to the Wall of Storm.

He was in no hurry to act, and instead concentrated fully on observing the giant wall which flickered in an extremely mild, green misty luster.

On the surface of the wall, all of the pale-green, Dao-containing light patterns no longer changed form, and instead simply converged and surged non-stop like a billowing ocean. Standing below the wall, one would inevitably feel a sense of reverence and submission, regardless of how powerful one was.

Ye Qingyu went into deep contemplation.

The Wall of Storm is certainly not something I can punch through given my present strength. But... if the mysterious figure in the chilly underground lake was indeed the Storm Martial Emperor, then the Dao foundation in the shape of a green breeze that he gave me may have an effect. Time to give it a try.

He slowly operated his yuan qi.

In particular, under his deliberate compulsion, the pale green halo quickly surged throughout his limbs and bones.

A slight smile soon emerged on Ye Qingyu's face. This was because he could feel an extremely familiar aura and sincerity coming from the wall.

It seemed like a form of identity yet also like a form of physical convergence.

The strange sense of familiarity seemed to fuse Ye Qingyu and the wall together.

"Wasting time once again... Kid, are you able to do it or not?" Huang Tayun grew a little impatient as if he had anticipated this behavior from Ye Qingyu. Snorting, he urged, "If you can't do it, quit playing tricks over here and get your ass out of Sunrise City!"





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 690:


Chapter 708 - Storm List



Ye Qingyu did not reply and instead appeared to have gone into meditation.

Likewise, nobody among the watching crowd said a word.

In fact, everyone concealed their auras so as not to disturb him, and placed their attention firmly upon the white-robed figure in front of the Wall of Storm.

They waited with bated breath.

They were waiting for their domain's strongest War God, who had only ever provided them with pleasant surprises and new knowledge, to unleash a strike capable of reversing the situation.

This was a kind of trust that had been engraved in their hearts and souls, and which was close to being divine worship.

Seeing that Ye Qingyu paid him no attention, the gloom in Huang Tayun's pupils deepened.

"Lord Shangguan, this kid is clearly making fun of us. Let's not wait any further. This despicable bastard is just playing for time. In my capacity as an examiner, I hereby cancel his eligibility for the test, and hand him over to Divine Guard Huang Lin to be harshly trialed for theft!" Huang Tayun thundered.

Shangguan Wu frowned.

Just then.

Ye Qingyu, who had been concentratedly observing the Wall of Storm, finally reacted.

He slowly turned his head back to look at Huang Tayun, revealing a pinch of pity in his eyes, and said in a placid voice, "Lord Huang, I've always been curious why, despite being a fellow human, you've treated us as enemies and given us a hard time again and again. There has to be some special reason for your overbearing manner... but, I'm afraid you're about to be disappointed! Keep your eyes wide open and watch!"

While his words were still lingering in the air.

Ye Qingyu delivered a punch forth.

His fist seemed calm and did not contain a particularly intense amount of yuan qi or energy.

Neither did it transform into a dragon claw.

He did not utilize the [Supreme Ice Flame] or the power of thunder and lightning.

All that was on his fist was a pale layer of green light which resembled a green flame that burned soundlessly.

Every breath halted.

Every gaze froze.

Every heartbeat disappeared.

Everyone was looking at this scene.

They saw Ye Qingyu's fist drill its way through the wall slowly yet effortlessly, as if it was going through a water curtain.

The green glow of the fist blended in with the wall and formed ripples on its surface without causing any heaven-and-earth-shaking undulations, as if the fist was reaching into a pale green lake.

He punched through.

He punched through for real!

All around was a deathly gloom.

Nothing was heard throughout the entire test plaza.

Even the winds and clouds seemed to abruptly cease moving. All movement and breathing sounds disappeared, such that the entire space appeared to have frozen in place.

Everyone within and without the plaza was in a state of utmost mental shock.

Especially Huang Tayun.

Due to his inordinate horror, his entire being was in a state of stupefaction. His eyes were out of focus and his body stood motionlessly.

Meanwhile, Shangguan Wu stared wide-eyed as though he had seen a ghost in daylight.

Although he had been a little expectant that a miracle might just happen for this white-robed young man, he was nevertheless completely shocked out of his wits and verbal ability when he saw the Wall of Storm being so easily punched through.

Ten breaths later.

Huang Tayun's fingertips trembled lightly.

Devoid of all senses, he looked in Ye Qingyu's direction while exclaiming to himself, "How can this be... impossible... how did he..."

Several people regained their senses upon hearing these shrieks and subconsciously looked at Huang Tayun.

"Impossible!" The latter continued to bawl dispiritedly as though he was possessed.

"Nothing's impossible in this world." Ye Qingyu looked indifferent as he spoke in a placid voice. He remained facing the wall as he slowly drew back his arm.

The hole gradually closed up on its own in pace with the arm pulling away.

The green aura-emanating wall gradually regained its integrity.

Standing tall in front of the wall he just punched through, Ye appeared to be a deity who had just returned from a hundred victorious battles. Though his body showed no outflow of energy, it seemingly emanated an overbearing pressure which caused others to tremble and submit to him.

At the same time, an unexpected change appeared on the wall.

The green misty glow which had gently undulated on the wall seemed as if it was attracted by a strange power. Like the convergence of a hundred rivers, it then formed into a huge green misty vortex which surged toward the dwindling hole. Within a few breaths' time, the hole absorbed the green mist entirely, in the manner of a living thing taking a drink.

The green glow dissipated.

The entire surface of the wall became extremely glossy, just like a reflective mirror.

"Look, what's that?" a Heaven Wasteland expert suddenly cried out in alarm upon seeing something unimaginable.

In a flash , everyone who was in a state of shock instinctively shifted their sights onto the glossy wall.

In a bottom-up direction, tiny bulges began to appear on the surface and, a few breaths later, formed into several words!

"Thirty... Xue... Fei... Han?!"

"What does thirty mean? Is it a ranking?"

"Xue Feihan? Is that... a name?"

"Who is he?"

"Why are there words forming on the Wall of Storm?"

The Heaven Wasteland experts in the middle of the plaza revealed looks of extreme puzzlement.

The people nearest to the wall, including Yu Xiaoxing, Wen Wan, and Ximen Yeshui, saw the shock and doubt in one another's eyes as they exchanged glances. Shaking their heads, they could not understand this unexpected change.

Within the crowd, Old Fish shot out a bright beam from his pupils, appearing somewhat excited.

Ye Qingyu's attention was also attracted by the unexpected change to the wall.

He was clearly unaware of it prior to this.

However, there were two people in front of the wall whose expressions were entirely different from everyone else.

If everyone else's expressions were that of shock and doubt, then these two's expressions could be described as complete shock and vacuity.

It could even be said that ever since changes occurred on the wall, these two people had begun to look terrified.

They were none other than the examiners of the Wall of Storm test - Huang Tayun, the Violet Gold Divine Office front court supervisor, and Shangguan Wu, the Violet Gold Divine Guards Deputy Commander.

The former, whose face had turned ghastly pale when Ye Qingyu punched through the wall, was still trembling slightly and unconsciously from the excessive shock. He was completely devoid of his usual composure when making plans, and his face looked utterly hideous as if he had seen a ghost in daylight.

The latter remained in a state of shock and was also entirely unaware that he was mumbling stupidly to himself.

"This... this is the Sto... Storm List... heavens, is it really the Storm List?" A disjointed string of words poured out of his mouth.

Discussion voices were gradually heard from among the crowd.

"Storm... List?"

"Is it a grading ranking list?"

"Could it be something passed down from the Storm Martial Emperor?"

"Look, there are 26 names already..."

Names were arranged bottom-up on the wall, and every new name that appeared had an ever more dazzling green glow.

Several dozen breaths later.

As the 14th-placed name, Guang Bi, appeared, the crowd became even more surprised and confused.

Some of these names appeared to be human ones, while others were likelier to be surnames and names exclusive to the Demon Race or Brute Race, but regardless of which races they were from, the names which appeared on the Storm List were terribly unheard of by and unfamiliar to the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

At present, nobody could understand the underlying reason for this change.

Neither did they know the significance of these names.

Therefore, even though they had their suspicions, they dared not speculate baselessly.

Ye Qingyu gazed at the wall as new names continued to appear gradually, before shifting his sight to the flaming-red-haired plump elder, Yan Wushuang.

The latter had not been bothering to wipe the sweat from his clammy face, on which large beads of sweat could be found even on his brows and eyelids.

Appearing greatly astonished, he was looking with full attention at the wall, but turned his head toward Ye Qingyu when he sensed an incoming glance from the crowd.

"The Storm List and these names, what are they about?" Ye Qingyu moved closer and asked.

He was certain that, in order to understand this matter clearly, the person he needed to ask was this elder who was responsible for guiding the envoy mission, rather than the examiner who was only responsible for the test.

Yan Wushuang remained smiling even as his tiny briquette-like eyes stared on roundedly in shock, an odd sight to behold. When he heard Ye's enquiry, he moved closer and explained the origin of the Storm List in a lowered voice.

Over millions and millions of years, new domains were continually born in the Vast Thousand Domains.

When a new domain's strength reached a certain level, it would appear on the space-time coordinates and naturally be discovered by the Alliance of Domains which oversaw the various large domains.

When it was time for it to be recognized, the new domain would participate in the domain rating designated by the Alliance. Just like the Heaven Wasteland Domain was currently doing, it would send an envoy mission on the route consisting of various tests in the nineteen cities of chaos and which eventually leads to the Chaotic Sky City where the domain would be rated.

Naturally, over these millions and millions of years, countless envoy missions had participated in the Wall of Storm test.

The wall was built by the Storm Martial Emperor and thus possessed many layers of magical power and divinity. Legend had it that it was not only a tool for testing strength but also a recording and assessing instrument. Over the years, it had recorded the names of numerous "demon-like" supreme talents who had passed the test, and ranked them based on their assessed strength and potential.

"It's believed that the list records the names of the thirty most 'demon-like' supreme talents. Whenever a new talent is found, the list will be updated and the last-placed name will disappear. This is the so-called Storm List," a chuckling Yan Wushuang explained as he wiped away large amounts of sweat.

It seemed that he would perspire at an ever more insane rate whenever he had emotional changes.

"I see... Do you know where these demon-like supreme talents whose names appear on the wall are now?" Ye Qingyu could not help asking as he looked at the names appearing in succession, each more dazzling than the last.





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 691:


Chapter 709 - Top of the List


"Those who can get on this list are the chosen ones of the Vast Thousand Domains. Their fates are entirely different but can be generally separated into two extremes..." Yan Wushuang remained smiling even as he continued, "As the saying goes, a tree which outgrows the forest will be blown down by the wind. Outstanding individuals are sure to attract envy, regardless of which race they are from. Whenever a demon-like supreme talent with the potential to attain the quasi-emperor realm appears, they would certainly pose a huge threat to other races, which would then pull out all stops to prevent them from attaining said realm."

Although the plump elder was clearly smiling as he spoke, Ye Qingyu could discern a bone-piercing chill in his words.

"So, the people on this list are all dead, right?" Ye asked.

"That's impossible. These people become 'demon-like' precisely because they can accomplish things others can't. While there are indeed a few who were killed by enemy forces or other ill-intentioned beings before they reached their potential, a large portion of them survived and matured thanks to heaven-defying chance and fate, and eventually reached the pinnacle, becoming overlord-level beings in the Vast Thousand Domains and even mighty emperors whose strengths attained the quasi-emperor realm." The plump elder recounted as he wiped away large amounts of sweat.

After listening, Ye Qingyu understood things in general.

He nodded slightly, already vaguely guessing something, and casually asked once again, "Elder Yan, why do you think the Storm List would appear now?"

The ranking had already reached the fifth place by this time.

On the wall appeared a name which gave off an abnormally eye-catching green glow...

Wei Lie.

It sounded a lot like the name of a human expert.

"Hoho, the Storm List only appears for one reason - the Storm of Wall has sensed the birth of a new demon-like level supreme talent among us, and so the list has to be changed and rearranged." Yan Wushuang gazed smilingly at Ye Qingyu, making no secret of his appreciation.

"Look, a new name has appeared above Wei Lie!"

Following an exclamation, the crowd saw that on the wall appeared a line of words which was even more dazzling than the rest, such that one practically had to operate yuan qi in order to look straight at it.

"Time for the fourth place..."

"Mi... Chen..."

"It looks somewhat like a monk's religious name..."

"His strength can actually be top four..."

Everyone concentrated fully and solely on the list changes with amazement and curiosity.

Behind them was Shangguan Wu, who stared with eyes wide open at the Storm List. His expression became increasingly animated as the list verged on completion, such that he nearly could not control himself.

On one hand, it was because of the names that had appeared near the top.

These names, which sounded like the honorific titles of deities, had rocked various large domains during their time. Like comets, they shone in a dazzling brilliance and enacted world-shaking, radical changes.

Having heard many stories of their heaven-defying deeds, Shangguan Wu revered these supreme experts tremendously.

On the other hand, he believed that the appearance of the Storm List was not simply to signal recognition of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps by the Storm Martial Emperor's will, but also meant that among the mission was someone whose strength and potential had been recorded by the Storm List. In other words, a new pinnacle overlord would be born from among them in the future.

As he thought about this, Shangguan Wu suddenly shifted his gaze toward the completely unfathomable white-robed figure in front of the wall. It was as if, in that moment, he saw on Ye Qingyu an unhuman brilliance and aura.

"The third place name is appearing!"

"The green glow on these words... are becoming so glaring..."

"Third... Pan Wuli..."

"Is this... a demonic beast?"

"Here comes the second place..."

"In front of Pan Wuli is..."

"Qing... Lan..."

"Why... seems like a female name..."

As the list became more populated, the discussions of the crowd became clamorous.

However, far away from the crowd, Huang Tayun remained rooted on the spot in astoundment, becoming more and more ashen-faced.

As an examiner of the Wall of Storm and a front court supervisor of the Violet Gold Divine Office, he naturally knew what the appearance of the Storm List signified.

He was all the more clear who among the crowd was the soon-to-be-born heaven-defying expert.

It could only be the demon-like being who had punched through the Wall of Storm while watched on by countless pairs of eyes...

Ye Qingyu.

To the Alliance of Domains members who knew the Storm List well, it served more like a prediction list.

If Ye Qingyu's name appeared on the list, it would mean that, given some time, he would inevitably transform into a dragon that soared above the Ninth Heavens.

When that time arrived, Huang Tayun would be remembered as the puny Violet Gold Divine Office front court supervisor who had deliberately made things difficult for him. Like an ant under a massive dragon claw, the former would be turned to ashes as easily as falling off a log...

At this moment, the regret in Huang Tayun's heart was nearly enough to kill him.

Why does the person I had to trouble have to be him?

Why does the person who's getting on the list have to be him?

"The first place is... finally about to appear!" Shangguan Wu fastened his eyes on the Storm List.

The highest ranked name gradually emerged on the Wall of Storm under the countless gazes.

The onlooking experts had to operate a good amount of yuan qi in order to see it clearly.

"Po... Hun..."

"What a weird name. Which race could it be from?"

"It's hard to imagine the level of demon-like talent needed to place first on this list..."

There were currently thirty names ranked on the Storm List in front of everyone's eyes.

Highest on the wall was the name Po Hun, which shone in a green brilliance which nobody could look straight at.

"Po Hun... Qing Lan... Pan Wuli... Mi Chen... Wei Lie..." Ximen Yeshui read out the names of the five foremost supreme talents.

"This list only contains thirty people, right? They've all been displayed and there doesn't seem to be any changes. What's going on?" Wen Wan, impatient as always, had thought that a name from the Heaven Wasteland Domain should appear on the list, but this was not the case.

"Hoho, don't be impatient. This is the established ranking before the main feature, which is coming up soon. The Storm List will then be updated and re-ranked." Yan Wushuang widened his mouth to form a deeply meaningful smile.

Standing not far away was Huang Tayun, who was even more nervous at this time.

No matter which rank Ye Qingyu would take, him getting on this list was already an outcome which Huang Tayun certainly did not wish to see.

There was also a member of the Violet Gold Divine Guards who was shocked to the point of madness - Huang Lin.

He looked at Ye Qingyu as if he was looking at a horrifying devil incarnate. He vowed that if time could be reversed and he could do things differently, he would stay so far away from the latter that he would never be seen even once, and certainly would not provoke the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

Just then...

A cry of alarm was suddenly heard from among the crowd in the middle of the plaza.

"Look, there are new changes on the wall!"

Indeed, the rank numbers and the names on the wall started to be updated one after another. As each green glow flickered, every name and the corresponding rank number in front of it became clearly different from before.

Several breaths later.

The reassembly and reorder of the names on the wall were complete.

Xue Feihan, originally 30th place, disappeared from the wall.

The 29th-placed Lu Aoyun became the new 30th.

In similar fashion, each and every name was shifted a position back.

Everyone was waiting and expecting.

They knew full well the identity of the one person who could get on the Storm List from among the crowd.

Hence, their hearts were presently palpitating in excitement.

The only question was which rank on this list would the strongest war god of the Heaven Wasteland Domain end up in.

Several breaths later.

In front of the Wall of Storm.

"Wei Lie has been moved to sixth..."

"Why hasn't Lord Ye's name appeared..."

"Look! Mi Chen is now fifth!"

"Oh... Lord Ye is top three!"

"Hahaha... our domain is gonna be famous!"

There was a visible buzz and vigor on everyone's face as the envoy mission grew in excitement.

A sparkling light could be seen in the eyes of the Heaven Wasteland leaders including Empress Yu Xiaoxing and the First Princess, who both stood at the frontmost of the crowd.

Yan Wushuang and Shuang Wuyan, who stood alone far outside the plaza like an ice statue, also revealed increasingly astounded looks on their faces.

Although they were not too surprised that Ye Qingyu would appear on the Storm List, for him to be among the top five was a different story altogether.

The original top five on the Storm List were each an expert who bordered on the quasi-emperor stage.

Especially the first-placed Po Hun, a quasi-emperor who ruled two higher domains a millennium ago.

Huang Tayun's heart was filled with near-insuppressible shock and fear at this time. He remained stiffly rooted on the spot as he stared long and hard at the Storm List. All of a sudden, his pupils contracted, his breath became short, and his arms trembled involuntarily. He uttered in a low and flaky voice, "Impossible... no... Pan Wuli... Qing Lan... how is this..."

At this moment, the originally third-placed Pan Wuli and second-placed Qing Lan were shifted to fourth and third respectively.

In other words, only two names were yet unranked - Po Hun, the original first place, and Ye Qingyu, who had activated but not appeared on the Storm List.

Everyone's gaze was in their most concentrated state.

The entire test plaza became completely soundless.

Everyone held their nerves, fired up their yuan qi, and restrained the surging excitement in their hearts as they waited with bated breath.

By this time, many people had realized that they were about to witness the birth of a miracle.

A breath later.

It seemed like an extremely short time, yet also as if an entire year had gone by.

The two highest ranked names emerged one after the other on the Storm List.

In second place, Po Hun.

Above it shone two eye-piercing characters which dazzled like no other as if they were a scorching comet...

Ye Qingyu.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 692:


Chapter 710 - The Master Makes An Appearance


First place, Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu!

At the top of the Storm List, the highest ranked name was none other than Ye Qingyu!

Countless people were instantly rooted on the spot in shock and deprived of their wits and verbal ability by those two vividly sparkling words at the top of the list.

Silence.

A deathly silence.

Just like the strangest and most oppressive silence in the sky before the sweeping by of a tempest.

Many Heaven Wasteland experts could not believe what they were seeing. They desperately rubbed their eyes, gathered their spirits and qi, and operated their yuan qi before carefully staring at the Wall of Storm once more.

Huang Tayun's trembling legs were almost unable to support his body any longer.

His entire being had suffered a huge blow and was on the verge of collapse, just like a tree branch after being hit by a storm.

Standing in front of him was Shangguan Wu, whose expression was also that of disbelief and shock.

He was feeling somewhat numb in the head from the excessive shock.

He had originally thought that Ye Qingyu's ability to get on the Storm List represented the Storm Martial Emperor's approval of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, and had certainly felt inspired and proud that the Human Race had once again produced a list-worthy expert.

But he totally did not expect his inspiration and pride to be this explosive and intense.

Ye Qingyu had topped the Storm List!

The absolute top of the list!

Heavens, when was the last time the Human Race produced a genius who got on the Storm List?

At least a few thousand years ago, no?

And it was a rather unconvincing position to boot.

Based on all the information he was aware of, Shangguan Wu could confirm that Ye Qingyu was the second human demon-like talent to top the Storm List.

The last human to top the list had once nearly taken away the heavens of the Vast Thousand Domains.

Unexpectedly, a new human had emerged at present.

In the middle of the plaza.

The members of the envoy mission, Empress Yu Xiaoxing, the First Princess, Hu Jue, Ximen Yeshui, Wen Wan, and even Yan Buhui were each a genius expert who usually kept a straight face, but all of them were looking pleasantly surprised at this point in time.

Even Old Fish and the silly dog in his arms both had their mouths wide open, looking flabbergasted.

Ye Qingyu himself was very much amazed.

He was always confident in himself and also had a fortuitous encounter in the underground chilly lake, but after listening to Yan Wushuang's account of the Storm List's origin, he did not believe he could place top five on the list, let alone first.

Right then.

Rooted in front of the Wall of Storm, Shangguan Wu suddenly seemed to regain his senses.

Abruptly, an unprecedented grave expression appeared on his face as his body jerked. Having made his decision, he raised a hand.

Swish!

A token which emitted a pale green halo flew out from his palm and zipped toward the hurricanes and vortexes surrounding the test plaza.

In a twinkling.

The towering wind pillars, which had been spinning rapidly, suddenly transformed into giant rune statues which shone in a dazzling green radiance. As if they were green dragons, these statues traveled forth densely and twiningly, and instantly covered all sides of the test site and sealed it tightly.

All of a sudden, the entire plaza was sealed up by an extremely strange and terrifying power.

"This matter will be too mind-blowing to the various large domains, and so word must never get out. Nobody is to leave the test plaza!" Shangguan Wu looked at Huang Tayun and Ye Qingyu, his expression becoming serious and grave like never before.

Given some time, and as long as he did not die, the person who topped the Storm List would inevitably become a quasi-emperor.

News that the Human Race had produced a supreme demon-like, heaven-defying expert would undoubtedly rock the countless domains of the Vast Thousand Domains, and especially the human forces of the various large domains.

It was imperative that the present day's rankings did not leak out. Not even a single rumor.

Otherwise, Ye Qingyu would unquestionably become targeted by the foreign race forces of other mature domains, and would perpetually be in danger henceforth.

Shangguan Wu's prompt decision to seal up the test plaza was precisely intended to keep this matter as confidential as possible. This would protect not only Ye Qingyu but, more importantly, the future of the human forces of myriad domains.

Because of Shangguan Wu's words, the scene on the test plaza quickly became unusually serious and tense.

Many people had become aware of the interests involved in this matter.

In the meantime.

Shangguan Wu walked to the left side of the plaza and called together all of the Violet Gold Divine Guards. Enunciating every word clearly, he said in an extremely fierce tone, "Listen up. Nobody is to divulge any information regarding what happened today on the test plaza. If any of you speaks half a word, the Violet Gold Divine Office will issue an all-out chase-and-kill order. No mercy will be shown!"

"Yes!"

The Violet Gold Divine Guards looked extremely solemn.

As fellow humans, they naturally felt a sense of common pride when they saw Ye Qingyu's name topping the Storm List.

But they could also understand the dangerous after effects which Lord Shangguan was worried about.

Therefore, as a member of the Violet Gold Divine Guards, a subject of the city founded by the Storm Martial Emperor, and a member of the Human Race, they could feel a sense of mission to guard the secret and protect Ye Qingyu.

Of course, there were exceptions among the fifty or more guards.

Huang Lin, who was one of the leaders, and three or four of his colleagues, were currently trembling in fear.

In fact, when Ye Qingyu's name appeared in the top spot, Huang Lin's body shook and fell on the ground because the fear in his heart became too huge.

Another person who absolutely could not control himself because of excessive fear was Huang Lin's uncle, Huang Tayun.

In the middle of the plaza.

Inconspicuously, Huang Tayun was already leaning against a black rock wall at the base of the test platform, gasping heavily for breath.

An extremely complicated expression of shock and anger appeared on his face as he bit his teeth forcefully to control the trembling of his body.

What should I do now?

Never thought that lil' prick's talents would be terrifying enough to be recognized as first place on the Storm List.

If his "wings" develop in the future, he'll surely become a quasi-emperor level leader.

However, Huang Lin and I have both offended this kid already... what can be done? If he pursues this matter after he grows up, I'll be nothing more than an ant in front of him, even despite being one of the front court supervisors of the Violet Gold Divine Office. And the office would certainly not want to offend such a dreadful being simply because of me.

This won't do... I cannot let him have the chance to continue growing. I must find a way to get rid of him.

Huang Tayun looked toward the white-robed figure in the crowd.

An unprecedented malicious, venomous, and grim cold light broke out from within his pupils.

In the distance.

The envoy members who crowded around the Wall of Storm also gradually understood the implications for the Heaven Wasteland Domain, the Human Race, and the Vast Thousand Domains of the events which happened in front of their eyes.

Everyone's expression started to become unusually excited, and their entire beings entered a state of hyperactivity and agitation.

Standing in front of them all was Ye Qingyu, who remained calm-faced and looked as if he was deep in thought.

He had been extremely shocked and pleasantly surprised when his name appeared at the top of the list.

After all, since the Storm List appeared until after Yan Wushuang's description of it, he knew that his name would appear on the list, but did not expect to emerge in first place, which was excellent news both for himself and the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

But on the other hand, as the saying goes, ‘fortune lies in misfortune while misfortune hides in fortune’. They should not start celebrating too early for, as Yan Wushuang said, if news leaked out and happened to attract the killing intent of forces and beings which were enemies of the Human Race, it would be a huge disadvantage to himself and his domain.

‘The wind inevitably blows down the tree which outgrows the forest’.

Other domains, especially the higher domains and forces of other races, would absolutely not allow the Human Race of any domain to successfully raise a supreme expert who had the potential to become a quasi-emperor.

Besides, this hostility would not just come from the forces of other races, but the various large factions in the Alliance of Domains, the enemy forces from various mature domains, and even various human forces...

To one side, Empress Yu Xiaoxing, too, figured out the interests involved in this matter.

She glanced at her elder cousin, who remained lost in thought, with eyes full of resolve. As the empress of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, she would absolutely not allow her domain to slip into any kind of crisis, and all the more would not allow anyone the possibility of harming her one and only sore spot - Ye Qingyu.

Aside from the personnel of the Violet Gold Divine Office, every member of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps was also liable to maintain the secrecy of the matter!

Yu Xiaoxing looked at the contingent and was just about to give her orders.

But just then, a strange and sudden change occurred.

Above the test plaza.

A peculiar power which resembled an extreme volatile wave suddenly appeared. Among the rune seals in the green wind layer above, a distorted green wind cluster of approximately four to five meters in diameter emerged and seemed to devour all of the surrounding energy.

In a twinkling, the entire plaza was shrouded by a magnificent and uncontrollable power.

Everyone's hearts sank, and they instinctively conceived an impulse to kneel on the ground and submit.

What's going on!

Ye Qingyu's countenance turned cold.

This power was simply too terrifying.

Everything on the plaza had been restrained before he was able to respond.

Wherever a faint green breeze passed through would become motionless and silent. Ye Qingyu astoundedly discovered that, within his sights, people and objects had stopped moving and were completely frozen as if time had stopped, such that even the wind and clouds became static.

Only a small number of people remained moving.

He was one of them.

The other person from the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps was Wuzhao Empress Yu Xiaoxing.

"Elder cousin!" Yu Xiaoxing glanced at Ye Qingyu.

The latter was inwardly shocked and felt that the suddenly-appearing power was omnipresent. He remained calm and cautious as he walked up to Yu Xiaoxing.

Just then, in the air above.

An indistinct green wind cluster which resembled a convergence of breezes appeared out of nowhere.

"Master!"

When the two examiners on the plaza, Shangguan Wu and Huang Tayun, saw this, their expressions became solemn and respectful like no other. With perfectly straight postures, they respectfully saluted in unison toward the phantom in mid-air.





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

