Chapter 685:


Chapter 703 - Test (5)


Four or five Violet Gold Divine Guards immediately unsheathed their swords and surrounded Little Nine.

They were led by none other than Huang Lin, who was grimly smiling.

Ye Qingyu frowned.

He knew he should have stopped the silly dog from getting on people's nerves. But at the same time, Huang Lin was indeed too detestable and could not even stomach a reprisal.

"Supervisor Huang, you're a top supervisor of the Violet Gold Divine Office, an official of the domain rating test, and also a person of great repute through Sunrise City. Isn't it unworthy of your status to fuss about an ignorant and silly dog?" Ye Qingyu spoke with a smile as he shielded in front of Little Nine.

Huang Tayun laughed grimly without replying.

"Ye Qingyu, step aside," Huang Lin spoke in an overbearing tone as he walked over and pointed his sword directly at Ye Qingyu's nose.

Without looking back at the former, Ye Qingyu formed an arc at the corner of his mouth.

His gaze landed upon Shangguan Wu.

The latter finally began to talk, "Alright everyone, stand down. The Wall of Storm is a sanctum of the Human Race, so please stop messing around. Regarding what happened just now, Divine Guard Huang Lin, you were first to provoke, so don't be aggressive anymore. Let's focus on the domain test. If anything goes wrong, Sunrise City will become a joke among the nineteen cities of chaos. Nobody will then be able to bear the punishment of Master."

Upon hearing this, the Violet Gold Divine Guards who had taken action hurriedly sheathed their swords.

A look of dissatisfaction showed on Huang Lin's face.

Shangguan Wu laughed and turned his head to peer at Huang Tayun. Revealing a self-deprecating expression, he said plainly, "I'd long heard that your nephew's an extraordinary and arrogant talent. Having seen him today, he indeed lives up to his reputation. To think that he wouldn't even listen to a deputy commander like myself. Hoho, he's truly a young talent."

Huang Lin's countenance dramatically changed after hearing these words.

He immediately realized that he had committed a fatal mistake.

With his mouth slightly twitching at the corner and his brows raised, he hurriedly berated Huang Lin. "Scoundrel, Lord Shangguan has given his orders and you're still not backing off? Are you defying his orders?"

"No no no, that's not my intention..." Huang Lin, too, realized the severity of the matter at once, and hastily sheathed his sword and backed off.

He was actually feeling deeply regretful at this point.

Regretful that he had done something as stupid as nearly defying orders.

He had become muddled mainly because he was teased so badly by the dog that he could not control his anger.

There's not one decent fella among these wretched envoys.
He almost went mad in his fury and vowed that he would find an opportunity to teach Ye Qingyu and several others a proper lesson.
After the test ends, I'll make sure the theft case is irrefutable. Ye Qingyu won’t be getting out of Sunrise City even if he gets through the test.

Seeing his nephew's behavior, Huang Tayun was also in a state of annoyance.

"Why is such a usually-shrewd young man behaving so foolishly and making so many mistakes today that he nearly spoiled my plans?" If the latter was not his nephew, Huang Tayan would have wanted him dead.

He swept a side glance at Shangguan Wu and felt slightly relieved upon seeing that the latter had no intention of following up on the matter.

Although he and the latter were both examiners for the day and appeared to have similar status, in reality, Shangguan Wu's prestige and status within the Violet Gold Divine Office and even the entire Sunrise City were a lot higher than his. He was merely one of the four supervisors of the front court whereas Shangguan Wu was the deputy commander of the entire Violet Gold Divine Guards.

It should be added that the one and only chief commander was a personal disciple of the mansion master and had not bothered with such mundane affairs for many years, and thus Shangguan Wu was essentially the chief commander who held decisive authority. More importantly, as one of the top ten pillar experts of the Sunrise City, Huang Tayun was nowhere near comparable to him in strength.

Therefore, in reality, Huang Tayun feared Shangguan Wu greatly.

He shot a glance at Ye Qingyu and the others and another at the Wall of Storm. A hint of absolute hatred burning within the depths of his eyes. "Hmph! I shall let you all enjoy this moment. But let's see how you bastards get past the second test!"

In front of the Wall of Storm.

"Lord Shangguan, can the second test begin?" Empress Yu Xiaoxing inhaled a deep breath.

"Yes, it can. The rules are very simple too. In one move, using any technique, weapon, or method you wish, leave a visible mark on the wall. You'll be deemed to pass the test if ten different participants are able to do so. There are no limits on the number of participants you can send, but the test is over when an incense stick has burned up. During the test, any participant who fails to leave the required marks on the wall can simply fall back to one side." Shangguan Wu nodded his head as he provided detailed instructions once more.

As soon as he spoke, an extremely bizarre brown halo formation flew out of his pale yellow gemstone ring and pasted itself on the Wall of Storm, before entering within a moment later.

"Remember, you only have an incense stick's worth of time!" Huang Tayun added.

Leaving the test platform, he walked to one side of the Wall of Storm and twisted his own pale yellow ring.

The Wall of Storm was once again fired up and thus gradually transformed into a giant pale-green solid wall with an incomparably slick surface. Giving off a strange radiance, it was replete with aesthetic beauty and mysterious aura.

However, nobody had noticed that Huang Tayun had furtively twisted a forest-green gemstone ring on a different finger in concurrence with the pale yellow one.

An invisible pale green aura quietly flowed out and landed on the Wall of the Storm.

After doing all this, Huang Tayun revealed a subtle and sinister smirk.

In front of the Wall of Storm.

The Heaven Wasteland contingent had already decided their strategy.

"I'll have a shot first." A nine-foot-tall Brute Race expert with rounded arms and a thick beard that covered more than half his face, and whose strength was at the pinnacle of the Heaven Ascension stage, walked out from the assembly of hundreds of envoys.

He was naturally endowed with herculean strength which was probably top three among the entire Brute Race. He possessed great confidence in his immense destructive power, which explained why he offered to try first. The nearly two-meter-long black club in his hand emitted a dark fluorescent light, and its body was engraved with formation imprints that were unique to the Brute Race and that let out a series of howls and bellows as if they were ferocious beasts.

Brandishing his long club, the Brute Race expert issued an angry roar.

Black-colored Brute energy abruptly worked up all over his body.

He gathered all of his power in the club and delivered the hardest strike of his life toward the Wall of Storm.

Boom!

The long club struck against the giant wall amid the blare.

A black glare suddenly appeared.

Subsequently, a figure was sent hurtling ten meters through the air.

As if made of bronze and iron, the Wall of Storm remained not just steadfast and unmoved, but also even and glossy, such that it was completely unmarred. Black fragments which were completely devoid of light and spiritual energy scattered at the base of the wall. Just a while ago, it had destroyed the first-rate treasure that was the long club which the Brute Race expert was holding.

Several meters off.

Having suffered a feedback force, the Brute Race expert laid on the ground ashen-faced. A half-meter-long bone-deep wound stretched down his arm from his purlicue. His whole body was numb, rendering him unable to stand up, and so he simply gazed at the Wall of Storm with eyes filled with disbelief.

Because there was no mark on the wall.

His attempt... failed!

Beside the Wall of Storm.

Supervisor Huang appeared unsurprised by this result. In his view, a lower domain Brute Race expert whose strength had not even reached the Immortal Step realm was clearly daydreaming if he thought he could break the wall's defense and leave a mark on it.

Outside the test plaza.

The result of the first attempt caused every envoy to gulp a mouthful of cold air and their hearts to skip a beat.

An all-out strike by a pinnacle Heaven Ascension stage expert could not even leave a scratch on the Wall of Storm.

Among this envoy mission which comprised of thousands of men, his strength was already considered outstanding. Yet, he not only failed to leave a mark on the wall, but was also badly wounded by the feedback force. It thus seemed a lot less likely that the contingent would be able to find ten people who could leave a mark on the wall and thereby pass the test.

Everyone immediately realized that it was not a simple task.

This test was starting to appear more difficult than the first.

For a while, everyone's eyes centered upon the ten people who managed to endure the fury of the storm.

These extraordinarily powerful people carried a domain's hopes of getting rated.

The attempts continued.

In the next fifteen minutes.

The Heaven Wasteland experts lined up in the middle of the plaza, taking turns to walk up to the Wall of Storm and give it their hardest strikes, be it with their fists, palms, swords, axes, or other methods.

But all of them failed.

And there was not much time left.

Only twenty people among the participating experts had not made their attempts.

The unbroken string of failures caused everyone's heart to sink.

Morale was slipping away.

Yet another expert walked toward the wall. Having witnessed so many failures, he felt a little nervous and did not have much confidence.

Just then...

"Forget it. Let me try," a voice rang out.

It was Yan Buhui.

He gave the nervous expert a pat on the shoulder before walking up to the wall.

After walking a few dozen steps, two extremely vigorous white demonic flames spurted from his pupils while surging waves of demonic aura emanated from his body, giving him an absolutely powerful appearance.

Seeing this, Shangguan Wu nodded his head imperceptibly.

An expectation arose in everyone's hearts.

This was the first of the ten experts who passed the first test.

Can he succeed?

Upon reaching the wall with countless gazes of anticipation and attention upon him, Yan Buhui did not do much preparation but simply raised his right palm, which seemed as if it belonged to an ice sculpture instead.  A giant spirit palm infused with demonic aura , which was near-solid, abruptly spawned from his palm together with a hard-to-describe terrifying power.

"Space-time Demonic Spirits... Palm of Demonic Spirits!"

As he grunted, the giant spirit palm infused with demonic aura, which was fused with the power of the fiendgod, charged toward the wall.

Boom!

A blare sounded throughout the test plaza. The ground began to tremor as if aroused by a strange energy.





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 686:


Chapter 704 - Test (6)



On the Wall of Storm.

A palm print was clearly visible.

There was finally a distinct mark on the one-hundred-meter-wide Wall of Storm!

After a brief silence, the onlooking experts on both sides suddenly burst into cheers that sounded like surging mountain torrents.

"Fantastic!"

"Hahaha! We did it!"

"The first mark has appeared!"

Uplifting cheers like these surged toward the periphery of the plaza in the fashion of an enormous tidal wave.

For a while, the entire plaza erupted with the joyous cheers of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. Everyone was brimming with fighting spirit and confidence, as though their long-held worries had been completely swept clean by this palm print.

"It's only the first mark, big deal. Truly a bunch of lower domain bastards. Until there are ten marks, it'll be failure that greets you." The leader of the guards, Huang Lin, sneered, revealing a look of disdain and ridicule on his face.

However, there was an added tinge of fear in the way he looked at Yan Buhui.

Although Huang Lin had great confidence in his own strength, he was uncertain whether he could leave such a clear palm print on the Wall of Storm. It was evident to him that the white-haired and white-browed man with a demonic aura was not beneath him in strength, and thus had to be taken note of if the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps was to be dealt with.

...

On the test platform in the middle of the plaza.

After careful examination, Shangguan Wu and Huang Tayun declared that the first mark was valid.

Yan Buhui did not pay much attention to this verdict, seemingly because he had long expected this result. He kept a calm face that showed no hint of surprise, and stared fixedly at the spot on the wall where the palm print was, somewhat lost in thought as if he had gained some comprehension.

Time flew by.

The subsequent attempt went a whole lot smoother.

Brandishing the empress sword and firing up her imperial qi, Empress Yu Xiaoxing swiftly left a mark as long as an index finger on the Wall of Storm.

Shangguan Wu approved the mark after personally examining it.

The second mark had been achieved.

Being a mark personally left by the Heaven Wasteland Domain's first empress, it undoubtedly served as a stimulus that greatly uplifted the morale and will of the envoy mission.

The First Princess Yu Junqing followed shortly after.

The former top expert of the Heaven Wasteland Human Race imperial family left a slightly lighter but nevertheless vivid sword mark on the left-hand side of the wall.

Next in line was the Heaven Wasteland Domains top martial maniac, Hu Jue.

He appeared to have gained some comprehension while withstanding the offense of the Wall of Power earlier on. A palm print appeared on the wall as soon as he delivered a palm strike close to where the First Princess' mark was.

Like giant waves that surged high into the sky one after another, the cheers and vigor of the envoy mission ran ever higher.

Everyone appeared excited like never before. They saw within these successively appearing marks the dawn of ultimate victory shining upon them.

In front of the Wall of Storm.

"Hey, your turn. That fat hen won't have any feathers left if you keep combing." Wen Wan used an elbow to nudge Ximen Yeshui, who had been combing his parrot's feathers all this time.

The latter gently prodded his finger, compelling the parrot to return to his shoulder.

"Heh heh, this is simple, watch," he said with great confidence. Clenching his fist in the air, a three-pronged halberd that emanated a cold pale blue light materialized in his palm at once.

He then shook his arm without first approaching or examining the wall.

Amid the roaring noises of tidal waves, the halberd shot out like a beam of blue flowing light.

Boom!

The Wall of Storm made a loud explosive noise.

After been shocked, the halberd flew back toward him.

In an ostentatious fashion, Ximen Yeshui most elegantly raised his hand and caught hold of the halberd.

A halberd mark which was a finger's length deep could be distinctly seen on the wall.

The crowd cheered with great apprehension.

Ximen Yeshui had made it looked too easy. His strength seemed to increase several times with the pale blue halberd in hand, allowing him to leave a mark on the wall as if it was child's play. This was simply shocking to everyone.

Including Ye Qingyu.

"This fella has been hiding his strength all this time."

Ximen Yeshui's background and apprenticeship had always been a mystery, but he always came out ahead regardless of how tough the opponent or challenge was. Today's performance all the more impressed Ye Qingyu, who could not help wondering exactly which secret sect in the Heaven Wasteland Domain could have nurtured a monster like this.

"Haha, you truly are a secretive dark scholar." To one side, Wen Wan laughed as he reached both hands out to catch hold of two giant blood-red battleaxes which suddenly appeared in the air.

Ho!

The formations on the battleaxe fired up and burst forth a red beam toward the wall.

Boom!

A loud noise rang out from the body of the wall.

The battleaxes hacked upon the same spot synchronously.

Leaving a highly distinct mark on the wall.

The battleaxes flew back into the hands of a smiling Wen Wan, who shot a challenging look at Ximen Yeshui.

The latter winced a little but immediately tittered and said, "I never thought someone who eats noodles everyday could have such strength... Ironic to call me secretive when you're even more so."

The Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps had already begun cheering once more.

Ye Qingyu could not help throwing a few more glances at Wen Wan.

The performance of this crazy noodle-eating demon had surprised him as well.

Wen Wan has never displayed strength like this... Could it mean that this Great Divine General has also been concealing his strength all along?

If so, could the other Great Divine Generals be doing the same?

Ye Qingyu became a little perplexed.

By this time, there were already six marks on the wall!

Thunderous cheers and applauses which seemed like they could shake the mountains burst out on the plaza and went on endlessly.

With a hint of impatience and anger in his eyes, Huang Lin, who had been watching on disdainfully, could barely remain standing on his feet.

How did these lower domain bastards leave marks on the wall successively and so easily?

Impossible!

How can a lower domain have these kinds of experts?

However, the real scenes before his eyes made him a little uncertain.

Just as he was lost in thought, yet another loud noise rang out on the plaza.

In front of the Wall of Storm.

The figure who was carrying a giant hammer and panting mildly was none other than the Brute King of the desert, Shi Potian.

The giant hammer had gouged a dent which was the size of a fingernail on the wall in front of him.

On the test platform.

"A lil' small it may be... but clear it is. Approved!"  Shangguan Wu delivered his verdict after careful review.

"Great!"

"Let's press on!"

"Everyone, victory is near!"

"The experts in the middle of the plaza once again let out uplifting cheers.

"It's my turn to try."

The top expert of the White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race, Jin Tuodao, walked to the front of the crowd with a Black Waters Long Knife in his hand.

Bam!

Yet another loud noise rang out from the Wall of Storm.

"This..." Slightly breathless, Jin looked at the fine, hair-like knife mark on the wall with some apprehension.

I'd clearly struck out with all my might. How can there only be such a tiny mark? Didn't know that the wall is this tough.

The other experts watching on from the sides also felt somewhat perturbed and uncertain.

Although they could clearly see the mark with their own eyes, they could not be sure of the test officials' judgment.

Shangguan Wu walked down from the test platform he had been standing on throughout and came to the wall.

He carefully examined the knife mark together with Huang Tayun.

Silence.

The crowd held its breath.

As if they were angels waiting for divine judgment, everyone remained perfectly quiet.

"I declare this mark... valid," Shangguan Wu spoke in a flat yet assertive tone.

"What? Such a fine line counts as well?" Huang Tayun exclaimed as two beams of cold light instantly formed in his eyes, giving away his dissatisfaction with the verdict.

"Yes. As thin as it is, its depth meets the test criteria, and hence the verdict." Shangguan Wu spoke with absolute certainty after turning to face the crowd, looking dignified.

Cheers and yells.

Both within and without the plaza, the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps let out even more uplifting exclamations.

Eight valid marks already.

Victory was getting nearer!

Aside from Ye Qingyu, there was also the Sea Demon Race War God, Dragon Turtle Big Demon, remaining.

Because he had no problems standing firm within the red line zone during the fury of the storm earlier, the watching crowd expressed tremendous confidence in him.

He stood two meters in front of the wall with an incomparably solemn expression on his face, when all of a sudden, he tossed the turtle shell, which size he could change at will and on which a golden luster flickered, toward the wall.

Bam!

A thunderous sound was heard.

The onlookers raised their heads and looked at the wall in anticipation.

However, no mark appeared where the turtle shell had struck on the wall.

Instead, a tiny crack appeared on the turtle shell, which was rated as the toughest shield in the Sea Race for several hundred years, after it fell at the base of the wall.

Swaying his body, the Dragon Turtle Big Demon opened his mouth and shot out a stream of blood. The turtle shell was the body part most important to his foundation, and so a crack like this would certainly weaken his foundation. But what made him feel most disappointed and depressed was the fact that no mark appeared on the wall despite paying such a huge price.

Failure.

His facial expression was one of extreme agony.

He gently wiped away the aqua-colored blood stains at the corners of his mouth. With a weak aura, a shaking body on the verge of collapse, and a face of shame and guilt, he turned around and said, "Wuzhao Empress, Lord Ye... I tried my best... I'm incapable..."

The Dragon Turtle Race was well-known for its defensive excellence, but their offensive ability was mediocre. Despite trying so hard that the turtle shell cracked, the Big Demon's attempt ended in failure.

Ye Qingyu hurriedly caught hold of him.

The onlooking envoys revealed a sense of regret on their faces, but not one of them blamed this elder, who had compromised his foundation in trying.

There were still only eight marks left on the wall so far.

Among the participants, only Ye Qingyu had not made his attempt.

However, he was but one person, and only had one chance.

In other words, even if Ye Qingyu successfully left a mark, there would only be nine marks on the wall, and the Heaven Wasteland Domain would have no other way to meet the test criteria.

It was as if all voices and noises ceased abruptly in front of the Wall of Storm.

The atmosphere became rather quiet and low-spirited.

What could be done?

The hundreds of people in the middle of the plaza were the top-level experts carefully handpicked from the entire Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. Even if the remaining people were to attempt one after another, it was certain that none of them would be able to leave a mark on the wall.





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 687:


Chapter 705 - Test (7)



The prior joy and excitement began to subside.

Many of the envoys revealed confused looks.

They were short of two marks.

And among the remaining people, only Ye Qingyu was capable enough to leave a mark on the Wall of Storm.

Who could provide the last one?

It seemed as if the outcome had been decided.

All of the hard work and sacrifice would end here, in front of the wall.

Domain rating would become but a pipe dream for the Heaven Wasteland Domain. Subordination, separation, occupation, enslavement, and all adversities and disasters would then sweep through the domain like an irresistible hurricane.

Regret, grief.

Profound pain, fear.

And an obscure vision of the future...

For a time, an extremely complex and grave atmosphere hung over the people of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corpsn.

They could not imagine and dared not imagine.

The kinds of disasters which would befall the Heaven Wasteland Domain, and the covetous foreign domain forces which would carve up and swallow the Heaven Wasteland Domain after the failure of domain rating.

Ye Qingyu, too, began to frown.

Countless ideas and names dashed through his mind as he considered how to deal with this situation.

"Hahahaha..." a fiendishly delighted, derision-filled voice rang out.

Huang Lin was laughing heartily toward the sky.

"Haha, I just knew you were all fluking it at first. How can you crickets and ants be allowed to pass a test designed by the Storm Martial Emperor!" he said excitedly.

He had long been waiting for this and praying to see the look of despair on Ye Qingyu and the other’s faces. Excited and invigorated, he could no longer suppress the feeling of triumph in his heart. Unconcerned about incurring Shangguan Wu's wrath, he brashly guffawed, "You're dead meat at this point. Haha, no one else can do it, eh?"

The envoy mission was infuriated.

Just then...

"Who said no one else could?"

A voice rang out from a corner of the plaza.

Taken greatly aback, Ye Qingyu looked in the direction of the voice when he heard it.

Old Fish suddenly parted a way through the crowd he had been hiding among all this while and walked out. He looked at Huang Lin and disdainfully snapped, "You're wrong, junior. Who says we don't have anyone else who can? To tell you the truth, the real top expert among our mission has yet to try. How can something so simple as leaving a mark on the wall trouble us!"

Old Fish talked big indeed.

After speaking, he swayed his body carefully as he headed toward the center of the plaza.

The other envoys were all stunned.

Him?

That elder?

The elder who Lord Ye greatly respected and always brought along?

Everyone's eyes fell upon Old Fish.

Could that elder of unknown identity and origin actually be a supreme expert hiding by Lord Ye's side?

Momentarily, a glimmer of hope rekindled in the eyes of the contingent members.

Ye Qingyu had some doubts as he looked at the elder walking out of the crowd.

Old Fish was indeed strong and tough like no other, but doesn't he only have consciousness power to scare people with left after suffering a Dao injury?

Or does this ten-thousand-year-old chicken thief still have a trick up his sleeve?

Or is he trying to mislead and frighten the enemy, just as he did at the Storm Sword Meeting?

Because the old man was highly unreliable most of the time, Ye Qingyu did not trust him too much and feared that he was up to yet another shenanigan.

The gazes of countless people centered on Old Fish.

"Heh heh... don't look at me like that!" As if sensing the misgivings of the crowd, Old Fish revealed a faint and mysterious smile and said, "I certainly won't do something as simple as leaving a mark on the wall myself. That would be too degrading of a king... Heh heh, this is the expert I'm referring to!

He suddenly held up a white and fluffy furball as he spoke.

"Woof! Let me go, ya old thing." It was none other than the silly dog Little Nine, which had disappeared after making a brief fuss!

That's right!

We still have this silly dog!

Ye Qingyu's eyes brightened.

How could I forget about this pup?

This silly dog is, after all, a weirdo of a battle pet which devoured four streaks of Heavenly Lightning without dying.

Perhaps... it truly has the strength and means to leave a mark on the wall?  Wasn't it its pee that opened the city gate earlier on?

The looks of the other experts swiftly turned from shock into an odd expression, as if they did not know whether to laugh or cry.

Though they did not know much about the battle pet of the Lord of the Light Palace, they had been struck dumb on many occasions by the amazing things it had done on this journey, and time and again updated their understanding of it.

They could still vividly remember how it suddenly expanded in front of the city gate and scared off the Suanni beats subspecies with its appearance.

"Lil' fool, time for you to contribute, so behave well, 'kay?" Old Fish raised his hand and tossed the silly dog toward the wall. "Don't say I didn't remind you that if you end up saving the day, the Heaven Wasteland Domain will worship you as a hero henceforth. You'll be treated to free meals everywhere you go and won't have problems picking up any young bitch you fancy."

"Oh?" The silly dog narrowed its eyes. "Really? You aren't lying?"

Ye Qingyu nodded. "Yes, it's true. You'll receive your due benefits if you succeed."

The silly dog was certainly most turned on by the mention of benefits.

Therefore, it sashayed over to the wall, swaying its plump body and wagging its tail ostentatiously.

However, the nearer it got to the wall, the stranger the expression in its round pupils became.

"Huh? Odd, this wall has a smell... I recognize it from somewhere..." Squinting its eyes, the silly dog sniffed something along the way as it approached the wall. "Why don't I try this first..."

"Time's almost up. Stop dallying, you little fool..." Old Fish, who had been following behind the silly dog in silence, reached out a leg and kicked its behind unkindly.

"Oh, my! You old piece of..." Caught off guard, the silly dog crashed painfully into the wall. A dull bamming thud was swiftly followed by a short yelp.

Everyone was stupefied.

What's going on?

The eyes of the envoys fixed upon the white ball of flesh.

Its nose crashed into the wall?

Is this... considered an attempt?

I wonder if its nose is still intact...

"Old backstabbing bastard, I won’t play with you no longer... Huh? What's this? I've seen it..." The silly dog was barking madly when it suddenly saw a bizarre yet familiar mark.

The crowd first looked at the fallen dog which was covering its nose and baring its teeth, then at the spot on the wall where the dog's nose had rammed into.

Everyone's gaze went blank.

A wondrous expression surged frenziedly in their eyes.

Because at the foot of the wall was an extremely clear and distinct dent mark in the shape of a round nose tip.

Shock, disbelief.

Virtually everyone could not believe what they were seeing. After forcefully rubbing their eyes and verifying the mark several times, they finally erupted into vehement cheers.

"Hahaha! That was unexpected..."

"I'm not seeing things right... Haha, the ninth mark has appeared!"

"Excellent!"

"I never thought the nose of Lord Ye's battle pet was this powerful!"

"What a turn of events!"

Wave-like euphoria and cheering voices pervaded the entire test plaza.

The Violet Gold Divine Guards at the periphery of the plaza were completely flabbergasted and had entered a state of extreme shock, especially Huang Lin, who looked like he had seen a ghost.

"Simply... incredible... unimaginable... that dog's nose... how is this possible!?" Huang Lin felt that he was losing his mind.

He dared not believe anything his eyes had just seen.

Shangguan Wu, who was on the test platform, and Huang Tayun, who was to one side of the wall, also wore expressions of astoundment on their faces which even froze slightly.

Over several hundred years, they had seen many different marks left on the Wall of Storm, but had never seen a battle pet participating in the test, and moreover, that it could leave such a deep indentation on the wall just by using its nose.

A short while later...

"This... letting a dog... this is simply disrespectful to the Storm Martial Emperor!" Unable to contain his anger, Huang Tayun flung his sleeves and walked over to the wall, snapping, "This cannot count! This must absolutely not count!"

But his angry yells could not be heard through the hubbub of loud cheers from the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, which was already reveling in the joy and excitement of impending victory.

Shangguan Wu had regained his senses by this time.

Donning a slightly strange expression, he walked through the crowd and up beside the listless grunting dog, which he took a few doubtful looks at before he turned to examine the fingernail-deep mark on the wall, when a hint of extreme shock flashed across his eyes.

What exactly is this dog's nose made of?

How did it manage to leave a mark like this on the Wall of Storm?

If it had bumped into a human instead, even an Immortal Step expert would be knocked dead, right?

If the place was not as crowded as it was, Shangguan Wu would have badly wanted to give the dog's nose a good rubbing while carefully studying it.

At this very moment, everyone's eyes turned toward him.

His verdict would directly decide whether they passed this test or not.

This was because they knew full well that leaving a mark on the wall was a piece of cake for the Lord of the Light Palace, Ye Qingyu, given his strength.

If this mark was deemed valid, passing the first checkpoint of domain rating would be a matter of time in their view.

In the crowd.

"Lord Shangguan, this mark cannot count!" A tinge of absolute hatred flashed across Huang Tayun's eyes. "It's simply madness to use a dirty dog's nose to strike the Wall of Storm. We should severely punish the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps for dishonoring His Highness, the Storm Martial Emperor!"

"You f*cking toad, who you callin' a dirty dog? I'm an authentic handsome dog, alright? Do you not believe I'll bite you to death?" Sitting up, the silly dog straightened its ears and bared its teeth at Huang Tayun.

Murderous spirit gushed out from all over the latter's body.

At this time, Shangguan Wu suddenly began to laugh.





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 688:


Chapter 706 - Frame-Up



After brief consideration, Shangguan Wu knew what his decision would be.

"Lord Huang, there has never been a rule which explicitly states that battle pets aren't allowed to participate ever since His Highness the Storm Martial Emperor set up this test. What's more, don't you think such a deep and clear mark fully meets the criteria?" Shangguan Wu said plainly.

"This..." Huang Tayun was at a loss for words.

According to the literal interpretation of the rules, this was indeed the case.

"Lord Shangguan, do you mean this mark is deemed valid?" Ximen Yeshui crouched his body and touched the dent on the wall before he spat out a laugh.

The other experts also began to guffaw when they understood what Shangguan Wu implied.

That a small white dog's nose could leave such a deep mark on the Wall of Storm would probably become a legendary story throughout the Chaotic Ruins domain if word got out.

"That's right, my verdict..." In front of the wall, Shangguan Wu raised the corners of his mouth slightly and revealed a small smile, then took another glance at Little Nine, saying, "This mark is valid!"

The Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps began to cheer at once.

In this case, they should have no more trouble getting past the first checkpoint.

Ye Qingyu exchanged a smile with Yu Xiaoxing beside him.

Subsequently, he walked over to the Wall of Storm and readied himself.

However, just as everyone's attention was focused on Ye Qingyu, nobody noticed that, to the left of the wall, Huang Tayun inconspicuously took a step back and placed his left hand into his sleeve with his right hand covering.

As he peered at the jubilant and confident crowd, a terribly sinister cold light flashed across his pupils. He then gently twisted the forest-green gemstone ring.

An awfully strange smile once again showed at the corners of his lips after he performed this action.

In front of the wall, Ye Qingyu worked up his mysterious technique, causing his power to surge and his vigor to become compelling. He was ready to strike.

But just then...

"Eh? Wait... what's going on?" standing beside the crowd, Huang Tayun suddenly exclaimed. He pointed at the wall with an expression of surprise and panic on his face. "Something's wrong, Lord Shangguan. Look, the marks on the wall are... changing."

Wincing, Shangguan Wu looked toward the direction Huang Tayun pointed in.

Others were also startled by Huang's appearance and attitude, and thus subconsciously looked over.

On the Wall of Storm, the nine marks, starting from Yan Buhui's and Yu Xiaoxing's, were undergoing a weird change. They appeared to be gently touched by an invisible palm. Every one of them was being smoothed bit by bit, and gradually disappeared at a visible speed.

"What's going on!?"

"Impossible!"

"The marks are fading!"

"How can that be?"

Countless cries of disbelief.

With bewildered expressions, the contingent stared long and hard at the spots where the marks had been.

The wall presently resembled a giant sea sponge. Within several breaths' worth of time, the nine marks incredibly disappeared one by one from left to right at a visible and extremely slow speed, rendering the wall glossy and completely markless once again.

The nine marks had vanished!

Every one of them.

Not even the slightest trace remained.

Too difficult and frightening to believe!

The contingent fell into overwhelming shock.

A deathly silence.

This feeling was as though the fruit of victory was already in one's hand, but vanished within the palm in the blink of an eye.

The situation had unexpectedly turned on its head.

The hundreds of people on the plaza were unable to accept this outcome.

An extremely unusual gloom.

"How can this be?" Ye Qingyu, too, was immensely shocked, having been getting ready to strike.

Another person who was similarly astounded and in disbelief was the chief examiner, Shangguan Wu.

Over several thousand years, innumerable envoy missions from new domains had come to participate in domain tests, but nothing as strange as this had ever happened before.

Even the Violet Gold Divine Guards, especially the leader, Huang Lin, revealed looks of incredulity as if they just saw a ghost.

Over the years, they had seen many envoy missions coming to take the Wall of Storm test, but had never seen marks that were successfully left on the wall disappearing on their own.

The atmosphere consisted of an unprecedented weirdness and repression.

Huang Tayun, who had appeared flurried all this time and had accompanied Shangguan Wu to examine the wall, suddenly blinked his eyes and slapped his forehead as if he just had a realization. "I know, I understand now... it must be so, it must be."

Shangguan Wu looked at him puzzledly, "Supervisor Huang, what've you understood?"

Everyone's eyes converged upon Huang Tayun.

Ye Qingyu instinctively sensed that the front court supervisor was going to say something unpleasant.

Indeed, the latter spieled assertively, "Lord Shangguan, I understand why this situation arose. The Wall of Storm was put in place by His Highness the Storm Martial Emperor, and thus it retains a little of His Highness' will. He was always open and honorable, and made strict demands of his sect disciples, especially regarding their moral conduct which he paid great attention to. If I'm not wrong, a residual strand of his consciousness within the wall is unhappy with this envoy mission's behavior, and thus he disapproves of this new domain. This must be the case!"

An electric beam zapped through Ye Qingyu's heart when he heard these words.

He already knew what Huang Tayun was going to do next.

To one side, Shangguan Wu looked slightly dazed as his gaze drifted, seemingly lost in thought.

Almost at the same time.

The guard leader, Huang Lin, who was keeping watch outside the test plaza, suddenly understood something as well. He swept a glance at Huang Tayun, and seeing the latter's encouraging eye signals, he immediately stepped forth and said, "Lord Shangguan, I have an important matter to report."

Shangguan Wu took a glance at Huang Lin, his eyes revealing a hint of abhorrence, "What's the matter? Come report again when we're done here."

A vexed look appeared on Huang Lin's face, "My Lord, the matter concerns the present situation."

"Hmm?" Shangguan Wu stared fiercely and forcefully at Huang Lin. It took dozens of breaths before his expression relaxed slightly, "Alright, speak up."

Huang Lin heaved a sigh of relief.

It felt as though he was being trialed by a fiendgod when Shuangguan Wu gazed fiercely at him, causing him to lose his breath. He steadied his mind and walked up resolvedly, then disclosed in a loud voice, "Examiner Lords, I was on my regular patrol in the city yesterday when I encountered a bunch of shameless thieves who openly stole things in the city. Their leader was none other than the Heaven Wasteland's Ye Qingyu..."

After hearing the story, Shangguan Wu gave a violent start and snapped, "Is that true? Huang Lin, every word you said is very important. Do you understand what you're saying?"

Biting his teeth, Huang Lin replied, "I certainly understand. Many people can attest to this matter. After stealing the most valuable treasure of [Refine Armor], Ye Qingyu and his sidekicks were arrested by me and sent to [Lightless Dungeon] to await trial. However, they then used some sorcery to escape from the underground prison. Believing the domain rating to be an important matter, I decided to let  them off for the time being, and planned to come down hard on their crime after the rating was over. But I never expected His Highness' will to be aware of their despicable character... This must be why they're unable to pass the test!"

A commotion broke out as soon as these words were spoken.

The entire test plaza was in shock.

"What? Theft?"

"Underground prison? Lord Ye and the others were arrested yesterday?"

"Bullshit!"

"What a pack of lies! How could someone of Lord Ye's status steal things?"

"Indeed, you must be slandering the War God!"

Within and without the plaza, every Heaven Wasteland envoy was infuriated. Their voices and looks became fierce as they rebuked the leader of the Violet Gold Divine Guards, Huang Lin, one after another.

It would not do for them to see the War God in their hearts be framed as a thief.

Seeing the uproar and chaos around him, Ye Qingyu neither sought to explain nor said a word.

Huang Tayun snorted and said, "A bunch of lower domain bumpkins.After coming to Sunrise City, they saw that the shops were selling things which would be considered the most precious treasures back in their domain, and inevitably had some greedy ideas. Hmph, this kind of thing has happened many times prior to his."

Shangguan Wu turned his eyes toward Ye Qingyu with a slight frown.

Sneering endlessly, Huang Tayun added, "Lord Shangguan, the matter is already obvious. Huang Lin has also said that both testimony and material evidence are available. Since these people have committed a crime, we cannot defy the will of His Highness the Storm Martial Emperor and allow the domain of this despicable gang to be independent. This test must be considered to have failed!"

The Heaven Wasteland experts gathered in the middle of the plaza shuddered when they heard this.

Huang Tayun clearly has sinister motives to keep making things difficult for the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. What are his motives?

In the twinkling of an eye, the contingent fell into an extremely tiring predicament.

Anger, worry, and doubt showed on everyone's frowning faces.

In front of the Wall of Storm.

Ye Qingyu knew he had to do a little something at this time.

The incense stick in the distance was fast burning out. No matter the case, if this situation dragged on until time ran out, they might eventually be able to explain their way out of the stealing accusation, but their rating journey would also come to an end.

After some thinking, Ye Qingyu peered at Shangguan Wu, who had remained silent.





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

