Chapter 953:


Chapter 969, There is no Liu Shaji on the world anymore

In a deep ditch that was filled with the stench of blood.

“Swordsman Liu Shaji, why don't I carry you?” Bai Yuanxing suggested when he saw that Liu Shaji was severely wounded.

He had come out of the [Sky Deceiving Jade Box].

Because Liu Shaji's injury was extremely serious, the force of darkness had invaded his body, and his yuan qi was disordered, he indeed needed a bit of support and Bai Yuanxing was the strongest among everyone in the [Sky Deceiving Jade Box]. Thus Bai Yuanxing volunteered to come out to help him.

“If you carry me, none of us can escape.” Liu Shaji forced himself up with the support of a black boulder and said with a smile, “I can't escape, the Greater One Sect had come prepared this time, there are inescapable nets everywhere. The task of bringing the children out of here can only be handed to you.”

“Me...” Bai Yuanxing was taken aback. He vaguely understood what Liu Shaji meant. “Swordsman Liu Shaji, no, you can't give up. I'll carry you. You will be able to get out of here. Didn't you say that Master is already nearby? As long as we’re lucky and find Master, we will be safe. Master is now well-respected, the Greater One Sect certainly would not dare to make him their enemy."

The Master that Bai Yuanxing mentioned was naturally Ye Qingyu.

The White Horse sword slave back then was now Ye Qingyu's great disciple.

Liu Shaji just gave a smile when he heard this.

He felt his legs grow weak, and slowly sat down leaning against a rock. Blood had already drenched the soil at his foot, and the condition of his injury was very severe. He had already lost control of his qi, and there was dark power flowing around his body, destroying his life force and inner yuan. At this moment his yuan qi and inner yuan were scurrying about uncontrollably. He knew that he could not withstand anymore. Moreover, he had traces of a dark force in his body and would absolutely not be able to escape. The Greater One Sect would be able to trace him down.

“If you carry me on your back, then nobody can escape... Haha, back then brother Ye Qingyu entrusted you to the Immortal God Emperor Sect, and then Patriarch NanGuyun entrusted you to me. If anything were to happen to any of you, I would have no face to see brother Ye again.” Liu Shaji's face was calm, with an unprecedented relief. “Four years ago, at the battle of the Storm Sword Meeting, brother Ye Qingyu's power was already astonishing. Throughout my whole life, I have been wandering around the world, only hoping to recover my sect, but unfortunately it is beyond my power. I have nothing left, except for brother Ye Qingyu, big brother Hu Bugui and Young Lord Nan Tieyi, who are as close as brothers to me. It's a pity I can't see them again...”

Bai Yuanxing wanted to say something, but was interrupted by Liu Shaji.

“Little Bai Yuanxing, listen to me.” Liu Shaji coughed out a mouthful of blood. “The Greater One Sect wants to kill me. They know that I took you guys out, and so as long as I die, they will give up the pursuit and you will have hope to escape.” As he was speaking, he spread his palm wide, presenting a palm-sized jade box to Bai Yuanxing. “This [Sky Deceiving Jade Box is where all the children are hid in. Take it and quickly leave. brother Ye Qingyu had taught you the [Heavenly Blind Road] that even Patriarch Nan Guyun was amazed with. It is a top escaping technique. Everyone's safety will be left to you.”

“Swordsman Liu Shaji, you...” Bai Yuanxing did not know what to say.

“Life and death, and success and failure are decided by the heavens. Four years ago, I killed the three headmasters of the Greater One Sect on the Storm Platform and had already avenge my sect.” At this moment of life and death, Liu Shaji was even calmer than before. He handed a jade scroll that was flashing a divine light to Bai Yuanxing. “This is all the sword techniques and inheritance of my White Lotus Sword Sect, including the [Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower]. Give it to your Master for me and ask him to find a suitable person to give it to, so that the hard work of my ancestors and elders of the White Lotus Sword Sect will not end like that.”

Bai Yuanxing saw that he had made up his mind and also knew that it was the only viable way.

“Go.” Liu Shaji pushed Bai Yuanxing away. “Quickly go, don't waste time.”

Bai Yuanxing stood up, putting away the jade scroll and the [Sky Deceiving Jade Box], and bowed respectfully to Liu Shaji, saying in a solemn tone, “Swordsman Liu Shaji, take care, I hope we... will see each other again.”

With that, he turned and left.

A smile appeared on Liu Shaji's face.

“Tell your Master that I, Liu Shaji, did not disgrace the brother name, and did not disgrace the honour of fighting together on the Storm Platform.”

With that, he leaned against the rock, gripped the sword with one hand and slowly stood up, stumbling in the opposite direction.

Bai Yuanxing hesitated for a moment then immediately like a shadow disappeared where he was.

Liu Shaji heaved a sigh of relief.

He walked leaning upon the sword like an old man, leaving bloody footprints behind him, as he walked along the chaotic, barren and bloody wilderness. The dark power in his body and the chaos demonic currents in the atmosphere were frantically destroying his body. The wounds all over his body were overflowing with black pus, but he seemed not to realise this, opened his mouth wide and began to sing loudly...

“The colour of the white Lotus is bright and clear, the silver sword tip never age, destroying devil and the evil. One sword strike beheads a group of demons...!”

The ancient White Lotus Sword song sounded again in the land of Clear River Domain, which had once been guarded and defended by the White Lotus Sword Sect.

After about a stick incense of time, a black rainbow pierced the sky.

It was obvious that the Greater One Spiritual Master had detected the dark power mark and came here following the trace.

Liu Shaji halted.

Holding the sword in one hand he was like an indomitable god of war.

“Old fellow, it's been hard on you.” He did not even glance at Greater One Spiritual Master. His eyes were fixed on the White Lotus Immortal Sword, his gaze as gentle as water, as though he was looking at his first love. The smile on his face was calm and relieved. “You have accompanied the White Lotus Sword Sect for thousands of years, and fought with me for four years. Today, this is our last battle!”

With that, he transformed into a stream of light, gather up his last strength to charge towards the Greater One Spiritual Master.

The White Lotus Immortal Sword was a valuable treasure, which Liu Shaji wanted to give to Bai Yuanxing, but he did not do so because if the White Lotus Immortal Sword was not at his side, given the Greater One Spiritual Master's mistrustful nature, he would know the truth and will continue to hunt for Bai Yuanxing.

Opposite.

“Hmph, fighting desperately like a cornered wild beast.” The Greater One Spiritual Master swung his sword casually.

Bang!

Liu Shaji was sent flying, exploding into flesh and blood in midair.

At the same time, a jade light shot out from the sleeve of his single-arm, but was struck by the Greater One Spiritual Master's sword intent. Following a loud boom, bizarre formations were shattered into jade fragments and blood. It was as though the body of hundreds of people was exploded at the same time and dissipated in the Void like smoke.

Ding!

The White Lotus Immortal Sword was propelled up by the force before it was inserted into the ground.

From then on there was no Liu Shaji on the world.

The Greater One Spiritual Master flashed over to the White Lotus Immortal Sword and putting his hand around the hilt of the sword he pulled it up, face lit up with a glimmer of joy.

“This sword is not an ordinary object... I let that bastard of the White Lotus Sword Sect die so easily. From now on, the White Lotus Sword Sect has died... that glow of light just now must be the [Sky Deceiving Jade Box]. That Liu Shaji must have known that the children will die miserably if they fall into my hands so he directly shattered the jade box and killed all the children... Nevermind, since they’re all dead, then I won’t have to waste energy to chase after them. I should go back to the ruins of the Immortal God Emperor Sect and wait for Ye Qingyu's arrival and kill him. Then all should be over. The Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor is about to descend, I will certainly be able to obtain an opportunity. At that time, who in Clear River Domain would dare to compete with me? Kekeke!”

In the midst of wild laughter, the Greater One Spiritual Master transformed into flowing light and left.

……

……

Swoosh!

A beam of sword light shot up the sky.

Ye Qingyu used the [Divine Emperor] sword intent right away.

“Hahaha, you want to stop me? Too naive, my [Taiyi Golden Pagoda of the Xuan Sky] is impenetrable, and can defend against tens of thousands of swords....” The owner of the mysterious brass formation pagoda burst into laughter upon seeing this. He arrogance did not avoid the sword intent, controlling the brass pagoda to withstand against the sword and to continue to suppress Hu Bugui to snatch the Emperor qi tile.

But after a clang, as the golden light radiated in all directions, everything was different from what he had thought.

Not only did the brass pagoda not withstand the strike, it was directly split into two like tofu, instantly losing all its divine brilliance. The numerous ancient formations were also instantaneously destroyed, power dissipating, and the two broken pagodas collapsed to the ground.

“What? It can't be...”

The owner of the brass pagoda went pale, aghast at the sight.

At the same time, there was another bright silver sword light streaking across.

The shocked head of the owner of the pagoda flew up into the sky, jets of blood gushing out from the broken neck like a spring.

Clatter.

The headless corpse had lost all of its divine power, plunged from mid-air, and shattered to pieces on the ground.

Ye Qingyu stood there indifferently.

He had unleashed two beams of sword light in the blink of an eye, and the whole process was as natural as flowing water. His remarkable sword mastery had astounded everybody.

For a moment, there was only the sound of people drawing their breath.

“Zhong Tianqiu is dead? Killed in two moves... this... he is a top expert of the middle stage of the Saint realm. That brass pagoda is also a well known treasure of the Saint realm, and is known to be invincible against everyone under the Great Saint realm, yet it was unable to withstand a single blow?”

“No, it's just that the opponent is too strong!”

“Those two beams of sword light were bizarre, contained righteousness and justice, and can sever anything. The pagoda was broken in one sword, and he was killed in one sword. In the blink of an eye, Zhong Tianqiu was defeated, his spirit was destroyed and his body shattered like an ordinary person... That sword is too terrifying!”

“Who is the young man in white? Why is he so powerful?”

It was at this moment that the experts around all realized that Ye Qingyu was not the soft persimmon that everybody had thought he was, at least he did not look as weak as he did on the surface. Even if they were after Hu Bugui's Emperor qi tile, still dared not to attack again. They were indeed astonished by Ye Qingyu's matchless [Divine Emperor] sword intent——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 954:


Chapter 970 – You Can’t Persuade Him


For some time, nobody else dared to challenge the trio.

Quite a while later, a scornful laughter was suddenly heard from the distant sky.

A young man with messy dull yellow hair emerged from the foggy clouds, with his feet stepping on chaotic clouds, his hands crossed, his fingers looking as thin as bird claws, and his face full of an unbridled arrogance. He lowered his head to look downward with a profound expression in his eyes, then said disdainfully, “Hoho, to think the Human Race little bug from the Taowu Mountain Ridge has learned to flaunt his prowess like that. Interesting!”

Countless pairs of eyes quickly turned toward this young man, but by the next instant, they all looked extremely fearful.

Ye Qingyu squinted his eyes slightly.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit.

Never thought he’d appear as well.

Back then, the Sinful Pit occupied one of the Doors of Darkness on the Taowu Mountain Ridge in the Black Demon Abyss, and he was one of the Heaven’s pridelings who successfully escaped alive. It’s believed that he obtained a supreme opportunity in the 18th district and has since been cultivating hard in the Sinful Pit, and thus has rarely shown himself recently. Who would’ve thought that he’d appear here at this time? But on second thought, a top-level force like the Sinful Pit certainly has vast sources of information and surely would’ve gotten wind of the matter in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, which has caused a stir far and wide. Looks like he already has some cultivation attainments, and now intends to snatch another opportunity from the Reincarnation Hall.

Ye Qingyu snorted.

He was not afraid of the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit when he was on Taowu Mountain Ridge, and was all the more not going to be afraid today.

However, after what the Young Lord said about him, many people now looked at Ye Qingyu with a strange expression in their eyes. After all, there were not many people who could make the Young Lord remember them, and even fewer people who could make him say something like this. Some people began to realize that they might have been mistaken.

“He’s Ye Qingyu.” Someone cried out in a low voice upon recognizing Ye Qingyu’s identity.

And he was not the only one who recognized the latter.

Everyone’s countenance changed at once.

The [Ice Sword Killing God] Ye Qingyu was certainly not unknown, and had become an eminent, supreme Heaven’s prideling during this period of time. At first, the crowd did not associate the powerful white-robed young man with the name [Ice Sword Killing God], but after hearing what a few people said, they took another look at him and could immediately confirm his identity without a doubt.

White clothes, black hair, as handsome as jade.

Together with the peerless sword light he displayed when killing the master of the little brass pagoda, all of these perfectly fit the description of the [Ice Sword Killing God]. Who else but that legendary Human Race rascal could possess such temperament and cultivation?

At once, the people who were already in fear and awe of Ye Qingyu drew even further away from him.

Furthermore, several people who had held their ground firmly no longer dared to look straight at Ye Qingyu, afraid of provoking this fiend.

After all, the words [Ice Sword Killing God] was no cuter in meaning than “the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit”. Both referred to fierce and wicked beings who were said to have killed many people. Each of them was no kind person and was instead an extremely terrifying lunatic whom nobody in their right mind would provoke.

For a time, the surrounding atmosphere was somewhat strange.

Just then, a bout of heavenly music drifted by and caught everyone’s attention.

A mix of divine chime and drum roll sounded throughout the world in a tone beautiful like no other. At first, it was extremely faint and seemed to spatter down from the palace in heaven, causing anyone who heard it to feel as though they had transformed into an Immortal and was treading on air. Later, as the music became increasingly clear and the heavens to the northwest tremored, auspicious purple clouds arrived tumblingly, while it could vaguely be seen that divine war chariots, horses, and divine knights holding Immortal flags and banners were coming soaring through the sky.

Everyone was stunned.

Who are these people?

Everyone hurriedly retreated.

Could they be from the ancient super forces which are said to be hiding in the dark?

Their momentum was certainly a little alarming, as though an Immortal king was touring the world.

In a twinkling, the purple clouds vaporized and suspended in the air above the ruins of the Immortal God Emperor Sect.

Among the tumbling clouds, a magnificent war chariot could be indistinctly seen in the middle of the cluster of divine beast mounts being urged to move by the divine knights riding them. Through the auspicious purple clouds, one could vaguely see a beautiful fairy reclining lazily in the war chariot.

“It’s the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy]!”

Someone could not help exclaiming upon realizing something.

The [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] was a supreme female talent who had emerged in recent times, and, together with the [White Jade Capital] successor, the Four Stars holy girl, and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, was called the Four Bright Pearls of the Vast Thousand Domains, or four of the most splendid and beautiful flowers. Among them, the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] was the most famous, though this was not because her inheritance was the most illustrious or her strength was the greatest, but because she was the most extravagant and indulgent, and paid great attention to her appearance and display of splendor. Wherever she passed by, there would be an extreme amount of hype generated such that everyone would know of her coming and cast glances at her.

“There has long been news that the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] is coming to the Clear River Domain, and indeed so.”

“I’ve heard that this woman’s looks are considered supremely peerless and that she’s called a goddess. Many people fell inextricably in love with her at first sight and became willing to do anything for her, even if it meant betraying their sects, abandoning their families, or even dumping their wives just to get a whiff of her aroma. Some rumors even allege that she is a reincarnation of a former goddess, I wonder if that’s true or not.”

“She’s indeed beautiful. Just a blurred view of her figure already causes my heart to palpitate and gives me an impulse to chase her forever.”

“Such supreme looks. If I could just get a whiff of her aroma, then...”

“Hmph, is a disaster-causing demon who knows no sense of honor also fit to be called a fairy?”

Discussions were rife throughout.

Many people were aroused. Just like in the legends, the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] possessed a strange power which could capture one’s soul, and even a look at her from afar gave one an impulse to rush over and kneel down beneath her long dress.

Fortunately, the people who could show up here today were all extremely strong and were able to restrain this impulse. But even so, most pairs of eyes were focused in the direction of the auspicious purple clouds.

The appearance of the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] was apparently even more sensational than that of the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit, and this was mainly because there were too many legends about her, such that a layer of intrigue shrouded over her. In particular, the rumors regarding her beauty possessed great sensational effect, and so, for a time, countless pairs of eyes gazed at the woman on the war chariot among the auspicious purple clouds. Unfortunately, the mist hid half of her face, but nevertheless, it could be seen from the outline of her figure that she indeed possessed a heart-stirring charm.

Ye Qingyu also took a swift look.

Two women were mentioned in Tang Chong’s letter. Aside from the [White Jade Capital] successor, the other one was none other than this [Fatally Beautiful Fairy].

Ye Qingyu did not expect that, such a short time later, he would actually see this person in the flesh right here and now.

However, he simply took a casual glimpse and did not gain much of an impression. Aside from the slight sense of wonder he felt initially, he felt an increasing repulsion toward her for some reason. He vaguely felt that her manners were exaggerated and came with a
nouveau riche
vibe which was extremely frivolous.

More strangely, he had a persistent feeling that he had seen her somewhere before.

Time went by.

More and more people turned up.

Apart from the figures of experts from various races remaining still in the Void all around, Ye Qingyu could also clearly detect the presence of wafts of fierce, terrifying aura, suggesting that there were many more experts who were hiding in the dark and bracing themselves.

“That ain’t right, why would so many people be here? After the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit, the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] has also appeared. They probably aren’t here to see the ruins of the Immortal God Emperor Sect. This can’t be a coincidence. And there are more and more people around, could it...” As he pondered, he suddenly realized something.

Just then, the million-year-old soul’s voice rang out, “I’ve gained a clear sense of things. The site where the Chaos Demon Emperor’s Reincarnation Hall will descend is right here, within these one hundred kilometers… More people will soon appear, and we cannot remain standing here in the central zone, which will become the center of a vortex. Young one, bring your friends to find a safe place first.”

Ye Qingyu shuddered inwardly.

Is it indeed so?

The Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor will actually descend on the site of the Immortal God Emperor Sect’s mountain gate?

Is it finally confirmed?

No wonder more and more people turned up, and even more old monsters are hiding in the dark. And perhaps even more terrifying experts whom I’m unable to detect have also arrived long ago.
While quietly awestruck, he had a bad premonition that the Greater One Sect had arduously wiped out the Immortal God Emperor Sect and laid this place flat not simply to contend for hegemony of the Clear River Domain, and instead had something to do with the descent of the Reincarnation Hall. However, he was unable to guess what the relation was for the moment.

After taking a look at Nan Tieyi, who remained in a stupor, he sighed inwardly.

He quietly whispered to Hu Bugui before retreating to the periphery of the ruins.

The million-year-old soul was right. Standing at the centermost of the ruins had made them excessively conspicuous, such that every force had seen them upon arrival. This was not a good thing especially at this time, when, being exposed, they could easily have been beaten to death.

Many people had their sights fixed on the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] and did not take much notice of Ye Qingyu’s movements. However, within the war chariot among the purple auspicious clouds, the supremely elegant figure’s beautiful eyes were constantly gazing at Ye Qingyu as she thought about something, with a faint smile and a rather complicated expression on her face. “Are you considering whether to take in that little fellow?” Beside the war chariot, a young man in divine armor noticed this scene and thus asked jealously.

The [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] gave a faint smile and did not reply.

“If you fancy him, I’m willing to help you capture him and make him serve you,” the young man said, gnashing his teeth.

“You can’t persuade him.” The [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] sighed with seemingly-infinite regret.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 955:


Chapter 971 – You Aren’t Fit to Have a Share


The divine-armored man laughed proudly, “Throughout the Human Race of the Vast Thousand Domains, there is no one among the younger generation whom I, Xia Yubing, am unable to persuade.”

Although there was a considerable arrogance in his words, no one who heard him would have thought that he was talking big even if they were extremely shocked. The [Carefree Marquis] Xia Yubing was also a name which awed the Vast Thousand Domains. As a personal disciple of the highest elder of the Carefree Sect, he was once a supreme talent equal in fame to the Third Prince of the Mizar Race and the Saint Child of the Divine Sky Sect. Rumor had it that even the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit was defeated by him before. To everyone’s surprise, he became a follower of the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy], and a rather devout one at that.

“You think I can’t persuade him?” Xia Yubing laughed grimly. “Who is he?”

“The [Ice Sword Killing God] Ye Qingyu, who’s also the third deputy of the Human Race and a Human descendant supported by [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].” The [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] smiled faintly. “Now, do you think you can persuade him?”

“It’s him?” Xia Yubing’s countenance changed.

The [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] smiled without saying a word.

After a brief shock, Xia Yubing rapidly displayed yet another face of arrogance. “So what if he’s the third deputy? I shall now go capture him and make him kneel in front of you and accept any demand of yours. Only this way will you understand my feelings for you.”

With that, he got ready to take action.

“Take it easy.” The [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] reached a hand out to hold him back. As her fair, sparkling, and tender hand fell on Xia Yubing’s wrist, it seemed to transmit a magical power which immediately caused the insufferably haughty [Carefree Marquis] to be rooted to the spot.

Giving off a musk and orchid aroma, this peerlessly beautiful woman smiled coquettishly with a slight displeasure, “Alright alright, brother Xia Yubing, I know your abilities are unparalleled such that no one from the younger generation among the Vast Thousand Domains can compete with you. Heehee, I was just joking earlier. How could I ever fancy that murderous fiend? You think too much, brother Xia Yubing. Heehee, with the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor about to descend, it’s best to avoid unnecessary trouble. It shall be up to you what kind of opportunity we’re able to obtain this time. After we’ve gotten our hands on an opportunity, you may then find an excuse to squash him like a bug if you still find him an eyesore.”

For a moment after hearing this, Xia Yubing felt as if the entire world was disappearing.

As he looked at the pretty little hand holding on to his wrist and felt its warm touch, he felt that his soul had left his body. He could not believe that he was making physical contact with the goddess of his dreams, and this feeling… He would have zero regrets even if he was to die in front of this girl immediately.

“Heehee, brother Xia Yubing, what’s the matter? You look dazed and all silly...” The [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] retracted her hand composedly and flipped her hair back before returning to her seat in the war chariot.

“Ugh… I’m fine.” Xia Yubing regained his senses with his heart still thumping wildly. “Don’t worry, with my [Carefree Cavalry] around, all opponents who want to contend with you for the emperor opportunity will be stamped out to ensure that you’re completely safe.”

Had anyone seen the [Carefree Marquis] acting like this, their eyes would probably pop out.

Was this still the [Carefree Marquis] Xia Yubing who traversed various large domains and was infamous for his cruelty and apathy?

“Thank you, brother Xia Yubing.” The [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] grinned. Every action she made was extremely fascinating, and this was why she had been able to manipulate the [Carefree Marquis]. Although she appeared sweet and gentle, the very depths of her eyes concealed a tinge of frostiness. Before she had finished speaking, she suddenly detected something which caused her countenance to change slightly. “Huh? She’s actually here as well?”

The same words popped up in many people’s minds at this time.

This was because, at some unknown time, a supremely beautiful woman, wearing a white palace long dress, had appeared in the heavens to the northeast. Like a spotless pile of white and silver snow, she stood alone on the spot, with her figure graceful to an extreme. Unfortunately, a silver veil colored her face such that her looks could not be seen clearly. Nevertheless, just based on her figure and temperament, it was easy to tell that she was a peerless beauty.

In the distance, Ye Qingyu, who was by now already hiding among the crowd in midair, also took notice of this incomparably beautiful girl at once. “Such temperament… can only mean that she’s the successor of the legendary [White Jade Capital]. It’s said that she holds the secret to longevity. Who would’ve thought that she would turn up in this land of trouble as well? Is she not afraid of being attacked?” Although he had never seen the [White Jade Capital] successor before, he immediately guessed that this peerless beauty wearing a white palace long dress must be her, for only a sect which held the secret to longevity could have groomed a woman of such fine temperament.

Her aura was completely different from that of the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy].

A moment later.

Ripples formed in the sky again.

A duo of opposite genders appeared. The male was peerlessly handsome and resembled a war god, while the female possessed an absolutely beautiful figure and an otherworldly temperament. Both of them were perfect to a fault and a complete match for each other, bringing to mind a love couple which was a match made in heaven. In little time, they became the center and focus of this part of the universe which stretched several hundred kilometers. Even the splendors of the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] and the [White Jade Capital] successor were taken away by them.

It was the Four Stars holy girl and the Third Prince of the Mizar Race.

As soon as they appeared, many people went up and respectfully greeted them.

The disparity became apparent. Although both the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] and the [White Jade Capital] successor were well-known throughout the Vast Thousand Domains, their rises were fairly recent and so the crowd merely revered or coveted them from afar, while no one went up to converse with them. Instead, the Four Stars Sect and the Mizar Race were premier, super large sects which each possessed a deep culture and widespread influence, and so the holy girl and the Third Prince became the center of the crowd as soon as they appeared.

Naturally, Ye Qingyu also took notice of them.

Earlier on in the 18th district  of the Black Demon Abyss, he had formed a mutual enmity with the Four Stars holy girl and fought with her again after getting out of there. He had all along suspected that the Four Stars Sect was being supported by the Black Moon Immortal Palace but had no evidence for this. Moreover, as he was troubled by other matters, he did not have the time to investigate this. A killing intent flashed across his heart involuntarily when he saw her again on this day.

However, he ultimately restrained his impulse to take immediate action.

The first reason was because he did not want Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi beside him to be implicated, while the second reason was because his intention was to help the million-year-old soul find something, and did not want there to be unnecessary trouble. It would not be too late to settle things slowly on another day.

He believed that although the holy girl did not look at him, she definitely had spotted him and was just pretending otherwise.

“This woman is very scheming and crafty. I must be careful after entering the Reincarnation Hall, and must make her taste the feeling of being plotted against if I ever get a chance. However, the Third Prince of the Mizar Race beside her has unfathomable cultivation and unparalleled battle strength, and won’t be so easy to handle.” He kept his cool and thought inwardly.

The next moment.

More and more figures appeared all across the sky.

Ye Qingyu saw many more famous personalities who awed the Vast Thousand Domains.

Among them was a handsome young man who caused a small stir upon appearing and was apparently not of humble origin. However, he kept looking toward Ye Qingyu with undisguised provocation and killing intent in his eyes. This was surprising to Ye Qingyu who did not recognize this person.

“Are you Ye Qingyu?” The young man stomped across the Void as he looked at Ye Qingyu.

Unsure of the reason for such hostility, Ye Qingyu frowned.

“This place is where the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor will descend. A person like you has no right to be here.” Snorting, the young man looked at Ye Qingyu as if looking at a dead person while speaking with extraordinary arrogance. “I’d never thought you’d dare to turn up. Looks like you’re braver than I thought… However, you aren’t fit to have a share of the divine treasures of the Demon Emperor. There’s still time for me to kill you before going after those treasures.”

“The last person to say something like that to me is already six feet underground.” Ye Qingyu retorted sarcastically.

Although he did not know how this young man’s hostility came about, he did not mind killing one or two more Heaven’s pridelings who did not know what was good for themselves.

The atmosphere became tense at once.

Countless pairs of eyes looked toward these two people.

The Four Stars holy girl more so wore a faint smile on her face without saying anything.

Just as a large fight was about to begin, a strange change occurred in the heavens.

The dense clouds within a circumference of several hundred kilometers abruptly rolled up and became increasingly vast and thick. Then, as though they were being attracted by some kind of mysterious force, they surged in waves toward Divine Emperor Peak, where they gathered and covered the sun and sky, forming a huge shadow over the mountain gate of the Immortal God Emperor Sect. The air pressure in the Void became higher and higher until the air seemed to stop circulating, creating an impression that a powerful force was compressing it into a half-transparent state that resembled melted crystals.

A compression force like this was already not what an ordinary Immortal Step realm expert could withstand.

“This is… the strange change which indicates that the Reincarnation Hall is about to appear.”

“It’s indeed going to be here!”

“Hahaha… it’s been a long time waiting!”

The experts all around burst into wild joy.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui stood shoulder to shoulder by the side and exchanged glances which contained some excitement. They watched as the air circulation in the Void became extremely difficult and the pressure grew increasingly heavy before a gigantic cloud vortex appeared in everyone’s sight.

Lead-colored clouds spun frenziedly within the turbulently distorting cloud vortex, while dense flames radiated explosively in all directions, instantly shattering the Void barriers. Countless streaks of electricity continually tore through the layers of cloud and struck the Void below, causing a series of booming noises which were powerful enough to shake the earth and sounded as though innumerable ancient giant beasts were struggling within the Void while roaring and galloping.

A pitch black and seemingly unfathomable black hole suddenly formed at the centermost of the vortex, giving the impression that the vortex had suddenly opened its giant black mouth to urgently devour this entire part of the universe.

Billows of thick and terrifying Black Demon qi spewed and surged out from the black hole.

It was as though an all destructive power had burst out and diffused from the cloud vortex.

This was a scene terrifying like no other.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 956:


Chapter 972 – Descent of the Demon Emperor’s Divine Palace


The countless experts who were present were each either a Heaven’s prideling from one of the myriad domains, a top level expert, or an old creature which had lived for thousands of years. The beings which hid in the dark and did not want to show themselves were also pinnacle beings among the myriad domains, whether in their innate strength or in their cultivation and mind, and had experienced countless strange universal phenomena. As such, they had long grown indifferent to strange situations. Nevertheless, at this moment, most of their expressions began to change into that of excitement, wild joy, shock, thrill, stupefaction, or forbearance. It was as if their hearts had involuntarily been tugged by that vast and powerful near-material force, and abruptly tightened and palpitated as a result.

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt a chill in his heart.

All he felt was that his body seemed to be tugged by that mysterious and terrifying attraction force in the black hole, as if his inner yuan qi and divine spirit were being taken away. Immediately sensing that things were not right, he began to work up the nameless breathing technique and operated his yuan qi so as to stabilize his own figure.

To one side, Hu Bugui, who was carrying Nan Tieyi, felt no disturbance as he had an emperor qi tile to protect him. In the heavens, the experts from all races each revealed a smile.

“The Reincarnation Hall is about to descend. Seems like the legend is true… An opportunity to become Emperor has reappeared in this world, and this probably means that an imperial age is about to come and create a new period of prosperity.” There was a tinge of delight in the Four Stars holy girl’s pretty eyes while her body gave off a silverish moonlight and her clothes fluttered, reminding one of Xuannü from the abode of Immortals.

To one side, the Third Prince of the Mizar Race, Yin Kaishan, was also looking excited, and his eyes were bursting with a brilliance as bright as the sun.

“Ah...”

A distressed cry was suddenly heard from among the crowd.

Seized with fear, experts from many parties looked over at where the voice was coming from, only to see a figure frenziedly struggling before his body suddenly exploded into blood mist and smoke.

It was a Demon Race expert of the half step Saint realm.



It seemed that his strength and cultivation were insufficient to withstand the terrifying power generated by the descent of the Reincarnation Hall, and his body thus exploded from the pressure felt. More strangely, the blood mist which erupted from his dead body was absorbed by a mysterious power and drifted toward the deep black hole in the sky, into which it then disappeared in a twinkling.

“What’s going on?”

Everyone was shocked.

The death of this half step Demon Saint was very odd.

But, the next moment…

“No!”

“Quickly retreat… Ugh!”

“What… power is this, I...”

Screams of agony were heard in succession from all over Divine Emperor Peak.

Like the half step Demon Saint, dozens of experts exploded with thumping noises like that of a hammer striking a watermelon before their yuan essence, blood qi, and corpses turned into a skyful of blood mist which was drawn by an invisible mysterious power toward the black hole and instantly entered within.

Subsequently, as wisps of blood mist which contained the yuan essence of Saint realm experts poured in, the black hole became increasingly big and frightening, as if it wanted to tear the heavens into fragments.

“Retreat quickly.”

Terribly startled, everyone hurriedly retreated.

Nobody could understand how exactly these experts died, because the dead victims ranged from not so strong pinnacle Immortal Step realm experts to veteran pinnacle Saints. It was a little frightening to see them burst without warning or resistance into blood mist, and so, for a time, everyone retreated one after another. Even the Heaven’s pridelings, including the Four Stars holy girl and the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy], no longer dared to go near the space around Divine Emperor Peak.

Ye Qingyu was also greatly alarmed to see that the experts around Divine Emperor Peak were exploding and perishing in endless succession.

What’s going on?

It felt as if an invisible grim reaper was taking names, and whosever’s name was taken would die. The blood, essence, and yuan qi of the dead would then turn into some kind of mysterious power and flow into the frightening black vortex. As time passed, the black hole doubled in size every time it contorted, and, in the blink of an eye, it had grown to one hundred meters in diameter, emitting an even more terrifying power from within.

Fortunately, this did not persist for too long.

Soon later, no more experts died.

As the black hole in the Void gradually diffused, another change occurred. A piercing beam of light suddenly shot out from the hole. It was a bright red brilliance that shone all over the land.

Dazzling like no other, it rendered the ordinary Saint realm experts unable to look straight.

For a time, the terrifying aura from within the black hole became ever more distinct.

“Why… why does this look like an eye...” Hu Bugui mumbled.

“I also feels like… it’s an eye beam which has shot through the black hole.” Ye Qingyu felt extremely weirded out.

The blood light that shot out from the black hole was a spitting image of an eye beam incessantly shooting out from a giant eyeball and overlooking the land. Moreover, at the instant when the blood light first shot out, Ye Qingyu felt an incomparably magnificent power flowing out from the other end of the black hole.

This vast, boundless power surged like a wave and incited a level of fear which way surpassed that of the appearing of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

Countless experts near to Divine Emperor Peak shuddered profusely.

In front of such power, even pinnacle Great Saints would be frightened and feel as tiny as a speck of dust, or as if they were insects facing a giant dragon.

“Could this be… an eye of the Chaos Demon Emperor?”

Ye Qingyu guessed that only a Martial Emperor would possess the power to suppress a Quasi-emperor’s might.

Meanwhile, some foreign experts not too far away cried out in alarm.

“There seems to be a figure in the black hole!”

“This is too scary...”

“What’s going on? This eye beam… the Chaos Demon Emperor isn’t dead, is his real body… about to appear?!”

“Impossible! He disappeared a million years ago!”

It was a nameless Great Saint expert who refuted.

Although this was what he said, the expression on his face began to reveal some hesitation.

This was because there was indeed a blurry figure in the black hole, gradually appearing and becoming clearer. It gave one the feeling that a supreme being was standing in a different world within the black hole while overlooking this stretch of the universe and its beings, and could arrive in this world by breaking through the black hole at any time.

On the west side of Divine Emperor Peak in the distance.

The [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] stood up and walked out from the war chariot. She was dressed in a red gauze long dress and had a head of black hair which smacked of a waterfall, while her entire body was shrouded by a rich black mist. She was gorgeous like no other and infinitely enchanting and seductive.

“Huh… This isn’t right, a burst of power has befallen and is changing the world… how is this possible? It… has even changed the universal power of laws. Is the power of the Chaos Demon Emperor really so frightening?”

She could not help marveling as a dash of light suddenly flashed across her beautiful eyes.

By this time, everyone present had sensed that the power of laws in this stretch of the universe had changed. It felt as if time was frantically reversing and everything was returning to the primeval age. The energy within the universe had become turbulent and frenzied, and even the demonic cruel qi had begun to change. A tempest surged wildly in the Void, creating widespread chaos. The entire world seemed to be returning to its earliest state.

Everyone was stupefied.

There was mass silence throughout the universe.

Just then…

“Start killing… hohohoho!”

An icy and merciless laughter was heard from within the black hole. It seemed to be brimming with derision and pity for all life, as if the supreme king of the netherworld was overlooking all creation and issuing an order with indubitably superlative dignity. Its aura fluctuation, which seemed as vast and boundless as the universe itself, shook the souls of every expert present, who appeared to be instantly petrified. They felt that they were facing a ghastly, world destroying fieldgod, and their minds trembled wildly for it.

Ye Qingyu’s heart was more so pounding in unprecedented horror and his mind was a complete blank. His bodily power seemed to become unrestrainable and his battle intent involuntarily soared to the limits.

As the voice dissipated, a new change took place.

A giant black dot emerged from the vortex black hole in the heavens.

It gradually descended and eventually turned into a palace complex which was black throughout. Like an ancient stone city of primeval ancestors, it was incomparably primitive and had a wildness and demonicness about it. It cast a shadow across the land as it fell with a booming noise onto Divine Emperor Peak, which was rocked so badly that it seemed like it could collapse at any time.

“It’s a palace...” Still tremoring inwardly, Ye Qingyu subconsciously commented on the scene in front of his eyes.

Could this be the legendary Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor?

It’s finally here?

Under the watch of countless pairs of eyes, the lofty, massive black palace complex, which resembled a spiraling divine dragon, landed steadily on Divine Emperor Peak.

Mysterious, forbidding, authoritative, terrifying!

There were no words which could fully describe the exterior appearance of this palace complex.

It seemed as if it had existed in a different world among the vast universe since the beginning of time, and only arrived here after having gone through tens of millions of years of chaos.

Standing in the Void, Ye Qingyu raised his head and looked up. He felt that these palaces had taken up his entire field of vision, and, in comparison, he was as tiny and insignificant as a speck of dust.

He had personally seen and comprehended the fieldgod handwriting of a Martial Emperor in the suspicious palaces of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, the giant chaotic cities and the [Infinite Arsenal]. Nevertheless, the palace complex in front of him still caused his heart to churn and shocked him immensely.

From afar, it could be seen that every palace was dozens of kilometers in height, and its model and lines extremely primitive and undetailed. The coarseness of the surface texture suggested that each palace had been weathered over the passing of time. Although these palaces could not be considered exquisite, they gave off a fiendgod aura which was deeply mysterious and full of vicissitudes. The rocks which they were made up of were jet black and somewhat similar to the material of the Storm Platform. They were not only glossy but also had a slight metallic texture, while releasing an evil blood demonic qi which was boundless and terrifying. As a whole, these palaces gave the impression that anyone who drew near would be minced into pieces by the all destructive murderous spirit within.

The appearance of the Reincarnation Hall shook the minds of countless experts.

However, everyone remained where they were, and nobody dared to be the first one to rush at it.

They were waiting and observing.

At this moment.

Ba boom!

A heaven shocking thunderclap cracked from the Reincarnation Hall.

Under the watch of countless pairs of eyes, the periphery of the giant palace complex suddenly burst out a huge and abstruse black brilliance.

A black stone gate which was nearly a kilometer tall gradually opened on its own in front of everyone.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

