Chapter 1329:


Chapter 1342, Unmatched prodigy

Ye Qingyu was equally shocked.

The death of the Sky Emperor happened right before his eyes. He saw it clearly and vividly, and it was definitely not a faked death. The consciousness and spirit of the Sky Emperor had completely dissipated between heaven and earth, and even the strength of his thousands of years of cultivation also faded between heaven and the earth. If it was a faked death, then this absolutely would not have happened.

But he was reborn again?

No.

Ye Qingyu did not feel the slightest aura of rebirth.

It should be said that, after witnessing the rebirth of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon and Yue Renfeng, Ye Qingyu had already gained some understanding of the power of rebirth. In this moment, within the Water Moon Domain, he couldn’t feel the slightest power of rebirth, law, dao, or aura, which suggests that it was not a rebirth of the Sky Emperor.

But what was going on?

It seemed that the Sky Emperor had unraveled the ancient scripture of the underworld, and then he returned to the body of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor? This should be to compete for the control of this body, and from the Ancient Ghostly Emperor’s expression, the situation seemed to be particularly unfavourable to him.

Ye Qingyu decided to wait and watch the situation.

“You schemed against me?” The Ancient Ghostly Emperor roared with fury.

He was schemed by a chess piece that he identified as one he could casually move back and forth. This feeling was like a high and mighty Emperor laughing disdainfully and mockingly at a beggar, but was caught by this beggar and slapped several times.

“The stupid always think they're in control.” The voice of the Sky Emperor was clear, but seemed to be coming from some strange state, “The wise calculates everything.”

The dark blue light that shrouded the body of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor was blazing like a raging flame.

Ye Qingyu had already set up the golden ancient character formation and had completely sealed the area within hundreds of thousands of kilometers. No matter who it is that finally seized control of that body, they would be unable to escape from this area.

Time flew by.

The dark blue fire was burning madly.

“No, impossible, how can you push the Ancient Underworld Scripture to this level...” The Ancient Ghostly Emperor roared and struggled. He issued a reluctant and desperate lament. He was clearly at a disadvantage, and gradually unable to withstand the corrosive power of the Sky Emperor.

“You tried to do things along rigid, conventional lines, you only have yourself to blame for teaching me the true meaning of the first eight sections of the real Ancient Underworld Scripture.” The voice of the Sky Emperor was arrogant and icy-cold, “You underestimated the martial arts genius of the world.”

“I'm not willing...” The Ancient Ghostly Emperor roared, making a final frantic struggle.

He felt the shadow of death approaching.

He was the King of the Fiendgod Sovereigns. He possessed the Immortal body. If it were any other time, he would not be killed as long as his origin life star domain was undestroyed. But in this moment, he had just absorbed the underworld power that the Sky Emperor had cultivated for the past tens of millions of years, which belongs to the underworld power of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. Although this power could make him instantly return to his peak state of the past, stop him from being suppressed by the origin source power of the Vast Thousand Star Domains and bring out his real power, it had also unknowingly weakened his origin source power and converted it to the power of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. This meant that his state of immortality was subsequently destroyed.

After the earth-shaking roar of anger, after losing his head out of fear and panic, the voice of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor finally disappeared completely in his body, and his spirit and will completely swallowed and dispelled.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor had perished.

This time, he did not fake death, but really disappeared from the world.

A gush of indescribable aura began to overflow out from his body towards the outside. It was not the power of martial arts, nor was it spiritual force.

“Quickly intercept it... that's the destiny qi of the Underworld.” The Sky Emperor shouted, his voice returned to usual.

His words were directed at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu jolted, vaguely sensed something, and immediately tried to activate the one hundred eight ancient character technique, only to find that it was unable to intercept this destiny qi. He did not hesitate to trigger the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Golden-yellow chaotic power right away enveloped the cauldron. The cauldron mouth was as black as a black hole of the universe, releasing an unparalleled force.

The mysterious and indescribable underworld power of destiny was indeed sucked into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Ye Qingyu did not expect the result to be so desirable.

He did not expect the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to be able to even absorb the terrifying power of destiny.

He thought to himself, while storing the power of destiny of the Underworld Star Domain into a space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], and then looked to the Sky Emperor, who had occupied the body of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor.

“We meet again.” The Sky Emperor was calm and indifferent, looking at Ye Qingyu, without the slightest intent to battle.

It felt like a greeting from an old friend.

Ye Qingyu also sensed that the aura of the Sky Emperor was still of nothingness, and there wasn’t the slightest life force following his possession of Ancient Ghostly Emperor’s body. Nor was there any evidence of his existence. This feeling was similar to when he saw a ray of soul projection of Ye Chongsheng in the maze back then.

He realized that what he was talking to was just a projection of the soul of the Sky Emperor.

“It seems that you’ve already noticed.” A teasing smile emerged on the blank face of Sky Emperor. “Did you feel shocked and afraid just now? Did you think that your fateful enemy has come back to life?”

Ye Qingyu nodded silently.

Although it was him who personally set up an ambush to kill the Sky Emperor, he also had to admit the fact that the Sky Emperor was no doubt a terrifying opponent. He absolutely did not want to cross paths with such a terrifying opponent again, and of course, did not want to see the resurrection of the Sky Emperor.

“Haha, don't worry, I'm already dead, it's hard for me to return.” The Sky Emperor laughed.

It was just that this laughter was mingled with a hint of indescribable sadness.

“Before the collapse of the Divine Light Court, I have already met the Ancient Ghostly Emperor,” Sky Emperor spoke again, a touch of helplessness flashing across his face.

This sentence was very sudden, but Ye Qingyu in that moment also understood the meaning of it.

The Sky Emperor back then, although considered as one of the strongest Divine Generals under the Divine Light Emperor, was still only a present age Martial Emperor. Having encountered the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, a King of Sovereigns, he absolutely did not have any strength to fight back, and he could only either be killed and swallowed or be controlled.

What Sky Emperor said was an explanation. An explanation to what he had done.

He was a puppet that was secretly controlled by the Ancient Ghostly Emperor.

He couldn't break free.

He couldn't fight back.

He couldn't disobey.

Ye Qingyu almost believed this explanation right away.

Because whether it was in the memory of Lan Tian, or in the subsequent duel against the Sky Emperor, he still did not find a real persuasive reason for the Sky Emperor to betray the Divine Light Emperor. The so-called reason ‘those who have different opinions or plans cannot work together’ and the Divine Light Emperor's obsessiveness seemed more like an excuse.

Moreover, Ye Qingyu also firmly believed that, given the pride of the Sky Emperor, he would never use his last ray of soul projection after death to say such a lie. There was no need to do so, and it was meaningless.

Adding to this, the Sky Emperor finally took revenge on the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, and killed this influential authority at the expense of death. This was also considered as the best explanation for his actions.

Ye Qingyu understood.

A thought suddenly flashed to his mind. Perhaps that back then in the Azure Cloud Platform in the Guardian Royal City, it wasn’t that the Sky Emperor did not realize it was a trap, but deliberately placed all his forces into this trap and destroyed everything with the help of Ye Qingyu's hand. This was to completely make the forces that he had created after scheming against the Ancient Ghostly Emperor to disappear like a puff of smoke. Then, with his death, he made the final choice, and completed the key step of his plan. Only then would the Ancient Ghostly Emperor appear so confidently. Thinking that he had control of everything, he blindly absorbed the underworld power of the world, and ultimately lost his body of immortality and died.

A game of chess of thousands of years old.

Everyone thinks they are a chess player.

Every chess piece wants to break away, wants to control their own destiny.

However, only the Sky Emperor set up a game with his life and finally broke the game of chess. A chess player like the Ancient Ghostly Emperor in the end reaped what he has sown.

Thinking of this, Ye Qingyu was more and more certain that his speculation was the truth.

He looked into the eyes of the Sky Emperor, with surprise and shock.

And the Sky Emperor just smiled, saying, “I have already repaid what I owed the world, and what I owe him, I have also made up for it... In this life, even though I have committed towering sins, my conscience is clear...” His eyes were firmly fixed on Ye Qingyu's face, and finally, with great regret, shook his head and said, “Unfortunately, you’re not him....you're not him yet.”

His voice died away.

The body of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor drifted away like ashes.

And the last ray of soul projection of the Sky Emperor also dissipated from this world.

Ye Qingyu reached out to retain something, but he also cannot reverse time.

The man, at last, had left.

Yes, he owed the world, because he led the dark era of formation martial arts for thousands of years and had slaughtered countless creatures. But in the end he killed the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, and made a King of Sovereigns perish here. He had repaid the world.

He owed the Divine Light Emperor and his former brothers, but he gave the destiny qi of the Underworld Star Domain to Ye Qingyu, which was considered as repayment.

At the last moment of his life, when he said ‘I have a clear conscience’, Ye Qingyu also had to agree with him.

Such a man, such a prodigy, under the teasing of fate, had completed the reversal. If it were any other person, they would have been turned to ruins in the Vast Thousand Star Domains already. They would have long become a puppet, a tool, of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor. Ye Qingyu also asked himself the same question. If it were him, he also most likely wouldn’t have done any better than the Sky Emperor.

How cruel was fate to him.

Ye Qingyu breathed a long sigh.

Eventually, he left the Water Moon Domain.

After this battle, the Water Moon Domain was transformed into a lifeless ruined star body, but for Ye Qingyu, who has mastered the profound meaning of rebirth, he could make the Water Moon Domain come back to life sooner or later, just like how he changed the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain.

For Ye Qingyu, the destiny of the Underworld Star Domain was a huge opportunity.

From this, he saw the brightest light of the reversal of this calamity.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1330:


Chapter 1343, The secret of integration

The death of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor signified the elimination of the last root of evil in Ye Qingyu's heart.

He was much more relieved.

And the concealed expression of Sky Emperor in the last moment of his life made Ye Qingyu guess some of the truth that was already unverifiable. Perhaps the proud and conceited Sky Emperor only bows to the Divine Light Emperor, but unfortunately Ye Qingyu was not the complete Divine Light Emperor, therefore he regretfully said ‘you're not him’.

Ye Qingyu could only lament about the past events, as there was already nothing that he can change.

Everything was already submerged in dust.

What is known to future generations will not be the truth.

Ye Qingyu would not deliberately promote and change the views of the world. Firstly, because this was not something that the Sky Emperor cared about. He lived as a great devil and thus will not be concerned about the future generations’s evaluation of him. Secondly, Ye Qingyu was too busy to involve himself with these meaningless matters.

One day later, he returned to the Ancient Sky Dragon Star.

It was an unexpected surprise and great harvest to obtain the destiny qi of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor came to the Vast Thousand Star Domains to hunt, to seize the destiny of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, but he did not expect to present the destiny of the Underworld Star Domain accumulated on him to Ye Qingyu. Thinking back to the Era of the Divine Light Court, where there were many Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns and King of Sovereigns that competed for the destiny of the Vast Thousand Star Domains at all costs, it was obvious what the destiny of a star domain meant for a sovereign level expert.

Ye Qingyu need to think about how to use the destiny of the Underworld Star Domain for his own use.

If Ye Qingyu were to possess the destiny of two star domains, then his cultivation base would undoubtedly ascend to another level. In the future, if the Abandoned Fiendgod, the King of Destruction or other Space-Time King of Sovereigns were to descend onto the Vast Thousand Star Domains, he will have a much better chance of winning.

Therefore Ye Qingyu first met up with the Empress of Heaven Wasteland Domain Yu Xiaoxing the moment he returned to the Ancient Sky Dragon Star. Having handed over and explained the repair and revival of the Water Moon Domain, he then met up with various great Emperor experts to discuss the follow-up military matters, and then immediately closed up to train.

He began to study the power of destiny of the Underworld Star Domain.

He summoned out the [Cloud Top Cauldron], and set up the strongest defensive formation in the Immortal Dojo. Ye Qingyu then directly entered into the world of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and came to the storage space where the destiny power of the Underworld Star Domain was stored.

This was a specially carved-out area that looks like the starry sky.

Stars were dotted across, flashing away.

Large areas of dark blue nebulae were floating in this space.

Ye Qingyu operated the [Eyes of the Void] to observe the dark blue nebulae.

Because that was precisely the underworld destiny.

For a long period of time, for living beings below the Emperor realm, destiny was something mysterious, similar to a kind of luck, elusive. It is said that the great Dao is intangible, but for martial artists, the great Dao and laws were in fact something that can be captured and understood. On the contrary, destiny was not something that can be obtained through cultivation, but seemed to be distributed by the heavens from birth. Living beings with strong destiny will soar to the sky, and encounter many fortuitous events, while those with poor destiny will suffer their whole life. Destiny was not something that affects only the intelligent beings, but also plants and dead objects.

The strength of one’s destiny seems to be irreversible and cannot be changed, decided only by the heavens.

More importantly, destiny was entirely intangible and even Emperor experts cannot refine or grasp it.

But for someone like Ye Qingyu, who dominates a star domain, destiny can be fathomed and grasped.

Just like the nebula-like blue light before him, which was the tangible image of the destiny of the underworld. The Ancient Ghostly Emperor had been cultivating for many unknown years in the Underworld Star Domain to finally gather the majority of the destiny of the entire domain onto his body. After his death, the destiny scattered and should have left the Vast Thousand Star Domains and returned to the underworld to find a new son of destiny to attach to, but unfortunately Ye Qingyu had a treasure like the [Cloud Top Cauldron] in his hands. Even the destiny qi was directly intercepted and imprisoned.

Ye Qingyu observed for three days and three nights, unable to capture the law of behaviour of the tangible image transformed by the underworld destiny.

The [Eyes of the Void] was a Fiendgod Emperor technique, able to survey and break all illusions, but Ye Qingyu was not able to make much progress in the observation of the power of destiny.

For three days and three nights, Ye Qingyu tried to absorb this power.

But he had no way to do so.

Even if the underworld qi were directly inhaled into his abdomen and swallowed, it would not have any other effect. It was like an illusory existence, and would only escape out Ye Qingyu's body again.

In the past, the nameless breathing technique also had no effect on the underworld destiny.

But Ye Qingyu was not discouraged.

Because as early as tens of millions of years ago, during the battle of the collapse of the Divine Light Court, the arrival of the Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns was to plunder the destiny qi of the Vast Thousand Domains. If the power of destiny really cannot be absorbed and integrated, then these influential figures who stand at the top of the universe would not have done everything possible to compete for the destiny of the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

The only explanation was that a certain opportunity or method was required to absorb the power of destiny.

Ye Qingyu did not completely waste his time on distant attempts.

He soon ended the training.

Then he went to the Water Moon Domain once again.

As one of the ancient and giant stars in the Vast Thousand Star Domains, first its life force was absorbed by the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, and then it was damaged in the battle between Ye Qingyu and the Ancient Ghostly Emperor. Its life had long faded and had been turned into a barren waste star. Under the direction of Yu Xiaoxing and the light brain [The Beginning], the empire made some restorations, but the biggest project, of course, was to rearrange the various formations on the dead star, to guide the energy of the star to reconstitute life, and to slowly restore its life force. In this artificial intervention and some subsequent established methods, according to the light brain [The Beginning’s] calculation, it would be approximately one hundred years later before the planet shows elements of life.

But Ye Qingyu couldn't wait too long.

The Water Moon Star was an incredibly important part of the star formations of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. If this were to continue, then the power of the Vast Thousand Star Domains formation will deteriorate, and because Ye Qingyu had become the master of the Vast Thousand Domains and the protective force of the universe, the deterioration of the star formation force was something that Ye Qingyu did not want to see.

Although it was inevitable that the protective power of the Vast Thousand Star Domains would no longer be able to suppress the footsteps of the Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns, Ye Qingyu still hoped to push the date back as far as possible.

The power of the star formation comes from the stars.

If every star in the Vast Thousand Star Domains was vibrant and full of life, then the star formation would become even more powerful.

This was one of the reasons why Ye Qingyu was so keen on repairing the Water Moon Domain.

At the same time, Ye Qingyu had now turned the Vast Thousand Star Domains into his life star domain. He knew this star domain like the back of his hand, and also knew that, in addition to the hundreds of domain stars known today, there were in fact many domain stars that were part of the Vast Thousand Star Domains not discovered by the world. Some were just born, some were in the barren era, and some, although they had civilization, had not yet reached the point where it could communicate with the mainstream star domains. The domain gate was not yet opened, just like Heaven Wasteland Domain back then.

All this shows that even if tens of millions of years have passed, the Vast Thousand Star Domains was still a young and vibrant star domain.

In the eyes of many other star domains, the Vast Thousand Star Domains was just a baby who had just stumbled into the dark universe forest, and was still very weak. Therefore, there would be so many Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns in the era of the Divine Light Court here to snatch the destiny of the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

Thousands of years have passed. The Vast Thousand Star Domains could be said to have passed the infant stage, and came to the juvenile stage.

According to the natural development and evolution of star domains, the domain stars who had yet given birth to the domain gate or been in contact with foreign star domains will most likely establish their domain gate in the next hundred million years, and then, at that time, the Vast Thousand Star Domains would truly enter the prime of its life.

But now, Ye Qingu decided to change the process.

First of all, he used the rebirth technique that has been verified in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain to arrange a formation in the Water Moon Domain. This was to directly reverse the speed of recovery of the Water Moon Domain, so that it would be restored more or less within five years.

Then, he described the location of the domain stars he saw and gave them to Yu Xiaoxing and [The Beginning], allowing them to try to directly open the new domain gate and to force contact with the unopened domain star bodies. He wanted to make a top-to-bottom change and to force civilizations in the barren domain star bodies.

“The means must be gentle and friendly. If there are predatory invasive developments, I will personally pursue further.”

Ye Qingyu in the end set the tone for the ‘Vast Thousand Star Domains development plan’.

Then, he went to the Dark Realm, and headed straight to the front line of the great wall, and inspected the army with the Emperor of Darkness Song Xiaojun.

After that, Ye Qingyu returned to the divine hall of the Ancient Sky Dragon Star to practice.

This time, he began to torture the Dakr Purple Sovereign, the Three-eyed White-boned Dictator and other remaining Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns.

Since these Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns descended onto the Vast Thousand Star Domains to devour the power of destiny of Vast Thousand Star Domains, Ye Qingyu was absolutely certain that they must know how to integrate with the power of destiny.

Finally, a month later, Ye Qingyu obtained the secret to integration with destiny through the torture of the Dark Purple Sovereign.

“One needs to descend onto that domain, and receive the recognition of the laws of heaven and earth of that domain to integrate with the destiny of that domain. Otherwise, it is impossible for people belonging to the other domains to force the integration.” These were the original words of the Dark Purple Sovereign.

The Dark Purple Sovereign was unaware that Ye Qingyu had already obtained the destiny of the Underworld Star Domain. He did not think that Ye Qingyu had the strength to integrate with the destiny of other star domains. The Vast Thousand Star Domains had just started to learn to walk, it was already extremely difficult for Ye Qingyu to be able to protect himself, let alone deal with other matters? Moreover, the secret of this integration was really not a secret unknown to the world.

After that, Ye Qingyu then questioned the Three-eyed White-boned Dictator and other Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns.

The answer he obtained was the same as that of the Dark Purple Sovereign.

“It seems that they did not lie.”

Ye Qingyu began to formulate a plan on how to travel to the Underworld Star Domain.

-----------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1331:


Chapter 1344, Become Emperor again

Ye Qingyu sat quietly in the [Cloud Top Cauldron], observing the tangible image formed from the underworld destiny for a full half a year.

Six months later, Ye Qingyu came out and arrived at the Ancient Fiendgod City of the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss alone.

Back then, it was here that he found the small-scale space-time transportation formations under the black tombstones, but because Ye Qingyu was already at the Emperor realm at that time, he was instinctively rejected by other star domains. Thus it was impossible for him to enter other space-time star domains via this small transportation formation method. Now, Ye Qingyu was here again to travel to the Underworld Star Domain through these small transportation formations.

Ye Qingyu clearly remembered that, back then the living beings that came out of these small scale transportation formations under the black tombstones were contaminated with the underworld aura of creatures of death, which are very similar to the creatures of death in the Water Moon Domain that were under the control of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor. Ye Qingyu speculated that it was very likely that among the small-scale space-time transportations beneath these black tombstones, there were some that lead to the Underworld Star Domain.

And it turns out that Ye Qingyu's guess is correct.

After trying for about half a day, from the thousands of black tombstones, Ye Qingyu identified one of them to be a transportation formation that leads to the Underworld, because the aura that exuded from it was exactly like the Ancient Ghostly Emperor. It was the power of the Underworld.

Ye Qingyu suppressed his cultivation base down to beneath the Emperor realm, and then forcefully destroyed the repelling force of this small-scale space-time formation to force his way through.

If it were in the past, it would have been incredibly difficult for Ye Qingyu to succeed, and he would most likely suffer from the counter force.

But he had co-existed with the destiny of the Underworld Star Domain in the [Cloud Top Cauldron] for half a year, and although he could not absorb this destiny power, his body was still more or less affected by the aura of the Underworld destiny. And it was this aura that played a vital role.

In the end, Ye Qingyu successfully entered the small-scale space-time transportation formation.

How far is the distance between star domains? It was incredibly difficult for even top experts of the King of Sovereigns realm to move unhindered across the universe and between star domains. Therefore, it was necessary to use space-time transportation doors to cross this distance. Back in the battle of the collapse of the Divine Light Court, the blood gate made by the Sky Emperor was also one of the space-time transportation formations. It was Ye Qingyu’s first time feeling the power of the space-time transportation formation, and feeling the taste of being transported through space and time.

But this process was not considered very long.

In about ten breaths, the transportation already ended.

Ye Qingyu felt as though he was buried in sand unable to walk and struggling like a snail. He was in a very uncomfortable state, and then everything in front of him gradually grew clearer.

The endless red gravel looked like a land of death, and the ground was gushing out fire and lava, forming a red river in the middle of the desert. Everywhere was barren land, and spirits were seen walking along the red desert of death. The power of these creatures was not particularly terrifying, and was exactly the same as the spirits that drilled out of the black tombstones back then.

Ye Qingyu came to a new world.

“Here, it should be the Underworld Star Domain.”

He had a clear understanding in his heart.

The strange world before him should be a domain star in the Underworld Star Domain, and the so-called Underworld Star Domain should be a huge star domain system similar to the Vast Thousand Star Domains, composed of many stars with strange laws, location and interactions. As to whether it is smaller or larger than the Vast Thousand Star, it was not known.

Ye Qingyu found that his power suffered a great repression on this strange star domain.

In order to pass through the small-scale space-time transportation formation, he previously had suppressed his Emperor realm strength, and now he was once again suppressed by the universe protective power of the Underworld Star Domain, causing his strength to plummet to almost below the Saint realm. Most importantly, the martial arts law and the elements of power in the Underworld Star Domain differed greatly from those of the Vast Thousand Domains. Ye Qingyu also instinctively felt discomfort right away.

And the surrounding spirits were very frantic and violent. After detecting the presence of Ye Qingyu, they immediately launched a crazy attack, like an earth-shattering tide.

Ye Qingyu didn't want to fight these low-level creatures.

He directly removed his cultivation seal, and the next second, his battle strength soared to above the Emperor realm, before he disappeared from where he was.

After that, he walked across the new world.

As he had guessed, it was indeed a domain star body, a small world in the Underworld Star Domain.

After that, he observed closer and came to discover that there were more powerful spirit creatures on the star domain, whose strength had already reached the Emperor realm. These more powerful creatures evidently possessed intelligence, and controlled a large number of low-level spirit creatures. The creatures were divided into different factions and branches, like the clans, families, martial arts sects and empires of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. The civilization was very different from the Vast Thousand Star Domains, but had its own characteristics.

And on this star domain, Ye Qingyu indeed found the domain gate.

Through the domain gate, he left the domain star body and entered the other star bodies in the Underworld Star Domain.

Approximately one year later, Ye Qingyu had already traveled across the thousands of star bodies in the Underworld Star Domain, gaining a rough understanding about the star domain. On this star domain, the living beings were all spirits. The low level spirits were similar to the intruders of the Vast Thousand Domains that entered through different gaps and channels, and only possessed killing instincts and desire. While the higher level spirits that possessed intelligence make up less than one tenth of the total spirit creatures in the Underworld Star Domain, which was not the same as it is in the Vast Thousand Domains.

Compared with the Vast Thousand Star Domains, the history of the Underworld Star Domain was much longer and deeper. If the Vast Thousand Star Domains was only a youngster, then the Underworld Star Domain should be a strong man, more mature and more perfect, but can also give birth to more powerful existences.

In the past year, while Ye Qingyu was wandering in this star domain, he vaguely sensed that there were extremely powerful spirit experts close to beyond the Emperor realm lurking about. The aura of these spirit experts also caused Ye Qingyu's heart to pound in fear. They were evidently incomparably ancient experts, but among them there wasn’t any Sovereign realm existences.

This was because the power of destiny in this star domain was occupied by the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, unable to return. And even if the Ancient Ghostly Emperor had disappeared for tens of millions of years, other spirit experts, who had reached the pinnacle of the Emperor realm, cannot turn the Underworld Star Domain into their life star domain because they did not receive the strengthening power of the underworld destiny, and as a result could not step beyond the Emperor realm.

Ye Qingyu had obtained quite a few spirit cultivation techniques from training in this star domain.

Eventually, he chose to begin his training in one of the ordinary-looking domain star bodies.

As the Dark Purple Sovereign and other Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns had said, to integrate with the underworld destiny, one must intersect with the Underworld Star Domain, become a part of this star domain. Ye Qingyu, under the premise that he needed to preserve his present cultivation base and realm, he took another approach to practice the underworld technique in this world and to master the power of the underworld. As long as the power of the underworld was brought to the Emperor realm and received the recognition of the Underworld Star Domain, he could integrate with the destiny power of the Underworld Star Domain.

Time flew by.

In a blink of an eye, four years had passed.

Ye Qingyu was only half a step away from the Emperor realm of the Underworld Dao.

In the Underworld Star Domain, the laws and tide of power were all martial arts factors, and although they were different from that of the Vast Thousand Domains, the Underworld Star Domain was after all in the same universe as the Vast Thousand Star Domains and both belong to the same martial arts civilization system. Therefore, although the appearance was different, they were essentially the same. And as a Sovereign level expert of the Vast Thousand Domains, it would not be too difficult for him to recultivate the power of the underworld.

In the sixth year, Ye Qingyu succeeded in his practice of the power of the underworld and became an Emperor of the Underworld Star Domain.

The moment the Emperor realm was reached, heaven and earth quaked, and spectacles appeared out of nowhere.

Ye Qingyu finally clearly felt the origin source of the laws of this world, felt the original power of the Underworld Star Domain.

All the spirit creatures on this domain star fell at the foot of Ye Qingyu.

In the spirit world, strength is respect.

“It's time to go back.”

The moment Ye Qingyu achieved Emperor status in the Underworld, he immediately felt that the several absolute top Emperor existences who were sleeping in the underworld slowly beginning to wake up. It was as though they sensed the birth of a new Emperor, but that aura was not friendly at all, which made Ye Qingyu realized that there may also be a terrifying way between the Spirit Emperors to grow their strength by devouring each other. A new Spirit Emperor, in the eyes of an experienced Spirit Emperor was most likely similar to a precious tonic.

Ye Qingyu chose to leave.

He had marked the position of the small-scale space-time transportation formation.

The space-time transportation formation was operated once again. Ye Qingyu disappeared from the Underworld Star Domain.

……

Vast Thousand Star Domains. The Ancient Fiendgod City of the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss.

Ye Qingyu's figure appeared.

His aura had already transformed into the power of this world, so there was no obstacle to his arrival.

A day later, he returned to the divine hall of the Ancient Sky Dragon Star.

After a series of questions, Ye Qingyu learnt that in the years since his departure, besides the fact that the number of Invaders west of the great wall in the Dark Realm had skyrocketed and that the situation had become unexpectedly serious, there wasn’t any special changes in other places. The restoration of the Water Moon Domain and the development of other star bodies were still being carried out in an orderly manner.

Everything was going according to plan.

The others did not know that Ye Qingyu had gone to the Underworld Star Domain for several years, and everyone thought he was cultivating in seclusion.

So, Ye Qingyu continued to cultivate in seclusion.

This time, he wanted to integrate with the destiny of the Underworld Star Domain, in order to completely refine the Underworld Star Domain into his life star domain.

With the power of destiny of two major star domains, he could finally take that step to go beyond the Sovereign realm, and become an existence of the King of Sovereign realm.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1332:


Chapter 1345, The rebirth of Liu Shaji

The process of integrating with the Underworld destiny was much simpler than Ye Qingyu had first imagined.

In the imprisoned space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], the Underworld destiny was still in a tangible image state, like flowing nebula.

Ye Qingyu directly transformed the aura within his body to activate the underworld technique. He was instantly enveloped in the blue flames of the underworld, tyrannical underworld Emperor aura surged out like a sea.

At the same time of activating the underworld technique, he guided the Underworld destiny into his body using the spiritual strength.

This time it was entirely different from Ye Qingyu's previous try. The tangible Underworld destiny entered into his body, and no longer dispersed and drifted away as it did before. Instead it slowly infiltrated into Ye Qingyu's underworld technique, which was equivalent to entering Ye Qingyu's body, and began to show signs of integration with Ye Qingyu.

Time flew by.

The tangible image-like Underworld destiny within the imprisonment space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was constantly drawn into Ye Qingyu's body along with his breathing.

While Ye Qingyu had already entered into a mysterious meditative state.

As an existence of the Sovereign realm, the last time Ye Qingyu integrated with the destiny of the Vast Thousand Star Domains was a long and slow process. Moreover, because he was originally a being of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, when he was born, the destiny of the world was already gathered on his body. This was considered as natural possession, while the absorption and the integration of the destiny of the Underworld Star Domain was a day-to-day plunder. Although both were considered the possession of destiny, there was still a huge difference between them.

Ye Qingyu dared not to slow down. He carefully tried to understand the integration and was prepared to stop immediately at the sight of anything wrong.

And as the Underworld destiny incessantly entered into his body, integrating with him, Ye Qingyu's mind, as though it was illuminated, gradually gained more and more information. There was a strong mysterious and intimate force from beyond the Vast Thousand Star Domains constantly beckoning to Ye Qingyu, like a prodigal son was longing to return home.

He knew that this was the beckoning of the Underworld Star Domain for the Underworld destiny.

This kind of summoning was a spiritual connection of the world. Even if isolated by the endless distance of space and time, even if there was a treasure like the [Cloud Top Cauldron], it could not stop this force.

What Ye Qingyu experienced, was in fact, the spectacle that the Ancient Ghostly Emperor had felt for the past thousands of years.

The Sky Emperor could not feel this because although he practiced the Ancient Underworld Scripture, his training was in the Vast Thousand Star Domains and he obtained the origin source power of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, which was not in the slightest contaminated with the power of the Underworld Star Domain.

As Ye Qiingyu integrated with the tangible destiny of the underworld, this feeling grew more and more intense.

Fortunately, there was no other discomfort and strangeness besides this, which made Ye Qingyu feel more at ease.

Time flew by.

In the blink of an eye one year of time had passed.

Ye Qingyu occasionally went out a few times to ask about the changes in the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm. It was only when he knew that everything was under control that he returned to the divine hall of the Ancient Sky Dragon Mountains to continue to absorb and fuse with the Underworld destiny.

In one year of time, Ye Qingyu was already half way through the integration with the Underworld destiny.

And as Ye Qingyu possessed more and more destiny, he felt that this intimate beckoning power had gradually transformed into a magical spiritual connection. It was no longer a forced summoning, but made Ye Qingyu able to feel the changes in the Underworld Star Domain even if he was far away in the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

This shows that he was gradually turning the Underworld Star Domain into his life star domain.

In fact, such means of obtaining destiny and transforming it for one’s own use was countless times more difficult than any cultivation shortcut, almost like a dove occupying a magpie's nest. This was also the reason why the Abandoned Fiendgod and the Ancient Ghostly Emperor would try to descend onto the Vast Thousand Domains at any cost. Ye Qingyu could clearly feel that his cultivation strength was crazily rising at a speed unimaginable to an outsider.

In the blink of an eye another ten years had passed.

Sitting cross-legged in the imprisonment space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], Ye Qingyu slowly opened his eyes and stood up.

From the tangible Underworld destiny that drifted out of the body of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, Ye Qingyu had already absorbed about nine-tenths, but it was no longer possible for him to absorb the remaining into his body no matter what method he used.

“I am not from the Underworld Star Domain, it is already a heaven-defying opportunity to be able to obtain the destiny of this star domain. It is not possible to fully absorb it...” Ye Qingyu knew well that this couldn’t be forced. There was a difference in domain origin between the Ancient Ghostly Emperor and him. This was innate and cannot be forced. Therefore, he was already at the limit of absorption and it was impossible to progress any further, unless he removed his life origin source of the Vast Thousand Domains and reincarnated to the Underworld Star Domain. But for Ye Qingyu, this was not necessary and the gains did not make up for the losses.

However, Ye Qingyu also did not intend to give up on the remaining one-tenth of Underworld destiny. He let it leave the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and returned to the Underworld Star Domain.

For experts above the Emperor realm, cultivation was no longer about the practice of spiritual qi and the great Dao, but the competition for destiny.

Although Ye Qingyu was unable to use the Underworld destiny, that did not mean others were unable to.

For Emperor experts, destiny represents opportunity, represents battle strength, and represents ascension.

At Ye Qingyu's side, as well as the Great Emperor Xiaofei and Empress Shiu Xiu, there were also other Emperor experts. As long as the operation and control was done well, these people could be sent to the Underworld Star Domain to absorb the Underworld destiny, which would allow their strength to rise even more. Otherwise, if he were to release the Underworld destiny back to the Underworld Star Domain and then the Emperor-level existences there were to obtain it, then a new tyrannical ruler would be born in the Underworld.

Having done all this, Ye Qingyu came out of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

“The goal has finally been achieved.”

Ye Qingyu stood in the divine hall, trying to transform the power of the Underworld as well as his power of origin source.

His aura was also constantly flickering and changing. One moment it was the aura of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, then the next moment it was the aura of the Underworld Star Domain. It was being switched freely, without the slightest conflict. The power of the Vast Thousand Star Domains had already reached the Sovereign realm, while the power of the Underworld Star Domain was at the pinnacle of the Emperor realm, one step away from the Sovereign realm.

But Ye Qingyu was not in a hurry.

It was incredibly difficult to achieve the Sovereign realm. It was unknown how much difficulty and danger he had to go through to be able to become a Sovereign of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. Moreover, he had only been practicing in the Underworld Star Domain for ten years. If it were someone else it would have been impossible for them to progress this far with such little time. Ye Qingyu predicted that when he fully integrates with the power of the Underworld Star Domain that he had absorbed, was when he could break through the Underworld Emperor realm and directly ascend to the Sovereign realm.

And then, combining the Sovereign qi of the Vast Thousand Star Domains and the Underworld Star Domain, he can enter the King of Sovereigns realm.

Ye Qingyu calculated that the whole process would take about one hundred years.

This was already the shortest time.

……

……

Two days later.

Ye Qingyu and the Ferryman of the Netherworld came to the land of extreme death.

Ye Qingyu, who had mastered the power of rebirth, decided to personally revive Liu Shaji.

This was because Liu Shaji still was not completely reborn during this long period of time, and Ye Qingyu couldn't wait any longer.

In the center of the island, before the well.

A small World Tree was flourishing, and at the treetop was a three- or four-meter high strange fruit, in a semi-ripe state, which exuded a strange aura that Ye Qingyu was very familiar with. If he had his eyes closed he really would have thought that standing at the top of the tree was Liu Shaji himself.

“In a hundred more years, maybe he could be reborn, but it's hard to say whether he would have the memories and emotions of the past,” the underworld ferryman said.

This time limit was not the same as he said before. It was clear that this process was not as he had expected at first, and did not go very smoothly. Although the Ferryman of the Netherworldn was already at the Emperor realm, he had not touched upon the field of rebirth power. The advice he gave Ye Qingyu before was born from the guidance of Old Fish and his own instincts, and he also wasn’t completely certain of it himself.

“A hundred years is too long.”

Ye Qingyu could tell that the Ferryman of the Netherworld did not have absolute certainty.

Ye Qingyu made up his mind and decided to intervene directly.

He triggered the life origin power of the Vast Thousand Star Domains and stimulated the small World Tree——To be precise, it should be Liu Shaji's tree of life. After a moment of understanding, he decided to directly promote the ripening of the fruit at the treetop, because in the fruit was Liu Shaji's body, and the [White Lotus Immortal Sword] that guarded Liu Shaji's soul was also in the fruit.

When the soul enters the body, the Immortal sword naturally fuse with the body, then the resurrection would be completed.

Having already had previous experience, Ye Qingyu started methodically.

He set up many formations on this little island.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld had to leave the island for a while.

On the little island of the land of extreme death was a terrifying power and aura surging like a tide. Even if the Ferryman of the Netherworld was a powerful Emperor expert, he still felt his heart pounding in fear. It should be said that Ye Qingyu's cultivation had already reached a level that present age Martial Emperors could not fathom, which was also why he had been actively assisting Ye Qingyu for hundreds of years. Instinct told him that, by following Ye Qingyu, he might have the hope of becoming a true being with blood, flesh and body, rather than just a scarecrow as he was now.

After the birth of consciousness, in his long life, he had always been a selfish, cold, and greedy man, hoping to obtain a lot of treasures and find the opportunity to create his own body and life. But unfortunately he was unable to do so and had to rely on outsiders.

Ten days of time was over.

The aura of chaos dissipated from the land of extreme death.

Two figures were treading across the water of the yellow spring.

One was Ye Qingyu.

The other... was Liu Shaji.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

