Chapter 65:


Chapter 65 – Being Beaten Again

“Return, if there is a suitable time later on, I will come see you again.” Ye Qingyu smiled, placing all the presents along with the interdimensional pouch into the embrace of the little loli.

“I will definitely wait for brother Qingyu, you must come.” The mood of the little loli abruptly turned for the better. Rubbing away the tears at the corner of her eyes, she left unwillingly and with reluctance.

Ye Qingyu lifted the black spear holster propped up against the pavilion, preparing to turn and leave.

“Wait a moment.” Jiang Xiaohan suddenly opened her mouth.

Ye Qingyu turned around, his gaze like that of a blade.

“The grand competition between White Deer and the Azure Phoenix three days later, do you dare to participate?” Jiang Xiaohan said, enunciating each word clearly. “Do you dare compete in a battlefield that belongs to true geniuses? Or will you forever remain in hiding in your hole?”

Ye Qingyu did not emit a single sound, continuing to depart.

A cold light flashed within the depths of Jiang Xiaohan’s eyes. She said, “Song Xiaojun has already entered into the list of competitors in this competition. Within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], swords and spears do not have eyes*. At that time, people will die.”

The footsteps of Ye Qingyu halted for a brief moment, then continued on.

Jiang Xiaohan noticed this, and did not say anything more.

A satisfied smirk, appeared on her face.

In her gorgeous and elegant face, when she smiled there should have been a radiance like that of a spring wind and summer’s sun. But for some reason, the female students beside her could feel a cold air seeping into their very bones at this time. Under her stunning beauty, it seemed that there was a terrifying malevolence hidden within.

“Let’s go,” Jiang Xiaohan said to Song Qingluo and the others.

She walked at the very front.

The opportunity had finally come.

“I wonder what will occur when a martial artist who has been slaughtered time and time again is forced to witness with their own eyes, the person they most care about, dying again and again in front of their eyes. And they themselves does not have any power whatsoever to stop this, will this martial artist’s determination and will completely collapse and end?” …… ……

[Boundary Canyon Battlefield].

A dimension constructed by a supreme being with runes and formations along with absolute inner yuan. A space flooded with death and slaughter. A battlefield to cultivate warriors and fighters.

Several thousands of years ago, with the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors age of the human race, the Formation Emperor Luoso along with several distinguished formation masters, constructed the first [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. The reason it was created was to prevent needless deaths but also at the same time, to imitate the most realistic and harsh killing battlefield against other races. To nurture and temper geniuses of the human race, only through doing this could the frail human race continue to survive in this cruel and harsh world…

And after this, undergoing countless improvements and developments, the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] began to become more and more commonplace in different territories of the human race. Different sects, families, academies, placed their talented members to grow and train within.

Nowadays, many inner conflicts between the human race such as disputes, competitions, and battles would be fought within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield].

The ten academies of the Snow Country would have a grand competition between themselves every year.

Such a competition would often be held in the jointly established [Boundary Canyon Battlefields]. The students that entered into this battlefield would face the most primitive and challenging struggles. This was the most realistic battleground but also the most brutal. In a rapidly changing situation, you must make the most correct decision to obtain the final victory.

This information, was read in a scroll within the library by Ye Qingyu. He was extremely piqued by this information, so he had seriously investigated on it.

On some level, the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] was an important landmark of the runes and formations of the human race. Many powerful experts of the land had undergone the baptism and tempering of the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], and walked out from this battleground to become what they would become.

Ye Qingyu had previously seen the scenes of provocation of the Azure Phoenix students and had also stepped in to discipline them. From the situation right now, it seems that the arrogance and superiority of these youths that came from far away had finally angered the entire White Deer Academy. A grand competition filled with the smell of gunpowder would finally begin.

“If I am able to obtain a place to enter the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], then this is naturally a good thing. From the rumours, the battlegrounds have a very different environment to the outside world, there are some spiritual herbs and precious medicine, and also some rare demonic beasts, with the possibility of obtaining valuable [endowment bones]…”

Ye Qingyu pondered in his heart.

But this grand competition was something that concerned the entire academy and not just the individual years. So the final right to decide the list of participants should be in the hands of the true higher ups of the academy, and this privilege was extremely valuable and not easy to obtain.

If it was before, Ye Qingyu’s battle strength was already number one in the entire first year. He could therefore possess a position within first year, but the problem was he was now currently a second year yet he had not proven himself within the sophomore class…

After mulling it over, Ye Qingyu finally decided to try and obtain a place.

He went to find the head teacher of the first years, Wang Yan.

When he knocked to enter, he discovered the number one goddess of the White Deer Academy, Bai Yuqing, was also within. The two people seemed to in the midst of discussion about something.

Ye Qingyu hesitated seeing Bai Yuqing, then told them the intentions of his coming clearly, from start to finish.

“This matter, I know.” Wang Yan nodded her head, not confirming or denying his request.

Ye Qingyu said his thanks, and turned to leave.

In this entire process, Bai Yuqing wore a white dress and sat silently like a blooming narcissus. She reclined in a huge bay by the window’s edge, quietly observing Ye Qingyu, until he had left.

After seeing Ye Qingyu off, Wang Yan turned her back and said with a smile, “So what about it, do you still maintain your evaluation that you made previously?”

Bai Yuqing stood up, her exquisite body having a curve that would make someone’s heart beat faster. She casually flicked her hair saying, “I would not have thought that he has already obtained and refined a Spirit weapon. Fine, if it is like this, then I feel he has the requirements to enter the list.”

Wang Yan began laughing loudly.

“Yuqing, do you know what attribute that I most admire in you?” the head teacher said with an obvious merriment.

The corner of Bai Yuqing’s lips elegantly quirked up. “Could it be because I am more beautiful than you?”

“Within the noble students in these years, you are the only genius who is able to resolutely hold onto your principles. Even though you are biased against the Ye Qingyu who came from a common background, you will not make a wrong judgement because of this bias.” The smile from Wang Yan’s face gradually disappeared, shaking her head and sighing. “In these years, noble students like you are becoming less and less.”

“This has nothing to do with being a noble student,” Bai Yuqing said in a confident tone. “This is the conviction and integrity of a martial artist.”

Wang Yan looked at this beautiful and proud girl, not saying anything more.

Honour was becoming less and less. The glory of the kingdom was growing thin. The honour of martial artists, who knew when, had gradually begun to disappear. In this cold and realistic world, this beautiful and prideful girl had chosen values that were ancient and classical. Was she fortunate or unfortunate? ……

As for Wang Yan’s answer, Ye Qingyu did not know whether she had accepted or rejected Ye Qingyu’s proposal.

As he pondered this carefully, he unwittingly arrived into the second year area.

The dormitory environment was evidently better when compared to first years. No longer were dormitories shared, but rather everyone had a single area by themselves, with a courtyard. The living facilities were also far more complete, since there was an extremely harsh end of the year assessment. By the end of the academic year, not every student was able to advance a year.

The failure rate was around half.

Therefore, when compared to the first year, the second year’s numbers was a lot lower. Everyone who was able to pass the end of year assessment were all little geniuses. The conditions of the dormitory being better was also something to be expected and within normal reasoning.

Ye Qingyu had jumped a year so the arranged dormitory was at the area further back.

Using the nameplate to open the door, he entered, but as he did so, he was taken aback.

After emitting a cold shudder, his first reaction was to run out from the door. His expression was slightly panicked, as if a rabbit seeing a cat in front of him.

But a humongous suction came, dragging Ye Qingyu through the air backwards.

“Save me! Murder!… Sexual harassment…” Demon King Ye screamed hoarsely through his throat, flustered and discomfited. His hands and legs flailed madly through the air, struggling madly but it was of no use.

“Sexual harassment is it?” a familiar and cold voice said.

Ka-dong.

The door was locked.

After, strange sounds appeared from within the room, as if someone was held down and wildly beaten. Between these sounds were curses and insults and then even more loud beatings. PingPingPing, came the sounds of the impact of the punches…

A while later.

The sounds of impact finally quietened down.

The door of the courtyard opened.

A tall skinny middle-aged teacher with his eyes squinted rubbed his hands and left the courtyard. On his face was a satisfied grin, shaking his sleeves and departing…

Inside the door.

Ye Qingyu was twitching on the floor, his entire body filled with lumps.

“His mother, that old bastard was really too cruel this time…” The corner of Ye Qingyu’s lips was in a straight line. Previously, within the [Grievance Hall], his injuries had all been external injuries but this time Ye Qingyu felt as if his organs and bones were about to be broken into pieces by that old bastard.

That old bastard was undoubtedly a teacher at the [Grievance Hall], why would he appear here?

In the first instant of seeing him, Ye Qingyu knew that he was finished and needed to endure a beating. When he wanted to flee, he was completely suppressed by the other party, being dragged back in an instant.

The strength of the old bastard, was unfathomably deep.

Also, even if he was beaten to death the next time, he could not call the old bastard skinny next time.

Ye Qingyu clearly remember, when he was being fiercely beaten and not being able to retaliate, his mouth had acted up again. He unintentionally insulted the old fool as a ‘skinny monkey’; the result was that this old guy was suddenly upset, as if he had gone crazy. He increased the severity, beating fiercely without pausing at all, until Ye Qingyu was crying for his father and shouting for his mother.

“Why does this old guy hate the term skinny monkey so much?”

Ye Qingyu activated his inner yuan, crawling from the ground and wondering in his heart.

His martial body was automatically triggered and inner yuan flowed throughout his body, treating his areas of injuries. The same as before, there were many strange and mysterious impurities, through this process of recovery, that were expelled out of his body.

This made Ye Qingyu himself slightly astonished.

After reaching the peak of the ordinary martial stage, he had thought his body had already been tempered and refined to the extremes, with no speck left untouched. But who would have thought that there would still be so many impurities. When that old thing had beat him, although he was cruel and harsh, but he seemed to use a special technique that caused the impurities in his body, to be forced out by the repeated impacts!

*Chinese idiom for mistakes can happen and people may be injured.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 66:


Chapter 66 – The Second Booklet

“This old guy, is he a pervert? Although he is doing me a favour, but who can withstand being tortured like this every day?”

After using his qi to heal his injuries, he silently cursed in his heart.

He returned to his own room, and was about to rest when he suddenly saw in the middle of the stone table, there was a blue little booklet. It should not be something that came along with the dormitory, this was…

“Could it be something that was left behind by that old guy?”

Ye Qingyu wondered what it was.

The little booklet did not have a label, and seemed to be a thin journal that was handwritten. The writing on it was slightly disarrayed, covered with tiny characters. Occasionally there would be some diagrams of the human body scrawled into a mess. Only through severe concentration could one make out what was written.

Ye Qingyu flicked through several pages, slowly realizing that it should be a cultivation recording regarding how to consolidate more [Yuan Qi Kindlings] for further Spirit springs.

Regarding the information and mantra, Ye Qingyu had actually researched a lot about this topic in the public libraries. He had already achieved a basic understanding into this subject so he had already decided to attempt to excavate the second Spirit spring within the next few days.

But the technique within this booklet was far more profound and complete than what he had gleamed from the libraries. Especially some eccentric teachings contained within, it seemed that it went against common sense and was something that Ye Qingyu had never considered before. But with his insight and perception, after scrutinizing it and visualizing it, he knew that these techniques were absolutely possible. Moreover, it would lead to a better result with less effort. It was a brilliant method.

“If I follow the method outlined in this book to train, the speed will increase considerably!”

Ye Qingyu read over this booklet several times in detail, confirming that the information contained within was valid. He decided to follow the method outlined by the booklet as the cultivation method he would use to excavate his second Spirit spring.

At this time, the sun was already gradually setting in the west.

Ye Qingyu went to the canteen for dinner and on the way there, he did not bump into any familiar faces. Everyone was second year students, and he completely did not recognize any of them and simply returned back to his living quarters, training in confinement.

Within the little courtyard.

“The first Spirit spring has already been excavated but the second Spirit spring is by far not enough. Within the Spirit spring stage, I must make preparations for future success. I must construct a stable foundation for my martial path while I am in this stage.”

Ye Qingyu had a determined will.

His inner yuan activated, the surrounding air currents changed and yuan qi of Heaven and Earth began converging onto his body.

Following the instructions in the booklet, he stimulated his inner yuan. Strands upon strands of yuan qi entered into his body, following the meridians into his four limbs and bones, and in the end, arrived into the dantian world.

The dantian world in the human body was endless and without boundary. This was the key attribute of the yuan qi martial path. Ye Qingyu could already observed within using inner vision, the dantian vision, so he chose to consolidate the second [Yuan Qi Kindling] a hundred thousand miles away from the first Spirit spring.

A large amount of yuan qi of Heaven and Earth was being gathered.

Time passed minute by minute.

Because he had already had previous experience, this time consolidating a [Yuan Qi Kindling] for Ye Qingyu could be said to drive a lightweight chariot on a familiar road.* Following the method in the booklet to consolidate yuan qi, his speed was even greater and the inner yuan being refined was even purer.

…… ……

The fact that Azure Phoenix Academy and White Deer Academy was going to open up the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] and would undergo a grand competition very quickly spread through the entire White Deer Academy.

For the entire White Deer Academy, this was undoubtedly a large affair.

In this time, the students of Azure Phoenix Academy were both arrogant and provocative. There had already been many students from various years that had been incited and were enraged. There were an unknown number of small scale private duels that had already occurred but the overall result was not positive. They were in an extremely poor state of affairs.

In reality, such a battle record was very normal.

Firstly, the rankings of Azure Phoenix Academy in the rankings of the ten academies was originally much higher than White Deer Academy. They were also situated in a much wealthier location, along with rich resources. They had a more advantageous area, so therefore talented people would be born in large numbers. The students that had come in this visit were all children that were chosen from tens of thousands of people. In comparison, the retaliation of the White Deer students was chaotic and disorganized. Even if they evidently knew they were not the opponents of the Azure Phoenix students, they would still go onto the arena and challenge. Loss was a natural consequence.

Such a result had a significant impact on the morale of the students of White Deer Academy.

And as the matter grew larger and larger, and this event spread throughout the other regions in Snow Country, this would undoubtedly create a negative influence. It would cause the already steadily deteriorating White Deer Academy to be placed into an even worse position, and only able to make progress with great difficulty.

Under such a scenario, an official competition using the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] was decided.

In these two days within White Deer Academy, there were unceasing discussions that were passed on from student to student.

The topic that caused the students to intensely speculate and debate was naturally the choice of competitors for this grand competition. Many White Deer Academy students hoped to wipe away their shame and disgrace with the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] by winning one round. Who had the qualification to represent the academy and enter the battle was a question that many people placed great importance on.

According to the rumours from both parties, there would be a total of five battles between the two academies within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. The specific rules were that the first four battles would be fought according to the years of the students and the last battle was that the two academies would choose the students which had the best performance and make them fight the last battle.

In a moment, there were violent winds and scudding clouds.

Every student of every year began guessing the strongest students in their year that would be chosen.

As it was said, battles using words was hard to determine but winners of fights are easily decided*. Who possessed real strength, this was basically evident through training, sparring and during cultivation. The five geniuses that would be chosen from each year were already short-listed.

Of course, everything would have an unusual occurrence.

What everyone was expectantly waiting for was this unusual occurrence.

As time passed, there were even people who created betting platforms. They gambled on which people of every year would be able to enter the battlefield, gambled on which year had a greater chance of victory, gambled on which student would have the best performance in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], gambled on whether White Deer Academy was able to win one round out of the five rounds, gambled…

Of course, there were very few people who placed their wager on the outcome of overall victory.

Even the most crazy, self-confident White Deer students, did not believe that White Deer Academy would be able to obtain the final victory in this grand competition. The difference between these two academies was too large, with the average level of strength differing greatly.

This grand competition also disturbed the various forces and organizations within Deer City.

On the surface, the White Deer Academy represented the glory of the entire Deer City and the entire Deer Mountain Range. No matter whether it was a commoner or a noble or a soldier in the city, they all hoped that White Deer Academy would not lose too badly.

Hidden currents moved.

Various forces began acting.

The Azure Phoenix students had been far too conceited. As the saying goes, the powerful dragon crossing the river must not oppress the local snake. In addition, the truly powerful dragon was the number one ranked academy in all the ten academies, Huining Academy, and not Azure Phoenix Academy.

So therefore, when facing a common enemy, the army within Deer City and the Deer Mountain Range all displayed a rare unity in opposition towards the same enemy. It was said that the army had already allocated several high class Spirit weapons and these weapons were in the midst of transport to be temporarily used by the White Deer Academy. The city leader office and the noble organization, were also willing to lend out their families’ Spirit weapon…

Everything was to be able to fiercely beat the people of Azure Phoenix.

Even if they were not able to obtain the overall victory, they needed to teach a memorable lesson to the people of Azure Phoenix Academy.

In such an atmosphere, White Deer Academy was unprecedentedly bustling. Too many students had placed their attention on the matters concerning the grand competition, and the lessons of the academy had ground to a stop. Even the teachers of the academy huddled in a group to discuss this competition, causing the students to become even more disinterested in training.

But Ye Qingyu remained alone within his living quarters all this while, training to his utmost efforts.

In reality, calling it solitary training would not be entirely correct.

Because every day, as the sun was about to set, the old guy would appear at this time.

This entire process did not allow for any explanations as to why Ye Qingyu was beaten. No matter whether Ye Qingyu was begging or whether he was cursing, the final result was that he would be convulsing on the floor, his entire body filled with swollen lumps.

Ye Qingyu still could not understand, how he had managed to irritate this old fellow. Previously, within the [Grievance Hall], this old guy had also appeared inexplicably. They did not know each other at all from before…

Thankfully, his rate of training did not slow.

The second day, Ye Qingyu had finally managed to consolidate a [Yuan Qi Kindling] and planted the second [Yuan Qi Kindling] within the dantian world.

For him, this was a major breakthrough.

That day in the evening, after the old guy had appeared and gave Ye Qingyu another thorough beating, the Ye Qingyu who had just returned to his room found another blue booklet…”

“Beginner’s [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] tactics analysis and exploration?”

Seeing the name of this booklet, Ye Qingyu’s eyes brightened.

The information that he obtained from the public libraries was not detailed or comprehensive enough at all. Especially information concerning the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. It was extremely sketchy and did not go into in depth details regarding this battlefield.

Ye Qingyu had also utilized the nameplate Wang Yan had given him to secretly enter the martial libraries of the third year and fourth year. He still could not find a satisfactory answer. Who would have thought that today, in such a small booklet, the information would fall down from the sky in from of him.

Only through reading a few pages, Ye Qingyu was sure that this booklet absolutely came from the same hands as the previous booklet regarding cultivating [Yuan Qi Kindlings]. No matter whether considering the writings or the diagrams, it was in disarray, covered with undecipherable handwriting that could barely be understood.

“Could it be something that old thing has left behind again?”

Ye Qingyu silently guessed.

But he had never seen that old guy entering his room.

He pondered this in his heart, but very quickly, Ye Qingyu became completely immersed within the contents of this booklet. The contents of the little booklet describe and explained the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] in such detail that apart from making Ye Qingyu gasp in shock, it also expanded his horizons.

He had never thought that this [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] would be so incredible. No wonder it was the cradle that had trained and nurtured the human race for thousands of years, developing warriors, armies and even War Gods.

Finishing the last page, Ye Qingyu could judge that just this act of creation by the Formation Emperor Luoso, was an integral part in allowing the human race to survive on in the war of the thousand races.

*do something routinely and with ease **文无第一武无第二

I had some trouble translating this, but after reading several pages of explanations, seems to have finally figured out the meaning behind it. If you have a better translation, please feel free to correct me.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 67:


Chapter 67 – Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors

In the blink of an eye, there was only one day till the grand competition.

The final list of White Deer Academy students that would participate in the battlefield was announced on the stone mirrors of each year. What was also announced was the list of Azure Phoenix students that would enter.

The two academies both chose from the entire four years of students. In total, twenty genius students would enter the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] and undergo the fierce battle within.

Ye Qingyu’s name appeared in the list of five of the first year of White Deer Academy section.

It seemed like head teacher Wang Yan had in the end, accepted Ye Qingyu’s request.

Even though Ye Qingyu had already entered second year already, this was only something that occurred during the last ten days. His strength had already received the widespread recognition of the public through the previous incidents so such a decision did not cause too big a debate.

Apart from Ye Qingyu, the people that were able to enter the first year list was Qin Wushuang, Song Qingluo, Song Xiaojun and Xia Houwu.

Of these four people, the selection of Xia Houwu caused some debate and discussion. After all, this noble student did not perform too well within the monthly examinations and had been completely dominated and suppressed by Ye Qingyu several times already, making his reputation fall to the very bottom.

But since this list had already been announced, it was obvious that the higher ups of the academy had already made their decision. Even if it was not justified, there was no way to change the list anymore.

What made many commoner students sigh in regret was the fact that if Yan Xingtian had not disappeared, then he absolutely had the right to enter the list of five. At that time, he could definitely make the commoner students proud, it was a pity…

Apart from this, the list for the second, third, and fourth year were also announced. The people selected were naturally the movers and shakers of their years, including people like Bai Yuqing, Jiang Xiaohan, Han Shanghu, Han Xiaofei…

Ye Qingyu stood under the stone mirror, carefully examining the list.

What made him slightly perplexed was that in the third year list, he was able to see a name called Blue Sky.

“Blue Sky? It seems that’s the name of the young teacher leading our group during the first wilderness training…” Within Ye Qingyu’s mind, a sudden image of the young person with blue hair, having an unreliable grin on his face and was instantly a little confused.

Wasn’t Blue Sky someone who was a teacher?

When did he suddenly became a third year student of White Deer Academy?

Could it be that the higher ups of White Deer Academy had cheated and mixed in some teachers with great strength into the student body, wanting to make a comeback and win a round at least? This did not seem too likely; Azure Phoenix students were not idiots, as long as they investigated, they would easily be able to make things clear. If the fact that White Deer Academy had cheated was spread out, this would become a bare and naked scandal.

This was really strange!

Ye Qingyu thought carefully, but temporarily could not think of an explanation.

But Blue Sky’s terrifying strength had left a deep impression on Ye Qingyu. If he was to go out and fight during the third year battle, then White Deer Academy must win?

In contrast to this, on the announced list of Azure Phoenix Academy, Ye Qingyu only recognize one person. It was the person that he had met in the public library, staring at each other. That person was deeply imprinted within Ye Qingyu’s memory. The young man called Xu Ge was very frightening.

And this Xu Ge was only a first year representative of the Azure Phoenix Academy.

Looking at the names that he did not recognize nor understood, Ye Qingyu had a premonition that this grand competition for White Deer Academy would be incomparably tough.

On the way back to his living quarters, Ye Qingyu was stopped by a young teacher, bringing him towards the group battle preparation area.

“There’s such a thing as a group preparation battle area?” Ye Qingyu was slightly shocked.

“Fighting within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] is not the same as fighting in a normal battle. There are some preparations that must be done, especially for first year students who have never entered into such a battlefield before and doesn’t understand the situation. In a while there will be teachers specializing in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] that will explain and teach the way of how to fight, the terrain within and so on…” the young teacher lead the way and patiently explained to Ye Qingyu.

In the time they were speaking, they had already passed through the second and third year areas and reached the center of the fourth year area. Walking through a long waterside pavilion, the young teacher’s footsteps finally stopped, facing a large building in the center of the lake.

“Enter, the teachers are waiting for you inside.”

The young teacher pointed to the entrance.

“You’re not going to enter?” ye Qingyu casually asked.

An envious and longing expression appeared on the face of the young teacher. “Right now, I don’t have the requirements to enter [Ascending Heaven Pavilion].”

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

He lifted his head to look. Sure enough, above the large building at the center of the lake, a blue board with golden characters was suspended imposingly. The three words, [Ascending Heaven Pavilion], was as if written from the hands of a devil or a god. There was a loftiness that seemed as if it looked down upon the world, making a person vaguely feel that as long as they entered this building, they could ascend into the blue skies.

“Thank you.”

Ye Qingyu said a word of thanks, then entered into the building.

In the instant he stepped past the entrance, the vision in front of him changed greatly. The lighting suddenly grew dim and what was in front of him, was floating stone statues of deities and underneath him was the floating stone tiles. From far away, there were the twinkling of the stars, as if he had appeared in the space of the universe…

An illusion?

Or was it a small world created by formations?

Ye Qingyu continued to walk forward step by step and very quickly, he could see a massive rock plaza. As he followed the stone tiles and came to the plaza, he saw underneath a massive stone statue where there were tens of people. In the crowd were Song Xiaojun, Song Qingluo and the others, and also around ten old elders with snowy white hair and beards.

“You are the last one. Good, everyone has arrived now,” the voice of Wang Yan sounded out, the figure of the head teacher of the first years walking out, indicating that Ye Qingyu should stand with the crowd.

This should be the true higher ups of the academy and the elite that was about to participate in the grand competition?

Ye Qingyu estimated in his heart. Standing next to a Song Xiaojun that was stealthily waving at him, he did not say anything.

On the other side, was the number one genius of the first years, Qin Wushuang. Compared to his previous atmosphere of not showing joy nor anger on his face, after losing to Ye Qingyu, this noble young master had suddenly become a sword that was sharpened, emitting an overbearing and oppressive aura.

Ye Qingyu’s gaze casually considered the people around him, then his eyes landed on the huge statue.

It was a hundred meter high sculpture of the Formation Emperor Luoso. Vivid and life-like, it towered majestically over the plaza, as if it was a mountain, giving people a stunned sensation as if bearing witness to a deity.

By the side, one of the higher ups had already begun lecturing in something. The majority of the students listened seriously. Clearly, such an opportunity, even for fourth years students, were hard to obtain so even they were enthusiastic.

Within the crowd, only two people were distracted.

The blue-haired Blue Sky, lazily reclined against the stone steps often yawning. He seemed to have no interest whatsoever in the words of the higher up lecturer, not disguising his boredom and inattention at all.

The elders of White Deer Academy seemed to have already gotten used to such a sight. They did not even give a glance to this fellow who did not abide by the rules.

The other person who was distracted was Ye Qingyu.

His attention was placed on the sculpture of the Formation Emperor Luoso.

Looking at the statue, Ye Qingyu remembered the legends of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors.

It was a history that told the story of the suffering of their race, but it was also a story of an inspiring and tragic hero and how he became this hero.

Legend had it that the human race came from a placed called the Blue Water Domain— it was an extremely unnoticeable domain within the ten thousand domains. A very long time after the Blue Water Domain was born, it was completely separated from the other domains. They had no natural enemies and was on the top of the food chain, flourishing for a long time.

Afterwards, people unintentionally managed to break through the edges of the Blue Water Domain and leave this domain. They found out that outside, there were even vaster and more mysterious domains, and came into contact with the Fiendgod race.

In this contact, the human race came with friendly intentions, but what received them was an apocalyptic extinction and the fate of being enslaved. As the Blue Water Domain started to grow and open its fangs, it entered into the world of the thousand domains that was ruled by the law of the jungle. The human race that ruled over all in the Blue Water Domain suddenly faced a unprecedented disaster that could drive their entire race into extinction.

The Blue Water Domain became a purgatory hell that alien races held gluttonous feasts in.

And in the next few thousand years, the human race within the Blue Water Domain became one of the intelligent races that were sold as slaves. During this time, keeping human slaves became a type of fashion within the strong and noble races of other great domains. The human race was displaced from their homeland, their fate held in the hands of others. Suffering unimaginable torture and humiliation…

The human race was nearly driven to extinction.

This type of situation only changed for the better along with the rise of a genius of the human race called Luoso.

Formation Emperor Luoso.

This human genius that seemed to have been born from thin air, using incomparable talent and determination, combined the learnings of the human civilization along with the martial path of the different races. He created the formation civilization – a civilization that could truly threaten the many different races.

Luoso’s path of formation stunned everyone, even at the very beginning. Through his power alone, he slaughtered the invaders of the many different races in the Blue Water Domain, regaining the Blue Water Domain and shocking the other races.

Afterwards, experts of the human race began to rise. Within the human slaves that had drifted to the other domains, there were many people with extreme talent. After thousands upon thousands of years of pain and suffering, it seemed that even fate could bear this no longer. Within a hundred years, the human race flourished and gushed geniuses, with several Supreme existences being born…

A variety of cultivation and battle techniques gradually began to be created.

Through the harsh suffering, the human race had finally found a cultivation path suitable for their bodies. Battle was a hotbed that nourished the martial path. The average battle power of the human race increased explosively.

And it was rumoured in the age of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, these Eight Supreme Existences that held up the Heavens, were born in this situation and became leaders of the human race. They battled with the alien races for over hundreds of years, and finally in this cruel and cold domain, won the right to survive and reproduce. They managed to lay claim to their own space, no longer being sold as slaves…

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 68:


Chapter 68 – The First Round

Formation Emperor Luoso, was one of the Three Sovereigns.

After tens of thousands of years of suffering, the human race had already established a position within many of the different domains. Their living conditions were improved by countless times with the freedom of their entire race. The legends regarding the Three Sovereigns and the Five Emperors motivated generations and generations of human warriors to defend the rights of their race.

The Heaven Wasteland Domain that Snow Country was situated in belonged to one of the many civilizations that followed in the path of the formation civilization. Therefore, the worship of their martial ancestor, Formation Emperor Luoso, and being able to see the sculpture of the Formation Emperor in the heart of the White Deer Academy, was extremely normal.

But this was the first time that Ye Qingyu had witnessed a sculpture that was so massive.

Under the gaze of the Formation Emperor, Ye Qingyu felt that he was as minuscule as an ant.

And evidently in this gargantuan statue, there was a difference from the normal sculptures outside. A visible pale yellow aura lingered around its entire body, as if there was a mysterious energy that Ye Qingyu had no way of sensing.

After staring at this sculpture for so long, a strange thing began to happen—–

Ye Qingyu’s vision suddenly became blurred. There was a hard to suppress dizziness, and the facial features of the sculpture began to move like ripples, the eyes as if they were blinking.

It was as if in the next instant, the sculpture would be able to come life.

And at the same time, a sacred and solemn feeling emitted from the statue of the Formation Emperor. It spread throughout the entire space, causing the people who could sense this to feel the need to bow down and surrender in awe.

“Within this sculpture, there are some obscure meanings…”

Ye Qingyu was secretly dazed.

He did not know whether others had a similar sensation.

As he turned his head to observe the other people, he discovered that they were still in the midst of seriously listening to the lecture of the higher ups of the academy without any abnormal signs. It seemed that this sculpture of the Formation Emperor did not affect them in the slightest.

And at this time, Ye Qingyu abruptly felt a gaze that had always focused on his figure, filled with an invasiveness, brazenly evaluating him up and down.

He turned his head around and saw Blue Sky staring directly at him.

Seeing that Ye Qingyu had discover him, Blue Sky did not turn his gaze away. Instead, he laughingly perked up his eyebrows, greeting him in his own special way.

Ye Qingyu hesitated, then returned with a smile.

He remembered that Wen Wan had once said, when Liu Yuanchang of the government office had suspected him of killing Liu Lei and was about to capture him, it was this Blue Sky who had unreasonably beaten him, forcefully protecting Ye Qingyu.

Even though he did not understand why Blue Sky would help him, but Ye Qingyu appreciated and was grateful towards this uninhibited and rebellious young man.

“Fine, the things that need to be said has been said,” the final summary of the old Dean was said, his voice becoming much louder. “I believe that everyone has already chosen a Spirit weapon that you are satisfied with. Even though this is a temporary loan, but for you there are definite benefits. As long as you assimilate it with care, even though you have only used it for several days, it will be a great aid in helping to raise your strength…”

“I’ve long prepared!”

“This time I will definitely give the people of Azure Phoenix a lesson!”

“Haha, with the [Raging Flame Roulette], I can directly face martial artists with ten Spirit springs. Hmph, I will definitely give a fierce lesson to that Azure Phoenix student Lin Baiyi!”

“The [Ice Cold Heart sword] has given me a very large inspiration, I have broken through again in these two days!”

The students in high morale all displayed their emotions, showing an absolute confidence.

Ye Qingyu could sense the inexplicable confidence of these people, as if they had found the winning tactic that they could use to gain victory against the Azure Phoenix students. He realized, that the various rumours were real. The White Deer Academy had really ‘borrowed’ many Spirit weapons, and distributed it within the hands of the geniuses entering the grand competition…

But the problem was, as one of the participants, why did he not receive any Spirit weapons?

As Ye Qingyu was wondering, a thought appeared in his heart. His eyes were able to catch Qin Wushuang’s gaze filled with contempt and disdain.

“There are several students who did not manage to obtain a Spirit weapon. This is as when the army lent several Spirit weapons to us, on the way of transport, a small problem appeared. The academy has already sent four elders to go collect it, before tomorrow’s battle, it should be able to reach your hands…”

The head teacher of the first year, as if she suddenly realizing something, looked at Ye Qingyu and the others.

Ye Qingyu’s gaze was able to notice, when hearing such an explanation, there were several people who emitted out a breath of relief. They displayed an expression of unloading a heavy weight from their shoulders. They should be the people who did not manage to receive a Spirit weapon.

Only Blue Sky was lazily leaning to one side, letting out a short laugh.

“From now on till the start of the grand competition, all the competitors will stay here. There are specialist teachers and elders here that can solve your problems, whether it be regarding cultivation or the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], you can ask anytime…” the old Dean said with a wide smile.

A cheer was let out from the students instantly.

To be able to reach the personal teachings of people like these elders was a chance that was hard to come by. Especially the elders that had appeared, were experts that were famous within Deer City. Normally, they rarely appeared within the academy, how could the students not be excited?

Ye Qingyu’s heart was moved.

He also had some small problems regarding cultivation that needed some guidance.

But he did not think, that the situation was completely different from his imagination.

After consecutively asking two or three old teachers, either their response was bland or their answers was pretty much the same as those from books, without any new insights. He attempted to tell them of the things that he had gleamed from the two booklets, to confirm that it was real, but the result obtained was a scolding…

“You have already gone against the established rules!” an old elder said with an angry glare.

“But…” Ye Qingyu still wanted to say something.

“This child cannot be taught.” This old elder closed his eyes and waved his hands, the very picture of someone who would not speak anymore.

Ye Qingyu could only give up.

…… ……

At the same time.

In the guest area of White Deer Academy.

The Azure Phoenix Academy’s living quarters.

“The people of White Deer are really laughable. They’ve really gone and borrowed Spirit weapons. Haha, have they become crazy from wanting to win so much?”

“What’s the use of having a Spirit weapon? Can they be compared to the Azure Phoenix even then? Haha, I’ve already completely assimilated my Spirit weapon a year ago, the people of White Deer Academy are really too poor…”

“We cannot underestimate them too much. It is said that in these past years, White Deer Academy has recruited several geniuses that we need to pay attention to, such as that Bai Yuqing. Her strength cannot be ignored. We cannot have blind confidence, to prevent capsizing in the shallows!”

“Oh, that’s right, that Blue Sky…”

“We are better off not provoking that fellow. He is a person that can make the number one genius of the ten academies Dan Chenzi have a headache… However, with his power alone, he cannot change the final outcome!”

“I really don’t understand why that monster Blue Sky would enter the White Deer Academy?”

“Eh, Junior brother Xu, why are you not speaking? Are you thinking of something?”

“Yes, I’ve thought of a person that perhaps can be a slight hindrance to us.” Xu Ge snapped out of his daze, retelling the story of his meeting with a White Deer Academy student in the public library. “That person is strong, I can sense it. He seems to be called Ye Qingyu…”

“Ye Qingyu? Haha, interesting. In the previous days some people of White Deer Academy secretly contacted me. They ask me to pay special attention to several people, with one called Ye Qingyu who is on this list…”

“The people of White Deer Academy has contacted Senior Brother Yin?”

“Yes, they are really a bunch of schemers and plotters. A grand competition that involves the honour and glory of their entire academy, and these so called geniuses, rather than uniting, instead conspires against each other… Haha, really a pitiful group of people!”

“If this really continues on, sooner or later White Deer Academy will be finished!”

“That’s right, Senior Brother Gong, why can’t we see Elder Chen and the others in these days?”

“Elder Chen has an important matter to take care of, there is no need to worry. Just prepare well for the grand competition. I hope for no careless mistakes to be made, otherwise when Elder Chen’s rage is upon us, no one can escape the blame.”

“We will follow your orders, Senior Brother Gong!” …… ……

The morning sun rose.

In the center of the practice grounds of every year group, it was packed with a sea of people. Especially in the area in front of the stone mirror, it was completely full and brimming with students. Countless gazes focused upon the stone mirrors.

“Has the grand competition started?”

“Soon, soon!”

“Who’s fighting in the first round?”

“I’ve heard that it follows the yearly classification, the first round should be between the fourth years of the two academies!”

“Can we possibly win?”

“I don’t know, Senior Sister Bai, Senior Brother Han, their strength is unfathomable, they have a chance of winning…”

The crowd gathered together, discussing and chattering.

On the stone mirror, although they could not witness with their own eyes the happenings within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], but the mirror would continuously announce in real time the accomplishments of both parties, the contrast of power between both sides, individual accomplishments, battle losses, kill scores, death scores and more…

Through these statistics, one could judge the situation within the battlefield and determine which side held an advantage and which side was about to face defeat!

Suddenly—

A loud sound of a bell resounded throughout the entire campus.

The emotions of everyone became excited and heated.

“It has finally started!”

“The first round will start!”

“Both parties need to enter the battlefield?”

“The names are displayed… The blue names are White Deer Academy, the red names are the Azure Phoenix students… Quickly, look, the names of Senior Sister Bai Yuqing, Senior Brother Han Xiaofei, Senior Brother Han Shuangfu, Senior Sister Jiang Xiaohan, and Senior Brother Li Mingxin’s names are indicated…”

“This is too exciting, the battle is about to begin…!”

“It seems that at the moment, both parties have not acted against each other yet …”

“I’ve heard that within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], everyone’s strength will be suppressed to the same level by the law of this realm?”

“I don’t know, I’ve never entered!”

“Eh? What’s happened? Senior Brother Li Mingxin’s name has suddenly lighted up…”

“Not good, he is under ambush!!”

“His name is erased…”

“Senior Brother Li Mingxin has died!”

“So quick!”

“This is too fast, could it be that Azure Phoenix Academy is really that amazing? You have to realize that Senior Brother Li Mingxin has a title called [Palm Sword Absolute], in the previous internal grand competitions, he has rarely met an opponent…”

“Eh… what? Quickly look, the name of Li Mingxin’s name has brightened up again, could it be…”

“I’ve heard that within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], everyone has three chances to resurrect. If you are killed in a row three times, then you will directly be transferred away from the battlefield, departing from this battle.…”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

