Chapter 517:


Chapter 537, The thunder roars loudly, but little rain falls

Silence.

A deathly silence.

Cold.

An icy coldness.

Under the warm sun, in the fairyland-like Enlightenment Tea Garden, the atmosphere suddenly seemed to have solidified, becoming unprecedentedly strange.

Everyone’s faces was full of complex expressions.

The people who were around to watch, the successor of the Nangong family and the flame-mark young man, as well as many young elites of large forces and major sects. All their faces were crossed with a look of disbelief, some people even subconsciously cleaned their ears with their finger, thinking that they had misheard.

The eldest senior sister of the Hundred Spirits Sect was she was struck by lightning, standing there, staring dumbfounded.

The several female disciples behind her also had their mouths wide open, gasping in surprise, revealing a cute and endearingly silly expression.

It was only the stunning female disciple called Liu Ruxin, whose eyes were sparkling with a gleam of light, who was staring straight at Ye Qingyu.

The expression on Xiao Yunlong’s face seemed to have solidified.

Elder Xie was more inexplicably shocked.

Previously, in the face of this superior elder, everyone were guessing how this low-level youngster would respond. Someone guessed that he would weep bitterly and apologize, someone guessed that he would continue pretending to be fierce while cowering inside, someone guessed that he would try to explain himself, and someone guessed that he would clench his teeth and not say a single word...

But absolutely no one guessed that this youngster would, with such a calm and smiling expression, say such shocking words.

Great Thief Hu Bugui was suddenly laughing out wildly.

Liu Shaji also applauded, “Wonderful, wonderful, haha, forgive me for being honest, hahaha, a good forgive me for being honest!”

Old Fishalso burst out laughing.

He really was more and more fond of this punk.

It really was not a waste for this boy to have the Dao scripture that the Thunder and Lightning Emperor left behind.

The shrill laughter and ear-piercing applause finally awakened everyone that were in a long state of silence and shock.

Under the furious gaze of the Greater One Sect disciples, Elder Xie did not bother saying another word and directly stretched out his hand. A tyrannical force of yuan qi rushed forth, and a red fire-like giant yuan qi palm, shrouded in a dense formation light beam, bright and dazzling, was directly pressing down above Ye Qingyu’s head.

He planned to crush this youngster into ashes.

Ye Qingyu smiled, raising his hand into the air.

Whoosh!

The sound of a lightning arc.

A very fine, thin, purple light arc of the length of a finger, like a sprite who was not familiar with the world, leaped up briskly, flying out of his fingertips, and stabbed the giant palm of yuan qi.

It was like a matchstick stabbing into a huge door that was collapsing.

Under the watchful gazes, the yuan qi hand was pierced directly.

That moment, the purple lightning arc erupted suddenly, turning from one to thousands. In the midst of the popping and crackling sounds, the red yuan qi palm, like a piece of thin ice dropped into lava, sizzled and turned into nothingness.

Ye Qingyu smiled and waved his hand under a countless number of shocked gazes.

The purple lightning arc transformed back into one, and like an obedient purple elf, returned to his palm, fusing into his fingertips.

“It seems that I was wrong, Greater One Sect not only have trash disciples,” Ye Qingyu gently moved about his fingers and brazenly smiled, “There are trash elders too. Do you really think I’m a fool, would I stand up to let you kill me?”

This Elder Xie was probably at the pinnacle of Heaven Ascension stage.

With Ye Qingyu’s current cultivation, coupled with the power of the chaotic thunder liquid within his body, he was not afraid of him.

More importantly, he had many backup plans.

If this so-called Elder Xie really wanted to do whatever it takes to kill him, then Ye Qingyu also wouldn’t mind giving Greater One Sect a little trouble.

The result had evidently shaken everything to the core.

Especially the fact that the frightening power that was contained within the red yuan qi palm was unexpectedly disintegrated by this thick browed and big eyed youngster in such an effortless manner. This fact alone had made them all fearful. Elder Xie’s strength was not the strongest, but when they put themselves in Ye Qingyu’s shoes, they most likely would not have been able to disintegrated that palm strike so easily. They now had a whole new level of respect for Ye Qingyu.

A lot of people immediately realized that Ye Qingyu was definitely not as bad as Xiao Yunlong said.

Would a nameless trash fish be able to dissipate such a violent attack while laughing?

Especially the purple lightning arc, which had only just swept past, but the people that were present today were experts among experts that possessed extraordinary eyesight. They could instantly sense the terrifying power contained within the little purple lightning arc. It was not an ordinary lightning power, there was a destructive force.

And the fact that Ye Qingyu was talking and laughing as though nothing had happened. It made the people who originally only had the mentality of coming to watch an exciting scene suddenly realized that this little conflict may not have been so simple as it looked on the surface.

And Elder Xie who was in a furious rage, after witnessing the purple lightning arc, his complexion instantly changed repeatedly.

If the other people had begun to fell fearful from just seeing the purple lightning arc, then him, who had personally experienced the power of the purple lightning arc, the panic inside would be much more clear.

Yes, it was panic.

When the purple lightning arc disintegrated his red flame palm print, he distinctly felt a terrifying power close to the world, like the power of a deity.

Also in that moment, Elder Xie immediately realized that the youngster before him was not ordinary at all.

At least he should not have stepped out and so actively provoked such an existence.

Turning his head around to look at the dumbstruck Xiao Yunlong, Elder Xie wished he could slap this trash to death.

He more or less recognized the majority of elite disciples of Greater One Peak. Xiao Yunlong’s performance was very good when he just entered the sect and as a result was promoted very fast. And coupled with his background, he was quickly promoted to an elite disciple. But what he did not expect was that, once this elite disciple got into Floating Peak, he not only worsened and created a lot of trouble, this time he also dug a huge hole for him.

Muttering to himself, Elder Xie was racking his brains on how to resolve the present embarrassing situation.

Just then, the chubby Elder Chen, who had not spoken at all, suddenly opened his narrowed eyes, like nothing had happened. He laughed and said, “Young people have a fiery temper, dare to say anything, really brave, it makes us group of old men envy, but it’s almost time, Spiritual Master is arriving soon, everybody disperse, everybody disperse, hahaha...”

Then he pulled the sour-faced Elder Xie, who did not know how to end the situation away, and did not glance back once.

Such a change made almost all the people that gathered around to watch drop their eyeballs.

What was this?

The thunder roars loudly but little rain falls?

The overbearing Elder Xie was pulled away like that?

Ye Qingyu was also a bit surprised.

But he immediately shook his head and smiled. Without saying anything, he turned around and picked the dog up by the scruff of his neck. It was only then that silly dog Little Nine released his bite on Hu Bugui’s heel, but still fixed the Great Thief with an unfriendly stare and said threateningly, “Woof, thief, be careful of what you say, do not anger us dogs...”

Hu Bugui looked at the two teeth marks on his heels, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.

He had lived for so long and had moved unhindered throughout Clear River Domain, when had he not radiated an awe-inspiring presence. But today he was bitten by a dog to the point of almost bleeding. If this matter spreads out, his reputation would definitely be tarnished.

At this time, the majority of the crowd had dispersed.

Although many people looked at Ye Qingyu with a gaze full of curiosity, but there was only a few people that really came up to talk to him.

After all, this was Greater One Sect, and Ye Qingyu had just insulted the core elite disciples and powerful elders of Greater One Sect.

Even the eldest senior sister of Hundred Spirits Sect also only nodded and smiled at Ye Qingyu from afar, expressing her gratitude. Then with an apologetic look on her face, she turned around and hurried away from this place where one is apt to get into trouble. This was a sorrow of small sects, there were many things that they needed to consider and cannot do as they pleased.

Ye Qingyu also understood, watching the young beautiful girls turning away, he also did not take it to heart.

He did not know when but Xiao Yunlong and the other Greater One Sect disciples had left with their tails between their legs.

But Ye Qingyu knew well that these guys would certainly be secretly keeping a close watch over him.

With the passage of time, the figures in Enlightened Tea Garden gradually became more and more, of which the majority was young people of different places and sects, touring the garden and admiring flowers, or exchanging cultivation experience, or talk about travel experience, but it was also enjoyably harmonious.

“I think Brother Tian Huang you should be careful, Greater One Sect is overbearing in the way it handles matters, they will not let you off so easily,” Liu Shaji said gloatingly.

Ye Qingyu at this moment had been completely relaxed. He shrugged his shoulder indifferently as he said, “I hope they don’t fret over trifles and leave me alone.”

Hu Bugui very seriously looked at Ye Qingyu, breathing a long emotional sigh, “Really, youngster, your arrogant and self-confident appearance are just like myself back then.”

Old Fish also very agreeably nodded then finally said, “Yes, to tell the truth, disciple, a million years ago I have seen many annoying arrogant geniuses like you. That style left a deep impression on everyone. After years, now their graves are most likely covered with grass... No, I don’t think I can find their graves anywhere.”

Ye Qingyu, “...”

Why do these guys all seem so untrustworthy?

Only the calm and collected Nan Tieyi did not say a word, but from time to time glanced at Ye Qingyu, and within the depths of his peaceful eyes, there occasionally flashed a puzzled look. No one knew what he was thinking, and in the next period of time he appeared preoccupied with thoughts.

After 10 minutes.

The Enlightenment Tea Party had finally officially started.

Greater One Sect’s Spiritual Master, the Patriarch, appeared in the tea garden.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 518:


Chapter 538, I’m in a bad mood don’t mess with me

As the host, as well as Clear River Domain’s most influential martial arts authority, the Greater One Sect’s spiritual master’s importance was not light at all.

His appearance had brought the crowd in Enlightened Tea Garden to a peak of excitement.

Unfortunately, Ye Qingyu and the other people did not join in. They instead were waiting for flowers to bloom under an ancient Great Dao tree, and by the time they wandered over to the main area and found about this matter, the Greater One Sect’s spiritual master had already left in a hurry.

After all, this tea party had mainly just invited the younger generation of major sects and forces. For the Greater One Sect’s spiritual master to appear already showed that he cared a lot about this tea party. It was impossible for him to stay for too long.

Then the following entire afternoon belonged to the young people in the tea garden.

According to Greater One Sect’s previous words, each extraordinary talented youngster that was invited and attended the tea garden can receive a [Great Dao Sentient Flower].

At midday, Ye Qingyu and the other four people also received their own [Great Dao Sentient Flower].

But not one of the five people was satisfied.

“Damn, isn’t this just like getting rid of beggars?” Hu Bugui fumed.

Because the divine flower that was given to him had only two petals. The stamen was missing and the Dao essence was damaged. It was obviously just a withered flower with no value at all.

And the [Great Dao Sentient Flower] that Ye Qingyu, Liu Shaji and Old Fish received was also similar, a defective product among defective products.

Only Nan Tieyi, the successor of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, because of his title of young emperor, barely received a complete divine flower. But it was incredibly small, and the Dao essence was also equally damaged.

This was clearly not a coincidence.

Someone was trying to embarrass them.

“Woof, are you still not satisfied? I didn’t even get a piece of petal, okay?” Silly dog Little Nine was furious. After the enlargement of his body, his previous silly cuteness was gone and instead gained a fierce appearance. He said gritting his teeth, “I, Woof, is going to make Greater One Sect realize their mistakes. I’m going to steal all their things and dig up their ancestral graves.”

Old Fish staggered, grumbling, “I call myself I, the king, you little guy call yourself I, woof, what do you mean by that?”

The angry silly dog Little Nine looked up at Old Fish, “What?”

Old Fish was about to say something, until he saw the two sets of teeth marks on the heel of Hu Bugui. He suddenly swallowed his saliva and his facial expression changed, saying with a smile, “Alright, alright, I think it’s fine. A similar name can show our deep friendship.”

Ye Qingyu simply could not help admiring Old Fish’s integrity.

On the other side, Hu Bugui’s eyes were twinkling, “Little Nine, what you just said is a very good idea. Why don't we make this big? Let’s find a chance and empty out Greater One Sect's armoury, hahaha.”

These days, Hu Bugui had experienced some of Little Nine’s ability, just like he had met someone that understood him. If it was not for the fact that Ye Qingyu was his friend, he would have kidnapped the dog already.

If he had a dog like him, he would have turned the entire Clear River Domain inside out.

When two young experts passed by and overheard this dialogue, they looked at them like they were monster idiots. They wanted to steal from Greater One Sect, these guys are that poor? Or were they really not afraid to die?

So everyone avoided these guys like the plague.

As they were walking, they could hear the noise and clamour of crowds of people gathered ahead.

It looked very lively.

“What’s going on?” Ye Qingyu and the others approached curiously.

A large number of people were surrounding the ancient tree platform that Greater One Sect’s spiritual master appeared before, where a large golden announcement was posted.

Before even coming close to the notice, from the dialogues between the young talents, they had already found out about the content on the notice——

“Greater One sect is going to put Heaven Wasteland Domain’s demon girl on trial.”

“Demon Girl?”

“Yes, the companion of the perverted Demon Ye Qingyu. It is said that this demon girl and the perverted demon both came to Clear River Domain from a lower domain. In the beginning these two did not expose their evil nature. Greater One Sect pitied them and saw that the demon girl had good aptitude so they accepted her into Clear Lotus Peak. While the perverted demon had poor aptitude, but Greater One sect still allowed him to stay in the odd job worker disciple area at the foothills. Unexpectedly, these two lower domain demons were not only ungrateful to Greater One Sect and did not change their evil nature, they brought disaster to Greater One Sect. They really deserve to die.”

“Is there really such a thing?”

“You don’t know? This Greater One divine announcement had written clearly, sigh, these two roots of the trouble are both from Heaven Wasteland Domain. They show no humanity to others. Could it be that in this lower domain of Heaven Wasteland Domain, there are only such evil demons?”

“Is there a need to ask, it must be so. I heard that the reason Greater One Sect discovered Heaven Wasteland Domain was because there were disciples that accidentally strayed into it during the training in Heavenly Gate. And in the end they suffered disastrous losses, harmed by the demons of the lower domain, and only a few managed to escape. Unfortunately, they did not note down the space-time coordinates of Heaven Wasteland Domain. The reason that Greater One Sect is hosting the Sword Storm meeting must be to elect a leader to lead the major sects of our Clear River Domain to invade Heaven Wasteland Domain and eliminate those lower domain troubles.”

“Yes, I also heard that the Greater One Sect had questioned that lower domain demon girl via torture. Unfortunately, this demon girl has been very tight-lipped. Adding to this, she has the imperial Qi on her body, so they could not search her spirit. The gathering of major sects and forces this time is to see if the major sects have any sacred weapons that could break the imperial qi on the demon girl and to search her spirit in order determine the space-time coordinates of the lower domain.”

The crowd broke into clamorous discussion.

Ye Qingyu’s complexion began to change as he listened.

He instantly knew who the demon girl they was referring to was.

He also understood why he could not find Yu Xiaoxing on Clear Lotus Peak.

The words ‘question via torture’ made Ye Qingyu incredibly worried, upset, and furious. He almost, at the same time, exploded in wild rage, almost unable to control himself.

It never occurred to him that Greater One Sect would do such a thing.

It was clear that the commitment of taking her in as a disciple at the beginning was simply a trap.

The reason Greater One Sect accepted Yu Xiaoxing as a disciple was just to know more secrets about Heaven Wasteland Domain from her. The upper level of Greater One Sect must have gathered a lot of information from those Greater One Sect disciples that came with them, and through this information, they made a judgment.

Did he harm Xiaoxing instead?

This idea flashed across Ye Qingyu's mind.

But he immediately shook his head.

Because from the fact that Greater One Sect had spent so much energy to hold the so-called Storm Sword meeting, inviting so many sects, Demon Race and other forces, it was obvious that it was not because of his escape, but from the beginning, they had made various plans.

If he had not been framed by Xiao Yunlong and fled, but temporarily stayed in the odd job worker disciple area, then he would have suffered the same fate as Yu Xiaoxing, arrested and questioned via torture, in order to gain more information about Heaven Wasteland Domain and to prepare for their invasion.

Xiao Yunlong, in order to target the treasured objects on him, had impatiently set up a botched trap, which forced him to flee from Greater One Sect. This had, to some extent, helped him instead.

If both him and Xiaoxing were controlled at the same time, then most likely that both of them would be in life-threatening danger now.

It was precisely because of his sudden escape and disappearance that the only one who knew of the space-time coordinates and other secrets of Heaven Wasteland Domain was Xiaoxing only, so Greater One Sect would not kill her.

Is this the mercy of fate?

Ye Qingyu in this moment figured out a lot of answers.

He trembled with rage.

Greater One Sect was also a Human Race sect and in this great wide world, the Human Race was already so weak. If the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors had not saved the Human Race several times before, it would have been wiped out long ago. But how could the Greater One Sect, who was also part of the Human Race, unite with Demon clans and other forces to invade a domain that was looked after by the Human Race?

And to kill their own fellow citizen?

Such a Human Race sect was simply rotten to the core.

“I hope you people do not go too far, otherwise, one day, I must destroy Greater One Sect's line of inheritance.” Ye Qingyu vowed to himself, looking in the direction of the distant Great Hall of the Headmaster of Greater One Peak.

But this was not the time to be annoyed.

The most important thing now was to first find where Yu Xiaoxing was imprisoned, and to save her.

Ye Qingyu forcibly suppressed his anger, carefully pondered for a while, squatted down, and softly said a few words in the ears of Little Nine.

“Then another three bowls of god-level yuan liquid.” The silly dog very shamelessly bargained with him.

Ye Qingyu stared at the good-for-nothing dog, gritting his teeth, “One bowl.”

“Deal.” Silly dog saw that his master was in a bad mood and that the matter was important, so he dared not be mischievous again. He nodded in reply and then turned to leave, vanishing in the distance after passing a huge enlightened tea tree.

“Brother Tian Huang, what did you do with the dog?”  Hu Bugui asked.

“To find someone,” Ye Qingyu mumbled. “I have something to do, I will leave first.”

Now, he had lost all interest in the Enlightened Tea Party, he just wanted to leave this tea garden and search the bottom of Greater One Sect to find Yu Xiaoxing.

“What bullshit Enlightened Tea Party, it’s like a children’s game, I don't want to stay, leave, leave, we should all go.” Hu Bugui strolled around the entire garden, and still had a lack of interest and wanted to leave.

The other three people agreed with him.

The five people were ready to leave, when someone came directly over to stop them.

“It is him...” More than 10 Greater One Sect disciples blocked their path, and among them, Xiao Yunlong pointed to Ye Qingyu, gnashing his teeth, “Shishu Liuyun, it is that little trash who said that most of our Greater One Sect disciples are rubbish.”

“Oh?” A young man in red flame armour, with a thoughtful expression on his face, shook his head and said, “What's going on? Has our Greater One Sect been too kind these years, anyone dares point their fingers at our Greater One Sect? Elder Xie, really, towards such maniacs, how could he let him go unpunished?”

Ye Qingyu roughly also understood the other person’s identity and purpose of coming. His complexion darkened a little, as he said, “Get lost. I am now in a bad mood, if you don't want to die, don’t anger me.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 519:


Chapter 539, Battle arena

The Enlightened Tea Garden was neither big nor small. When a little movement happened over at one side, almost all the people of the whole tea garden would know.

Ye Qingyu’s path was blocked. And since his responding attitude was arrogant, it immediately attracted the attention of all parties.

The five people had once again become the focus of the crowd.

There were people that recognized the young man in flame armour.

“It's the successor of Greater One Sect’s Great Hua Peak, Chen Shaohua. It is said that among the successors of the eight peaks, this person can be ranked in the top five, a very powerful figure.” Someone had a change of expression.

“So he is [Sword Leaves No Person] Chen Shaohua. These years this person has been constantly in the limelight. It is said that he had once challenged the headmasters of 20 sects in a row, and was not defeated once. Adding to this, he is cruel and merciless, and never leaves his opponent alive. Whoever is challenged by him would be restless like a thorn is on their back.”

“It looks like this Chen Shaohua is here to teach him a lesson. It’s understandable, all the disciples and elders were called trash in this Enlightened Tea Garden. If he let such a maniac leave alive, then Greater One Sect would completely lose their face. Elder Xie did not wanted to be called bullying before so he did not teach this little guy of Thunder and Lightning Sect a lesson, now there are Greater One Sect disciples coming for him.”

“This is interesting, it seems that [Sword Leaves No Person] is here to challenge the boy of Thunder and Lightning Sect. Haha, I would like to see, see if that arrogant boy of Thunder and Lightning Sect can really survive under the sword of Chen Shaohua.”

There were many that recognized Chen Shaohua.

Those that attend this tea garden were all top crystal disciples of major sects and forces. Even if they had not met face to face before in the Jianghu of Clear River Domain, they should have heard of each other's reputation.

The young and vigorous people were all ambitious and self-confident. The occasion of enjoying tea and grasping the Dao before was obviously not something that these young people liked. If it was not for the attraction of [Great Dao Sentient Flower], there would not have been so many young talents coming today. But the present tense scene very quickly aroused the interest of all.

More and more onlookers gathered around.

“Little thing, you are very crazy.” Chen Shaohua sneered, “In Clear River Domain, we’ve never had a person be able to leave safe and sound after insulting my Greater One Sect.”

Ye Qingyu gave a sidelong glance, “Do not pretend tough in front of me, look at the younger generation of Greater One Sect, they have no respect to seniority. Haha, Xiao Yunlong that fool, went over to you to fan the flames. You want to fight back your place, right? Don’t waste time, what do you want. Let’s settle it here, I am very busy.”

Chen Shaohua was arrogant, but Ye Qingyu's performance was much more arrogant that this successor of Great Huan Peak.

Xiao Yunlong went green in the face.

But he did not dare say a word.

“Good, good.” Chen Shaohua had a resentful smile across his face, “It has been a very long time since I’ve seen a stupid idiot like you, I’ll take your head and hang it on the tea garden doorway for seven days and seven nights, as an apology to Greater One Sect from you... Come!”

Before his voice faded.

Behind, there were Greater One Sect disciples activating formations. Formation chains that were like a Phoenix’s wing flickering and moving about in the void, ripples forming above the small lake, white pillars suddenly shooting up from under the water, and as the mist was building up there was an eight-sided floating battle arena forming above the small lake.

“Boy, don't say I didn't give you a chance, on the battle arena, one relies on their own abilities. I...”

Chen Shaohua pointed to the battle arena.

But his words had not finished, when Ye Qingyu soared up, like a tremendous bird, heavily landing on the eight-sided floating battle arena with a loud thud.

“Don’t talk nonsense, come up to die.”

Ye Qingyu disdainfully said.

Chen Shaohua’s face was suddenly embarrassed and gloomy.

It never occurred to him that Ye Qingyu would play this move.

He was the one who built the battle arena and he was the one to say such ruthless words first, but the kid of the Thunder and Lightning Sect did not play the usual cards, and instead jumped up onto the battle arena first and told him to come die. If he jumped up now, it really would seem like he is doing as he said and came to die.

The people nearby also burst into gales of laughter.

The successor of Thunder and Lightning Sect was so interesting.

Chen Shaohua, with a fierce look on his face, hesitated for a moment, and then his body flashed and instantly appeared on the battle arena.

The way he ascended the arena was more elegant than Ye Qingyu before.

By this time, the lake had gathered nearly one hundred people.

Great Thief Hu Bugui lowered his voice, quietly asking in the ears of Old Fish, “Cross-eye, can your disciple do this, will he be killed? The Greater One Sect’s [Sword Leaves No Person] Chen Shaohua is regarded as a merciless person. He should not be underestimated.”

Old Fish glanced at Hu Bugui, saying disdainfully, “You are afraid?”

Hu Bugui grunted, “I am reminding you, do not take the life of Little brother Tian Huang as a joke.”

“Oh, so you are scared.” Old Fish immediately turned back round and continued to stare expectantly at the battle arena on the lake.

Hu Bugui's pair of sword-like brows were wildly raised.

What do you mean I’m scared?

Does this cross-eyed fool not understand human language?

“Oh, yes, don’t call me cross-eye in the future.” The Old Fish remembered something, and said very seriously, “I must formally emphasize this once, I am double fish eye.”

Both Hu Bugui’s and Liu Shaji’s face went expressionless at the same time, “Double fish eye? What kind of eye is that?”

The Old Fish simply ignored the two idiots, turned his head and began watching attentively at the fight on the eight-sided floating battle arena.

Because the fight between Chen Shaohua and Ye Qingyu had begun.

But the successor of Immortal God Emperor Sect, Nan Tieyi, who had rarely said a word, suddenly thoughtfully added, “I really want to know.”

“Know what?” Liu Shaji and Hu Bugui asked in unison.

Nan Tieyi slightly smiled, “Double fish eye is actually a different way of saying cross-eyed.”

Pfff.

Old Fish, Hu Bugui and Liu Shaji had almost all collapsed.

They did not expect a person like Nan Tieyi to suddenly say such a bad joke.

……

On the eight-sided floating battle arena.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh.

Sword qi were filling the air, and the bright-as-fragile-silver sword light suddenly formed a dense network in the void.

[Sword Leaves No Person], Chen Shaohua's nickname has the word sword, so his attainments in swordsmanship was indeed commendable. There was no sword in his hands, but at whichever place he was thinking of, there was a biting cold sword light and thick layers of cold air. In the void there was an invisible sword light slashing across, like a knife slicing butter, cutting the air, creating blasts of air visible to the naked eye.

Frosty cold sword light had almost enveloped the whole battle arena.

Ye Qingyu was shifting about in the sword light.

Although he had not been attacked by the sword light, he was already looking troubled.

“Wait... Wait a minute... Wait a minute.” He jumped up and down, shouting loudly.

Chen Shaohua's mouth was curved in a cold smile, his mind went quiet for a moment, and the limitless sword qi vanished. He said in a mocking tone, “What? Are you scared? It's too late.”

Ye Qingyu snorted, “Who would be afraid of you. Although our Thunder and Lightning Sect has a long tradition, but because we have not been in Jianghu for a long time, so I came unprepared and did not take our sect’s battle armour...” he said while undressing, taking off his upper body clothes, revealing his well built muscles that were like carved jade stones, radiating a dazzling beauty.

This scene, made all spectators a little confused.

What is this?

Trying to stall for time?

Or is he going to take off his clothes and fight?

Among the crowd, there were quite a lot of young women experts.

Upon seeing this scene, the young girls were all blushing.

The sisters of the Hundred Spirits Sect were also there. They were concernedly watching the changes in the battle. Mentally, they were of course standing on the side of Ye Qingyu who had helped them before, but they dared not show this in the slightest. And when they saw that Demon King Ye took off his upper garment, they blushed shyly and dared not stare again.

But for the girls, in that moment of shock, there was a kind of uncontrollable rush of excitement.

Under the sun, dressed only in trousers and boots, and his upper body naked, the young man’s proportions were almost perfect. There was a dazzling sense of beauty, his thick long hair dancing in the wind. He had thick brows and big eyes, a slender and well built body, like a Fiendgod, which, for many women, was almost an irresistible force, striking them in the chest.

Not to mention females, at that moment of sunlight falling on his body, even some of the men of the major sects also revealed a look of jealousy.

……

“Wait a minute, I’ll put my clothes to one side first so they are not destroyed. These are very expensive, you won’t be able to replace them.”

He didn’t seem to be in such a hurry at this moment.

There was a mass of fire raging in his heart, but since he couldn’t get away now then he thought he might as well make a scene and vent his anger on this Chen Shaohua.

Chen Shaohua's patience was much stronger than the average person.

He waited until Ye Qingyu folded his clothes and threw it to Old Fish. Only then did he say coldly, “Are you ready?”

Ye Qingyu knew right away that his plan of infuriating the opponent would not succeed. The successor of Great Hua Peak after all cannot be underestimated.

“Come on.”

Ye Qingyu clenched his hand.

Fighting spirit rose violently in him.

Since the fortuitous encounter in the Moonlight Immortal Palace of the underground river, cultivating the power of chaotic thunder liquid, and his strength being brought to a higher level, Ye Qingyu needed a strong opponent to stimulate himself, for him to fully display all he had learnt——only through such blazing battle can he truly enhance his strength.

Swoosh!

The sword light was broken.

Chen Shaohua operated his thoughts, and endless sword light rose again.

The entire eight-sided floating battle arena was once again abruptly shrouded in penetrating cold sword light.

The air above the battle arena seemed like it would be torn apart.

There was a clamour of excitement.

Anyone could tell that, compared to before, the Chen Shaohua at this moment really had the intention to kill. There was a heavy killing intent filling the air.

“Good timing.”

Ye Qingyu roared, purple lightning surging within his eyes.

In a split second, there was a thin mist-like purple light arc enveloping his body, like he was draped with a purple invisible armour. Without any signs of evading or hiding, he charged right into the sword light that was all across the sky.

“Ah...”

“He’s crazy?”

“This... he wants to die.”

The crowd exclaimed out loud.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 520:


Chapter 540, White Lotus Immortal Sword

“Die.”

Chen Shaohua was also infuriated when he saw his opponent’s frivolous move.

His eyes flashed with heavy murderous intent.

The sword qi in the void grew more and more fierce.

But under the watchful gazes of all, watching Ye Qingyu’s hands lightly tearing across the void, like ripping a cloth, destroying the dense network of sword qi, he was unharmed. Even though there were countless sword qi attacking his body, none could cut through that layer of thin mist-like purple light arc, and instead only slightly stirred up a layer of faint circular ripples.

In the next moment, like greeting a monster of a storm, Ye Qingyu charged over to Chen Shaohua’s body in large strides.

Lunging forward in a bowing stance, a simple punching form.

Ye Qingyu threw out his fist, slamming right at the successor of Great Hua Peak.

“Childish... defend!”

Chen Shaohua said with a low, grim laugh.

In an instant, countless sword qi seemed to have a spirit of his own. In the midst of the shattering sound of the air, it unfolded in front of him like a peacock spreading its tail feathers.

The sword light, like a pure white lotus in full bloom, was beautiful to the extreme.

Ye Qingyu’s fist, with no flashy actions, slammed right into the wall of millions of sword qi.

Boom!

Terrifyingly pure physical strength erupted like an avalanche.

Chen Shaohua’s face was suddenly filled with the colour of shock.

Because that pure white lotus-like wall of sword qi had been unexpectedly destroyed by a physical punch in a split second.

The shattered sword-qi, like flower petals crushed by violence, rapidly splattered in the void and withered away.

And the physical punch was unstoppable, like a meteor streaking across the void. It continued thundering toward his chest.

There was an insuppressible exclamation of surprise from the audience of the battle arena.

The audience of the battle were all powerful descendants of major sects and forces. They naturally had an extraordinary vision, and were experts that had been through hundreds of battles, but never had they once seen someone cultivate such pure physical force to this extent. Each punch was not only an attack on the pure white lotus sword qi wall, but more like bombarding their hearts, causing them to be inwardly fearful.

Especially Xiao Yunlong.

The culprit, looking at the half-naked figure on the battle arena suddenly thought of another person.

“Such powerful physical strength... this guy, could it be that bastard from Heaven Wasteland Domain?”

Xiao Yunlong had some suspicions.

But he soon shook his head again.

That little bastard, although he possessed such violent physical strength, but it is far from this level. The power of Shishu Chen’s White Lotus Sword qi is much superior to that of [Greater one Dispersing Sword Light], but that successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect could so easily withstand its attacks. Such strength is much stronger than that little bastard of Heaven Wasteland Domain. It should not be that little bastard.

But why were so many frightening guys that cultivated physical strength popping up lately?

Was it the age of cultivating the body again?

……

On the eight-sided floating arena.

“Childish.”

Chen Shaohua laughed grimly, his body evading Ye Qingyu’s earth-shattering punch at lightning speed.

The motion of his body was too quick that it far exceeded the limit that the naked eye could capture.

Even some people did not see exactly how he avoided that punch.

“Even if you posses strength as strong as a dragon, what can you do? Under my sword skills, you’re still just a stupid cow... Want to beat me? Haha, try hitting me first.”

Chen Shaohua taunted.

Once he effortlessly avoided Ye Qingyu’s attack, his body slightly floated up to mid-air, 10 meters up from the arena, looking down like an immortal that rules the world, his imposing aura rising to a berserk level.

In the midst of tinkling metallic sound, the layer upon layer of sword light around Chen Shaohua began to unfold, like a tremendously huge white lotus was blooming. It was extremely beautiful, it was like there were huge petals of sword light wrapped around him.

“[White Lotus Sword Attack].”

His voice faded.

Blades of white lotus sword qi descended from the void, cutting vertically, enveloping the whole arena.

The scene at that split second was extremely gorgeous, like a dream.

As long as one was within the area of the eight-sided floating arena, there was no way to avoid such an indiscriminate full coverage attack.

Ye Qingyu stood straight on the battle arena, shouting loudly, “Haha, is it? No matter how many thousands of moves you have, I can break them all! Want to beat me? Try breaking my defense first.”

This time, he did not even dodge.

The white lotus sword qi that filled the sky fell like the rain, attacking the body of Ye Qingyu, like raindrops pattering against a banana leave, producing a strange rhythmical sound.

The thin as a piece of paper mist-like purple light arc spread across his whole body, easily blocking every attack of white lotus sword qi.

Won’t return despite slanting rain and skew wind.

At this moment, all the spectators of this battle could not help but think of this poem.

That shower of sword qi that was enough to kill a Heaven Ascension expert, for this Thunder and Lightning Sect successor, really was like slanting rain and skewed wind on a bright and beautiful morning. It did not have the slightest of threats, like a little scratch.

Bang bang bang bang!

The eight-sided floating arena was bombarded by White lotus sword qi.

The terrifying energy leisurely dispersed, and the whole arena that was bombarded with such destructive sword-like qi instantly fell apart, turning into ruins. And the pillars that supported the arena rumbled as they fractured in the middle and then collapsed, plunging into the lake. The formation chains that formed the arena shield had also completely crumbled, and the shattered formation marks withered and disappeared like a fallen petal.

All this had declared to everyone the destructive power of [White Lotus Sword Attack].

All except Ye Qingyu, who walked past the millions of sword attacks without the slightest of injuries.

His feet exerted force on the ground, jumping up, avoiding the crushed rocks of the collapsing arena, and finally standing on the rippling water.

Although he did not use his own internal power for fear of revealing his identity, but now that his body cultivation had reached this degree, he could completely control his body, including body weight, which could be heavy as an ancient sacred mountain or as light as a goose feather. The Ye Qingyu at this time, treading on the water, did not set off any waves, create any ripples, nor was affected by water vapour. His long and thick waist-length black hair was fluttering without wind, bolts of lightning were curling around his body, and his stance was relaxed and unrestrained.

The atmosphere was as heavy as a mountain.

The battle, at this moment, came to a momentary pause.

There was an utter silence around the lake.

As descendants of major sects and forces, the young people here all had their own pride and self-confidence, and could even be called conceited. But having witnessed such a battle, some people had already begun to reflect, if it was themselves, whether it is facing Chen Shaohua or the successor of Thunder and Lightning Sect Tian Huang, can they really withstand such terrifying attacks?

Chen Shaohua was one of the successors of an ancient sect like Greater One Sect. It is understandable for him to have such magnificent and frightening strength.

But this Thunder and Lightning Sect successor Tian Huang, where did this guy come from? He was so abnormal.

Some people's gazes had furtively shifted over to the cross-eyed Old Fish. The disciple is so formidable, then as his master, wouldn’t he be more terrifying?

With such thoughts, the more the people observed Old fish, the more astonished they were.

Because they came to find that they could not sense any aura of power from Old Fish, as if he was an ordinary person.

But everybody was very certain that, if they really treated the sect master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect as an ordinary person, then they really would be no different to a pig.

“Senior sister, he is very strong.” A female disciple of the Hundred Spirits Sect reached out her hand and poked the eldest senior sister, her beautiful eyes lighting up.

The eldest senior sister of course knew who her junior sister was talking about.

To tell the truth, she herself never had thought that this obscure successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect would be so strong. Eldest senior sister was of course aware of the fame and strength of [Sword Leaves No Person] Chen Shaohua, and his [White Lotus Sword Attack] was a well known killing attack that had resounded across hundreds of thousands of miles. Yet it could not even break through the defense of the Thunder and Lightning Sect successor...

She was suddenly a little tempted.

If they can’t get support from Greater One Sect this time, maybe they could ask for help from the Thunder and Lightning Sect?

And looking at the positions, Great Thief Hu Bugui and the young emperor of the Immortal God Emperor Sect seemed to have a good relationship with the Thunder and Lightning Sect. If Thunder and Lightning Sect agreed to help, then maybe these few may also lend a helping hand?

It was also at this time that the little junior sister Liu Ruxin, who had not said much, quietly came over and asked, “Eldest senior sister, perhaps we should talk to Master about the matter of Thunder and Lightning Sect.”

The eldest senior sister astoundingly looked at the remarkably beautiful little junior sister, understanding her meaning.

Her junior sister evidently held the same idea as her.

……

In midair above the lake.

Chen Shaohua’s face, was somewhat gloomy.

He did not think that the successor of Thunder and Lightning Sect would be so difficult to deal with.

What was the origin of that layer of light purple lightning arc, that it could possess such tremendous power and even his own [White Lotus Sword Attack] could not shake it in the slightest, and instead only stirred up several ripples. In the end he could not break the defense.

Below.

“How about it? Dare to take a head-on attack?”

Ye Qingyu said in an undisguised provocative tone.

Chen Shaohua drew a deep breath in.

“Well, it wouldn't hurt to take a head-on attack.” There was a hint of a mysterious smile on his face.

He opened up his hands in front of his chest, palm flashing, and a delicate white lotus flower bloomed on his palm. As the petals opened up, Chen Shaohua made a grasping motion at the stamen of the flower, and then slowly raised his hand into the air. A silver sword, like being unsheathed, was slowly pulled out by him from the lotus flower.

A strange and frightening power was fluctuating, spreading out from the sword body.

With this sword in his hand, the imposing manner of Chen Shaohua was again frantically rising.

If the power of the successor of Great Hua Peak was at the peak level of Heaven Ascension boundary, then at this moment, he had clearly broken through the Heaven Ascension boundary, stepping into a more incredible boundary.

“The last time I used the White Lotus Immortal Sword was five years ago.”

Chen Shaohua muttered.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

