Chapter 641:


Chapter 659, Lord Gu, what is going on with you?



Gu Yangdao was stunned by the remark, not knowing what to say.

Zheng Wenxuan noticed the utterly puzzled expression on Gu Yangdao's face, then cast a glance back at Luo Tiezheng, only to find that his face was twisted with a similar expression. He asked in a surprised tone, “What, Lord Luo and Lord Gu do not know about the news? Gongzi Luo has been promoted!”

“Promoted?” Gu Yangdao’sfacial expression was lifeless, his pitch of voice unconsciously raised.



Luo Tiezheng was also surprised, shifting his gaze to Luo Yi he asked, “Yi'er, what is going on, you haven't been removed from the [Blazing Flame Battalion], you're promoted again?”

Luo Yi explained with a smile, “Father, I received an order today, I indeed left the [Blazing Flame Battalion], but I was not struck off. The War God Lord Ye of the Light Palace transferred me to the Light City to become his personal attendant.”



“What? Transferred to the Light City?” Luo Tiezheng exclaimed, sitting there quite dumbfounded for a few moments before he suddenly realized something. Immediately his face was lit up with joy, looking at Luo Yi in disbelief.

On the other side Zheng Wenxuan suddenly burst into laughter, “Lord Luo so you don't know yet, Gongzi Luo was thought highly of by Palace Lord Ye, and it is him who personally transferred Luo Yi to the Light Palace. Palace Lord Ye also complimented Gongzi Luo for his outstanding talent. It is the first time that Palace Lord Ye has praised someone like that!”



Left Minister’s brilliant student Ke Xianju and Marshal Li's Deputy General Zhao Hongjie also nodded.



Madam Luo stared in wide-eyed astonishment at Luo Yi.

Although she was a woman, she also knew about the Divine Light Palace and its significance to the imperial capital. She also knew about War God Ye Qingyu, and what he meant to Heaven Wasteland Domain.



At the thought of her son being valued by such a person and becoming his attendant, a flood of joy rushed over her face.



While Luo Tiezheng, who had already reacted, his face was still beaming with joy. Seeing his son standing there calmly, he could not help but pretend to be angry, “You child, it's such an important matter, you should have told us earlier!”



Luo Yi helplessly shook his head, explaining with a smile: “Father, it's not that I don’t want to tell you, but I really did not have the opportunity to speak.”



Luo Tiezheng stared at him blankly, the scene before the several important men had come again surfaced onto his mind. At that time, Luo Yi really had tried to say something several times, but he was worried that Luo Yi was young and impulsive, and might stand up to Gu Yangdao, so he had to stopped whenever he tried to say something.



Thinking of this, his expression became a little awkward, but that quickly faded. The fact that his son was going to transfer to the Light Palace to serve Lord Ye was simply too joyous an event!

Very soon, Luo Tiezheng again thought of something, his gaze shifted to Gu Yangdao.



And at this moment, Gu Yangdao still had a look of astonishment across his face, sitting there dazedly and was too shocked to say a word.



The Chief Steward of the Prince's residence Li Fu saw that Gu Yangdao and his family were speechless, and simply thought that they were too surprised to say a word. “I also have to congratulate Lord Gu, I heard that your daughter and Gongzi Luo are engaged? Lord Gu really has great vision, you already knew that Gongzi Luo has outstanding talent, and you acted so fast!”



As he was speaking, he took a glimpse of Gu Zhenzhen, “This is your daughter, yes? Yes, she really is elegant and refined, and at such a young age her cultivation base is similar to Gongzi Luo. Whether it is appearance or martial arts, she is a very good match with Gongzi Luo. They really can be said to be a perfect fit, hahaha.”



Gu Yangdao's expression grew more awkward upon hearing this.



Then he fixed his eyes upon Luo Yi, with unwillingness and regret. For a moment, he sat there dazedly, even the red sandalwood beads that he treated like the most valuable treasure were unknowingly rolling onto the ground, his arms trembling and he lacked the strength to close his agape mouth.

He had never thought that Luo Yi was not removed from the [Blazing Flame Battalion] and promoted to work for the mighty Light Palace Lord who no one dares to approach.



There was no comparison between the [Blazing Flame Battalion] and the Light Palace. The former was only a group of elites of the imperial army of the Snow Empire, and even if they were extremely lucky they were still only an official. While the Light Palace enjoyed superior status in the Snow Empire, and even the Right Minister, Left Minister, and other major influential figures were fearful of the people of the Light Palace. Not to mention that the people who follow the unfathomable young genius Palace Lord Ye, even a small cook like Mother Wu, was well-respected by the elites and nobles of Snow Empire.

To be able to enter Light City was something that even the powerful figures of the Snow Empire dared not to think about, but Luo Yi was thought highly of by Palace Lord Ye, and was praised and transferred to Light City!



The more Gu Yangdao thought, the more afraid he was, like he was falling into an ice hell. His heart felt biting cold.



Then, there was a blazing rage in his heart.



Things had developed into the present state, it was all because of the person who delivered false information to him. He was itching to hack that person to thousands of pieces. That person firmly informed him that Luo Yi was removed from the [Blazing Flame Battalion], so without carefully investigating beforehand he brought his wife and daughter over to cancel the marriage arrangement. Who would have expected the truth to be like this!

What to do?



How to sort out the situation now?



He vaguely felt that the cicada wing-like marriage withdrawal document in the storage space, was burning his body like a red lotus fire of hell. A wave of regret hit him, and almost engulfed him.

On the other side, Madam Gu's elegant makeup had solidified on her face.



The insufferably arrogant noblewoman’s pair of phoenix eyes from before, at this time, were flashing in disbelief. Her originally rosy face had lost its radiant colour, and her thin bright red lips seemed incomparably more beautiful. Her hands that were placed on the tables edge had gone white from the fingertips from exerting too much strength.



Zheng Wenxuan, Li Fu, and the others had a puzzled looks on their faces.



It was clearly a happy matter that Luo Yi was being promoted, but why did the Gu family show such a strange expression and there was not the slightest hint of joy on their faces?

They could not help but turn their attention to Luo Yi's ‘fiancèe’ Gu Zhenzhen, who, on the contrary, made them even more puzzled.



Gu Zhenzhen's beautiful face was pale, her large round eyes were wide open, her pearly white teeth were biting her lower red lips, and her fair hands were clenched into fists, the nails almost puncturing the flesh of her palms.



The atmosphere in the hall became extremely stiff and bizarre.

The line of sight of the several important men were sweeping back and forth between the Gu family. Their silence was indeed a bit puzzling. On the other hand, although the Luo family had a look of surprise on their faces, at the tip of their brows and the corner of their eyes was a strange expression, Zheng Wenxuan and the others exchanged glances with each other, growing more confused.



Left Minister’s brilliant student Ke Xianju cast a puzzled look at Gu Yangdao, lightly yelling, “Lord Gu, Lord Gu?”



His voice was mixed with a hint of yuan qi, like a stream from a clear and cold spring rippling across the hall.



Gu Yangdao snapped out of his drowsy trance, looking up to see Ke Xuanju asking his a question. He had no choice but to endure the shock, squeezing out a little smile from his stiffened face, “Mister Ke, what's wrong?”

Ke Xuanju saw Gu Yangdao’s expression and asked pensively, “Lord Gu, what is going on with you?”——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 642:


Chapter 660, The second Zhang Xiaoying



At this moment, Gu Yangdao's face was strange, and no longer twisted with the previous disdainful and cold expression. Instead he sat there lifeless, looking inexplicably awkward.



After a pause, his mouth was slightly opened again, but as though he was frozen again, he restrained the words that had sprung to his lips.



On the other side, when Madam Gu saw that the situation was not too good, she felt a tightness at her chest. At this time she must not let these people know they were here to withdraw from the marriage, and must quickly remedy the situation.

She had no time to care about the Luo family's thoughts at that time, hurriedly and shamelessly she added, “Haha, yes, yes, yes, husband has always boasted that his son-in-law is young and talented and has a promising future ahead of him. Also, he is especially loyal and righteous. He treats his fiancèe Zhenzhen really well, that is called a deep affection. Today, our family came here to discuss a wedding date with the Luo family, so our Zhenzhen can hurry and marry and take care of her parents-in-law, and be a good wife, haha...”



Madam Gu was beaming with joy, a wide smile across her face, as though everything that had come out of her mouth had really happened.

The acrimony and aggression that she had towards Luo Yi's parents ten minutes before had disappeared, and was replaced with an expression of great appreciation for Luo Yi, as if she had been really satisfied with her son-in-law all along.

During the gap in her speech, her phoenix eyes were flickering and furtively blinking at father Luo and mother Luo, hoping that the other side could understand her meaning and not expose her in front of everyone.



“Yes... discuss the marriage... marriage...” Gu Yangdao still looked a bit embarrassed, but his wife's way of defusing the awkward situation was exactly what he wanted. The Luo family also was unable to refute, perhaps there really was room to turn the situation around?

With this thought, a glimmer of hope surfaced in Gu Yangdao's heart. He took a glimpse at his beautiful, gifted, and intelligent daughter, perhaps Luo Yi still had strong admiration for Zhenzhen and that his withdrawal from the marriage arrangement was only said to vent his anger.

“Oh, I see...” Zheng Wenxuan, the housekeeper of the Right Minister’s residence, hesitated slightly, but then nodded.



On the other side, the Chief Steward of the Golden Apex Prince, Li Fu, had a ruminative expression across his face.

These were the shrewd and powerful characters in charge of all the matters of the the Snow capital's influential authorities’ residence, and they all had extraordinary status in the capital and possessed extraordinary minds.



They instantly captured the expression on Gu Yangdao's face, but no matter what was the reason for that look, these housekeepers and important people would not open their mouth to get to the heart of the matter. After all, their main purpose of coming today was to congratulate Luo Yi on behalf of their Masters.

Only the core people of the events today had a strange look in their eyes. The young Luo Yi wore an indifferent expression, and there was a hint of imperceptible coldness in his eyes towards the Gu family.



“Madam Gu must have forgotten, just moments ago did you not say you came to break off the marriage arrangement?” Luo Yi gently brushed his silver wrist guard, as if there was something in the wrist guard that could bring him a steady stream of warmth and confidence.



“Break off the marriage arrangement?!”



The Right Mnister’s housekeeper Zheng Wenxuan's and the Left Minister’s brilliant student Ke Xianju's eyes were wide with shock, almost screaming out loud.



On the other side, Deputy General Zhao Hongjie’s and the Prince's Chief Steward Li Fu's face were also filled with disbelief



These clever and shrewd people, who had always made sure that not a single drop leaked out whenever they dealt with a matter or a person, had also suspected the reason why Gu Yangdao was inadvertently displaying an awkward expression.



But they had never thought that the Gu family would, on the day that Luo Yi was promoted to work in Light City and become the personal attendant of the Lord of the Light Palace, come to find the Luo family to break off the marriage arrangement.

Only Gu Zhenzhen, who had been keeping her head low and not saying a single word, at this time had mixed feelings towards the situation. What she had said was just like poured out water and cannot be taken back. Her words before were so ruthless and humiliating to Luo Yi, yet her parents expect that they could redeem the situation with just a few words…

“Uh... actually it was just a joke...” Madam Gu was a little flustered, waving her hand about, “It was a misunderstanding...”

“Yes, yes, it was a misunderstanding.” Gu Yangdao could no longer maintain the last hint of his haughty expression, smiling apologetically, and then turned to his former son-in-law Luo Yi with an awkward and gentle gaze.



Originally, Luo Yi was selected into the [Blazing Flame Battalion], became a member of the Crown Prince's direct imperial army, and promoted to captain. Among the younger generations of the Snow Empire's imperial army he was already considered to have a little fame, and as Luo Tiezheng's immediate superior, he was the first one to grab at this marriage.



Now, this promising son-in-law was to be transferred to the Light Palace Lord's side, and become the bodyguard of the most famous man of the entire Snow Empire. His fame after the promotion could easily be imagined.



Whether the marriage could continue to go ahead or not was not the matter that Gu Yangdao was most concerned about now. He was most worried that Luo Yi would bear grudges against him, his wife, and his daughter due to their attitude and actions just now. And if that reaches that person's ear, then the official position that he had tried to sit firmly in could be lost overnight.

As thoughts were roaming around his mind, Gu Yangdao's expression became more humble towards his subordinate Luo Tiezheng and Luo Yi.

“What is going on?” Li Fu, the housekeeper of the Prince's residence, sighed slightly.



He really couldn't understand what was going on. Previously, there were rumours that many matchmakers representing the daughters of aristocrats and merchants had come to the door of the Luo residence to propose a marriage arrangement, and finally the flower fell onto the Gu family, which was considered a well-matched pair.



In particular, Luo Yi was transferred to the Light Palace, which was a godsend opportunity that many people hoped for. According to logic, Gu Yangdao should instead be grateful, and even more satisfied with this son-in-law.



“Haha, Lord Gu heard the news from somewhere that I was struck off from the [Blazing Flame Battalion], and also offended Her Highness Crown Prince, so he hurriedly came to break off the arrangement, and severed all relationships...” Luo Yi revealed a faint smile, recounting what had happened in the hall.



Except for mother Luo and father Luo who were shaking their heads and sighing unceasingly, the other people all had understanding dawning on their faces.



At this moment, the expression that everyone looked at Gu Yangdao with became strange.



The Right Minister’s housekeeper cast a glance at the icy-cold expression on Luo Yi's face, then at the embarrassed Gu Yangdao who did not know what to say, and could only smile helplessly.



Previously, they had also heard about Gu Yangdao, the deputy minister of the Imperial Security Department.



Although he did not have any severe military discipline problems, but his style of doing things was indeed different according to one’s status.



In his Imperial Security Department, there were some young generals who had a lot of criticism with Gu Yangdao's actions, and although they had not openly expressed this, rumors still began to spread by word of mouth.

When their withdrawal from the marriage arrangement came out, and from Luo Yi's icy cold attitude, it was obvious that the Gu family had completely offended the Luo family.



In fact, to the housekeepers that were accustomed to the sight of games between the influential authorities, offending the Luo family was nothing.



But if this incident were to reach Luo Yi’s new superior, the Light Palace Lord Ye, who even the imperial family had to treat respectfully, Gu Yangdao had really dug himself a hole.



Deputy General Zhao Hongjie glanced at the stiffened Gu Yangdao, and the pale Gu Zhenzhen and the embarrassed Madam Gu behind him who were too ashamed to lift their heads up. He also slightly shook his head.

He had long heard of Gu Yangdao's military path. The reason he was able to sit in the position he had today was from Deputy Minister Gu currying favor. Today's withdrawal from the marriage was certain to spread like wildfire tomorrow, and the Crown Prince Her Highness was bound to receive the news.



In particular, it was well known that the Crown Prince of the Snow Empire has a close relationship with Palace Lord Ye, Those who offended the Light Palace Lord, also offended Her Highness.



Even if the Crown Prince had always been fair on the military and government matters of the empire, but a scheming military person like Gu Yangdao, who had always flattered those above him and bullied those below him, would most likely have a difficult path in the future.



The Left Minister’s student Ke Xianju exchanged a glance with the Prince's Chief Steward Li Fu with a lamentable expression.



The Gu family and the Luo family’s engagement was originally Gu Yangdao's intentional doing, but in the end his reckless act, his one bad move, had made them unable to climb up the tall branch of the Luo family, and instead angered the Luo family. This time they really ended up worse off than before.



Once the incident of the withdrawal from the marriage spreads, the other high-ranking military officers and important ministers would consider it over and over again, and from then on, it would be incredibly difficult for Gu Yangdao's only daughter Gu Zhenzhen to marry into a prestigious family.

Gu Yangdao had also thought about what the several important people present would think.



His words and actions today and the withdrawal from marriage had offended the Luo family, as well as indirectly offended the Lord of the Light Palace and the Crown Prince Her Highness. His military future, and his daughter's future happiness, could be described as dismal.

“Brother Tiezheng... there may have been a misunderstanding between us before...” Gu Yangdao, seeing that Luo Yi's attitude was so cold and resolute, turned to his subordinate Luo Tiezheng, hoping that he would help speak out for him considering the fact that he was his superior.



Luo Tiezheng glanced at the snobby and arrogant Gu Yangdao who was now humble and embarrassed, slightly hesitated, then gently let out a sigh and was a little swayed, “Yi'er ah, how about...”



“Father, you shouldn't persuade me, I have decided.” Luo Yi looked at his father firmly, slightly shaking his head, motioning his father not to talk him out of it.

Luo Yi's parents looked at each other and eventually kept quiet.



At first, Luo Tiezheng was worried that his son's firm attitude would anger the Gu family, and subsequently affect his future.



But then, after another thought, his son had become the personal attendant of the Palace Lord of the Light Palace. Although his rank was not high, but his status was several times higher than that of Gu Yangdao. In other words, Luo Yi no longer needed to be afraid of the Gu family.



“Luo Yi, you and Zhenzhen suit each other perfectly, if you two were to marry it would be a match made in heaven. Our previous words and actions may have offended you, please don't keep it in mind..." A benign smile spread over Madam Gu's face, tightly pinching the spotless white square handkerchief in her hand.



“Madam Gu, the withdrawal from marriage is an established fact, spilt water cannot be retrieved, what's done is done and can't be reversed, please do not say any more.” Luo Yi looked elsewhere, but his attitude was still as resolute.



Gu Zhenzhen, who had not said a word since the beginning, had been staring down at her cotton dress, her mouth slightly pursed up, but no one had noticed that her hands inside her flowing sleeve were clenched into fists, and her fingers had become white, trembling slightly.



For a moment, the atmosphere was somewhat quiet and awkward.



The important men who had come to congratulate them had also gone quiet at this time.



Luo Tiezheng glanced at the influential people sitting in the hall. Today was Luo Yi's first day of becoming the bodyguard of the Lord of the Light Palace. If he were to be affected by the marriage, it may not necessarily be a good thing for Luo Yi's reputation. After all, he had just transferred to Light City.

“Lord Gu, today's withdrawal from marriage has become an established fact. It could only mean that they are not fated to be together. I hope that in the future, Miss Gu can find a husband who matches up to her. At that time, our Luo family must prepare a generous gift and personally come to your door to congratulate you.” Luo Tiezheng smiled, his words tactful, but his attitude was resolute. It was evident that the matter of the marriage engagement can't be turned around anymore.

“In that case, it is too bad...” The Prince's Chief Steward Li Fu hurriedly carried on the conversation, trying to mediate the situation, “Originally, we planned to go to the Luo residence's wedding feast but Luo Yi, no need to be too sad, I know a lot of aristocrats’ daughters in the capital. In the future, if you have a girl that you like then just let me know, I will personally go to their door to match make for you. Haha...”



“Yes, yes, now you have transferred to the Light Palace. In the future, you most likely won’t need us to match make for you. The doorstep of the Luo residence is going to be trampled by matchmakers again, haha...” The Right Minister's housekeeper Zheng Wenxuan also added, his manner kind and gentle.



“That's right, Luo Yi is still young, he has boundless prospects, especially since he is now working for the Lord of the Light Palace. In the future, you will be dazzled by so many choices!” Left Minister’s brilliant student Ke Xianju gently put down the white porcelain teacup and smiled to Luo Tiezheng and his wife.

Deputy General Zhao Hongjie also nodded in agreement. “I can see the day that we have to personally come to help you two select a remarkably beautiful and intelligent woman for Luo Yi.”

Luo Tiezheng and his wife looked at each other and smiled. It was clear that they were not accustomed to the friendly manner of the influential people of the imperial city.



But based on this matter, the manner and the words of the trusted aides of the important authorities of the imperial court had amply illustrated Luo Yi’s special status, which made them treat him differently.



And at this moment, Gu Yangdao also clearly understood the one-sided situation before him. Even if he was unwilling, he knew that the cancellation of the marriage engagement cannot be reversed anymore.



Gu Zhenzhen hung her head low so that people couldn't see her expression. Her eyes were already red with unwillingness, annoyance, and hidden bitterness.

When Gu Zhenzhen heard her parents try to remedy the situation with a low voice and humble attitude several times, yet Luo Yi was still so heartless, she couldn’t help cursing inwardly.



Don't tell me that Luo Yi, just because he had skyrocketed, looks down on the Gu family?



At this moment, the atmosphere in the hall of the Luo residence had become unusually awkward again.



Gu Yangdao ran his eyes across the other people who were eagerly exchanging conversations, and then looked at his family who were completely ignored. Suddenly he understood that he and his wife and daughter no longer had the face to stay in the Luo residence.

“Brother Tiezheng... and several Lords... it's getting late, we should leave...” Gu Yangdao slowly stood up, there was a hint of regret and embarrassment on his face.



“This... why don't..." Madam Gu hurriedly put down the teacup, attempting to urge her husband to continue fighting for a bit longer.



Gu Yangdao, without a sideways glance, already understood his wife's meaning. He slightly shook his head, and was the first to step out of the hall.



“Sigh...” Madam Gu sighed, and then slightly bowed to everyone as she got up from the chair.



Then she hurriedly dragged Gu Zhenzhen and caught up with Gu Yangdao.



Outside the Luo residence.



The moonlight was cold and the formation lanterns on both sides of the street were burning brightly. The blue and gold stone slate under the candle flames emitted bursts of orange-yellow light.



Seeming to be full of grievances, Gu Zhenzhen finally broke down into tears as though all the emotions that she held back had finally gotten released. Two streams of tears constantly trickled down her cheeks.



“It's all your fault... I blame you all!” Gu Zhenzhen was sobbing bitterly as she grumbled. “If you had not trusted the rumours and took me here to withdraw from the marriage, I won't be so humiliated today... How can I marry others in the future...”

“Exactly, it's all your fault!” Madam Gu also seemed to have been enduring for a long while. Ignited by Gu Zhenzhen's sobbing and complaining, she also began howling to Gu Yangdao, “Where did you hear the rumours, our daughter's happiness is ruined by you!”



Standing on the blue and gold pavement, Gu Yangdao's complexion was extremely gloomy, “You guys are blaming me, if you had not said something so hurtful before, would Luo Yi's attitude be so resolute?”



“Right! It's mother's fault... your words were too ruthless... it angers people... and you have such an overbearing look... Can the Luo family not blame us?” Gu Zhenzhen was like a child who had lost her beloved toy, choking with sobs.



“Be quiet, you're still blaming your mother, why don't you think about your previous attitude to Luo Yi, that is the root of the cause for Luo Yi having no attachment to you!” Gu Yangdao seemed to be furious, his sword-like brows were raised, his chest heaving up and down and his face was bright red.

“Can you not think of something now... to redeem the situation... after all, Luo Yi has risen to the sky, if Zhenzhen were to marry him, in the future..." Madam Gu trembled slightly with a crying voice and her eyes a little red.



“What else can I do!” Gu Yangdao interrupted in a loud voice. How would he not know that her daughter would live happily if she were to marry a young talented man like Luo Yi. But what he needed to consider was not just the thoughts of the two women in front of him.



He greatly suppressed the anger in his heart, his voice weak when he said, “Did you not see the attitude of Luo Yi just now? We have completely offended Luo family, let alone redeem the marriage engagement, I only hope that the Luo family do not hate me for this, and affect my official career...”



“This... what to do...” Madam Gu also suddenly understood. She knitted her brows in a worried frown.



If one were to say that he was previously rather annoyed by the matters of his daughter's marriage, now it concerned Gu Yangdao and his family’s status and prospects in the imperial capital, it was only then that he was truly remorseful for what he had done before.



“Let's go, let's go... we've been standing at the door of the Luo residence clamouring. Do you think I have not been humiliated enough?” Gu Yangdao sighed, tightly clenching the sandalwood beads in his hands, and walked down the street in large strides.

Gu Zhenzhen turned around to take a final glance at the Luo residence sign. At this moment, the unwillingness and regret in her eyes had turned into a steady stream of tears, wetting her lapel, and her footsteps seemed to be hesitant and reluctant to leave.



“Sigh, am I going to be the second Zhang Xiaoying? I... don't want to.” She seemed to have suddenly thought of something, and her crying voice was full of sorrow.



“You mean the daughter of the Zhang family who broke a promise of marriage, abandoned the son of the Li family, Li Changkong, and married one of the [Thirteen Cold-blooded Eagles]? And in the end, because of that war half a year ago, she had become a widow? Girl, don't think too much about it.” Madam Gu dabbed the corners of her eyes with a handkerchief as she approached her daughter.



“Sigh... That year, Zhang Xiaoying suddenly tore up the marriage contract, remarried, and left Li Changkong deeply hurt. The [Thirteen Cold-blooded Eagles] played dirty tricks and his family deteriorated as a result. From a well-known young master of an aristocratic family he became a noble living in poverty, and finally he hid in the Light City to pass his days. In the end, the Light Palace unexpectedly rose again because of the appearance of the new Palace Lord, and Li Changkong's status all of a sudden skyrocketed, becoming one of the mighty figures of the imperial capital that no one dares approach, a hero known to everyone. While that Zhang Xiaoying, who had hurt him deeply back then, is now a laughing stock of the imperial capital..." Gu Zhenzhen gazed into the hazy moon, her eyes filled with sadness and regret.

No matter how good the moonlight was, dawn would eventually come.



And when the new daylight sprinkles over the imperial capital, the news of her withdrawing from the marriage arrangement will spread, spread all over the entire city...



By then... Gu Zhenzhen will have already became the next Zhang Xiaoying.



Madam Gu, looking at the upset face of her daughter, felt her heart aching unceasingly.



This daughter who she had been spoiling since she was born, originally could leap up to become a phoenix and live a prosperous life, but because of one bad move from her and her husband, she had become a laughing stock in the end. With this thought, a flood of tears finally gushed down Madam Gu's cheeks...



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 643:


Chapter 661, Evil will be requited with evil

The night faded, and the formation candle-lit lanterns across the entire imperial capital gradually hid themselves among the rays of the morning sun.

To the Luo family, this night was emotional and unforgettable. After sending off the several aides of the influential authorities of the Snow empire, Father and Mother Luo again celebrated until midnight. But because of the excitement, they tossed and turned restlessly in bed and were unable to fall asleep.

And also similarly sleepless, tossing and turning in bed, was the worried and upset Gu family.

For them, the sunrise and the chirping of the yellow oriole birds were no longer beautiful.

The next day at noon.

Even though the Luo's family was low-key and cautious, and had not released the news of the Gu family's withdrawal from the marriage arrangement, but no matter how strong a wall was there will always be a little crack where wind could seep through. Even tough silk fabric in the end cannot cover sporadic flames.

Early in the morning, the news of Gu Yangdao's way of bowing to those higher up, trampling on those lower down, breaking off the marriage arrangement with the Luo family, and ultimately ending worse off, begun to spread like wildfire. Like a cool breeze, it instantly spread throughout the streets, and became the main conversation topic in the teahouses and restaurants.

The young and beautiful Gu Zhenzhen naturally became a laughing stock among the circle of aristocratic young women.

As soon as the Gu family of three had returned to their residence, they ordered the servants to close the doors, declined to see any guests, and stayed at home. Even Gu Yangdao claimed that he was ill and needed to rest and did not immediately return to the security department.

According to the servants of the Gu family, ever since Gu Zhenzhen got home she locked herself up in her room. From time to time there were anguished wailing and sounds of porcelain vases being shattered.

Becoming a hot topic of discussion in the Empire at the same time of as this laughing matter, the Luo family, whose status skyrocketed overnight, was incessantly praised.

Since dawn, an endless stream of the trusted aides of officials and merchants had been coming to the Luo residence's door, presenting a variety of gold and silver treasures, and hoping to be on friendly terms with the Luo family.

Especially Luo Yi, who had suffered the humiliation of his marriage being cancelled but did not retaliate. He was originally talented and had a pure and kind personality, and had even received compliments from the strongest God of War of Heaven Wasteland Domain, the Lord of the Light Palace. All of a suddenly, all of the aristocratic women in the imperial capital were scrambling to send over invitations and gifts to him. Some had even impatiently sent out a matchmaker to his door, making Mother and Father Luo too busy to attend to everyone.

As for the person at the center of all these topics, the pride of the Human Race, Luo Yi had already set off to the Light City as early as when the morning star first appeared in the sky.

For him, after all these twists and turns, the so-called engagement and fame had already become a thing of the past. He and the Luo family were able to have the status that they had now all because of the Lord of the Light Palace.

The favour of a drop of water shall be returned with the gratitude of a fountain of water.

Luo Yi had long made up his mind that he needed to train diligently and master the [Limitless Sword Way] that Palace Lord Ye had gifted him. It was only by doing so that he would be more qualified to follow at Palace Lord Ye's side.

As for marriage...

Luo Yi had already entrusted his parents to pass out the message that he absolutely will no longer consider it before he becomes a Heaven Ascension expert.

Given his current status and situation, he naturally did not have to worry about offending anyone. The circle of aristocrats could only sigh while wringing their hands. They had missed a great opportunity, and could only in the future find the opportunity to meet and make friends with the rising star of the imperial capital.

In the next few days.

Light City.

In addition to the daily training in the Light Palace, Ye Qingyu led Gao Han to inspect and enforce the defense formations in Light City.

In the just over half a year that he was away in Clear River Domain, there were formation experts in the capital arranged by the Right Minister to repair the formations of the Light City. But these formations were as flimsy as oiled paper to Immortal Step boundary experts of the other domains, unable to withstand their attacks at all.

The good thing was that Ye Qingyu's strength had long reached the Immortal Step realm. He picked out some suitable formation markings from the ancient bronze book, and injected them into the boundary formations around the Light City.

The Domain Gate and the domain stonewalls in the depths of the fire tree woods were also surrounded by the formations and protective boundaries, forming an impenetrable defense.

These layer upon layer of formations and the protective boundaries could not only prevent the invasion of people of other domains and harming the people of the Snow capital, but it would also signal a warning the moment living creatures of other domains stepped into Heaven Wasteland Domain.

These days, while reinforcing the gap between the formations, Ye Qingyu also paid attention to the young military officer Luo Yi who was diligently practicing in the Fire Tree woods day and night.

Although he had just obtained the [Limitless Sword Way], but with his superb talent and power of understanding, there were already signs of him touching upon the essence in just a few days. Coupled with Ye Qingyu's occasional guidance, his breakthroughs could be described as rapid leaps.

Such an improvement was within Ye Qingyu's expectation.

After all, on Luo Yi's body, there was a kind of aura.

In the blink of an eye, ten days had passed.

The morning breeze had awakened the thick foliage of the Fire Tree woods. In the distance, the Light Palace, like a black four-sided hanging ink stone, was rising again.

The entire capital saw the scene.

The Light Palace rose into the sky, like an incomparably tremendous ship. It first slowly rose, casting a shadow across the ground, then its speed increased, like a giant space-time shark, separating the ripples of space, and speeding towards the North western direction with an incomparably imposing manner.

This scene was unforgettable for many people.

And the little more informed nobles of the Snow capital were even more shocked, because only they knew what the rising of the Light Palace signified.

A journey that would once again enter the historical records of Heaven Wasteland Domain had come.

This day would be remembered by the entire domain.

……

Blue sky and white clouds.

The Divine Palace did not move at a fast speed.

In the Light Palace.

Ye Qingyu was sitting on a stone chair, and in his hand was a jade scroll from the Crown Prince Her Highness. He was carefully scrutinizing it.

On the left side of the palace stood the newly appointed attendant of Ye Qingyu, young soldier Luo Yi.

On the right side close to the door were four young soldiers, including Gao Qiu and Gao Shou, all of whom were soldiers of Youyan Pass who had followed Ye Qingyu to the Snow capital.

In addition, there was also a handsome and petite scholarly figure in the main hall. It was Lang Yong who was dressed in men's clothes and had her hair bunched up.

Ye Qingyu smiled lightly after reading the scroll.

He deliberately did not use the function of the Map of the Universe to control the Divine Palace, in order to let the news spread to the ears of specific people.

At that moment——

“Hey, hey... Little Leaf, you're going out to play but you didn't call me...” a strange and crafty voice suddenly sounded in the void

“Exactly... Woof says he's going to sneak away... If woof hadn't pulled you back in time... He was going to go out there and drink and eat delicious food himself...” Silly dog Little Nine's voice spread out from the movements in the air.

Ye Qingyu rubbed his temple.

He had unexpectedly forgotten about these two weirdos. It seemed as though they were tired of tormenting Snow capital, and were secretly following him to harm the rest of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

The ripples gently moved in the air.

An ingratiating Old Fish with his arm wrapped around the silly dog who had a fawning smile on his face suddenly appeared from a shadow.

Ye Qingyu looked helplessly at these two scourges.

But on second thought, he decided not to worry about it. If they were not right in front of his eyes, he would instead be worrying about what big messes they were causing.

The next moment.

He tapped his left finger, sending the Light Palace rising steeply skywards, heading for the north of the Snow Empire.

Along the way, the silly dog was constantly leaning against Lang Yong's body, like a plaster made of dog skin, and acting cute. Lang Yong was repeatedly giggling, and her eyes and brows were restored with a hint of a pretty expression unique to a young girl.

Old Fish, on the other hand, completely changed from his normal self. He sat there before the door of the Divine Palace, hugging his knees, like a curious baby, while gazing out into the landscape of Heaven Wasteland and clicking his tongue in amazement.

There were special arrangements and considerations for this trip, so Ye Qingyu did not deliberately cover the trail of the Light Palace, and instead floated over the clouds with a slight intention of showing its power.

An hour passed in a twinkling.

Wei City in the province of Qing Luan was already in sight.

Ye Qingyu stood at the door of the Light Palace, releasing his divine sense to overlook the entire territories of Wei City.

Wei City could also be regarded as the hometown of Ye Qingyu.

That year, when Ye Qingyu was still a third grade Marquis, he went to the Snow capital to report, and his first visit to Wei City was to find Sentinel Liao Tian's family, bury his body, repay his kindness, and comfort his family.

More than a year had passed since then. He did not know how Liao Tian and his family was doing.

The eyes of Sentinel Liao Tian and several other sentinels when they risked their life without the slightest hesitation in order to stall for time once again appeared in his mind.

After a few moments.

The Light Palace was firmly settled above the clouds ten miles outside of Wei City.

Although the Light Palace was different from ordinary formation airships and did not need to be constrained by the rules of imperial flying battleship, Ye Qingyu still followed the laws of the empire and did not place the Light Palace within the borders of Wei City

Gao Qiu went ahead to report to the city.

Meanwhile, Old Fish and the silly dog, ever since they entered the boundaries of Wei City, had gone missing. Ye Qingyu was accustomed to the behaviour of those two ‘scourges’. He was not in the slightest worried about what difficulties they would encounter. But he was always vigilant to the fact that he may need to clean up after their mess.

He walked all the way towards the Wei City gate with Lang Yong and Luo Yi, as well as a few other armoured soldiers.

After ten minutes.

Gao Qiu together with the Lord of Wei City, Fan Deyuan, the patrol battalion commander Guan Shandu and other people personally came out of the city to greet them at the city gate.

The current Wei City had changed drastically.

After the battle of the Light City, the means of how the authorities of the imperial court restored the Snow empire to good condition could be described as thunderous. The force with which they enacted changed was unstoppable.

The Wu family that had been operating in Wei City for several years, finally, as a result of the evil that they had committed over the years, was the first to be denounced publicly for their crimes.

About half a year ago, there was a written imperial order in the Snow capital. The Wu family instantly fell from power and the Wu residence was thoroughly investigated. The original city Lord Wu Guanxiong, the official registrar Wu Boxiong and other officials that had committed crimes that involved the Snow empire’s military and government were exiled to the Northwest frontier.

Fan Deyuan was the new Lord of Wei City.

In the face of the renowned Lord of the Light Palace, it was natural that the newly appointed officials in Wei City were trembling in fear and afraid to show any disrespect or carelessness.

After an exchange of conventional greetings, Ye Qingyu handed over some other important affairs for Fan Deyuan and Guan Shandu to deal with. Then, with Luo Yi, Gao Qi, and other people, he hid his identity, dressing like travellers, and entered into the city.

The natural environment was excellent, rich in natural resources, and business exchanges were happening continuously in the city. It was bustling with noise and excitement, restaurants and shops were joined closely together like the scales of a fish, and pedestrians were constantly brushing shoulders. It seemed that under the management of the new City Lord, everything appeared to be more orderly, everyone were living in peace and working happily.

Ye Qingyu was intentionally stalling for time, therefore he quickly found a simple teahouse and sat by the window and took a little rest.

Suddenly there was a clamour coming from outside the teahouse.

The several figures simultaneously looked through the window into the street outside the teahouse.

“Shopkeeper Liu, you... lend me some more money, please... lend some more...” A beggar in rags and with unkempt hair was grabbing a purple-robed middle-aged merchant with a six petal-like skullcap.

The middle-aged businessman had his back facing Ye Qingyu and the others as he hurried forward, shouting in a sharp voice, “Hey hey... quickly let go, think about how much money you owe me. If it were not for the past relationship between you and I, I would have found someone to chase up the debt. Yet you're not happy and dare to ask me to lend you money again. If you do not let go, I'll make you pay me back all the money you owe me and more!

The unkempt beggar's hands immediately bounced off of the merchant's sleeves like it received an electric shock. He dispiritedly slumped on the street, as the passersby and vendors pointed at him.

“Is that not the Wu residence's second son Wu Xi!”

“Haha... Karma!”

“I heard that after the Wu family's mansion was searched and their possessions confiscated, that Wu Xi was going to be executed, but his father begged and begged, donated his family property, volunteered to the station at the border, and enter into the cannon fodder camp, only for him to live. The tyrant of Wei City is now living in a horse stable at Donkey Tail Alley.”

“The fortune's wheel is always turning, he reaped what he sowed.”

“Humph, this kind of person is only dirtying the streets.”

“Right! Hurry and leave! You’re preventing us from doing business!”

“Get out of here, get out! Don't make me get a broom to kick you away!” “

Upon hearing all of this, a fierce scowl formed across Wu Xi's face, but he was only strong in appearance and weak in reality. A few vendors lifted up their broom and circled around him.

In panic, he immediately lowered his head and bowed his body, and scurried toward the end of the street in the direction of Donkey Tail Alley, gradually disappearing from everyone's line of sight.

Ye Qingyu gently stroked the white porcelain teacup with his index finger, looking out of the window at the gradually scattering crowd in a trance.

He did not expect the evil Gongzi would eventually end up this way.

Evil will eventually be requited with evil.

When Luo Yi, Lang Yong and others saw that he was sitting there silently, also quietly drank tea and did not utter a word..

An hour later.

Qin Chun Street.

A golden plaque of ‘[The Four Seas Merchant Company]’ hung high in front of a three-storey shop.

At the entrance to the shop were several kind-looking staff who were handing out rice and grains, and a long line of poor people were waiting to collect a bag of shining white flour and rice

When Ye Qingyu saw the scene in front of him, he again recalled what he had heard from the customers in the teashop: the [Four Seas Merchant Company] often did good and charitable deeds. A hint of a relieved smile crossed his face as he gently nodded.

The Liao family had maintained their simple and honest nature.

At the same time.

“Yes... could it be... is it... Lord Ye!”

At the shop door, a middle-aged man clad in a wide square hat and brown silk robes suddenly lit up when he saw Ye Qingyu, showing a look of disbelief and excitement.

He immediately put down what he was doing and darted towards Ye Qingyu and the others.

The man was the older brother of Sentinel Liao Tian——Liao Ri.

“Pays... pays respect to Lord Ye!” Liao Ri's voice trembled with excitement as he hurriedly bowed down before Ye Qingyu.

Behind the shop counter, because of a moment of excitement, Liao Xiongyi and his wife’s eyes brimmed with tears, and their footsteps staggered.

But the bright and beautiful Liao Cui dashed over to support them, and the three trotted toward Ye Qingyu and knelt down behind Lio Ri, “Lord Ye... excuse me for not going out to meet you...”

“No need to be polite.” Ye Qingyu gently lifted his right hand and the several figures opposite him were instantly pulled up by an invisible force.

It was noon.

Liao Xiongyi's family of four held a banquet at the Four Seas restaurant affiliated to the [Four Seas Merchant Company] to welcome Ye Qingyu and the other people he was with, and also as a formal thanks to Ye Qingyu for saving them.

As they were drinking, Ye Qingyu learned that Liao Xiongyi had handed over the [Four Seas Merchant Company] to Liao Ri. Liao Ri was an intelligent and outstanding man, not only had he expanded the [Four Seas Merchant Company] into the largest one within thousands of miles, he had also actively engaged in charity, giving material assistance to the poorer villages within and out of the border of Wei City, and opened up many free martial arts halls and studies.

Liao Cui, on the otherh and, ever since that year, had been practicing diligently. Although her talent was not high, she was hardworking, and was now also a 10 Spirit spring martial artist.

Coupled with the Liao family's strong family background and her beautiful appearance, the beloved daughter of the [Four Seas Merchant Company], had many outstanding admirers.

After the lunch banquet.

Ye Qingyu and the others got up and took their leave.

Passing Wei City and visiting old friends were not the fundamental purpose of his trip. After visiting the Liao family, they left the city and returned to the Light Palace.

Just as they set foot through the door of the Divine Palace, the silly dog and Old Fish ran back panting. Their mouths were still stained with glistening grease, and a strong smell of alcohol was lingering on their breaths.

Luckily, they did not cause any trouble...

Ye Qingyu looked at the two figures sprawled out on their backs, dozing off to sleep, and helplessly smiled. The Divine Palace suddenly lifted off and continued northward.

The next stop was the place that Ye Qingyu most wanted to go.

Deer City.

That was Ye Qingyu's real hometown——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 644:


Chapter 662, The people of Deer City

A few days later.

The sunset clouds floated in the sky, casting a blush colour that stained the horizon of the northern frontier.

The gradually splitting clouds revealed the trail of the Light Palace which had crossed the Deer Mountain Range and came to stop in the mid air of ten miles outside Deer City.

This trip to visit the Human Race territory of Heaven Wasteland Domain was originally to show his power. Therefore, along the way, under the control of Ye Qingyu, the Light Palace was traveling slowly. Before it had landed, news had completely spread everywhere. It had caught the attention of all, news of their arrival trembling the earth.

Finally, the Light Palace came to a halt.

Standing with hands clasped behind his back in front of the Divine Palace door, Ye Qingyu overlooked the familiar town in the distance with a faint smile on his face.

Behind him, Lang Yong, who had always been calm as a frozen rock, finally revealed a tinge of excitement on her face.

For them, if the Snow capital was said to be a majestic and imposing giant, then Deer City was a gentle and loving mother.

Drifting back to the embrace of their hometown after a long time, even if the surroundings were miserably cold, there was still a comfortable feeling like the spring breeze rippling in their heart.

Especially Lang Yong. In order to establish the Two River Gang back then, she had to leave Deer City. She had never been back to see her older brother.

“Go ahead,” Ye Qingyu said without turning his head back.

“Yes, Little Lord!” Lang Yong smiled, her figure flashing off.

The next moment.

A flowing shadow like a pale blue gauze was drifting towards the city.

……

Outside the Northern city gate.

Boom boom boom!

After three ceremonial firings of a cannon!

On a hundred meter square ceremony platform on both sides of the city gate there were gongs and drums playing and a dozen of people were singing and dancing.

A ceremonial squad of hundreds and nearly thousands of people were drumming simultaneously, marching orderly forward in the direction of Ye Qingyu and the others.

The squad was led by a few people, all dressed in armour and luxurious clothes, and a smiling welcoming face. It was the Lord of the city, Qin Ying and the four military leaders, as well as representatives of the other officials and noble clans and families.

After receiving the news from Lang Yong, which shook the Deer City, as the Lord of the city, Qin Ying did not dare to show the slightest disrespect. He immediately organized the largest scale welcoming ceremony. In fact, the entire Deer City had been looking forward to this day for a long, long time. Ever since the establishment of the Snow Empire, there had not been any one impressive that originated from Deer City. The only thing for them to be proud of was the White Deer Academy. Unfortunately for them, White Deer Academy was only the last in the top ten academies of Snow Empire.

The emergence of Ye Qingyu was clearly a complete reversal of all this.

Their hometown was able to bring up such a legendary person. All citizens of the Deer City were incredibly proud. During the time of nearly one year, whenever a citizen of Deer City traveled to other places, at the mention of their hometown, they immediately won a lot of venerable gazes.

Every person of the Deer City was like a parent, anticipating the return of their proudest son, looking forward to the day when Ye Qingyu come back to Deer City again.

After waiting for so long, such a day had finally arrived.

City Lord Qin Ying did not deliberately keep the news a secret. He instead issued a notice right away.

As a result, the entire Deer City was bubbling with excitement.

The whole city came to welcome the legendary hero.

At a glance, the sea of people was like the torrents of spring.

“Deer City Lord Qin Ying led the officials and nobles of the city to welcome the Lord of the Light Palace,” Qin Ying bowed down respectfully.

The last time Ye Qingyu came to Deer City, he was just a third grade Marquis who had performed outstanding military service, and did not need Qin Ying, who was similarly a Marquis, to bow down. But right now, Ye Qingyu was already one of the few people standing at the top of the power pyramid in the Empire——Not only was his status several times higher than that of Qin Ying, even in prestige and strength, Qin Ying was far behind him. Therefore at this time Qin Ying was perfectly willing to bow down.

Che!

The several officials and powerful men behind him, as well as the hundreds of mighty guards, also simultaneously bowed down.

“Welcome Lord Ye to return home with honour!” voices resounded across the sky.

Moon white robe fluttering with the wind, black hair flowing like a waterfall, Ye Qingyu slowly walked down the platform steps, raising his right hand gently.

“Everybody, you don't have to do this, get up quickly.”

The thousands of people were immediately pulled up by a burst of soft wind in the air.

“Lord Ye's martial arts are indeed unrivalled!”

“A few years have passed, and Lord Ye has become more and more extraordinary handsome!”

The several aristocrats and officials felt the vast power that lifted them up. With an astonished look across their faces, they immediately cupped one fist in the other and began to compliment Lord Ye.

“Lord Qin, thanks for the effort.” Clad in a white robe and with an immortal-like aura, Ye Qingyu nodded to Qin Ying.

“Palace Lord is too polite, this is what subordinate should do,” Qin Ying hastily said.

In truth, at this moment, Qin Ying felt as if he had woken up into a dream.

A few years ago, Ye Qingyu was just an orphan in his administrative region. Even if he had later entered White Deer Academy with his impressive abilities, but at that time, Ye Qingyu was still only an unimportant and insignificant person to Qin Ying. Even his son Qin Wushuang could suppress Ye Qingyu in the academy. But now, this incredible young man was standing at the pinnacle of the entire domain.

At this time, Qin Ying was rejoicing and thankful that back then he did not go too far, and did not become complete enemies with Ye Qingyu. Otherwise the Qin family’s fate would have ended up similar to the Wu family of Wei City.

With this thought, Qin Ying smiled, immediately directed the guards to separate to either side, and personally led the way for Ye Qingyu and others.

On the way to the city, the formation lanterns on both sides of the street were draped with red decorations, and both sides of the street was packed with people coming to see and greet Ye Qingyu. There was a huge crowd of people, endless cheers, and each and every face was beaming with joy.

After entering the city, Old Fish was evidently not used to such scenes and nobles constantly throwing compliments. He pinched the silly dog with two fingers, and with a flash, the two figures disappeared to the back of the crowd.

Deer City was also the hometown of the silly dog.

He was also very familiar with the place, like a fish back in water. Ye Qingyu simply ignored them both and let them go.

After walking down two more blocks.

Ye Qingyu and his party respectfully declined the banquet that Qin Ying and others had arranged, waved to the crowd, and hurriedly headed toward the direction of the Ye residence.

The entrance of Ye Residence.

Red lights were hanging high, and flowers covered both sides of the steps, making the Ye residence appeared particularly warm and bright under the dim light of night.

The fragrance of flowers wafted along the street of the Ye residence with the breeze.

It was obvious that news of his arrival had been received long ago.

Suddenly on the steps was a woman in a long blue dress and with a light layer of face powder. Her eyes lit up at the sight of Ye Qingyu.

“Big brother Qingyu!”

Clad in a deep green battle skirt and soft silver hedgehog armour was a beautiful and graceful girl suddenly exclaiming out loud, darting toward the end of the street.

“Brother Qingyu, you've come back...” The maiden, like a cute rabbit, threw herself into Ye Qingyu's arms, and affectionately rubbed her fair blushing cheeks against Ye Qingyu's lapel.

“Little Grass, haha, to think you have grown so tall...” Ye Qingyu gently brushed Little Grass' hair with a doting smiling expression.

“Finally came back...” The woman behind her was choking with emotions and her steps were hurried.

“Aunt Lan...” Ye Qingyu looked at the gentle smile of Aunt Lan that was quickly followed by two streams of tears gushing from her eyes, which flashed a hint of imperceptible excitement.

More than a year ago, the news from the Snow capital was that Ye Qingyu was wounded by the Divine Lightning during the Battle of the Light Palace. He was weak and dying, and later disappeared without a trace. These days, Aunt Lan was constantly hearing about the youngster who she treated like her child

Now, seeing him unharmed standing in front of her, more handsome than before, how could she not be in tears?

Ye Qingyu gently comforted Aunt Lan, and then together headed into the Ye residence.

The main hall of the Ye residence.

“Young master!” Clothed in a long brown robe, Tang San was directing the servant to take care of the banquet dishes. His eyes lit up in joy when he saw the several figures walk through the door, and immediately scurried over to pay his respects.

Ye Qingyu nodded slightly.

Tang San, who had honed himself for a period of time, was increasingly intelligent-looking, handsome, and elegant, just like a young master. His every movement gave off the feeling of a person occupying a leading position. It seemed that after coming back from the Dugu Merchant Company, he had gained an understanding on the way to do business.

In the hall there was also a graceful, jade-faced middle-aged man, quietly standing there smiling at Ye Qingyu.

“Dean Hon,” Ye Qingyu gave a cupped fist salute.

“Hahaha... not bad, not bad... boy, you’ve finally come back.” Hon Kong brushed his long beard, nodded at Ye Qingyu, gratified.

Everyone was seated, endless delicious food was being brought out, and the wine was flowing freely.

Bursts of laughter and cries of joy sounded from the brightly lit Ye residence.

During the banquet.

Dean Hon informed Ye Qingyu of the situation changes of the powerful officials and nobles.

After the Battle of the Light Palace, as far as the northwest frontier of Deer City also went through a thorough a clean up. The military officials that interfered were severely punished, and since then, although Qin Ying was still the City Lord of Deer City, his style of work was a lot more low profile. Some of the city's system had also been adjusted and improved to be beneficial to the citizens.

Qing Ying’s second son Qin Wushuang was enlisted into the Northwest corps, started from a little soldier and had achieved great military successes. He had been promoted to deputy general of the left front line battalion.

Ye Qingyu certainly knew what Hon Kong’s intention of informing him of the changes of Deer City was.

After understanding the situation, he then asked about White Deer Academy.

“Hahaha, thanks to you!” Speaking of this, Hon Kong burst into a proud, hearty laughter.

It turned out that since Ye Qingyu had revived the Light Palace, and had been placed in high esteem by the Snow Empire, and especially after his strength had won the status of the War God of Heaven Wasteland Domain, his fame had spread and shook the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain. In turn, the White Deer Academy that had cultivated such a powerful person, also subsequently rose in fame. As a result, many youngsters of other provinces and towns had come to study at White Deer Academy due to its reputation.

In the past few years, under the leadership of Hon Kong, coupled with a steady stream of material support and assistance from the Snow Empire’s imperial court, there had been many talents coming from White Deer Academy. Among the fame of the top ten academies, it had won overwhelmingly and it was already beginning to show signs that it was the top of all the other academies.

Ye Qingyu was also deeply gladdened to hear these words, nodding his head——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

