Chapter 441:


Chapter 461, Obstruct

Li Changkong was from an aristocratic family background. Although he had been reduced to poverty, but he was more informed than the general people. He more or less knew about many things in the Imperial capital.

Ye Qingyu lightly nodded in reply.

Right Minister’s residence?

As he had guessed, today’s battle was absolutely related to the Right Minister’s residence.

Among the entire Imperial capital, a person that can hide the sky with one hand caused such a big disturbance, yet there were no Imperial Guards of the Imperial family and military forces intervening. The only person possessing such large powers, besides the Right Minister, the person above millions of people and below one person, who else could it be?

He just did not think that the plot would be uncovered now?

The Right Minister unexpectedly sent out even his trusted aides, was he really planning to expose himself now?

What he had done, hasn’t he already gone past the line of the Imperial family?

Why had the Snow Emperor still not appeared to obstruct them?

……

Imperial ancestral land.

At the back courtyard of a temple.

A long-eyebrowed monk was standing in an eight-level Buddhist stupa tower. A hint of anger was on his face, his eyes bright like a sword. He was looking at a slim middle-aged scholar clad in a blue silk robe, saying irritably, “Qin Lin, how dare you obstruct me?”

The slim middle-aged scholar lightly smiled, stroking his long beard, “Since you have abdicated and became a monk, why call yourself majesty? Are you reluctant to leave this world, unable to abandon the worldly affairs? This was not Your Majesty’s heart and will back then.”

The monk glared at him, saying, “If you call me Your Majesty, why can’t I say I am?”

“Ha ha ha, that is right.” The slim middle-aged man smiled and said, “I am too small-minded, but Your Majesty have retired for decades, and the throne had been passed to the Crown Prince. You claimed you need to cultivate the mind and study Buddhist doctrine, yet I haven’t seen you in years but your temper is just as bad. It seems that Your Majesty have not been studying Buddhist doctrine and cultivating the mind.”

“Cultivating the mind does not mean extinguishing anger.” Between the monk’s forehead, there was a faint majesty of an Emperor. “I have not hit someone in 50 years, Mister Qin, you were the most distinguished person of the righteous path back then, the heavenly sword of the correct path’s endless peaks. Since you were of the righteous path sects, you naturally should understand how the laws of the heaven flows. You should understand just what you are doing today, and whether it is truly right or wrong. I urge you to move aside. Do not make a mistake and force me to get violent.”

“The righteous path sects? The five endless peaks back then were just empty words, were they not all destroyed by Your Majesty’s army, and became like stray dogs? Now, there is no sense of righteousness in my heart, only resentment... I want to experience Your Majesty’s [True Dragon Imperial Fist] that shook Heaven Wasteland. I hope your Majesty will enlighten me.”

Mister Qin wore a faint smile, not retreating an inch.

Between the monk’s brows, there suddenly was an incomparably overbearing aura diffusing out. A bright light shot out from his eyes like swords. “Good, since you have become depraved, killing you is not considered unlawful killing.”

When he finished, a yellow true dragon came roaring out from between his eyebrows, directly trying to swallow Mister Qin.

The fist intent of the [True Dragon Imperial Fist] had instantly erupted.

Mister Qin laughed. “A hundred years has past, yet your Majesty is still as impressive as before.” As he spoke, a sword emerged in his hand. The back of the sword was a silver red, the blade red as blood. He administered a backhand slash, shattering the yellow true dragon fist intent.

“Beheading Dragon Sword?” The old monk’s eyes were flashing.

Mister Qin’s right hand was clasping the sword, his left index and middle fingers lightly wiping the body of the sword, when the sword light extinguished, flickering. “The North has the Heavenly sword, the wielder can behead the dragon. Your majesty is the true dragon son of the Heavens, which means that you will most likely fall under this Beheading Dragon Sword.”

The Monk gave a heroic smile, “You wasted so much time to find this sword, it seems you have been planning this for a long while, but your plan of killing me, is nothing but wishful thinking.”

His words finished.

The dragon-shaped fist intent of the [True Dragon Imperial Fist] broke out.

A number of yellow true dragons were sent spiralling out, like the true dragon war god had descended, incomparably powerful.

“Your Majesty, why don’t we change to another battlefield, I think that Your Majesty do not want this Imperial ancestral land to be demolished in the battle between you and me?” Mister Qin said with a tone of scornful indifference.

Monk’s forehead was showing anger once again.

He was thinking of the fact that he was able to move unhindered in the city in the past. His powers had once trembled the Heaven Wasteland Domain, when had he ever been like he was today, and be controlled by someone?

“Fine, at the peak of the Ninth Heaven, I will kill you, and end the Heavenly Sword Sect.” The monk’s voice faded, his body transforming into a yellow red light, shooting upwards in the blink of the eye, and disappearing in the depths of the sky.

Mr. Qin smiled and followed.

……

“Lin Zheng told you to come?”

Among the dim space, a tall and burly body slowly got up, looking at the young scholar in front, there was a strange light flowing within his eyes. Within the entire space, powers were surging like raging tides, that made one’s heart palpitate.

The young scholar’s hand was holding a roll of bamboo scroll, mouth curving into a smile, bowing as he said. “Sinful subject Yu Xianjue meets Snow Emperor.”

“Yu Xianjue? The [Heavenly Book] of the [Book, Sword, Tea, Wine and Flower] Righteous path’s five endless peaks during the era of sects?” The tone of the burly figure sounded slightly astonished. “Didn’t expect Lin Zheng to rope in people like you, that’s surprising indeed.”

“I wouldn’t say rope in, it’s just a matter of each gets what he wants.” Yu Xianjue smiled. “Thanks to the Snow Empire, my [Heavenly Book Pavilion] sect was destroyed, leaving me like a lonely ghost, wandering around. The Snow Empire is as powerful as the sky, to want revenge is impossible by myself, but since the Right Minister also wants to extinguish the Snow Empire, we share a common goal.”

“Share a common goal... to destroy the Snow Empire?” The Snow Emperor’s burly body stepped forward, like a stormy wave rolling over.

He laughed. “I heard that the [Heavenly Book] Yu Xianjue of the righteous path’s five endless peaks, [Book, Sword, Tea, Wine and Flower], is well-educated, and also the most open-minded and righteous. 100 years have past, and you also saw that, under the rule of the Snow Empire, the Human Race have become strong and flourishing. In the south, we are constantly expanding the territory south to the southern waters, so much so that the Hurricane Wave Demon Court does not even dare to take a breath. In the West, the Brute Race had not stepped one step out of the desert. In the East, the Northeast Black Mountain White Waters Brute Race is no longer as powerful as before. In the North, the Snow Ground Demon Court is not even able to completely rule the blizzard ice field. Our Human Race resides in Human Wasteland Domain’s most vast and fertile land, the people have been living peacefully for a hundred years, and their strength have been improving greatly. This is all due to the Snow Empire creating a period of prosperity. Don’t tell me Mister Yu does not see all this?”

Yu Xianjue slightly bowed his head, not knowing what to say.

Because what the Snow Emperor had said was the truth.

Back then, during the era of sects there was no peace and people lived on the edge of starvation, there were blood and bones everywhere. The Human Race massacred one another, and it was almost as tragic as being ruled by the other races. In these hundred years, the Snow Empire united the Human Race. Wherever the army went, the other races were left trembling, it was indeed a sign of the Human Race’s strength.

His appearance today, obstructing the Snow Emperor from regaining control of the overall situation and resolving the crisis of the [Light Palace], was indeed harming the Human Race and in favour of the other races, but...

“I, Yu Xianjue come from a poor background and was abandoned by my parents,. In the depth of winter I was almost frozen to death in the wilderness. It was master who rescued me, raised me, and taught me martial arts. [Heavenly Book Pavilion] was like my home, but was crushed by the Imperial Army. Master and all the senior and junior brothers were killed. As a disciple, if I do not avenge them, how can I live in this world?” Yu Xianjue was silent for a long while, before he raised his head and continued. “In these hundred years, there was not one night that I could sleep soundly. I had countless times dreamt of Master and the senior and junior brothers with blood across their face, and dreamt of... avenging my family. I cannot forget, and I also cannot retreat.”

Finally, on Yu Xianjue’s face, although there was a wisp of shame, but there was determination in his eyes.

“For family, you abandon righteousness.” Snow Emperor shook his head, “Idiot, ignorant!”

Yu Xianjue said in a most resolute tone, “Your Majesty no need to say anything more. Death is nothing, please enlighten me.”

Snow Emperor pondered for a while, he knew that this person was determined to obstruct him. Known as one of the righteous path’s five endless peaks back then, Yu Xianjue’s strength should not be underestimated. If he did not exert his full strength, he could not win against this opponent. If he wanted to stabilize the overall situation, he could only...

“Lets go to the peak of the Ninth Heaven for a battle.” The Snow Emperor casually drew across in the void and a pitch-black crack appeared.

He stepped in with one of his feet and his figure flashed away.

Yu Xianjue followed, stepping in.

The void crack soon vanished.

……

……

At the same time.

The residence of the Apex Prince.

In a secret chamber, there was a white candle flickering lightly, much duller than half an hour before.

But on the other side, Golden Summit Prince Yu Feiyan looked as though he had obtained new life.

His blood and qi became as strong and unfathomable as the oceans, a terrifying force tumbling around his body. An overbearing aura was filling the entire Chamber of Secrets, and his eyes under his sword-like brows were shooting out a beam of light, like a divine sword, like a tangible object, at the wall of the secret chamber, immediately triggering the rippling of light. The light net of hidden formation on the wall was frantically flashing.

The formation that was known to isolate experts of the Ascending Heaven stage had almost collapsed at Yu Feiyan’s gaze.

“First refine your inner strength, slowly accept it,” The white candle flickered, voice sounding exhausted. “Your newly obtained strength cannot be used fully yet.”

Yu Feiyan’s face was full of excitement and joy. He opened his arms wide and slightly closed his eyes, exclaiming, “This is the power of the peak of the Ascending Heaven? Hahaha, wonderful... This powerful feeling, it is too wonderful, ahhaha, goodbye Lin Zheng you old fool, I can kill him in one blow.”

“Don’t underestimate any one of your opponents,” the white candle tone warned in a serious tone.

“Hahaha, I know, I know... What’s the situation at the [Light Palace]? Is it time for me to clean the mess up?” Yu Feiyan uttered loudly, the entire secret chamber shaking.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 442:


Chapter 462, White Tiger Armour

“I’ve just received the news that those two people of the Snow Empire were obstructed by people sent out by Lin Zheng, and won’t be able to leave for at least a day.” The white wax candle flickered, drops of wax flowing down, its tone was more serious than before. “It’s not a suitable time for you to appear now. After all, Lin Zheng has many forces. He controls almost the entire Imperial capital. He had painstakingly planned this for many years, just to strike a blow today. If you openly attacked, we do not have the slightest chance. He is in the light, we’re in the dark, and this is our advantage. You do not have to, because of the fact that you have gained strength, be momentarily impulsive, which could cause all of our work to go to waste.”

Yu Feiyan raised his sword-like brow, as though he had something to say, but eventually held his mouth.

……

Right Minister’s residence.

In the back courtyard garden.

Someone was rushing over to report, “Minister, Mister Yu and Mister Qin have acted according to the plan, and the two people have been stalled.”

The skinny old man nodded, smiled, took the hot towel from the maid’s hand, wiped his neck, casually threw the towel back to the maid, and said to a person clad entirely in black, “See? You do not have to worry.”

“Good. Well, it seems that you still abided by our agreement. There is now only two hours till the opening of the domain passage. In these two hours, you must break into the [Light Palace]. You know what I mean, Lin Zheng.” From the shadow of the black-robed person, came a gloomy voice.

Who was this person that dared call Lin Zheng by his name, and the tone of voice was like a command, it was shocking.

But Lin Zheng seemed to have been accustomed to it, and did not care too much as he replied, “Haha, the power of the [Light Palace] has been completely removed, you do not have to worry. At this time it is just an empty shell, just another hour and we will win, I will personally lead the attack myself.”

As he was speaking, he signalled to the personal guards standing outside the garden.

The personal guards immediately answered and turned away.

Returned in a flash.

The four personal guards came back carrying a tiger-headed beast bone giant box.

“The [White Tiger Armour]. After so many years, it is time to use it again.” Lin Zheng’s voice sounded a bit emotional. He pricked his fingertip, dropping a drop of blood onto the tiger head beast bone box.

Blood dripped in between the white tiger’s head, rapidly penetrating.

The next moment, the tiger head was moving by a strange force, the closely shut tiger eyes suddenly shot open, the boxed snapped open, and a mass of black light and shadow instantaneously gushed out, directly enveloping the Right Minister.

“Don’t forget our agreement.”

In the halo came the voice of Right Minister Lin Zheng.

……

……

Above the [Light Palace].

Half of the dozens of arrows on fatty’s back had been shot out.

“Why are you hiding? If you have the courage then come take one of my arrows.”

“You cheat, you used a fan to block my arrows.”

“Little loach, don’t run...”

Ah ah ah ah, stop, I won’t shoot you, I’m very tired, let’s make an agreement to not fight for now and rest for a while.”

“Hey, I secretly shot an arrow from behind... unfortunately, you dodged it.”

Throughout the battle, fatty was chattering nonstop and constantly yelling, vividly displaying his true shameless nature. It was a life-and-death confrontation, but he made it look like a complete joke.

The jade-faced scholar was holding a mouthful of blood in his mouth and did not spit it out, he had never seen such a shameless opponent.

But this fatty’s archery skills was really terrifying as well as incomparably strange. Each arrow contained a mighty power. Once the jade-faced scholar tried to use his folding fan to block the fatty’s arrow attack, he completely put away the thought of blocking directly and only moved about constantly, waiting for the chance to counterattack.

For any archer, close combat was a nightmare.

But fatty was an exception.

Every time the jade-faced scholar came near, fatty would whirl up the long bow in his hand and dance.

It seemed disorderly, but in fact was an invulnerable defense, and the jade faced scholar unexpectedly failed to attack.

And the other side.

The old man seemed much more troubled.

His rotten vine armour was more than half destroyed, and the withered wooden staff in his hand had snapped into two. Although one-armed divine nun only had one arm, her silver horsetail whisk was comparable to having a thousand arms like the Thousand-hand Bodhisattva, pressuring the old man to the point that he was panting.

“Damn old nun.” The withered wood old man roared with fear and anger, “I should have killed you then.”

One-armed divine nun’s expression was biting-cold. She did not say a word, her silver horsetail whisk containing infinite murderous intents. The strands of silver thread were transforming into an inescapable net, approaching from all sides, trapping the withered wood old man in the middle.

A hundred years ago, the head of the Qing Dao Sect plotted against divine nun, and attacked her sect. It was the withered wood old man who had cut off divine nun’s arm. To meet again was destined, but what the withered wood old man didn’t expect was that the old nun who had lost her arm had improved to such a frightening degree and was far superior to him.

“Horsetail whisk silver heart, heavenly net purgatory... kill!”

Old nun bellowed, and in the void were strands of the silver horsetail whisk spreading across the sky, extending infinitely, in a criss-cross pattern, like a giant net, shrouding the sky and ground. The sharp sword-like silver threads were surrounding the old man from all sides, and all of a sudden full murderous intent was overflowing.

The withered wood man’s face was so frightened, that he was too slow to react, trapped in the net of silver threads that was shrinking.

“You... You...” It was only then that he was aware that, in this pas hundred years, this old nun’s strength had actually far exceeded that of himself by several times. She most likely had already completely entered the Ascending Heaven stage, but was deliberately suppressing her strength, waiting for him to slip up, and then kill him in one move?”

“A Hundred years of enmity, ends with this... die!”

The one-armed divine nun did not hold back, the horsetail whisk erupted out with a brilliance, sword-like strands of thread sliced the withered wood old man’s body into several pieces, and then instantaneously evaporated into ashes, completely disappearing in the air.

Where the withered wood old man’s body disappeared, there were several specks of light flashing and falling down.

It was a mustard-coloured bracelet and an interdimensional spirit tool.

Thousands of silver threads of the horsetail whisk flashed, transforming into a white palm, absorbing all the specks of light.

“Amitabha!”

The one-armed divine nun’s placed her hand on her chest as she murmured, light scattering from her body.

An amazing scene happened shortly after. Her broken left arm was suddenly growing, the colour of blood spreading across, producing crackling and rattling, and sounds of bones twisting, and then bright red flesh and white bones were growing at a speed visible to the naked eye. In less than three or four seconds, a new arm had regenerated.

There was not the slightest expression of surprise on one-armed divine nun’s face.

Once the blood and qi of a Bitter Sea expert reaches a certain level, one can initiate the regeneration of limbs. She had entered the Ascending Heaven stage for so many years, but the reason that her arm had not regrown was because of the importance of cause and effect in Buddhist teachings. If she did not kill the person that slashed off her arm, then she would not initiate the regrowth of her arm. Also, withered wood old man was indeed strong back then, he cut off her arm and poisoned her with a poison of the Qing Dao Sect, and it became very difficult for divine nun to regenerate her arm.

But now, since the culprit, withered wood old man, had been killed, then the arising and cessation of cause and effect, and the regeneration of an arm was just one thought away.

She stretched out her new arm, and the mustard bracelet as well as the interdimensional storage tool all fell into her hands.

Since the withered wood old man had died, the divine prohibition on these objects had vanished like smoke in thin air, and other prohibition formations were also instantaneously broken under divine nun’s powerful strength. She took a quick scan at the things inside.

Withered wood old man, who had been concealed in the Right Minister’s residence for so many years, was of an extremely high status and incomparably wealthy. The spaces inside the bracelet and treasures were storing many more rare objects. There was an abundance of valuable possessions, but divine nun merely swept her eye over the objects, and was tempted by nothing, until she finally took out a lavender-coloured scroll from inside of  the mustard bracelet.

On the leaf seal of the scroll, wrote several ancient symbols——

[Viewing the Ways of the World Scripture].

It was the lost knowledge [Viewing the Ways of the World Scripture] of the Qing Dao Sect.

She flicked open the scroll and skimmed through, and finally cracked a smile, nodding, turning into a stream of light, and disappearing in the sky.

……

“Master!”

Bai Yuqing exclaimed.

The one-armed divine nun turned to stream of light, landing at her side.

“Master, your arm has healed?” Bai Yuqing cheered aloud.

Divine nun nodded, then passed the scroll over. “I didn’t expect that withered wood old man to actually have the manuscript of [Viewing the Ways of the World Scripture]. I have taken a look inside, the content is not fake. Qing’er, by cultivating following this scripture, it can solve the problems of your body.”

Bai Yuqing, both startled and pleasantly surprised, carefully received the scroll, “Master, your kindness, Qing’er will never forget. Master, please accept my bow of gratitude.”

The divine nun assisted her up, her face filled with a benevolent smile. “My Great Desolate Divine Palace only passes on it’s teaching for one person, so the requirements for a successor is extremely strict. In the past, your father had once given me a meal so I owe him a debt. Your talent is also greatly related to the Great Desolate Divine Palace. I watched you grow up, so you are like my own daughter. Quickly get up.”

To be able to find [Viewing the Ways of the World Scripture] had taken a load of divine nun’s mind.

The instant the scroll was handed to Bai Yuqing, the divine nun felt a sudden unrepressed feeling in her chest, as if a blockage had been unblocked. A sort of comprehension rushed to her head, and her cultivation that had not broken through to the next stage in so many years, had signs that it was ready to move.

Just then——

Swoosh!

A beam of white light flitted across the sky, like the sun swiftly patrolling the vast sky, lighting up the entire Imperial Capital, and darting over in the direction of the [Light Palace].

The divine nun’s complexion suddenly changed.

“Is that... [White Tiger Armour]? The most outstanding genius of the Lin family in history is personally appearing?” The divine nun was utterly surprised.

“Master, What is [White Tiger Armour]?” Bai Yuqing had never seen such a drastic change of expression from her master.

“A treasured weapon of Heaven Wasteland Domain, also one of the six divine weapons of the current Heaven Wasteland Domain...” Divine nun muttered, the look of shock had not yet faded from her face. She continued mumbling, “The [Light Palace] this time, would really have some trouble...”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 443:


463 - The appearance of the Right Minister



"Haha, little obedient, quickly come over. I've already seen through you... don't run, let me shoot at you."

The fatty was like a gust of wind or heavy rain. In a breath, he had managed to shoot all the arrows in the quiver behind his back out.

The arrows were like lightning in the air, making the opponent have no time to receive them.

The jade-faced scholar did not dare to be careless. His footwork was demonstrated to it's extreme, like a flitting shadow, he constantly evaded every projectile.

But as the vulgar and treacherous loud laughter of the fatty rang, the rain of arrows that was throughout the air had a change. One arrow turned into two, two arrows turned into four, the arrow behind touching the arrow in front, the arrow to the left touching the arrow to the right. The trajectories and path of the arrows completely changed, as if it was living. There was no way of leaving, as if all the escape routes of the jade-faced scholar had been completely sealed off.

Finally.

"Ah..."

The jade-faced scholar let out a cry as tens of arrows hit his body instantly. Like a hedgehog, his body fell downwards towards the ground from the skies.

In his moment of consciousness that he still had when he fell down, he finally understood. This fatty that seemed stupid and clumsy previously had only defended and not attacked, not because his strength was not enough, but he was observing into the intricacies of his foot techniques. The fatty had seen through it, and laid out a situation where he would definitely die by his arrows.

"Haha, I hit him, I hit him, I won again, hahaha..."

The fatty was lifting his bow and waving it about as he danced excitedly in the air.

But this sort of excitement did not last for more than three breaths of time, when he suddenly sensed something. His complexion greatly changed.

Then this fellow was like an alarmed rabbit. He let out a shriek, his eyes rolling back to his head, as he fell down from the air. With a bang, he fell to the ground, dust rising, that fell neatly next to the jade-faced scholar that still had his eyes open in unrest.

This fellow, with the cover of the rising dust, grabbed a handful of the fresh dripping blood of the jade-faced master, and smothered it all over his body. Then he let out a tragic cry, lying on the ground and pretending to be dead.

This entire process fell completely in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

"What is this fellow doing..." Ye Qingyu was between laughter and tears.

Before he had finished.

The sky was suddenly completely right. A radiance and aura that was like the sun itself came to the skies above the [Light Palace].

A vast energy fluctuation that was hard to describe using words exploded from that white light that was like an acute sun. Like a tsunami, it surged throughout the entire space. With the [Light Palace] at it's center, there was a distinct warp in the gravity hundreds of miles around. It was as if the dust particles on the ground had lost its weight, as it seemed to rise slightly.

Ye Qingyu was able to sense the aura within his body. It began madly surging with an aura that could not be suppressed, it's yuan qi began to madly rush and fluctuate.

"What is this?"

He lifted his head to look at the white globe of light. He could faintly see that within the white globe of light, there was a skinny figure that could faintly be seen.

"The [Light Palace] has existed for a hundred years, it is fated to be broken apart today... the moon and the sun will swap places, the new replace the hold. Today, Snow Capital will receive a truly glorious moment!"

A voice that seemed solemn, emitted from that white globe of light. As this voice resounded throughout the air, the piercing white light began to fade. The figure that was wearing the [White Tiger Armour] could finally be seen.

Ye Qingyu's pupils dilated.

He was able to recognize at one glance who the figure in the skies was.

The Right Minister of the Empire, Lin Zheng.

Although he had never seen Lin Zheng in person before, but he had already seen countless formation images and paintings concerning Lin Zheng. After all it was the Right Minister of the Empire, the most significant person under the Emperor. He was famed throughout the world, and was the focal point of all gazes. No matter whether it was the information provided by Dugu Quan or the Two River Gang, the information that had been given to Ye Qingyu was of the most detailed and informative regarding this person.

Therefore, for Ye Qingyu, although he had never seen Lin Zheng, but he knew very well what the Right Minister of the Empire looked like.

After the initial shock, there was a faint smile appearing on Ye Qingyu's face.

He did not imagine that he would see a huge, powerful minister of the Empire in such a situation.

As the mist and clouds faded, the truth was about to be seen.

Since Right Minister Lin Zheng had appeared here, then everything regarding this was clear and transparent. Was everything finally uncovered?

According to the rumours, Lin Zheng not only occupied a high and noble status, controlling hundreds of ministers. But he was also said to have a mind for strategy and scheming that rarely anyone could compare with. He was also a martial genius, with cultivation that could not be guessed at-----in truth, in this world where martial experts were revered, nearly ninety-nine percent of the government ministers of Snow Empire were martial experts. Without enough martial cultivation, there was no way of standing up within the Imperial Court.

For Lin Zheng, someone who was born as the son of a concubine, to be able to control the Lin family and step into the position as the Right Minister, this person's strength was prodigious. Not only within the Capital, but even in the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, he was one of the top ranked experts.

It was only that because he occupied such a high position, there were many matters where he did not need to act personally. Slowly, there were many people that began to forget his position and fame within the martial world.

If not for the fact that they stood at opposite ends of the battlefield, Ye Qingyu would even admire this old man.

For a person's power alone, to be able to change his fate. From such a lowly position as a son of a concubine, to walk step by step into the position he was in today, if he was not an absolute genius, it would be utterly impossible for him to achieve this.

It was a pity...

"Where is the Palace Lord of the Light Palace, Ye Qingyu?" Within the skies, there was the calm voice of the Right Minister, Lin Zheng, authority present in his voice.

Ye Qingyu walked two or three steps forward, paying his respects, "Palace Lord of the Light Palace, Ye Qingyu, sees the Right Minister."

"Take the [Flowing Silver Light Formation] away and open the [Light Palace]." The figure of the Right Minister, Lin Zheng, slowly descended down towards the [Light Palace], bringing with him an endless pressure and might.

Ye Qingyu fell silent for a brief moment, then suddenly lifted his head and smiled.

"Since the situation has progressed to such a stage, then why must the Right Minister say such useless words?" There was not the slightest hint of fear as Ye Qingyu looked at the Right Minister. "Even a clueless brute, in a desperate situation, will strike back and blood will flow. Could it be that in the eyes of the Right Minister, a Palace Lord like me is not even comparable to a brute?"

In the skies.

As the Right Minister's gaze fell on Ye Qingyu and regarded him for a brief moment of time, there was a trace of admiration that couldn't help but appear.

"The name of Ye Qingyu, I have heard many times before. In truth, in the past sixty years, I was known as the number one genius. But from the years past this point on, the title of the number one genius will fall on your shoulders." On the originally calm face of the Right Minister, there was a hint of a smile.

“I do not deserve the Right Minister’s praise." Demon King Ye's heart was delighted, but his lips still pretended to be calm and modest.

For the Right Minister of the Empire to evaluate him as the number one genius, if news of this was to spread out, the entire world would be shaken.

"I know of the things you did in Youyan Pass. In truth, I admire you very much. But it's a pity, every step along the way, you are acting against me..." The Right Minister slowly descended bove the [Flowing Silver Light Formation], saying, "I admire talents very much. Even if you killed [Red Eagle] and the others, I could not care about it, as long as you came under my wing. I will do my best to nurture and raise you, I could even pass on to you all my status and power."

As these words were said, it was evident just how much Lin Zheng admired Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu smiled, "For the Minister to have such expectations of me, I have endless gratitude for this. But... we are of different paths, so we cannot act together. I'm afraid I must waste Minister Lin's good intentions."

After hearing this Lin Zheng slowly nodded his head, then shook his head, "If it is like this... then it's a pity.”

As he finished uttering this, his feet suddenly exerted power.

Kacha Kacha

The protective barrier of the [Flowing Silver Light Formation] was like an utterly weak and fragile grass layer. Fracture after fracture began appearing.

Ye Qingyu's eyebrows rose instantly.

An extremely powerful strength.

The next instant, Ye Qingyu could feel his vision blurring. Before he could say anything, within his eyesight, there was a sharp tiger's claw infinitely enlarging.

"Careful." There was the voice of Aunt Heng coming from the side.

As this was said, there was an explosion. A mad energy spread about everywhere, like a chaotic vortex. Ye Qingyu could feel his body lightening and being dragged to one side.

At such a crucial time, Aunt Heng had acted and blocked a strike for Ye Qingyu.

"Little girl Heng, you are not my opponent. Go, don't block my path." Lin Zheng's voice suddenly turned icy.

Ye Qingyu turned to the side, and could see the complexion of Aunt Heng turning deathly pale, her aura unsteady. It must be that receiving that strike of Lin Zheng had caused her blood qi to be unstable, and received some minor injuries as a result.

If one lifted their head to look, one would discover that there was a large hole the size of a well that had been broken on the [Flowing Silver Light Formation].

Lin Zheng stood high above, having not yet truly entered into the City of Light.

Perhaps from his perspective, this was only a tiny little defensive formation. With just one of his thoughts, it could immediately be broken open, that's why he was not in a rush. It was only that there was a little disturbance in the gaze he used to regard Aunt Heng with. It seemed that the two long knew each other, and their relationship was not normal.

Aunt Heng did not say anything, and made a defensive stance.

This was the first time that Ye Qingyu knew that Aunt Heng was also someone who had cultivated. Furthermore, her strength was even slightly higher than him. But after he had received one of Lin Zheng's palms, her aura was shaken. From the above points, it was enough to determine that Aunt Heng had not yet truly stepped into the Heaven Ascension stage, and was only at the higher stages of the Bitter Sea stage.

"The situation is settled already. The [Light Palace] will definitely be broken through today. Little girl Heng, you are not my match. Retreat," the Right Minister calmly said.

Aunt Heng did not say anything.

"If the [Flowing Silver Light Formation] is broken, you immediately retreat within the [Light Palace]." She used a sound transferral technique to speak to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu slowly nodded his head.

Aunt Heng seemed to know something that only she did. If it was like so, then he just needed to listen to her.

But at this time ---

"Right Minister really has a true official's might." A strange voice sounded within the air. "I wonder which of the edict of the Snow Emperor are you following, when you are attacking the [Light Palace]?"

In the air, a figure appeared within the silver mist.

This was a muscular old man with ash gray hair. he wore a long white robe with several patches, but washed extremely clean.  His face was full of the signs that he had gone under hardship, his facial features clearly defined. He had a lion's mouth and broad shoulders, exceedingly authoritative. His eyebrows were like a blade, hanging above his eyes, making his face seemingly exceedingly mighty.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 444:


464 - Qu Hanshan



"Qu Hanshan, you've finally appeared." As the Right Minister, Lin Zheng, saw this person, his expression instead slightly relaxed. With a cold smile, "I thought you only knew how to hide in the background and shoot arrows from the side."

Qu Hanshan?

As Ye Qingyu heard this name, he was shaken. He could not but lift his head to regard this mighty old man in detail.

In these years, the entire world knew of Right Minister, Lin Zheng. He had unmatched power and authority, nearly ruling over the entire Imperial Court of the Empire. His power had even extended into the military, so much so that when people heard of the word 'Minister', they would only think of the Right Minister, Lin Zheng.

Namely because of the fact that the power of the Right Minister, Lin Zheng was too dazzling, his light too bright, that it caused nearly everyone to forget one thing---

Under the Empire of the Emperor, there was not only one minister that ruled all the officials. There was two.

Apart from the Right Minister, there was a Left Minister.

The Right Minister, Lin Zheng.

The Left Minister, Qu Hanshan.

"Since you have planned such a great plot, if I Qu Hanshan, was not to appear, would I not miss such a big event?" The Left Minister, Qu Hanshan did not seem to mind the mockery of the Right Minister in the least. As opposed to this, it was like he was greeting an old friend. With a faint smile, "the things that you have done may have caused too great a disturbance."

Lin Zheng suddenly smiled, "Qu Hanshan, you should not have came. You cannot stop me."

"Since you have the tool of fate, the [White Tiger Armour] in your hands, you are naturally above even the heavens. It's only that there are some matters that cannot be divided into can or cannot, but instead into should or should not."

"Haha, you still have such skillful words even now." There was disdain in the gaze of Lin Zheng. "Qu Hanshan, do you know what I don't like most about you?"

Qu Hanshan had a faint smile, "Please advise me."

“Haha, the thing I hate most is the pretense you put on at all times. You have to act as if you are a saint every minute, every second." The Right Minister, Lin Zheng, continued to sneer. "The way of heaven is in the heavens, the way of man is in the mortal world. From the heavens to the earth, everyone is competing. Even you are competing, so why are you pretending to be a high and almighty immortal separate from the mortal world. Just who are you fooling."

Lin Zheng said, the main point on the word 'compete'.

The authority and status he had today was famed and feared. This was all something that he had competed for from the impossible. He competed with the heavens, with the earth, with time, with people. In the impression of many people, the Right Minister was as leisurely and idle as an old man. But once his heart to compete was aroused, he was like a peerless sword being unsheathed, making someone have no way of receiving him.

Such words coming out from his mouth was like the righteousness of the Dao. No one was able to refute his words in the slightest.

Qu Hanshan frowned, then nodded his head. "I know."

"Since it is like this, then act. You and I have competed on the open and in the shadows for so many years, it must have been hard for you to endure and remain standing. In these years, I have competed with so many people, but you are still able to stand on your own footing. Although I find you annoying, but I cannot help but regard you in a new light." Right Minister Lin Zheng walked towards Qu Hanshan step by step. Between his brows, there was an aura of sentimentality, "Let the grievances between us, end today."

“Since killing intent has been aroused in your heart, then perhaps today is really an ending. But this is not my personal grievance, but for the greater good of the Empire," Qu Hanshan said seriously.

Lin Zheng sneered, "With your personality, you rarely do anything that you are not sure of. You evidently know you are not my opponent, but you still appeared. That is just going to your death. You must have found some underlings, tell them to appear."

The complexion of Qu Hanshan instantly became strange.

The next instant---

Xiu!

A sword light that was as bright as the sun suddenly began to explode from the barriers of sapce. It turned into a hundred-meter-long formation sword qi, with tight and clustered formations encircling it. The might of it was enough to shock the heavens, and everywhere the sword qi passed by, the air was like butter, being cut apart, splitting the air rumbling apart into two. The point where this sword qi pointed at was namely at the Right Minister, Lin Zheng.

The complexion of Lin Zheng suddenly changed.

He lifted his hand, his yuan qi turning into a glimmering claw of a white tiger. It suddenly swiped at the huge formation sword.

Boom!

The yuan qi sword exploded, turning into a chaotic turbulence of yuan qi.

A figure suddenly shot outwards from this endless chaotic turbulence like a bolt of lightning. There was a wind and snow long sword in his hand, and the move of his sword was like a rumble of thunder. The figure instantly neared inches from Lin Zheng, completely sealing him off.

"So it was the arrival of the Old Commander."

The surprise on Lin Zheng's face retreated. He stood alone in the air, and struck out with hundreds of palms strikes. It constantly struck again and again on the sword move that was like a bolt of lightning, choosing to face against it directly. It was like heavenly fire striking against an ice mountain, sparks and ice flying everywhere. There was the repeated sounds of explosions, as the air around was shattered and reformed, with a storm beginning to form.

"Your words, you really think you are definitely going to win. Don't speak so much rubbish, just fight. We'll see who’s right or wrong!"

A voice like that of a great bell sounded.

An old man that seemed even more mighty than Qu Hanshan, with a black sword of cold steel in his hands and wearing black armour appeared. His appearance was like a mighty tiger, with pure yellow hair, standing up like needles. His eyebrows were yellow and filled with a red light, as if there was a blood-coloured fierce qi that was like real surrounding him. As both his eyes opened and closed, there was a glimmer fluctuating.

That old man was namely the old commander, Li Guangbi.

"The temper of the Old Commander is still that great."

The Right Minister, Lin Zheng, faintly clasped his hands together. In his expression, there was a slight respect.

Although he did not regard the Left Minister, Qu Hanshan, who walked carefully and came to his position step by step from a poor background with high regards, but this was different for the Commander. For this was a legend amongst the military of the Empire. He was one of the great existences of the army, the old Commander Li Guangbi. Lin Zheng was evidently extremely courteous. After all, whether it was his identity or status, or the effect he had on the Imperial military, he was first class. Although they were on different sides, but he maintained a suitable respect for him.

For Li Zheng, from the top to the bottom of the entire Empire, there was not many people worthy of his respect, or could be counted with one's hands just who deserved his respect. But Old Commander Li Guangbi, was definitely one of them.

"Useless words, I rely on my temper to stay alive. Treacherous minister, receive my sword."

Li Guangbi's expression suddenly turned ferocious, like a tiger striking for its prey. The sword move struck out once again, sword shadows completely covering the skies.

"For the contributions that you have made for the Empire in the past, and as I am your junior, I will first let you have three moves." Lin Zheng's figure flickered, evading sword after sword but not striking back.

The Qu Hanshan by the side lifted his hand, a ruler held in it.

"Careful."

He let out a shout of reminder, then the ruler in his hand struck out.

The complexion of Lin Zheng suddenly changed, his hand striking out at the air behind his head. The mirage of a tiger's claw protected his hand, and it was as if it struck something. With a bang, in the air a white-coloured ruler appeared. Instantly, there was a fierce wind that was created, as the fragments of space along with chaotic turbulence appeared.

The next instant, Qu Hanshan once again struck out with his ruler from far away.

Lin Zheng struck again, this time striking in front of his chest.

Boom!

Amidst the chaotic yuan qi turbulence, the image of a ruler appeared still again.

The attacking methods of Qu Hanshan was extremely strange. It was evident that the movements of the ruler was hundreds of meters away, but the attack instantly descended without any signs or sound five meters next to Lin Zheng. If it was a normal person, they would have no way of detecting the arrival of that attack. If a solid strike was struck, even if it was a Heaven Ascension stage expert that was hit by it, they would spit out a mouthful of blood.

After Li Guangbi had made three moves, there was a light that ferociously exploded from the eyes of Lin Zheng. His aura surged, as he began to retaliate.

A white coloured tiger light image appeared on his shoulder.

As Lin Zheng struck with every move, the white tiger would roar. It would either strike out with its claws, or perhaps open its mouth and spit out silver blades, coordinating with Lin Zheng. It was completely at a state of perfect cooperation with no flaws. The tail of the white light tiger was two meters long, and constantly changed position. Every attack that struck within one meter of Lin Zheng would be blocked by the tail of this white light tiger.

"Could it be that the white light tiger is the so called [White Tiger Armour]?

A thought occurred to Ye Qingyu.

Very long ago, from all avenues of information, the Right Minister held a Tool of Fate of Snow Empire, called the [White Tiger Armour], in his hands. The effects of it was incredible, and was beyond the imagination of normal people. According to the rumours, if a Bitter Sea stage expert donned the [White Tiger Armour], even he would have the power to fight with a Heaven Ascension stage expert.

Ye Qingyu originally thought that the so called [White Tiger Armour] was the same asany other Treasured tool]. It was also of the armour type. But from the current situation, he had thought of this too simply. As a Tool of Fate of the Empire, it was evident that the [White Tiger Armour] had already gained intelligence. Coordinating with Lin Zheng, its power was multiplied.

But... the black steel sword in the Old Commander's hands as well as the white-coloured ruler in the Left Minister's hand were also not ordinary items. Could they also be Tools of Fate?"

Ye Qingyu examined carefully.

He could faintly feel that there was an energy different from yuan qi or formation energy fluctuating within these three items.

"Should I immediately act and aid the Left Minister and Old Commander to  kill the Right Minister, Lin Zheng?”

Such a thought occurred to Ye Qingyu.

The yuan qi in his body moved, as an invisible cold qi emanated. A cold qi light sword soundlessly appeared next to him, this was namely one of the signs that the [Human King Sword Mantra] was being activated.

But at this time, there was an unprecedented cold intent that exploded in Ye Qingyu's heart.

A fear he had never experienced before exploded in his brain.

In the time of a spark, within the air, a ripple occured. Another sword light, as bright as a shooting star, neared instantly, exploding with killing intent.

The target of this ambush, was namely Ye Qingyu.

The appearance of this sword was extremely strange. Even the Aunt Heng by the side had not observed that anything was wrong.

Ye Qingyu's figure was instantly struck at his waist, separating in two.

The owner of the sword light instantly appeared, showing up behind Ye Qingyu.

"Little Yu..." Aunt Heng was shocked.

At this time, Ye Qingyu's corpse that had turned into two turned into faint silvery mist.

"Hahahaha..."

An icy and cruel laughter sounded from within the air, and followed by that, tens of silver mist shaped figures rose and appeared from all directions. It was like a sword formation that instantly surrouded the person that had ambushed holding the sword. Sword moves exploded as a red mark of death appeared on his body.

The person holding the sword had a disbelieving expression as he spat out a jet of blood.

The next instant, Ye Qingyu's true body appeared next to the sword carrying assassination. The cold ice sword mirage was in his hands, as he mercilessly struck out.

This entire process was like a flowing shadow appearing, and finished like a hawk capturing the rabbit. It was extremely quick. The person who was carrying the sword had not even yet fully understood why his sure death sword strike had not heavily injured Ye Qingyu and it was before even Aunt Heng had reacted.

The battle technique that Ye Qingyu demonstrated at this moment was extremely bright and resplendent, as if it was just a dream, with no way of describing it.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

