Chapter 1345:


Chapter 1358 - Inner Demons

"It's you?"

Ye Qingyu's face hardened icily.

This beautiful woman was none other than Jiang Xiaohan, who he hadn't seen for a long while.

Although he had defeated Jiang Xiaohan during the previous battle, Jiang Xiaohan's final words before she disappeared made him realize that it was highly possible that this woman was still alive. However, she had not shown up during the past two thousand years, so Ye Qingyu gradually forgot about her. He didn't care whether she was dead or lurking in the dark, he would not pursue her as long as she did not meddle in the affairs of the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

He didn't expect Jiang Xiaohan to appear at this very moment.

Moreover, she seemed to have formed an alliance with the King of Destruction, the Abandoned Fiendgod, and the God of Consciousness.

"As expected, you're still alive," he said coldly.

Jiang Xiaohan ignored him.

Her aura was extremely strange and it seemed as though she was not part of this world. He could see her but he couldn't sense her presence with his divine sense. Her flaming red skirts looked like fiery flames dancing across her body, and she had become even more beautiful since he last saw her two thousand years ago. She gave off a noble and ethereal air, and even the successor of White Jade Capital, Bai Yuqing, who was said to be the most beautiful woman of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, paled in comparison to her.

"His weakness is homesickness," Jiang Xiaohan said with a cold smirk. "You'll be able to overcome his martial way with the sound of homesickness and trigger his inner demons."

The God of Consciousness hesitated for a moment, then its tune changed to the sound of a guzheng. A rousing melody could be heard from the ball of light—it seemed like a wanderer was overcome with sorrow because he was so far away from home and had no way to return home. At the same time, it also sounded like an elderly mother calling out her son's name, beckoning him to return home, and more than that, it sounded like the playful cheers of childhood playmates...

The sounds of the guzheng passed through some kind of mysterious medium and headed straight for Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu felt his heart grow cold.

I'm not the Divine Light Emperor, so his inner demons will not affect me,
he thought to himself confidently.

He had not become one with the Divine Light Emperor's physical body, did not possess the accumulated intellect, strength, and experience of the Divine Light Emperor after 107 reincarnation cycles, nor did he probe and try to incorporate the Divine Light Emperor's memories with his own. He had not done so because he wanted to prevent homesickness from becoming his inner demon. The Divine Light Emperor's homesickness had affected him so much back then that he could not progress even further, and it grew so intense that it became his personal demon. This ultimately led to the collapse of the Divine Light Court.

He could not guarantee that he would be able to suppress the Divine Light Emperor's inner demons after becoming one with the accumulated strength and intellect of the Divine Light Emperor after 107 reincarnation cycles, and thus, he decided to find another way.

He found Jiang Xiaohan's suggestion of using homesickness to defeat him absurd and ridiculous.

Jiang Xiaohan had been quiet for more than two thousand years, or rather, she had been observing the situation secretly over the past two thousand years, but she was still as ruthless and cruel as before. She appeared at the most critical moment to deal him a deathly blow, but she was still unable to understand the heart of the matter. She only knew one side of the story, but not the other side.

As expected, the guzheng's homesickness tune from the God of Consciousness did not pose much of a threat to Ye Qingyu and had the same effect on Ye Qingyu as the other musical tactics earlier.

"Why isn't it working?" the Abandoned Fiendgod yelled loudly. "Jiang Xiaohan, you've misjudged him. What a disappointment."

Jiang Xiaohan looked composed as she said, "Just wait and see."

The God of Consciousness did not show any signs of hesitation and it seemed to have full faith in Jiang Xiaohan's words as the sounds of the guzheng continued to flow out of it and constantly charged toward Ye Qingyu. The melody was even clearer and more rousing than before, so it was clear that it had drawn on its origin power of a King of Sovereigns to unleash this attack.

"I guess you won't give up until you're dead..." Ye Qingyu said with a cold laugh and slammed his hand against the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. He was about to exert the formation mysterious technique to counter the attacks of the God of Consciousness, but suddenly, his face turned pale. He stumbled in midair and almost fell.

What is going on?

His face turned pale all of a sudden.

He suddenly felt his spirit waver, and he was overcome by an unprecedented sense of distraction. His divine consciousness seemed as though it would break apart at the next moment, and he could sense his power start to turn on him uncontrollably. He also lost control over the power of a King of Sovereigns as well as the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

"Is this... truly my inner demon?" he asked in horror.

Jiang Xiaohao smirked coldly and said, "I know you haven't become one with that physical body and have not actually gotten the accumulated wealth of the Divine Light Emperor. But I'm sure you know very well that you're still his reincarnated form, even if you have yet to become one with his physical body. Your physical forms, cultivations, and memories might be different, but you can't change the fact that you share the same spirit... Thus, his inner demon is imprinted on your spirit. Even if you don't feel homesick most of the time, shades of the Divine Light Emperor's inner demon still reside in the depths of your spirit."

"How did you know that?" he asked in surprise.

This was supposed to be an extremely well-kept secret. Throughout the entire Vast Thousand Star Domains, only the Six Divine Generals and the spirit monkey battle companion, Sun Wukong, knew the truth. Song Xiaojun, Yu Xiaoxing, and the rest of his close friends were not even aware of his past, so how did Jiang Xiaohan manage to find out?

Moreover, she even managed to accurately point out that this was his only weakness—a weakness that he wasn't even aware of.

The King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod had been on the brink of despair but they were now thrilled by this development.

Did it really work?

Was the weakness of this matchless prodigy from the Vast Thousand Star Domains something as simple as homesickness?

Was it that simple?

The sound of the guzheng grew louder on the battlefield.

The God of Consciousness released an intense and dazzling beam of light and exerted its techniques and divine abilities to their maximum level. Ancient and simple musical notes traveled out from the true depths of the dark universe, and these notes contained a strange and mysterious power as they shot toward Ye Qingyu.

The tables had turned on him instantly.

Ye Qingyu exerted his nameless breathing technique and pushed the power of his [Cloud Top Cauldron] to its maximum level. A chaotic primordial light exploded from it and became one with the sword will from his Life Sword to wrap itself around him. It transformed into layers of defensive light shields but was still unable to block out the endless string of musical notes.

An inner demon!

It was truly his inner demon.

Ye Qingyu gradually started to lose control over his spirit, and as this barrage of musical notes continued to attack him, he was suddenly overwhelmed with an intense feeling of homesickness so strong that he couldn't suppress it. He had an urge to drop everything and return home, to see his old friends from his hometown, and drink the water of his hometown...

Whose hometown did he miss so badly?

His thoughts slowly started to get muddled up.

He didn't have any firm recollections of his friends or characteristics of his hometown. It seemed as though he was just missing the concept of home.

Once his inner demon was triggered, the consequences would be disastrous.

At his cultivation level, Ye Qingyu should have already broken free from worldly desires, and in particular, his spirit should have been refined to the point where it was flawless. Thus, the moment an inner demon broke free, it meant that his power would turn against him cataclysmically.

How could this be?
Ye Qingyu wondered as he sensed danger.

He tried to gain control of his defenses but it was too late.

The notes from the guzheng contained a targeted and mysterious power, and after they triggered his inner demon, his inner demon burst out from his divine consciousness like a raging torrent. The very foundations of his cultivation were shaken and he couldn't even summon any strength.

He immediately exited the state of the [Limitless Divine Way] because his inner demon was even more destructive in this state.

The spirit within the [Cloud Top Cauldron] awakened and automatically started to control the [Cloud Top Cauldron] after it sensed danger. It buzzed and vibrated rapidly and countless bright yellow silk ribbons fell from its mouth and protected Ye Qingyu within.

The Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction launched frenzied attacks against him but the [Cloud Top Cauldron] kept all their attacks at bay.

Nonetheless, no matter how powerful the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was, it was still unable to expel the inner demon that raged within him.

Thirty minutes later, Ye Qingyu was completely unable to put up a fight at all.

He sat cross-legged, and after he exited the true form of a King of Sovereigns, he looked as tall as an ordinary human. He sat cross-legged in the middle of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and exerted his divine consciousness with all his might and the nameless breathing technique in an attempt to suppress his distractions and inner demon, but this only made it worse.

The God of Consciousness leveraged this opportunity to intensify its attacks. The sounds of the guzheng echoed for millions of kilometers around, and mysterious musical notes appeared and drew on the power of planets to crush down and attack Ye Qingyu.

Jiang Xiaohan's face was extremely cold as she stood completely still in the void.

The King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod tried countless times to break past the protective barrier of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and take Ye Qingyu hostage. Now that they learned that he seemed to know the mysteries behind absorbing the fortunes of a King of Sovereigns, they had to get their hands on it at all costs.

However, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] let out a long howl and released countless strips of bright yellow silk ribbons, which were like millions of Great Dao that enveloped Ye Qingyu within them. No matter how hard they tried, they were unable to penetrate the bright yellow silk ribbons.

Ultimately, the Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction were forced to stop for now.

They had already exhausted a lot of their energy in today's battle and couldn't afford to continue expending their strength so frivolously.

Time slipped by, second after second, minute after minute.

Ye Qingyu's condition worsened.

His face grew pale and the fortunes of the military that had wrapped itself around him earlier were also completely exhausted and vanished into thin air. His powerful cultivation and combat strength seemed to have been completely sealed, and a black misty halo floated above his head. This misty halo was full of evil and negative qi...

His inner demon was starting to manifest itself.

The situation looked ominous.

Ye Qingyu couldn't have imagined that the Divine Light Emperor's homesickness had manifested itself within him because he was a reincarnation of the Divine Light Emperor... How was he supposed to control it? How would he be able to expel this inner demon from his body? Countless ideas whizzed through his head. The Divine Light Emperor had almost died because of this inner demon, and now it was his turn.

Danger loomed over him.

What could be the solution to this problem?

In the distance, a ray of white lightning shot out from the direction of the astronomical continent and rapidly hurtled toward Ye Qingyu.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1346:


Chapter 1359 - The Hooligan, Little Nine

It was Little Nine?

Somehow, it emerged from the surface of a star and even remembered the way to this battlefield. It had overcome countless restrictions and rushed over across the vast sea of stars.

"Roar... No one is allowed to touch my human pet."

The insane roar of Little Nine traveled across the void of the universe and shook the skies.

It seemed to have sensed that Ye Qingyu was in danger. They seemed to have some sort of telepathy with each other.

Ye Qingyu, who was in a state of battle with his inner demons, could also sense the arrival of Little Nine.

He stood up suddenly, without caring about the grasp of his inner demons. He looked far into the distance and shouted, "Go back, who allowed you to come..."

The enemies he was facing were too terrifying. All of them, including the three great King of Sovereign-level beings and Jiang Xiaohan, were all fright-inducing characters, and even though Little Nine's talent was exceptional, it was still not fully developed. Charging into the fray at this moment would do Ye Qingyu no good; instead, the silly dog would be putting itself in danger. Its life would be on the line, and there was no way Ye Qingyu could be unworried about something like that.

The white flash from a great distance did not retreat. Instead, its speed amplified.

"Roar...Woof, I'm very loyal, and, woof, you're my human pet. Woof, I have to protect you."

Little Nine's furious roar shook the universal void. It seemed to contain a mysterious power that could shake the Wisp God of Consciousness's guzheng sound.

"Hmm?" Jiang Xiaohan exclaimed, having also noticed this fact. A surprised look appeared in her eyes.

"Roar, roar, roar... Woof, woof, woof!" Little Nine's speed was extremely fast, and the white flash tore through the void and charged toward them with insane ferocity. He let out a string of furious roars and shrieks that contained a strange power that could seemingly suppress the Wisp God of Consciousness's guzheng sound.

Ye Qingyu abruptly sensed that he was greatly relieved of the effects of his inner demons taking control of himself.

"Stop it," Jiang Xiaohan shouted.

Of course, the King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod had already sensed that something was not right. Furthermore, they observed the change in Ye Qingyu's expression and immediately sensed that this was their chance. Since Ye Qingyu valued this huge white dog so highly, they might be able to obtain the method of devouring a King of Sovereigns' aura by capturing it, controlling it, and using it as a hostage against Ye Qingyu.

"Get lost... Anyone who harms my human pet has to die."

Little Nine behaved as though it had turned insane. Furthermore, its body had expanded many times over, and it looked like a gigantic beast from the stars. It let out an angry roar, and a visible wave of energy exploded out of its mouth, hurtling toward them. The Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction were the first people in its path, and both of their expressions changed as they retreated at an unholy speed...

This was because they could sense the threat in the strange sonic wave.

How could this be?

The expressions of both peak level experts changed.

How could a mere battle pet possess the ability to make them feel threatened?

In the blink of an eye, the silly dog burst through the combined defenses of the Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction and arrived in front of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

It kept roaring angrily and made shrieking sounds.

The Wisp God of Consciousness kept retreating.

It seemed to have sensed the threat posed by Little Nine.

The black mist floating above Ye Qingyu's head dispersed a little. The power of his inner demons was gradually being suppressed by him.

"Brother Qingyu..." came a voice from Little Nine's back.

Song Xiaojun leaped down from the dog, an unconcealable look of concern on her face of peerless beauty.

Unexpectedly, the Six Divine Generals, Old Fish, Shadow Warrior, Million-year-old soul, Great Emperor Xiaofei, Lingyun, Great Commander Sun Yi, Empress Shui Xiu, Jin Ling'er, Bai Yuanxing, and the other Emperor-level experts from the Vast Thousand Star Domains were standing behind Song Xiaojun on Little Nine's back. Among this group of people, a few like Song Xiaojun, Jin Ling'er, Great Emperor Xiaofei, and some others already possessed the luck of other star systems and had become Sovereign-level beings. Their aura was immense.

"You guys... retreat, quickly."

Ye Qingyu was greatly moved and anxious at the same time.

Numbers counted for nothing. Even hundreds of Sovereign-level experts would be no stronger than ants before King of Sovereigns, and they could slaughter tens of thousands of them with a thought. He could already observe that Little Nine's angry roars were indeed capable of affecting the Wisp God of Consciousness's magical music abilities, but its strength and level of cultivation was too far behind that of the Wisp God of Consciousness. It could not possibly hold on for much longer.

"Woof... I don't care, whoever dares to... woof... hurt my human pet... woof... I'll fight to the death with him or her." Little Nine let out furious roars like a great Lion of the Stars and stepped back slowly.

"Brother Qingyu, let us fight alongside you," Song Xiaojun said, her resolute expression somewhat pleading.

"That's right, the fate of the Vast Thousand Star Domains can't be borne by His Majesty alone," Empress Shui Xiu said. Her long hair flew with the wind, and her seemingly gentle facial features contained a form of calm and tenacity that was hard to turn down.

"If you lose, Your Majesty, and the Vast Thousand Domains end up facing their demise, we'll still follow Your Majesty to the end. Why don't we fight to the death today?" The Million-year-old soul, Liu Shaji, Ferryman of the Netherworld, and others stood side by side with each other. There was a bloodthirsty aura on them. Evidently, they had also gone through a bloody battle in the fight on the surface of the stars.

"That's right, the battle on the surface has already been concluded, and our side has won a complete victory," Great Emperor Xiaofei said with a smile. "You've expended much effort and energy for the Vast Thousand Star Domains for a long while and made a considerable amount of sacrifice. Now, we should also take up a bit of responsibility, and hopefully, we will face our fate bravely."

Bai Yuqing stared directly at Jiang Xiaohan, her eyes burning with the bright desire to fight.

Both of them were nemeses, and she thought that Jiang Xiaohan has already died in battle, only to find out that she survived, and that she had appeared at such a crucial stage. Bai Yuqing suddenly realized that the Jiang Xiaohan in front of her was not only her enemy, but an enemy of the entire Vast Thousand Star Domains as well. Compared to taking revenge for the entire star system, her personal feud seemed inconsequential.

No matter what, she had to fight Jiang Xiaohan again today. Even if she would end up injured in the universal void, it would be worth it.

"We're willing to follow Your Majesty to the death," Wen Wan, Gao Diping, and Divine Generals Zhi and Jue said solemnly. Even Wang Lijin, who was usually afraid of death, seemed spirited in nature now.

Ye Qingyu's gaze swept across the group of people before him. He had planned on telling them to leave, but now, the words could not come out of his mouth.

Eventually, his gaze fell on the Old Fish.

Old Fish glared back and blew a mouthful of air into its beard. "What are you looking at me for? I wasn't the one who led them here."

Ye Qingyu suddenly had an urge to laugh as he looked at the Old Fish’s expression.

At this moment, the Wisp God of Consciousness's music changed again and transformed into a long resounding sound of drums. It exploded, releasing the goosebump-inducing sounds of an ironclad cavalry in war, as if there were tens of thousands of them charging toward Little Nine. The killing intent of the attack was simply bone-chilling.

"Pfft... woof," Little Nine roared angrily, fresh blood streaming out of its mouth.

Ye Qingyu's expression changed.

"That's not good... [Cloud Top Cauldron], suppress!"

Ye Qingyu roared, activating the cauldron without concern that the effects of his inner demons had still not completely subsided. He released an immense amount of suppressive force, shielding Little Nine, the Old Fish, and the others within the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

"Kill!"

He summoned the Life Sword. The power of the sword, which was enough to break tens of thousands of other techniques, slashed out again.

The sword radiance, which looked like a ray of divine light from the Primordial Age, directly shot toward the Wisp God of Consciousness.

In an instant, Ye Qingyu had unleashed the [Ninth Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way]. It could be considered as his final trump card and strongest power.

"Stop it," the Wisp God of Consciousness ordered. It spoke for the first time, emitting a strange, screeching sound that sounded like a baby's cry after sensing the destructive force emitted within the sword blow.

The Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction moved without any hesitation, using their bodies to shield the others from the sword's sharpness.

They had to.

Otherwise, if the Wisp God of Consciousness was severely injured or fled, they would also be impacted. Neither of them had a way to stand against Ye Qingyu on their own, and their fate would be a terrible one.

Neither party in this fight could afford to retreat now.

Boom, boom!

Both King of Sovereigns were sent flying, their blood scattering across the skies.

They put their lives on the line to block the attack and were seriously wounded before eventually managing to stop the attack. The Wisp God of Consciousness was left unharmed.

Using the opening afforded to him, the Wisp God of Consciousness played his guzheng music again, causing Ye Qingyu's inner demons to be stimulated.

Ye Qingyu stumbled within the void. The black mist above him, which was about to subside earlier, surged out from within his body again and circled his entire body. Evidently, after successfully channeling Ye Qingyu's inner demons, the Wisp God of Consciousness's level of mastery over them had reached terrifying heights. This time, just hearing the start of the melody gave Ye Qingyu little room to resist.

As the black mist, which symbolized Ye Qingyu's inner demons, intensified and wrapped around him, his consciousness began to blur. He tried his best to resist, but it was as futile as someone fighting through quicksand. The more he resisted, the harder he fell. Eventually, his entire aura began to turn evil.

Once one's inner demons had been stimulated, it would be hard to keep them under control.

Those under the [Cloud Top Cauldron] began to feel extremely anxious as they witnessed the scene.

Song Xiaojun and the others combined forces to break free from the cauldron's light shield to no avail. They wanted to fight alongside Ye Qingyu but ended up trapped within the confines of the cauldron. They were shielded within it and were unable to strike. They could only watch as they observed Ye Qingyu trapped in a dangerous situation.

"No, Brother Qingyu..." Song Xiaojun said tearfully.

At this moment, she seemed to recollect the very same Ye Qingyu that protected her at all times in White Deer Academy, shielding her from all danger and slander. Since a long, long time ago, this man had always been protecting her in this manner. She hated herself for not being strong and capable enough to share his burden, even up to today.

"Woof, woof, woof..." Little Nine roared angrily. It was incredibly frustrated, and all the white hairs on its body were standing up.

It was injured considerably, but it did not bother recuperating or tending to its wounds. Instead, it smashed itself again and again against the wall of light of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], as if it were insane. Eventually, it managed to burst through the defensive light barrier and directly charge out of the cauldron's confines.

It shrieked angrily and got close to Ye Qingyu, giving out earth-shattering roars of fury, disrupting the Wisp God of Consciousness's music. It wanted to help Ye Qingyu, who was about to completely succumb to his inner demons, to awaken.

"Kill that dog," the Wisp God of Consciousness shrieked.

The King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod had no choice but to obey. They moved in unison and attacked Little Nine.

"Pfft!"

Silly Dog's huge body was pierced through.

Blood scattered into the air.

It seemed to be completely unaware of its injuries and kept roaring and shrieking in anger, as if it was expending its own life to shout, intending to use the sonic force to awaken Ye Qingyu.

It did not even counter or evade its opponent's blows, allowing their destructive attacks to rain down on its body. Instead, it spent every possible second roaring. This was because it could see that Ye Qingyu was on the brink of succumbing, and there was no time to dally or hesitate. If it did, there was no saving his human pet.

Boom!

Little Nine's limbs were broken, and its fur and skin split open.

It coughed out huge amounts of blood as it looked in grief at Ye Qingyu, as if it was roaring with the might of its soul to help shield him from the Wisp God of Consciousness's guzheng music. At the same time, it wept blood and shouted, "Human pet... you... quickly wake up... woof! If you don't, you'll never see me again... Sob..."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1347:


Chapter 1360 - The Person Who Understands You the Most

"Fool... run, flee now."

Liu Shaji, who was beneath the [Cloud Top Cauldron], roared.

Song Xiaojun and the others were also grieving, but they had no way of breaking free from the [Cloud Top Cauldron’s] defensive barrier. They could only watch and wonder how Little Nine managed to break out.

The sight of Little Nine's limbs being shattered and impending messy death was simply too tragic. The dog, which was usually cunning and never did anything to its disadvantage, seemed like a fool now. It kept shrieking, using its soul power to channel its voice, wanting to awaken Ye Qingyu from the clutches of his inner demons.

This was the last chance.

Once Ye Qingyu really succumbed to his inner demons, there was no way of recovery.

The fate of the entire Vast Thousand Star Domains depended on this instant.

An intensifying black mist surrounded Ye Qingyu, and he was releasing a bloodthirsty, violent aura that was completely different from that of his usual self. Evidently, this was the demonic hold his inner demons had over him. It was devouring Ye Qingyu, and his skin had even begun to turn black. Once his entire body turned black, he would have succumbed to his inner demons and would never be able to recover.

"Woof, human pet... wake up, quickly." Little Nine's spine was directly broken and shattered into a few columns, with white bones piercing through its fur and sticking out for all to see. It was an extremely tragic sight to behold.

Little Nine possessed a nearly indestructible body in the Vast Thousand Star Domains, and it had never been injured so seriously before. Even Emperor weapons could not pierce its body easily, but now, it was facing two King of Sovereigns. No matter how tough its body was, it would be hard to block such blows.

"Woof, woof, woof... Human pet, I may be dead soon," Little Nine roared tragically, tears of blood streaking down its face.

It was not weeping for itself. Rather, its heart was broken over Ye Qingyu's impending total surrender.

Once he entered the dark side, it would mean that the old Ye Qingyu was dead.

It was about to lose its master, and this fact broke Little Nine's heart. It was grieving incredibly hard, as if its master was truly about to die.

All four of its limbs had already been torn off from its torso, leaving only the fur, bones, and skin on its back, along with its head. Its aura was diminishing, as if it was about to be scattered like a flickering candle flame in the wind...

"Goodbye, human pet, I'll go before you..." Little Nine said, tears of blood welling up in its eyes.

It gave up shrieking. Its body had also begun to shrink rapidly, eventually turning into a tattered torso about the size of a newborn puppy, exactly the same as how Ye Qingyu saw him at Battle Valley. Its white fur was dyed red with blood, and it wormed its way with much difficulty to Ye Qingyu's chest. It rubbed its head sweetly against Ye Qingyu's arms and stuck its small pink tongue to lick his palm...

The King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod wanted to continue attacking, but they were stopped by Jiang Xiaohan.

"Allow me," she said from within the void, before taking small steps toward Ye Qingyu.

The two top-level experts gradually retreated.

They had tacitly consented to Jiang Xiaohan's actions.

This was because she seemed to have a wonderful connection with the Wisp God of Consciousness. The Wisp God seemed to value this woman very highly and nearly listened to all of her advice. Even though they thought of Jiang Xiaohan as a weak female, they were not willing to cause any strain in their own relationship with the Wisp God of Consciousness over her at this moment.

Little Nine, whose body was shattered, licked Ye Qingyu's palm with its small tongue.

Jiang Xiaohan's gaze fell on Ye Qingyu's body, before eventually concentrating on his face. She observed him carefully, as if she had thought of something.

Ye Qingyu opened his eyes suddenly.

Black mist was channeled in his pupils, yet they seemed to be somewhat clear.

"Little Nine..." Ye Qingyu spoke in a hoarse voice, as if two rusted pieces of metal were rubbing against each other in his throat. He stroked Little Nine's head gently with his palm, saying, "You don't have to do this... Why are you giving up your life for me... It's good to be alive... Don't die, take them away from here." Streams of origin power belonging to a King of Sovereigns were channeled from his palm into Little Nine's body, healing it.

"Sob... Human pet, you're awake." Little Nine sobbed in a low voice while twitching its body. "I came from Chaos, and I'll return there. I'm willing to die with you. If you're dead, I'll return to Chaos again..." Usually, it seemed to be always going against Ye Qingyu, and was constantly lectured by its "human pet". It even spoke of a day when it would enslave Ye Qingyu, but it was just a form of expression for its feelings toward him. At such a critical time, its true feelings were revealed.

"Live, use your powers to send Xiaojun and the others away to protect the Vast Thousand Star Domains," Ye Qingyu said, his voice becoming clear and firm. "Wait for me there."

The immense origin power of life belonging to a King of Sovereigns flowed into Little Nine's body like a tidal wave.

Little Nine's wounds and body were regenerating at a visibly rapid rate.

It struggled, wanting to speak up. However, Ye Qingyu channeled a mysterious technique at the expense of falling further to his inner demons to send it back instantly to the protective confines of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Ye Qingyu had already observed that Little Nine possessed incredible talent. It had a strange aptitude and remarkable ability that allowed it to bypass formations and all kinds of obstruction. It was the reason it could traverse the void and bring Wen Wan and the others over from the surface of the stars. Furthermore, its peak battle prowess was on par with that of King of Sovereigns, and it had knocked two top-level experts away earlier by just leaping at them. Now, it was the only being that could take Song Xiaojun, Wen Wan, and the others away. In the future, it would grow to possess the strength that could influence matters in the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

As such, while in the process of healing Little Nine, he had secretly infused the luck of the Vast Thousand Star Domains and Underworld Star Domains into Little Nine's body. Before long, its powers would be amplified after merging the two energies together. It would then be able to hold its own even in a fight against the combined might of the Wisp God of Consciousness, the Abandoned Fiendgod, and the King of Destruction. This was because its roars could dispel the Wisp God of Consciousness's mysterious musical technique, allowing it to defend itself.

No one could tell what he was actually doing from the process of energy transfer.

"Human pet, you..." Little Nine shouted.

"Brother Qingyu, don't..." Song Xiaojun said, tears streaking down her cheeks. "Xiaojun doesn't want to leave you. I can't part with you again..."

"Your Majesty, we're willing to fight to the death for you," Wen Wan and the other Divine Generals, along with the divine battle companion, Sun Wukong, exclaimed. They were brimming with excitement and rage, so much so that their eyeballs were about to leap out of their sockets. At the same time, they countered, "Let us out, Your Majesty. We're willing to use our bodies to cover your retreat. You'll be able to rise again in the future, Your Majesty..."

There were also some who were rational in nature like Great Emperor Xiaofei, who were grieving but remained silent.

They knew that the impact of today's incident was going to be incredibly huge, and that it would have a snowball effect. If it was not handled properly, the entire civilization in the Vast Thousand Star Domains would soon be completely destroyed. Everything that Imperial God Emperor Ye Qingyu had painstakingly built up and protected for the last few millennia would also be gone. It was no longer a question of life and death, but rather that of belief, faith, and the True Will of the Martial Way, along with the nature of life itself.

They were not afraid to die.

But, if they were to die here, their concern was not that their lives would be ended needlessly, it was that it would cheapen the Imperial God Emperor's sacrifice.

However, none of them could say the word "leave".

After all, the man who was battling hard with his inner demons had been using his own strength to nearly hold the entire Vast Thousand Star Domains together. He defended the realms with a tenacity and willpower never before seen by any of them, and everyone could breathe and survive under his support. Which one of them would not feel aggrieved by leaving him?

"Go." Ye Qingyu managed to keep a shred of his clarity.

"I still have a chance to kill all of them. Leave now... Wait for my return."

He looked in the direction of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and said each word with much difficulty.

Even though his words were most likely meant to comfort the others so that they could leave in peace, it still gave them a sliver of hope and a reason to convince themselves to go.
Yes, this man once created so many miracles, and he transformed so many impossible things into achievable feats. Perhaps, this time, he'll be able to do it too.

"Woof, woof..." Little Nine leaped about anxiously, still wanting to leave alongside Ye Qingyu.

However, it could see that Ye Qingyu's gaze was incredibly sharp. It did not dare to defy him.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] shook, releasing radiance and hurrying the others on their way.

At the same time, Jiang Xiaohan, who had been observing Ye Qingyu silently, spoke up suddenly. "I know your plan. I advise you to give it up, there's no way it'll succeed..."

Black mist circled around Ye Qingyu's entire body, and he never bothered to look at Jiang Xiaohan.

"You wish to merge with the body left behind by the Divine Light Emperor to obtain the power within and kill us with one ultimate blow, right?" she asked, her tone containing an all-knowing confidence.

Ye Qingyu's heart trembled.

He had to admit that the level of understanding this woman before him had of his own thoughts had reached an incredible level after undergoing so many years of emotional encounters. She could tell what his plans were with one look, and she was absolutely right. He was preparing to give up his own body and merge his soul with the physical shell left behind by the Divine Light Emperor, so that he could obtain the combined power and wisdom of the past 107 reincarnations. It was his final killing blow, and he should be able to seriously injure the Abandoned Fiendgod and other King of Sovereigns, even if he failed to slay them. At the very least, he would be able to buy some time for Little Nine...

"Looks like I was right." Jiang Xiaohan smiled gently as she looked at Ye Qingyu. "I dare say that no one else understands you better in this world than me. Everyone says that the person who can understand another the best must either be secretly in love with that person, or hate him or her so deeply that he or she wishes that person to be dead as soon as possible. I, for example, am your enemy, but also, I love you to death at the same time. Tell me, wouldn't you think that I'd understand your thoughts?"

Ye Qingyu lifted his head to look at Jiang Xiaohan.

This woman was insane.

And a genius as well.

Many insane people were geniuses, and many geniuses were insane in fact.

Jiang Xiaohan's smile grew more radiant as she spoke, "I advise you against doing that. You've just obtained a little of the Divine Light Emperor's soul, and his obsession with returning home has already caused you to fall. Once you inherit the physical shell of his previous reincarnations, you'll have inherited all of him. You'll be completely unable to shake free from the clutches of your inner demons when it hits you then..."

"So what?" Ye Qingyu interrupted her with a hoarse voice. "At least, before I fall into darkness completely, I'll be able to use the body's power to counterattack and seriously injure all of you to earn a chance of survival for the Vast Thousand Star Domains."

Since they were showing their cards, there was no reason for him to hold anything back.

"The Vast Thousand Star Domains is more important than yourself?" Jiang Xiaohan asked, laughing coldly.

Ye Qingyu replied truthfully, word for word, "Yes. That's the meaning of protection, persistence, and hope."

"Haha, useless and empty big theories," Jiang Xiaohan said as she stared at Ye Qingyu. "If such words came out of someone else's mouth, I would have completely disintegrated that liar's body. However, since it came from you, and I know that you really mean it, it has made me love you even more wildly... Brother Qingyu, come, let me give you one last chance. If you kill that Emperor of Darkness yourself, along with the Divine Empress, I will allow you to live and prevent the Vast Thousand Star Domains from its fate of destruction... I can help you resolve everything."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1348:


Chapter 1361 - I Won't Allow You to Refuse

When Ye Qingyu heard that, a divine radiance sparkled in his eyes that were wreathed in black mist.

However, he said nothing.

Jiang Xiaohan lifted her fine eyebrows. "Why, don't you believe me?" With her head slightly raised and her chin high, there was a certain power and pride about her. "Though I've gone against you many times, when have I ever boasted about this kind of thing?"

Ye Qingyu remained silent.

He seemed to be thinking about something.

"What do you mean by this?" To one side, King of Sovereigns looked uncertainly at Jiang Xiaohan.

He had discerned that things were not quite right from her words.

There was a strange glow in the Abandoned Fiendgod's eyes as he, too, stared at Jiang Xiaohan.

"I mean, literally." Jiang Xiaohan did not appear at all weak while facing the two King of Sovereigns. Instead, speaking in a frosty, firm tone, she seemed powerful like no other.

"You're testing my patience and tolerance." The King of Destruction was burning with fierce flames all over.

Laughing out loud, Jiang Xiaohan turned her head back to look at Ye Qingyu. "Since you still don't believe me, I'll show you." With that, her face suddenly turned hideous, as if she was enduring some kind of sharp pain, while her beautiful and enchanting body gave a slight tremble before a weird pale expression flashed across her face.

Subsequently, her body abruptly gave off a strange power.

It was a hard-to-describe power.

When it spread, the star fragments floating in the cosmic vacuum suddenly became unmoving and frozen on the spot, as if sealed by ice.

Not only the star fragments, but also all star dust and gray bits... everything became unmoving.

Of course, the King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod, too, became motionless.

The two supreme experts were like snails mired in a swamp at this time. After struggling for a good while, they became completely motionless, with astonished and disbelieving expressions on their faces. They could not at all comprehend how they had been sealed and suppressed by a woman whose cultivation was so much inferior to theirs. This simply made no sense.

A hint of surprise also flashed briefly across Ye Qingyu's face.

This kind of power...

Has time and space been sealed simultaneously?

He looked to the side at Song Xiaojun, Wen Wan, Little Nine the silly dog, and the rest, all of whom were being protected by the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and were not being suppressed by the strange power. A little further away, the Wisp God of Consciousness was also unaffected, albeit the guzheng music that had stirred up Ye Qingyu's inner demons of homesickness was a lot fainter than before.

"Do you believe me now?" Jiang Xiaohan stared at Ye Qingyu.

The latter nodded.

Jiang Xiaohan laughed and spoke with an overt delight in her voice, "Come, it's time for you to choose. My dear elder brother Qingyu, are your loved ones or your principles more important? Will you sacrifice your loved ones, or the so-called intelligent beings and civilization of the entire Vast Thousand Star Domains?"

Plagued by inner demons, Ye Qingyu's body trembled faintly.

He had never thought deeply about this question before.

He had firmly believed that protecting the Vast Thousand Star Domains was protecting the people he loved.

As the saying went, no egg can remain intact when the nest is overturned. If the Vast Thousand Star Domains ceased to exist, the people he loved would also perish.

But now, everything had changed suddenly. It turned out that there was, in fact, a choice to be made between the two.

"Agree to her, Elder Brother Qingyu..." Song Xiaojun looked tenderly at Ye Qingyu, "I'm willing to die for you."

Jiang Xiaohan laughed grimly. "Such foolish love indeed."

Bai Yuqing, Empress Shui Xiu, and the others looked at Ye Qingyu, suddenly feeling sorry for this man.

Because, as women and also contemporary Martial Empresses, they were more sensitive and clear that, to Ye Qingyu, this kind of choice was the cruelest thing in the world. The civilization of the Vast Thousand Star Domains and his two beautiful confidants were the most important things in his life, yet only one could remain at this time. This was no longer just a test of his human nature but more so a test of his beliefs and principles, or even... a test of his martial heart, a test of his origin heart as the Imperial God Emperor.

This kind of test was even more terrifying than those inner demons.

Time was flowing by in a nearly asphyxiating atmosphere.

About twenty breaths later, a streak of ghastly white flashed across Jiang Xiaohan's face once more. "Have you thought about it? Don't keep me waiting..."

Looking at her, Ye Qingyu asked, "You can't hold out any longer?"

Jiang Xiaohan did not deny this.

Only she knew the price she had to pay for sealing time and space, trapping two supreme experts, and even affecting the Wisp God of Consciousness. Indeed, she could not hold out much longer.

Ye Qingyu asked very seriously, "Why did you do this? Haven't you always wanted to kill me? This is your best chance, so why are you instead helping me now? You'll never get another chance to kill me if you help me this time."

Jiang Xiaohan laughed grimly. "Don't you feel even more defeated having to beg me, as compared to if I'd killed you?"

Ye Qingyu became silent.

This woman is an incomprehensible psycho.

Subsequently, he provided his answer. "I refuse."

"What?" Jiang Xiaohan's countenance shifted.

Ye Qingyu laughed indifferently. "I mean, I refuse your choices. I'm protecting not only my loved ones, but also my friends and followers. I cherish and care about everyone in the Vast Thousand Star Domains, whether they know me or not. However, in protecting them, I've always depended on my own strength rather than waiting for the charity of others. If I'm incapable of doing all this with my own strength, I'll feel no shame even if I die in battle. In any case, I would absolutely not accept such a meaningless choice as exchanging a large number of people for a smaller number of people. Even if the people you want me to kill aren't Xiaojun and Xiaoxing, but two ordinary beings of the Vast Thousand Star Domains instead, I'll also refuse. This is my principle and also my answer, do you understand?"

Jiang Xiaohan's countenance abruptly turned bleak.

She had wanted to use this method to subdue Ye Qingyu, making this lofty and proud man give in to and satisfy her like he did when they played together as childhood sweethearts... However, she failed once more, as if he never had much regard for her ever since, at thirteen years old, she cruelly resolved to leave him after he became worthless. No matter what means she used, he would never accommodate her even once more.

"Great, real great." With a ghastly pale expression on her face, Jiang Xiaohan's body began to quiver frantically as a strange power poured out. "You..." She pointed a slender, jade-white finger at Ye Qingyu, as if wanting to poke her fingernail into the latter's forehead. Looking vicious and brimming with murderous spirit, she had an impulse to kill him right away.

It would be no exaggeration to say that, at this time, she could kill off Ye Qingyu, who was already completely beset by inner demons, with just a lift of a hand.

This opportunity was nearer to success than any of her previous deliberate schemes to kill him.

Moreover, her killing intent was already raging and boiling irrepressibly.

However, at the very instant before she struck out, she suddenly realized that this was impossible.

I can't strike out for real.

She could not do it.

To her anger and grief, she realized that she could not actually do it.

Not long ago, she had felt that she would not hesitate to destroy the man who had made her jealous, sad, and angry, as long as she had the opportunity.

But when such an opportunity actually arrived, she realized that this was only a "feeling", and not the truth.

"I'll give you one last chance. You don't have to kill anyone as long as you promise me that you'll never see Song Xiaojun and Yu Xiaoxing ever again, and will instead remain beside me forever. I can also help you to solve your current distress," she enunciated, unaware of her expression and countenance as she spoke. The only thing she could feel was that the final fortress of pride that she had kept in the very depths of her heart over the years had suddenly begun to collapse while she was speaking those words to this man.

Ye Qingyu took a surprised look at her.

He then looked at Song Xiaojun in the distance.

The Emperor of Darkness, who was seen by countless people to be frosty, powerful, and cruel, had long become teary-faced, looking as weak as a child. Seeing Ye Qingyu's gaze, she hurriedly nodded her head as a signal to the latter to accept this demand.

The people beside her looked at Jiang Xiaohan.

For some reason, a weird feeling formed in the hearts of many at this instant:
This woman is kind of pitiful
.

However, Ye Qingyu did not hesitate for long this time.

He provided his answer categorically, "I refuse."

The same answer was spoken from his mouth again.

Jiang Xiaohan's figure shook violently.

It was as if an invisible knife was viciously stabbed into her heart at that moment.

With a ghastly snow-white countenance, she shouted fiercely, "You refuse? Hohoho... how dare you refuse? What gives you the right to refuse? You..." Before she finished speaking, her figure suddenly softened and became limp in the void, resembling a weak and helpless girl, while her frosty laughter was filled with sadness and despair.

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth.

But he ultimately did not say anything.

Beneath the [Cloud Top Cauldron], everyone's gaze was centered upon Jiang Xiaohan.

Nearly everyone had some understanding of this woman. In particular, a few people who were born in the Snow Empire had personally witnessed the growth of the conflict between Ye Qingyu and Jiang Xiaohan, and were even clearer about the story between them. The phrase "childhood sweethearts and playmates" might sound simple, but to anyone involved, it was the most heartfelt of memories.

As the saying went, ‘a pitiful person always has a deplorable side’.

Jiang Xiaohan was deplorable but also pitiful.

All of a sudden, she laughed out loud once more and looked at Ye Qingyu with eyes full of mockery and ridicule, and a hint of crazy delight as well. "Hahaha, you refused, you actually refused. But, so what? I won't allow you to refuse. Nobody can stop me from doing what I want to, and that would be to make you unable to refuse..."

With that, a variegated divine radiance suddenly glowed in her body, resembling the burning of flames and the light of the primordial world. It was bright and most gorgeous, much like the most glorious moment of a comet or a shooting star sweeping across the firmament. A magnificent, vast, vicissitudinous, and profound power accompanied it as it diffused across and covered the entire battlefield.

In the void, the guzheng music of the Wisp God of Consciousness came to an abrupt stop.

The third King of Sovereigns was also sealed by this power.

The King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod, both of whom had originally already begun to struggle, also became hardened, sealed, and suppressed once again.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

