Chapter 973:


Chapter 989 – Foul Language


However, he no longer had a chance to salvage the situation.

This was because, at the very instant that Hu Bugui boarded the Netherworld Ferryboat, the ferryman at the back of the boat who looked like a proper scarecrow suddenly began to move the black pole, causing the boat to sway as it gradually sailed toward the calm surface of the vast Heavenly River.

This angered those who were onshore.

“What’s going on? Every ferry trip has ten spots, so why has the boat sailed when there are only nine people onboard this time?”

“That’s right, it’s short of one person.”

“Hey, wait up, there’s still one remaining seat.”

Some experts started shouting.

However, without stopping at all, the Netherworld Ferryboat had already drifted out thirty-five meters at a modest speed. With its sluggish mechanisms, the scarecrow operated the ferry at what seemed like an ever-constant rhythm without responding to the calls from the experts onshore.

Seeing this, many of the experts onshore felt extremely disappointed yet helpless.

“This isn’t right. Reasonably speaking, the boat would not sail off before the seats are full,” a Twinhead Race expert expressed his doubts.

“Indeed, this has always been the case. The boat would never sail off before it has been filled.”

“Then, this time… why did the ferryman set sail when there are only nine onboard?”

A series of discussions took place.

Someone suddenly seemed to realize something. “Actually, there were in fact ten beings onboard. You all might’ve overlooked the dog which was biting onto the heel of that full-bearded man...”

“This… seems to be the case.”

“Did we just get overtaken by a dog?”

“Are we worse than a dog?”

Feeling humiliated, many experts became unquellably furious yet could do nothing about the situation.

If they could not afford to offend the Four Stars holy girl and the Third Prince of the Mizar Race, they naturally could not afford to offend Ye Qingyu as well. Order had already been lost in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, such that whoever's fist was bigger was in the right. Given the current reality, nobody wanted to offend the [Ice Sword Killing God] just because of a dog. After all, they had already seen that even the Four Stars holy girl had to yield to him and allow him and his companions to get onboard.

“Huh? Look, the air above the Heavenly River is becoming foggy.”

A Sharp Ear Race Saint cried out in alarm.

It was only now that the crowd discovered that a black mist had formed above the originally-smooth surface of the Heavenly River. In a twinkling, the Netherworld Ferryboat disappeared into the mist.

What’s going on?

When has there ever been a mist above the Heavenly River?

What does this change entail?

The crowd was shocked like never before.

…

Similar questions arose in the minds of the nine humans and one dog aboard the Netherworld Ferryboat.

With vigilance growing in his heart, Ye Qingyu looked at the faint black mist which was gathering from the surroundings.

He felt a hint of danger bearing down from among the strange and changeful black mist.

He took time to size up the Netherworld ferryman. This headless scarecrow seemed to be crudely made using the most common thatch of this world. Though it should be a dead object, it was somehow able to move like a living person. The giant black bamboo hat which was suspended in the air above its chest probably counted as its head. Upon careful examination, he discovered a smooth incision at its neck, suggesting that the neck had been sliced using a sharp blade before. It was thus possible that the scarcecrow used to have a head but which was later chopped off by some terrifying power.

“This scarcecrow has a deep aura like that of a terrifyingly strong expert.”

He had formed a rough judgment after a moment of observation.

Scarily enough, this scarecrow possessed cultivation which had at least attained the Great Saint realm. It was more like a puppet, and even then, Ye Qingyu did not know what kind of being could have produced such a terrifying puppet.

Just then, the Four Stars holy girl, who had been facing outward with her hands clasped behind her back all this time, gradually turned around.

As she looked at Ye Qingyu, she said in a soft voice, “Long time no see, brother Ye Qingyu.”

These words sounded like a greeting to an old friend.

The Thousand Illusion Elder was flabbergasted and even more terrified than before when he heard this, “Wasn’t it said that there’s a grudge between these two Heaven’s pridelings? Why does she sound like she’s meeting an old friend? Could it be that those rumors are false? If so, I’ve really messed up this time by saying what I did.”

The other three human Saints also became anxious at once.

Conversely, Orchid Saintess felt a little joy inwardly.

She had sincerely wished that the third deputy and the Four Stars holy girl could become friends, for this would indubitably be a good thing for the Human Race as a whole.

Only the Third Prince of the Mizar Race remained completely expressionless. He was the only person who knew the inside story, and moreso knew that the feud between Ye Qingyu and the holy girl was not limited to what happened in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss. The truth was that there were many more layers to it, with the most deadly layer originating from the battle at the Secluded Mountain Manor in which Ye Qingyu was ambushed before he killed one of the holy girl’s doppelgangers. To both of them, this was a mutual hatred which could never be defused, let alone be turned into friendship.

While everyone knew that Yin Kaishan was a martial maniac, they did not know that he actually had a clever and sharp mind as well, except that he did not use it most of the time.

During that earlier moment, he had actually seen the reactions of everyone onboard, causing a contemptuous expression to involuntarily flash across the depths of his eyes. If it was not for the fact that the Four Stars holy girl had secretly transmitted instructions to him at the start, he would certainly not have deemed the Thousand Illusion Elder and the others to be qualified enough to board the ferry. Speaking about qualified persons, Ye Qingyu could count as one, while Orchid Saintess could only count as half. Although the full-bearded man possessed meager strength, the tile on his head was exceptional and thus he also counted as one. As for the mysterious person in a black hooded cloak, his strength was fathomless and thus he also counted as one.

However, being naturally sparing in speech, Yin Kaishan certainly would not talk about these things out loud.

Ye Qingyu looked and smiled plainly at the Four Stars holy girl, whose methods he knew better than to underestimate, and said, “Indeed, long time no see. I’ve not forgotten Your Highness’ generosity. If I ever have a chance in the future, I’ll definitely thank you properly.”

Leaving their personal grievances aside, the force secretly supporting the Black Moon Immortal Palace was very likely to be the Four Stars Sect and thus certainly involved the Four Stars holy girl, and moreover, the Four Stars Sect was at least partially responsible for the massacre of the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission. Therefore, whether publicly or privately, he had far too many scores to settle with this woman. However, given the unique present circumstances, there was no need to rush things for now. He had made up his mind on this before boarding the ferry and thus did not reveal hostility, instead talking to her as if meeting an old friend. The true meaning of his words could only be interpreted by Yin Kaishan and the holy girl – the purported “thank you properly” was referring to a fight to the death.

“You’re welcome, brother Ye Qingyu. I’ll be expecting you.” The Four Stars holy girl smiled faintly as she spoke in a cool tone.

She also knew about the importance of this trip to the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor and thus did not wish to engage in a mutually destructive battle against such a formidable enemy before the crucial moment had arrived. It must be known that the opponent this time would not be Ye Qingyu alone and would instead comprise also of the Heaven’s pridelings of other large races, dynasties, and sects. As such, the situation was not looking too optimistic even to her.

The brief exchanges between them had clearly expressed their respective stances. Having understood each other’s thoughts, there was no need for them to talk further.

Ye Qingyu's gaze turned toward the mysterious person by the side.

The black cloak seemed to completely conceal the latter’s aura, such that even Ye Qingyu's divine consciousness was not sharp enough to discern the level of the latter’s cultivation. However, Ye Qingyu could vaguely sense that this person was like a supreme divine sword which appeared ordinary and had been sheathed for a long, long time but would unleash devastating power as soon as it was unsheathed. Instinct informed him that the battle strength of this mysterious person was definitely not inferior to that of the Four Stars holy girl and Yin Kaishan.

Suddenly, as he was trying to guess this person’s identity, the Netherworld Ferryboat stopped moving on the surface of the Heavenly River.

Everyone on the boat was terribly startled.

What’s going on?

They saw that the headless scarecrow had inconspicuously stuck the black pole into the riverbed some time ago, and was now standing at the back of the boat with his hand gradually reaching toward them. Although his palms, which were made from withered thatch, were somewhat deformed, his five fingers could still be barely made out. With his palms spread open, he seemed to be asking for something.

What does this mean?

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

“Ferry money.” A strange voice which sounded like the squawking of an old crow was heard from the scarecrow’s chest.

Ye Qingyu glanced at Hu Bugui with unprecedented shock.

The latter also looked befuddled.

The others, including the conceited Four Stars holy girl and the taciturn Yin Kaishan, were also shocked.

Did the Netherworld ferryman just... ask for money?

Who would have ever thought that a scarecrow would stop the boat on the Heavenly River and ask for money – this was virtually no different from those robbers who had blocked Ye Qingyu's way and demanded his fortunes. Moreover, being a scarecrow, it did not seem to have much use for money. Before boarding the ferry, the nine humans and one dog had imagined myriad possibilities, but none of them had imagined that something like this would happen.

“Woof!” Little Nine finally unclasped its mouth from Hu Bugui's heel and snapped, “Chief Bandit, were you the one who made this scarecrow? How could it be even more of a bandit than you?”

The latter remained silent.

In truth, he had suddenly felt an intimacy with the headless scarecrow, as if they were family five thousand years ago. At the same time, an absurd idea popped up uncontrollably in this chief bandit’s mind - he wondered if the scarecrow’s head was chopped off by a former badass passenger when it stopped the boat and demanded money.

For some time, everyone on the Netherworld Ferryboat was speechless.

“Ferry money.”

The headless scarecrow reached out its other palm and repeated its words in the same low voice.

This time, everyone could confirm what he meant.

Dammit, he has really stopped the boat to ask for money!

Everyone cursed inwardly.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 974:


Chapter 990 - Quasi-emperor Grade


Obviously, cursing was not going to solve the problem.

Everyone knew how terrifying the Heavenly River was.

They would all have been dead if not for the Ferryman of the Netherworld's boat, which looked like an ordinary fishing boat that could sink at any moment. Thus, when faced with this peculiar Ferryman of the Netherworld, the only way to resolve this problem was to accede to its request—even the foolish and short-sighted Thousand Illusion Elder could tell that attacking it would definitely be the quickest way to die.

The Thousand Illusion Elder was the first person to step up to the challenge.

He took out a highly concentrated, high-quality origin crystal from his storage items and handed it to the ferryman.

Gold and silver were truly considered worthless among the martial artists throughout the Vast Thousand Domains, while origin crystals were the true symbols of wealth. The high-quality origin crystal that Thousand Illusion Elder handed over was at least five hundred grams and was a considerable sum for a ferry ride.

However—

"Worthless."

The headless scarecrow was clearly displeased.

It took the origin crystal, then two ancient formations burst out from its broken neck and flung the origin crystal into the Heavenly River like it was garbage.

Hiss!

The five hundred-gram origin crystal fell like a droplet of water into a raging fire, instantly melting into the black Heavenly River without a single ripple.

The Thousand Illusion Elder's face alternated between turning pale and flushing red.

The headless scarecrow's words were like the ultimate slap to his face.

Did it actually refuse an origin crystal?

The other passengers, including Ye Qingyu, noticed something was wrong.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld seemed greedier than they had expected.

Isn't the ferry fare that it expects a little too high?

There was a quick-witted Saint from the Human Race who thought for a moment, then made his attempt. He drew out a Saint-level war hammer with cloud markings, raised it high above his head, then handed it to the headless scarecrow.

"Worthless."

Then, the same two ancient formations appeared.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld seemed a little annoyed as it flung the Saint-level war hammer into the Heavenly River. This war hammer, which was crafted from divine materials and full of formations, fell into the river like an ice cube falling into molten lava. It melted as quickly as the origin crystal had earlier and disappeared into the waters of the black Heavenly River.

The expressions of the other Human Race experts immediately changed and they felt as though someone had stabbed a knife through their hearts.

That was a Saint-level weapon!

And it still wasn't enough for the Ferryman of the Netherworld?

How expensive is this ferry ride going to be?

"Woof, woof. That thing looks so ugly, and it's just made of straw. It doesn't even have a brain, so why is it so greedy? A Saint-level weapon isn't even enough fare to get across the river? This is clearly daylight robbery…" Little Nine said peevishly
. That was such a waste. If that scarecrow didn't want the Saint-level weapon, it could have given it to me. Why did it have to destroy it by throwing it into the river? What a wastrel.

Ye Qingyu and the others also realized that the scarecrow was planning to make a killing from extorting treasures out of them.

"Pay the price!"

It stretched out its hand a third time.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld's voice sounded like a demonic dragon.

This time, it was not only just Ye Qingyu and the others, even silly dog Little Nine could sense its rage. "Woof. I think this fella is about to fly into a rage. human pet, give him something quick… before he throws us all into the river to feed the fish."

The battered and worn fishing boat started to sway gently, as though it could hear Little Nine's words.

Everyone's expressions immediately changed.

As the Ferryman of the Netherworld bellowed, something strange and mysterious happened to the surrounding river. The black mist grew thicker and faint sounds of evil, vengeful spirits bellowing could be heard from the mist. Then, this black mist transformed into a variety of horrifying scenes. Most importantly, they could clearly see the boat they were standing on was gradually starting to sink into the Heavenly River.

Right then, the situation had turned from extortion to robbery.

"Wait a minute," the Four Stars holy girl said.

She took out a mysterious scarlet fruit that was the size of a fist and handed it to the scarecrow.

A delicate and mysterious fragrance wafted through the Void.

Everyone stared at the mysterious fruit and could see that this fruit was exuding a visible, faint, scarlet divine splendor. Its skin was slightly translucent, clear and crystalline, and they could see thin and tiny formations circulating within the fruit. These formations were like golden lightning imbued with terrifying power.

It only took Ye Qingyu one look to know that this scarlet fruit was truly extraordinary.

This fruit… hmm, it could probably be considered a divine and precious herb and is definitely a rare treasure in this universe. It was clearly not a freshly plucked fruit since its flesh had naturally developed into the divine formations of the laws. If it was aged longer, it could probably become spiritual. Once it was at that stage, this scarlet mysterious fruit would automatically be at the Saint level… This should be a divine fruit that she obtained from the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss,
Ye Qingyu thought.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld grabbed the fruit with its fingers and hefted it in his hands. Its floating bamboo hat swayed slightly as though it was nodding its head, then it threw this scarlet mysterious fruit into the opening in its neck and stuffed it into its chest.

The boat stopped sinking.

But it had only stopped for now.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld was still not satisfied.

It pointed its straw hand toward the Third Prince of the Mizar Race, Yin Kaishan.

What?

Their expressions changed yet again. They finally understood that the scarecrow was not collecting one fee for all ten passengers, but instead, it planned on collecting a fee from every single passenger.

This scarecrow was exceptionally greedy.

Yin Kaishan frowned.

However, he decided not to object and took out an oddly-shaped silver shuttle and flung it at the scarecrow.

It was clearly an extraordinary item and ranked above the Saint-level. The Ferryman of the Netherworld also hefted it in its hand, then put the item inside its chest below its broken neck.

Sure enough, it seemed as though everyone would need to pay the price separately.

The Thousand Illusion Elder looked pained but he was not left with much of a choice. After he hesitated for a while, he finally took out an ancient black coin and tentatively handed it to the Ferryman of the Netherworld. After the ferryman carefully examined the coin, it finally accepted it, much to his surprise. Another Human Race Saint looked miserable as he handed over a stone axe that he had obtained from an ancient historical ruin. The Saint looked worriedly as the ferryman looked a little uncertain, but it ultimately accepted that axe, albeit a little doubtfully.

Unfortunately, another Human Race Saint was not so lucky.

He took out dozens of treasures but the headless scarecrow, who was also the Ferryman of the Netherland, threw them all into the Heavenly River. This drove that Human Race Saint crazy with rage.
Since you think they are all worthless, why can't you return my treasures back to me? You're going too far by destroying them all.
He ultimately even handed over his life Saint weapon, but to his surprise, the headless scarecrow also threw it into the Heavenly River. Then, his life Saint weapon disappeared with a puff of smoke into nothingness.

"You... What exactly do you want?" The Human Race Saint was so angry he could have spat blood. He lost all sense of reason as he bellowed, "I have nothing, nothing left... You've taken all that I have. I've given you all my secret treasures just for a ride in this tattered boat, but I've ultimately lost so many treasures here. I no longer want to cross the Heavenly River, please send me back."

Before he had finished speaking—

The headless scarecrow's large bamboo hat tilted at an angle.

A withered straw tendril stretched out from its palm.

The mysterious power of laws on the small boat surged instantly. Then, an aura that felt as though a Quasi-emperor had boarded the boat spread everywhere, and it seemed like the weight of ancient mountains pressed against the backs of everyone on the boat, leaving them breathless. The withered straw tendril looked like it could be broken apart by a gust of wind, but it contained an extremely terrifying power. Before Ye Qingyu, the Four Stars holy girl, the Third Prince of the Mizar Race, and the mysterious man in a black hooded cloak could even react, the straw tendril wrapped tightly around that Human Race Saint like an Immortal Trapping Rope. Then, this Human Race Saint was hung upside-down, brought out of the small boat, and suspended three or four meters above the Heavenly River.

"Let me go..." The Human Race Saint cried out in terror.

The next moment, the calm water suddenly split opened and a black shadow tunneled out of the water as quick as lightning. It bit the lower part of the Saint's body, and although the Saint's body was as tough as divine steel, he was immediately torn into two pieces. Blood from his innards gushed out—it was a horrifying sight to behold.

"Was that... a fish?"

"A giant fish!"

"What kind of monster was that!"

Everyone was extremely astonished.

No one expected living creatures, especially creatures as terrifying as the one earlier, to be dwelling in this black river, which had the ability to melt Saint weapons.

"Help..." The Human Race Saint cried desperately as his soul flew into the sky, struggling with all his might.

However, the lower half of his body was trapped by the mysterious straw tendril and he could not escape his bindings at all. As his blood fell into the Heavenly River, something terrible happened. Numerous phantom figures of monstrous lightning fish flew from the river and rushed madly to chew on the Saint's body.

One breath later—

The Saint's cries still echoed through the air, but all that was left of him hanging from the straw tendrils was just half his skeleton.

The tendrils loosened their grip.

The half-skeleton fell into the Heavenly River and turned into white mist before it disappeared.

A Saint expert had died, just like that.

The other passengers on the small boat felt a chill run down their spines.

Little Nine was so terrified that it felt as though its limbs were giving way, and it said through chattering teeth, "This scarecrow is so goddamn cruel!"

The Ferryman of the Netherworld was way too frightening.

"Quasi-emperor grade," Ye Qingyu came to a decision.

Hu Bugui looked terrified as he gave up his treasure. He ignored the pain he was feeling and immediately took out a bronze mirror armor, which was peppered with rust, that he must have dug out from some grave. He then handed it reluctantly to the headless scarecrow with a constipated expression.

"This idiot is definitely going to die."

Thousand Illusion Elder and the other Human Race Saint delighted in Hu Bugui's impending misfortune when they saw his treasure.

How could he hand a lousy bronze mirror armor to the ferryman? Wasn't he just courting death?

However, the reality was completely different from what they had been anticipating.

The headless scarecrow took the bronze mirror armor with both hands and carefully hefted it in his hands for a long while, looking surprisingly satisfied. It thought for a moment and then two withered straw tendrils sprung out from its body. It assembled the bronze mirror armor and wore it on its chest. Then, it stood at the edge of the boat and looked proudly at the calm river, as though it were a vain girl who was checking out her reflection in the mirror after changing clothes.

The Four Stars holy girl, the Third Prince of the Mizar Race, and the mysterious man in black looked at Hu Bugui in surprise.

They could tell that the headless scarecrow thought that this rusty bronze mirror armor was worth more than the mysterious scarlet fruit earlier. No one had expected this disheveled and bearded man with low cultivation to possess a treasure of such a level. Unfortunately, they could not tell what the value of that bronze mirror armor was. They could make out faint markings from the Fiendgod Age, but there was not a trace of yuan essence qi contained within it. Wasn't it clearly a useless relic?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 975:


Chapter 991 - That Is the Most Precious Item?


"Damn, it was pretty gullible," Hu Bugui let out a secret sigh of relief.

He found this rusty bronze mirror armor along with the Emperor qi tile once when he had been exploring a huge grave. However, unlike the Emperor qi tile, the bronze mirror armor had completely lost its power. Hu Bugui made multiple attempts and even tried using the Emperor qi tile to shine on it, but he just couldn't activate the formation contained within the bronze mirror armor. He later managed to use some methods to confirm that the contents of the bronze mirror armor were damaged so other than the fact that it was a little sturdier, it couldn't do anything else.

Ye Qingyu didn't know whether to laugh or to cry.

The chief bandit didn't have much else on him but he had lots of these strange and exotic artifacts.

He had used his [Eyes of the Void] earlier to assess the bronze mirror armor and saw that while it was indeed an artifact from the Fiendgod Age, it had indeed lost its divine properties. He guessed that the Ferryman of the Netherworld probably accepted it because it liked the markings on the armor. Since it showed such interest in an artifact from the Fiendgod Age, could it also be from that era?

While he was contemplating, the headless scarecrow had stretched out its straw hand toward the mysterious man in a black cloak.

The mysterious man was already prepared and handed over a broken sword.

The broken sword was about the size of a palm and looked very old, with some rust stains on it. Its blade was not attached to its hilt and it looked like a chopper. It wasn't clear what its weapon grade used to be before it was broken but it didn't contain a divine aura. There were tiny cracks at the edge of the fuller along the blade, as though this blade was pieced together. There was also a strange formation symbol on the blade that glowed faintly red.

As Ye Qingyu looked at this broken sword, he felt that it seemed vaguely familiar but couldn't place his finger on it.

In summary, the broken sword looked very ugly, as though someone had casually snapped it off a rusty chopper.

However, since this broken sword belonged to that man in a black cloak, Ye Qingyu, the Four Stars holy girl and the others weren't naïve enough to assume that it was useless, neither did they think that this mysterious man was dumb enough to use this broken sword that looked like scrap material to mock the Ferryman of the Netherworld.

What happened next proved their suspicions right.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld hefted the broken sword in his hands, then after some hesitation, it stuffed this item into its chest.

This meant that the mysterious man's item had also met its requirements.

Next, it was Ye Qingyu's turn.

He was already prepared and took out a drop of Chaotic Lightning Liquid, sealed it into the shape of a pill, then handed it over.

This Chaotic Lightning Liquid was the relic of the Lightning Emperor Qin Ming and contained the purest and most primitive form of the power of thunder and lightning. It was an authentic Emperor grade item and this tiny drop contained the Emperor's Will. He had already thought of presenting this item earlier and refused to believe that the Ferryman of the Netherworld would deem this item worthless.

His speculation proved to be correct.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld was clearly pleased when it saw the Lighting Liquid Pill.

"Pretty good," it said as two ancient musical notes that sounded like thunder rumbling could be heard from its chest. It held the Lightning Liquid Pill with both hands, as though it was a precious treasure, then it placed the pill into its chest fondly.

Everyone looked astonished.

The headless scarecrow had weighed the scarlet mysterious fruit, the silver shuttle, and the bronze mirror armor and broken sword that it collected later, but it didn't comment on the items at all until Ye Qingyu gave it the purple Lighting Pill that was the size of a thumb. Clearly, that item had been the most valuable item it had received thus far.

On the other end, Thousand Illusion Elder remained silent.

He exchanged a glance with his companion and their hearts burned with jealousy. He couldn't help but call Ye Qingyu an idiot for handing over such a valuable item instead of any other item that could just pass for the ferry fare. So what if he managed to get the Ferryman of the Netherworld to comment on his item, would he be able to take a longer ride on this boat?

Then, it was silly dog Little Nine's turn.

That creature looked a little foolish and indignant as it said, "Wait a minute, listen to me." Then, it used its tail to point at Ye Qingyu, "This man is my human pet. Whatever you take from him is mine as well since we're in the same team. He he, brother, let's discuss? You wouldn't need to collect from me as well, right?"

It felt a little hopeful.

Unfortunately, the headless scarecrow didn't buy its explanation.

Two thin, withered straw tendrils stretched out from its palm and slowly curled toward the silly dog.

"Woof, wait a minute," The fur on its neck stood on end as it turned to Ye Qingyu and said, "Quick, human pet, give him another Lightning Pill."

Ye Qingyu shook his head speechlessly and took out a second Lightning Pill.

To everyone's surprise, the Ferryman of the Netherworld refused to take it from him.

Ye Qingyu and silly dog finally understood that this headless scarecrow was rather impartial. Every living creature had to pay their own 'ferry fare' and couldn't send a representative in their place, it didn't matter whether or not their designated representative was willing to pay the fare on their behalf.

Ye Qingyu's face turned pale.

Little Nine had also turned pale.

The situation was clearly not in its favor. All the while, its first choice had always been to immediately eat any treasure it saw, regardless of divine herbs, precious pills, Immortal pills, or extraordinary jades. Since it wasn't able to eat divine weapons, it had deemed them all to be worthless, so it didn't carry any treasure at all.

Who would have known that it would be in this predicament one day?

The withered straw tendrils slowly moved toward Silly Dog.

Ye Qingyu opened his palm and the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] appeared, trembling slightly.

If the headless scarecrow truly meant to kill Little Nine, Ye Qingyu would definitely attack. He wouldn't be cowed even if this Ferryman of the Netherworld had the combat strength comparable to a Quasi-emperor. Despite their usual bickering, since he found Little Nine, this dog had rarely left his side, so Ye Qingyu treated it like family.

"Don't attack," the million-year-old soul said telepathically. "There's a treasure on Little Nine's body."

Ye Qingyu was slightly surprised.

By the time the million-year-old soul finished speaking, the withered straw tendrils from the headless scarecrow had already touched Little Nine's body.

"To hell with it, I'm going all in," Hu Bugui couldn't rein in his anxiety and activated the Emperor qi tile. He was going to try to save  Little Nine. Even though  Little Nine was always arguing with him and would bite his leg without warning, he still considered the silly dog a friend.

Ye Qingyu hastily held him back and shot him a glance that told him to remain calm.

The withered straw tendrils had climbed all over Little Nine's body…

"Help! A dog is being murdered, someone is murdering a dog…"  Little Nine bellowed in rage and its body trembled as it prepared to expand and then fight with all his might. However, something strange happened then. The withered straw tendrils wrapped themselves around Little Nine's body but it wasn't suspended over the Heavenly River as the Human Race Saint had been earlier. Instead, the straw tendrils plucked a strand of dog fur from Little Nine's neck before they retreated.

The headless scarecrow kept the dog fur in its chest, then picked up the black, long poles that stuck out from the Heavenly River, and started to row the boat once more.

On the boat, a strange atmosphere hung in the air.

Even the silly dog itself was stunned.

What was going on?

Did plucking one strand of dog fur from it count as a treasure?

Why didn't the Ferryman pluck a hair from the head of the Human Race Saint earlier?

The Four Stars holy girl stared at  Little Nine in astonishment.

She remembered this dog and recalled seeing this dog by Ye Qingyu's side on a couple of occasions but other than the fact that this dog looked a little goofy, it was basically a disaster. It didn't even have any extraordinary combat power, so she didn't take much notice of it, but now… She seemed to have made a mistake.
Could the reason why Ye Qingyu had gone from a peasant from a lower domain to his current status be attributed to this dog?

Otherwise, how could an unknown Human Race peasant from the village without any legacy of his own enjoy such status and power right now?
She couldn't think of any other explanation for Ye Qingyu's rise unless it had been an absolute miracle.

However, this hypothesis seemed too farfetched, right?

Did a dog really manage to groom a Human Race deputy spokesperson?

It didn't seem like it.

She glanced at the Third Prince of the Mizar Race.

Yin Kaishan was also looking at  Little Nine in shock.

He had basically come to the same conclusion as the Four Stars holy girl.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld had let this dog off after plucking one strand of fur from it. What did this mean?

It meant that one strand of dog fur from Little Nine's body was as valuable as the exotic treasures everyone else had presented earlier.

This was a perfectly logical explanation but in reality, everyone found it hard to accept.

As they stared at  Little Nine, their gazes gradually grew hotter. If its dog fur was this valuable, then wouldn't this dog be the most valuable war pet in the world? All of the fur on its body could be worth billions in total.

At that moment, even Ye Qingyu was a little dazed.

While it was true that the origins of this dog were unclear and there was a possibility that it could have originated from something powerful, whatever happened earlier was far too ridiculous.

Hu Bugui was already plotting to pluck some fur off this silly dog for further research.

"Woof, damn you. Are you a pervert? How dare you pluck my fur?"  Little Nine finally reacted and started to curse loudly. "Plucking my fur is the equivalent of stripping my clothes from my body, you forcefully undressed me… This headless scarecrow is a pervert, I need to stay clear of him."

Then, it jumped onto Ye Qingyu's shoulder, looking terrified.

"Woof, chief bandit, you were pretty cool earlier when you showed your loyalty. Ha ha, I won't bite your ankles anymore in the future…"  Little Nine turned to look at Hu Bugui, clearly very pleased that he had taken out his Emperor qi tile earlier in an effort to save it.

"It's good that you know now," Hu Bugui said with a friendly smile, his mind still on the matter of its dog fur.

Then  Little Nine completed his sentence, "I'll bite some other body part instead."

Hu Bugui suddenly felt like strangling this silly dog.

Another hour passed as they joked amongst themselves.

Everyone's focus remained on  Little Nine.

At that moment, the black mist on the river surface gradually dissipated.

Suddenly, the boat stopped.

"We're here," an ancient musical note sounded from the headless scarecrow's chest like a demonic dragon's howl. Then, it continued, "The first one to disembark is… you." It pointed its black pole toward the Human Race Saint next to Thousand Illusion Elder.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 976:


Chapter 992 - Disembark


Everyone was shocked but they immediately caught the key information in the ferryman's statement.

The first one to disembark?

What could that mean?

Aren't we all disembarking at the same destination?

The expression of the Human Race Saint who had been told to disembark changed rapidly.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld's boat had arrived at the banks of what seemed like a shoal. The black waters of the Heavenly River became shallower and rocks poked out from the river surface like black steel, but the largest rock was only about the size of a palm, just big enough to stand on. The shallow waters did not signify that they were close to shore either. When the surrounding black mist dissipated, they could clearly see that there was still some distance between the rocks scattered around the Heavenly River and the riverbank. Furthermore, that mysterious suppressing force was still present, which meant that no one was able to fly across the shallow waters of the Heavenly River. The only way to get to shore was to hop from rock to rock, and it would be dangerous.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld mercilessly chased him off the boat, so the Human Race Saint could only disembark in spite of his anger and fear. He stood atop a black rock and looked as though he was about to burst into tears as he attempted to make his way to shore by stepping on the rocks.

No one knew whether or not he would ultimately make it to shore alive.

Then, the boat continued to move forward, and thirty minutes later, Thousand Illusion Elder was also ejected from the boat.

Fortunately, the waters were shallower and it was closer to shore. Thousand Illusion Elder was in a much better predicament compared to the Human Race Saint from before.

Ye Qingyu finally understood what was going on.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld determined the order of which each passenger would disembark in accordance to the "ferry fare" they paid earlier. The first passenger to disembark paid the lowest "fare", and so became the earliest passenger to disembark in the most dangerous area. Thousand Illusion Elder came next after the Human Race Saint.

Thousand Illusion Elder felt like bursting into tears as he stared at the retreating boat.

He suddenly remembered how he had secretly mocked Ye Qingyu together with his companion, assuming that the young Human Race upstart was foolish for presenting such a valuable item just to stand out from the rest. In hindsight, that upstart had made the smartest choice and was now able to take a longer ride on the ferry compared to both of them. The journey would take about thirty minutes with the ferryman's boat, but if he were to hop across these black rocks to get to shore, it would take him an entire day. The shore seemed nearby but due to the mysterious suppressive force on the Heavenly River, Saints were no different than ordinary humans.

So many things could change in the span of a single day at the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor and precious opportunities could be snatched by someone else if he was delayed by a day.

This was not only about the matter of time.

The Heavenly River was fraught with dangers and it was exceedingly terrifying. If he was unlucky, he could even end up perishing here.

Damn it, I hope I don't run into Ye Qingyu again. Bad luck seems to befall me each time I mock him,
Thousand Illusion Elder thought retrospectively.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld's boat continued to move forward.

As expected, the third person to disembark was Orchid Saintess.

The situation she faced was much better and a lot less dangerous than Thousand Illusion Elder's disembarkation point. The rocks poking out of the surface of the river were a lot larger than before and one could easily stand on them. The shore was only less than one hundred meters away, so if she hopped along these rocks, it would take her around half a day to reach the shore.

The fourth person to disembark was the Third Prince of the Mizar Race.

The silver shuttle that this frank prince handed over was indeed an ancient relic, but it was not exceptionally rare. He had only taken the item out to get the ferryman off his back, clearly not expecting this "ferry fare" to ultimately determine where he would disembark. Thus, this was as far as he could go on the boat.

Four Stars holy girl frowned and said, "Brother Yin Kaishan, I'll come with you."

Obviously, she did not want to be separated from Yin Kaishan in such a manner.

Before the Third Prince could say anything, the Ferryman of the Netherworld answered first.

Four Stars holy girl could not disembark the boat with Yin Kaishan.

Everyone was shocked by its answer.

What?

It's reasonable for a passenger to not be able to take a longer ride on the boat, but why wasn't a passenger allowed to disembark in advance?

This rule is too authoritarian.

Unfortunately, the Ferryman of the Netherworld, who looked like a scarecrow, would not elaborate further and its decision was firm. If she tried to disembark by force, the headless scarecrow would force her back up the boat. Four Stars holy girl made a small attempt but instantly triggered the abundant terrifying aura from the headless scarecrow. She only had to try to know that resistance was futile.

After the Third Prince of the Mizar Race disembarked, the boat continued on its way forward.

The expressions of those remaining on the boat were all grave and solemn.

Ye Qingyu looked at Hu Bugui and Little Nine and realized that they were about to be separated.

This was definitely not what he had been expecting. After all, Hu Bugui was not powerful enough. Even his Emperor qi tile might not be enough to keep him safe, but rather, it might even draw the attention of those who bore malicious intentions. This frightening environment was fraught with life-threatening dangers so he really was not comfortable with Hu Bugui disembarking alone.

Little Nine felt the same way.

It had never expected that there would be such a rule on the Ferryman of the Netherworld's boat.

Soon afterward, the small boat stopped once more.

The next person to disembark was the mysterious man in a black cloak.

Thirty minutes later, Four Stars holy girl also disembarked.

Ye Qingyu, Hu Bugui, and Little Nine were the only three passengers left on the boat.

Ye Qingyu attempted to interact with the Ferryman of the Netherworld and offered up several more drops of Chaotic Lightning Liquid in exchange for the three of them to disembark at the same time. However, the headless scarecrow rejected his suggestion by remaining silent and ignoring him, clearly not willing to engage with Ye Qingyu at all.

"What should we do?" Ye Qingyu became a little anxious.

Hu Bugui laughed and said, "Don't worry, I'm guessing that I'll be the next person to disembark. If worst comes to worst, I'll find my own way around. Brother Ye Qingyu, you could wait up ahead for me by the riverbank and we'll still be able to meet again."

Ye Qingyu shook his head and said solemnly, "You're wrong, brother Hu Bugui. I doubt it will be that simple. The roads so far have been extremely mysterious and this 'ferry fare' rule is unlikely to be due to the ferryman's greed, but rather, it is a rule and a law. Think about it, why else would a Quasi-emperor covet such small treasures? So what could be the reason for establishing such a rule and law? There could only be one reason, which is to separate all the passengers on the Ferryman of the Netherworld's boat. Since this law is designed to separate us, our next paths will definitely not converge."

Hu Bugui was dumbfounded.

Little Nine had also realized that the situation was not looking great.

"If that's the case… then it would also be fate. Hehe, brother Ye Qingyu, don't worry about me. I've also been through all kinds of situations and have visited ancient ruins like this place many times. Anyway, I've still got lots of untested treasures to use," Hu Bugui said valiantly, comforting Ye Qingyu instead.

He understood Ye Qingyu's character and was worried that Ye Qingyu would brazenly attack the Ferryman of the Netherworld because of this issue. The consequences would be dire.

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

He refused to leave Hu Bugui alone and was already calculating his chances of winning if he attacked the ferryman.

The million-year-old soul, who had been silent all this while, suddenly said telepathically, "Don't worry about it. Let your friend disembark. I'll guarantee his safety."

"Huh?" Ye Qingyu was stunned. "You mean…"

"I've already merged with the Chaos Demon Heart, which allowed me to understand many of the secrets within this Reincarnation Hall, and I now possess the Chaos Demon power, which enables me to secretly control some of its formations. This is a small matter to me. All you'll have to do is let Hu Bugui leave and I can guarantee that not only will he remain safe, but he might also even come across some opportunities," the million-year-old soul said confidently.

Ye Qingyu was overjoyed.

After endless mountains and rivers that left doubt as to whether or not there was a pathway out, he suddenly encountered the shade of a willow, bright flowers, and a lovely village.

If the million-year-old soul's words were true, then Ye Qingyu could relax. As long as Hu Bugui's life was not in danger, everything else was secondary. After all, the headless scarecrow was truly a Quasi-emperor, so if he were to attack it, he was not at all confident he could lead Hu Bugui and Little Nine from the clutches of the ferryman.

He continued to secretly discuss this plan with the million-year-old soul, and after he received a second confirmation, he finally felt reassured.

Soon afterward, the boat stopped once more.

This time, it was Hu Bugui's turn to disembark.

"Brother Hu Bugui, please play it by ear and don't try forcing your way through each time. I managed to obtain confirmation from a senior that he would guarantee that you'd be able to walk out of this Reincarnation Hall unharmed," Ye Qingyu could not expound on this further so he could only drop a few hints.

"Haha, don't worry," Hu Bugui said with a laugh.

Silly Dog Little Nine was also a little worried and said, "Chief bandit, you must be careful. Don't die…"

Hu Bugui suddenly felt a little moved by its words.

However, he suddenly had an urge to jump back onto the boat to strangle Little Nine after it continued by saying, "If you were to die, it'd be such a waste of your exotic and precious treasures. Why don't you hand them to me first? I'll keep them safe for you."

Hu Bugui stood on a rock and gave Little Nine the finger.

The boat continued to move forward.

Thirty minutes later, Ye Qingyu was the next person to disembark.

He would never have thought that this was how they were ranked.

He assumed that he would have been the last person to disembark since he handed over a drop of Chaotic Lightning Liquid, which was an Emperor artifact from the Lightning Emperor himself and contained remnant Emperor's Will. Yet, it still could not compare to a strand of dog fur—the Ferryman of the Netherworld was implying that Little Nine would be the last to disembark. This showed that in its eyes, that strand of dog fur was more valuable than an Emperor artifact from the Lightning Emperor.

How could that be?

Before Ye Qingyu disembarked, he gave in to his curiosity and grabbed Silly Dog, then plucked a strand of dog fur from its neck. He would dig further into this in the future.

Silly Dog looked extremely pleased with itself as it sat on the boat.

This dog was not truly foolish, and by this time, it had also understood the value of its fur.

After it saw what happened to Four Stars holy girl earlier, Silly Dog did not insist on following Ye Qingyu since there was no way it could disembark. It said smugly, "Don't miss me too much. I'll make my way forward first and come back to rescue you after I've obtained the chance to become Emperor. Hahaha!"

Ye Qingyu stood on a black rock and was left completely speechless.

The boat started moving once more and soon disappeared over the horizon.

He did not even know when it happened, but it became misty again.

Ye Qingyu looked up and all he could see were the dense fog and demon qi that filled the sky.

This dense fog was completely different from the mist that he saw in other places. It looked both gray and black, and it was extremely dense and abundant, exuding an extremely mysterious aura and a strong oppressive force. It completely blocked out everything and left him unable to see his surroundings. One couldn't help but feel nervous and even a little frightened.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

