Chapter 461:


Chapter 481, Four routes

The Old Commander stared blankly, and after a carefully thought, his eyes suddenly lit up. “Now that you mention it, the situation had changed to this extent, the First Princess has not appeared.”

Dugu Quan immediately nodded. “Yes, the First Princess is a member of the Imperial family, naturally inherits the destiny of the Imperial family, and she is extremely talented. An expert with profound cultivation, and has once received countless guidance from the War God  back then. These years, although she had rarely fought in battles, but her cultivation had reached an unbelievable level, most likely that her real battle strength is above the two Snow Emperors...”

Ouyang Buping nodded. “Indeed, First Princess is second only to martial arts Madman Hu Yu on the Imperial [Divine Dragon List], both her strength and identity are absolutely enough... By the way, how come Madman has not appeared?”

Before his voice faded.

“Haha, old Ouyang, you finally think of me,” a voice sounded out without any warning or signs whatsoever in the air.

Following a flash of brilliance, there was the surging of yuan qi.

The crowd’s vision was blurred for a moment.

Two more people appeared.

One of which was a man with snow-white hair, a youthful face, ruddy complexion, if that long white hair was ignored, he gives people the feeling that he was still a child.

Another was dressed in a white men’s warrior robe, but on her jade-like face, and smooth and fair skin was a stern expression, curved fine eyebrows, and delicate eyes, it was clearly a woman.

If Ye Qingyu was present, he would have realized that this beautiful woman disguised as a man was the white-clothed scholar that appeared next to Liu Yuqing and Xing’er at the battle of the Xian Pavilion.

When the two people appeared, the faces of all the people around suddenly changed.

“Princess, your highness!”

All people bowed.

Even Lin Zheng also slightly bowed.

The beautiful woman dressed as a man was the Empire’s First Imperial Princess Yu Junqing, ranked second in the Empire’s [Divine Dragon List].

And the old man by her side was the man ranked first on the [Divine Dragon List], [Martial Madman] Hu Yu, also regarded as the officially recognized strongest expert of the Empire.

Once all people bowed to the First Princess, they also greeted Hu Yu.

Hu Yu was a major master of the Imperial group of masters. He did not like earthly government affairs, rarely participated in the contention of power, and was born with a mischievous kid-like mentality, his biggest hobby in life was martial arts.

There was a legend about this martial-arts fanatic.

It was rumoured that in the early years, Hu Yu was only average, came from an ordinary background, and was not able to cultivate martial arts. It is said that in his first 50 years, he had only cultivated one Spirit spring, which was considered to be extremely stupid.

Such a person, with such intelligence, no one would take another glimpse at.

But for some reason, the War God noticed Hu Yu who was a nobody, and reportedly casually gave a few words of guidance to Hu Yu.

He was not even an official disciple.

But unexpectedly, Hu Yu was a late bloomer. His great talent matured slowly, astonishing the world 30 years later. His unparalleled strength broke out, and he became the leading expert of the empire.

Hu Yu was pure and simple, never took part in the Imperial affairs, and did not form a clique to pursue selfish interests. In a battle against other races, he gained notable military merits, and following that, various great forces and factions of the empire respected him, achieving superior status.

“Since the Princess has returned, it must have gone smoothly,” Lin Zheng asked.

The First Princess nodded, replying with a smile, “With [Martial Madman] Hu’s assistance, the operation naturally went smoothly. The Domain Gate within the boundaries of the Great Desert Brute Royal Court has been completely destroyed and sealed.”

Lin Zheng and Yu Feiyan both breathed a sigh of relief.

The reason that First Princess and Hu Yu did not appear was because they had gone to the Northwest Desert Brute Race, their target was the Domain Gate that was under the protection of the Great Desert Brute Race Royal Court.

While speaking, in the sky, there was another flash of brilliance.

A figure appeared.

This was a middle-aged slim man, three strands of long black beard under his jaw, appearing extremely elegant and scholarly. It was evident that he was a rare handsome man when he was young. He was slightly pale, and a strong stench of blood was emitting from his body, he should have just experienced a tragic fight.

It was Qin Lin who obstructed the First Snow Emperor.

Qin Lin, the Heavenly Sword of the Correct Path’s Five Endless Peaks of the Era of Sects.

He was a mighty expert whose powers frightened all sides a hundred years ago.

“Minister, everyone, the Domain Gate of the Hurricane Wave Demon Court has been successfully destroyed and sealed. His Majesty, the Supreme Emperor, has returned to the palace to rest. Everything went smoothly.”

“Good.” Lin Zheng nodded. “Mister Qin, you’ve done well, how is His Majesty, Supreme Emperor’s injuries?”

Qin Lin smiled lightly. “No need to worry, he should recover in one or two months.”

Upon hearing this, Lin Zheng was completely relieved.

He arrangement for Qin Lin to obstruct the First Snow Emperor was, of course, just to let the Black Demon Pool envoy to see, as well as the demon souls that were secretly watching the situation. It was just to deceive the remaining ashes of the foreign domains Fiendgods.

Their real goal was, of course, to let Mr. Qin and the First Snow Emperor to travel through the prepared secret passage to theHurricane Wave Demon Court and attack the protected areas of the Domain Gate. They were to launch a surprise attack on the opponents, and thoroughly destroy the Domain Gate.

And the purpose of Heavenly Book of the Righteous Path’s Endless Peaks Yue Xianjue of obstructing the First Snow Emperor was exactly the same as Qin Lin. On the surface it seemed that he was obstructing him, but in fact was waiting for the attention of all the parties to be diverted, before heading towards the White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race through an opened formation passage and attack the Domain Gate that was under the protection of the White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race Royal Court.

After all, once the battle of the City of Light had been completed, the two Snow Emperors would definitely be put under the spotlight and attention paid to them. Although they have remained low-key for several decades, they were still the supreme existences of the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland Domain. Those demon souls who had been planning for a hundred years would definitely pay close attention to their response.

The current situation of the Heaven Wasteland Domain was in chaos. After the several major races were pressured to the point of being unable to breathe in the past hundred years, they suddenly counterattacked the Human Race, breaking through the defense of the Human Race’s borders in one go, and troops were charging to the center of the Human Race. On the surface, it seemed that the Human Race was at an absolute disadvantage, and approaching a crisis.

But the truth?

The troops of the Human Race, which had been oppressive and controlling for a hundred years, would they really be so vulnerable?

The four main battle armies that had been honing their skills at the border for the past hundred years, would they really be so muddle headed and collapse at the first blow?

How could this be possible!

These were all just an illusion.

The four major demon royal courts were seemingly occupying the upper hand, commanding troops to advance, ever lengthening the battle line, and frequently dispatching masters and experts into the territory of the Human Race. As a result, the defense forces of the foreign races had weakened a lot.

More importantly, in such a situation where victory was seemingly within reach, the vigilance and alert the other races had towards the Human Race were reduced to the lowest degree in one hundred years.

This gave the Human Race the strength to attack the Domain Gates within the protected boundaries of the four major foreign race royal courts, creating the greatest opportunity.

Of course, in the past few decades, the first generation Snow Emperor, the current Snow Emperor, Right Minister, Yu Feiyan, and other high-level masters had strenuously and persistently exhausted their thoughts to set up this game of chess in order to deceive the four major foreign race demon courts.

This game of chess, except for the few people knowing about it, other people that were involved in it did not even detect the slightest of abnormalities.

Those who worked for the Right Minister and the people who work for Yu Feiyan, had really fought hard and tried their best for their masters, really believed in everything that they saw.

And the sacrifices over the past few decades were all true.

So much so that the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain believed in what was happening on the surface.

This game of chess that the major figures of the Human Race had been arranging for decades, was almost perfect.

And today, it was time to harvest the result.

At this moment.

In the sky, there was another twinkling of light.

The figure of [Heavenly Book] Yue Xianjue was in front of several others.

“Right Minister, everyone, it is done.” Clad in white, Yue Xianjue had a smile on his face.

With his few words, Right Minister again breathed a long sigh of relief.

The other people’s faces also lit up.

But Qin Lin’s eyes fell on the body of Yue Xianjue, his expression took an abrupt change, saying, “Brother Yu, your injury is not light, it has harmed your essence...”

Yue Xianjue waved dismissively, replying with a faint smile, “No worries, I just lost 20 years of yuan qi. Swapping it in exchange for the destruction of the Domain Gate of the White Mountain Black Waters Demon Court so that foreign evil spirits cannot pass through this Domain Gate, it is worth it.”

“Mister Yue is high and upright in character, no wonder you are a master of your generation.” Apex Prince Yu Feiyan sighed.

Dugu Quan, Ouyang Buping, and others also bowed to Yu Feiyan. “We misunderstood Right Minister and also misunderstood Mister Yue. We really feel guilty. Mister Qin’s and Mister Yue’s noble character makes us deeply ashamed.”

Yue Xianjue waved his hand, “This is all just to save the Human Race.”

The Right Minister asked again, “His Majesty, the Snow Emperor has returned safely?”

Yue Xianjue nodded, “His Majesty has returned to the palace... His injury is not light. The White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race was not weak. Although it was a surprise attack, we still almost failed. At the critical moment, it was because His Majesty ignited his essence that we were able to succeed.”

“What?” Lin Zhen and the others’ face instantly changed.

Ignited his essence?

To think they had been forced to such an extent?

Yue Xianjue just said a few words, but everyone could imagine the thrill and danger at that moment. [Heavenly Book] lost years of yuan qi, and Snow Emperor ignited his essence. Even the thought of the alarming danger at that time was enough to make everyone break out in cold sweats.

This operation, because of the fast nature and confidentiality of the surprise attack, there was only the Snow Emperor and the [Heavenly Book] Yue Xianjue who knew about it. Once they were caught in a long battle, they would be exhausted to death.

“I’m glad the plan succeeded.” Lin Zheng rubbed at his temples, also feeling bursts of mental exhaustion.

Old Commander Li Guangbi’s gaze scanned across the crowd, and finally fell on Lin Zheng and Yu Feiyan, saying angrily, “Such a big matter and I didn’t know anything, you feel that this old man is no use anymore, right?”

Having not been able to participate in this plan of a hundred years, which could change heaven and earth, the brave old man felt annoyed and regretful.

Lin Zheng smiled. “Old Commander, please forgive us, just that you, your personality is too blunt, you cannot keep anything a secret. Also, you’re one of the targets of the demon souls that they focus their attention on, so we couldn’t tell you...”

The Old Commander grunted angrily, but no longer cared.

On the other side, Dugu Quan seemed to have noticed something all of a sudden. “No, there is another route... The Domain Gate of the Snow Ground Demon Race, who is going to destroy and seal it? Among the four major races, the Snow Ground Demon Race is the most powerful, and as they have not broken through Youyan Pass yet, their strength is centralized and would not be as easy as the other three major races. I am afraid it would be incredibly difficult to launch an attack on them.

The others immediately reacted, a feeling of tightening in their chest.

Because till now, there had been no news from the Snow Ground Demon Court route.

But the Princess smiled.

While the Apex Prince Yu Feiyan had a confident and calm look on his face. “This route is the route most likely to succeed. Everyone, no need to worry, the overall situation must have been settled.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 462:


Chapter 482, The second floor sovereign ruler

“The route most likely to succeed?”

Li Guangbi was surprised for a moment.

He couldn’t think of who it was that could make Yu Feiyan and Lin Zheng so confident. The Snow Ground Demon Court was the strongest among the four major demon courts, able to stand as equals with the Human Race, and have a large number of masters and talents. They were the demon clan that gave the Human Race the most headaches.

More than hundreds of years ago, the Snow Ground Demon Court could be said to be the most powerful force in the whole Heaven Wasteland Domain. This status was maintained for thousands of years, until the rise of the Snow Empire, when it was slowly driven to the north of Blizzard Ice Field, and has been dormant ever since.

With such solid forces, even if Hu Yu and the First Princess, the two experts ranked in the top of the [Divine Dragon List] of the Empire, had personally attacked together, the success rate was not one hundred percent.

Besides the two Snow Emperors, Mister Qin, Mister Yu, the First Princess, and [Martial Madman] Hu Yu, who else could it be that has such strength?

Li Guangbi looked like he was deep in thought.

On the other side, Dugu Quan was also pondering deeply, when suddenly his eyes glowed with a look of disbelief, “Besides the Five God Generals of the [Light Palace] and the expert within the shadows, in the [Light Palace] there was another person who could be regarded as invincible. Although she rarely fought, but every time she did, heaven and earth would change colour and the enemy never had the chance to strike a second time.”

“You mean...” The body of Old Commanderl Li Guangji suddenly shook, staring wide eyed, as he exclaimed in disbelief, “You mean, could it be... the [Second Floor SSovereign Ruler]?”

Duqu Quan had completely lost his composure, looking rather excited.

“[Second Floor Sovereign Ruler]?” Left Minister Qu Hanshan finally added in a flabbergasted tone. “Her Highness is still in the Snow Empire? Didn’t they say... back then... already...”

Lin Zheng nodded. “It is the [Second Floor Sovereign Ruler], Her Highness.”

This matter could be said to have been completely decided.

Li Guangbi, Qu Hanshan, Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping, these old people, had seen many rain and wind, been through many great changes, but at this time, they also could not help bursting into a series of the most enthusiastic of cheers.

It seemed the appearance of [Second Floor Sovereign Ruler] had instantly filled these old people with hope and confidence.

On the other side Qin Zhishui gave a curious look and couldn’t help poking Fatty Wang Lijin, asking, “Hey, who is the [Second Floor Sovereign Ruler]?”

Fatty drew back the corners of his mouth into a grin, “I have never seen Her Highness, however, I’ve heard some of her impressive achievements. Her Highness was rumoured to be the wife of the unparalleled War God, and also the daughter of the First Snow Emperor. She was incomparably talented, breathtakingly beautiful, and impressively strong, second only to the matchless War God. Back then she was also one of the strong pillars of the empire. It is said that the Imperial throne of the Snow Empire was decided to pass down to Her Highness, so some people call her sovereign ruler, and because Her Highness’s resides on the second floor, six meters away from the ground, and was never on the third floor, she was called the [Second Floor Sovereign Ruler].”

“Is there such a person? Qin Zhishui was astounded. He had never heard of such a thing.

“Yes, it’s only that Her Highness had rarely fought, likes quiet, and did not care for fame or wealth, so her reputation was not well known. Very few people knew about her existence, even me, an important person of the [Light Palace], also had only heard about her. You, an outsider, naturally do not know much,” Fatty said proudly.

Qin Zhishui shot a glance at him. The smug fatty made him speechless.

But Fatty was obviously not going to let go off the opportunity to show off his knowledge, he proudly added, “Although the [Second Floor Sovereign Ruler], Her Highness, was not famous, every time she fought, heaven and earth shook. You must know about the destruction of the Greatest First Divine Sect?”

Qin Zhishui’s heart jolted when he heard this. “Greatest First Divine Sect? The supreme sect that nearly occupied one fourth of Heaven Wasteland Domain’s territory 130 years ago? It is said that when the Snow Empire was established, not many were afraid of its strength. Their first target was the Greatest First Divine Sect. They obtained victory at the first battle, and then won again, but after driving them thousands of miles away, at the main gate of the Greatest First Divine Sect, they encountered setbacks. They continuously fought for more than 100 days and were not able to drive the enemies down the mountain. The Snow Empire was unable to advance or retreat, surrounded by the reinforcements of the Greatest First Divine Sect. As they were under imminent danger, a great expert from the direction of the Snow Empire ancestral land distantly issued a palm attack hundreds of thousands of miles away, exploding the main gate of the Greatest First Divine Sect into smithereens, and even the treasured Dao weapon of the Greatest First Divine Sect was shattered into pieces...”

Fatty nodded complacently. “It was that war.”

“But that war, it is said that the unparalleled GWar God...” Qin Zhishui said in disbelief.

The rise of the Snow Empire was the subject of study for many sects, especially large sects like the Three Schools and Three Sects. They will tell disciples to learn about the past events, to understand the strength of the Snow Empire.

And the battle against the Greatest First Divine Sect was considered to be the most terrifying battle, it was the appearance of the unparalleled War God and that earth-shattering palm that simply petrified countless sects.

But this palm was thrown out by another person?

Before, Qin Zhishui was merely curious when he heard the name [Second Floor Sovereign Ruler]. Even if other people looked frightened, he did not take it seriously and instead only remembered the name, but right now, he was thoroughly shocked.

The depths of Snow Empire was really terrifying.

To this day, there was still such a person watching over it.

Fatty was still looking complacent.

On the other side.

“Then... just where is Princess Han, Her Highness, where is she?” Li Guangbi asked excitedly.

Princess Han, was the legendary [Second Floor Sovereign Ruler], Her Highness, the true First Imperial Princess Yu Junhan, a legendary figure that few people knew about.

Now the current First Princess Yu Junqing that everyone knows about was is in fact the second princess.

In the early years, Princess Han was never involved with the affairs of the world, very few people knew about her existence, and in the same year as the disappearance of the War God, it was also rumoured that Princess Han was gone. Later, people gradually forgot the existence of the Princess, and called Yu Junqing as First Princess.

“All these years, Princess Han had remained in the Royal Ancestral Land. Today’s plan, it was all thanks to the presence of Princess Han that we have the confidence to win.”

There were people cheering excitedly.

No one had noticed that, while they were cheering for Princess Han, only Aunt Heng, who was always calm, had her forehead furrowed in a worried frown, not saying a single word.

“Today’s battle had reached this point, although the overall situation has been settled, but the opening of this central Domain Gate is the will of the heavens and cannot be reversed.”

Lin Zheng looked at the silver light beam gushing out from the Earth Fire sword pit, then at the storm vortex in the sky that was spinning faster and faster, when his brows were knitted in a frown again.

He sighed a long sigh, “Unlike the narrow fixed Domain Gates of the four major royal demon courts, the location of the underground fire spirit spring is where the central gate was produced and grew by itself in Heaven Wasteland Domain. Once a domain grows to a certain extent, the central Domain Gate will appear, connecting to the rest of the realms of the world. This was the same as what the War God deduced, there is no mistake.”

Lin Zheng continued, “More importantly, once the central gate opens, it cannot be closed or destroyed, existing eternally. Heaven Wasteland Domain will certainly face attacks from forces of other domains. In at most three months, the central Domain Gate would be completely stabilized; I do not know how many domains it would be connected to at that time. At that moment, whether friends or perhaps the enemy would show up through this Domain Gate, so no matter what, we still have to prepare to greet the arrival of a new era.”

Upon hearing these words, everyone’s face grew serious again.

Indeed.

For a long time, because Heaven Wasteland Domain was a new domain, it was not closely related to the other domains of the universe.

Before the emergence of the real important domains, the connection between Heaven Wasteland Domain and the other domains was only through a narrow Domain Gate, or a space-time portal opened via a supreme remarkable ability or divine weapon.

Through these accidental channels, Heaven Wasteland Domain was able to know more about other domains.

The large-scale invasion more than a century ago, a demi-emperor existence in another domain opened up a sacred gate, and the forces of other domains came flooding into Heaven Wasteland Domain. It was a terrible disaster for the original inhabitants of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

In the last hundred years, Lin Zheng and Yu Feiyan, through the Black Demon Abyss and the Saint Sect, had learnt a lot of information about the other domains of the universe.

No matter where the information was obtained from, for Heaven Wasteland Domain, it was not very good.

All kinds of information demonstrated that in the other mature domains, there were countless sects, imperial courts exist side by side, and the martial arts were more developed than those of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

In Heaven Wasteland Domain, whether it was the Human Race or other races, people at the peak of Heaven Ascension can be regarded as true top experts.

But in other domains, the Immortal steps realm, the Creation realm and even higher realms, all existed...

The invasion of hundred years ago has left behind too much of a shadow on the living creatures of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

If that unparalleled War God had not appeared, then Heaven Wasteland Domain would have most likely become a puppet of that demi-emperor existence.

Therefore, the opening of the central Domain Gate, for the people of Heaven Wasteland Domain, was definitely not very good news.

Fortunately, from Lin Zheng’s tone, it was evident that the unparalleled War God had predicted the opening of the central Domain Gate today, and left behind some arrangement, easing the pressure off everyone a little.

“That being the case, let’s hurry and carry out the plan that the War God had left behind,” Yu Feiyan added, he was one of the few people that knew of this plan of hundred years. “Moreover, we have the [Second Floor Sovereign Ruler] Her Highness, I believe that as long as we prepare adequately, we would certainly be able to grasp the central Domain Gate in our hands.”

“Yes. Fortunately, the situation has not deteriorated to the worst extent,” Li Guangbi said.

At this time, Lu Heng, who had kept silent all along, suddenly opened her mouth, “Ye Qingyu is injured, he is in very serious condition.”

Everyone’s face darkened at once.

The Right Minister sighed, “Yes, this Ye Qingyu really is a genius of my Human Race, with proper cultivation, he definitely would become a leading figure of Heaven Wasteland Domain, unfortunately...”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 463:


Chapter 483, Who is Ye Qingyu?

Qu Hanshan also exclaimed, “Whether it is the mind, talent in martial arts, or cultivation, he could be said as the best seen in the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland in a hundred years. Unfortunately, in this plan of a hundred years, he suffered a critical injury; fortunately he is still alive. About this matter, let’s think about how we could find a way to save him.”

All the people were sighing endlessly.

Everybody had witnessed Ye Qingyu’s performance.

No matter who it was, they all had great respect and admiration for the young Lord of the Light Palace.

A 17-year-old boy had done countless things that the older generation could not achieve.

Not only his personal strength, but the strong personal charm and inspiring demeanour that Ye Qingyu had, touched everyone’s heart.

Such a younger junior really was a diamond in the rough, worth carving vigorously.

It was a pity.

If Ye Qingyu knew about this plan of a hundred years, maybe it wouldn’t have resulted like this?



But there was no if.

It was precisely because of Qu Hanshan, Li Guangbi and many other people like Ye Qingyu, who did not know the truth, summoned up the courage and fought bravely, that they were able to deceive all enemies and make this plan even more perfect.

“For today’s plan, there had been too many sacrifices. Unfortunately, Ye Qingyu... it can’t be helped.” Right Minister let out a long sigh. “For the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland, even if there was a greater sacrifice, it is worth it.”

The Old Commander, Li Guangbi nodded in regret.

Qu Hanshan kept quiet.

Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping were both filled with grief and indignation, but could not say anything. After all, just as Lin Zheng had said, there have been too many people sacrificing their life for today’s plan. Martial masters, nobles, and members of the Imperial family had all paid a huge price.

These kinds of people were not just sacrificed today.

There have been many more. In order to complete today’s plan, for the past hundred of years, there have been tragic sacrifices, people enduring humiliation, and some could not tell their secrets even till death.

After generations upon generations of human elites stepping up to replace fallen comrades, they finally harvested some results today.

In this respect, the sacrifice that Ye Qingyu made did not seem to be special.

But at this point, Lu Heng spoke again.

She said in a low voice, “You are all wrong, Ye Qingyu’s sacrifice is something we cannot afford. Today, even if we were all to die, nothing should have happened to him... Originally, I should have had everything under control, but did not think that the situation unexpectedly changed to this degree, I... this is now the biggest problem, this responsibility, none of us can bear.”

“Huh?” Right Minister Lin Zheng was taken aback.

Other people stared puzzled at Lu Heng, not knowing why she said such words.

Lu Heng let out a long sigh, “Do you know who Ye Qingyu is?”

Everyone was startled.

“Brother Ye, he... is he not Deer City....Young Master Ye of the Ye household?” Dugu Quan was perplexed.

Who was Ye Qingyu?

The question was simply too simple.

The people who were present, which one had not once investigated Ye Qingyu’s identity before.

The young officer that was promoted by the empire, the person that the Crown Prince his Royal Highness had entrusted with heavy responsibility, must have been subjected to countless investigations. From any point of view, Ye Qingyu’s origin was simple to the extreme, there was no suspicious points.

Right Minister Lin Zheng used his own network of intelligence and even investigated the midwife that delivered Ye Qingyu. The results were conclusive and unmistakable.

Even Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping, before making friends with Ye Qingyu, had also investigated his details.

From all the evidences, there was nothing suspicious about Ye Qingyu’s background.

If it was someone else that asked this question, then the people present would have scoffed at the remark.

But the problem was that these words came from the mouth of Lu Heng.

Lin Zheng and Yu Feiyan knew who Lu Heng was and what her status was more than anyone else.

The reason that Lu Heng asked this question was of course not to make a joke.

So that meant that...

Ye Qingyu’s identity and history were not the same as what the people knew?

Lu Heng breathed a long, long sigh.

In her entire life, even in the most difficult days, there was not a time when she had sighed so frequently like she had today, nor was there a time that she was as deeply worried as today.

She turned and walked towards the [Light Palace].

“Miss and Xing’er should return soon... But, I really do not know, how to explain to Miss...”

Lu Heng entered the [Light Palace].

Lu Zheng, who had a baffled expression on his face, was frozen with fear and momentarily afraid to speak.

From this sentence of Lu Heng, he vaguely captured some shocking information, and then his whole body stiffened, his feet glued to the ground.

At this moment, there was a monstrous wave set off in Lin Zheng’s heart.

In his life, no matter what kind of difficulty he had faced, there was not one moment when he was as astonished and frightened as now. A light flashed through his mind, and Lin Zheng felt weak at the knees.

Cold sweats, like slurry, were trickling down Lin Zheng’s forehead.

On the other side, Yu Feiyan, seeing Lin Zheng’s expression, also came to realize something. He carefully pondered Lu Heng’s words, when his face went pale and shocked as though he had just seen a ghost.

“This... no way... it’s impossible?” he exclaimed out loud.

In a split second, Yu Feiyan felt like his back was drenched.

The other people were more and more baffled.

Yu Feiyan and Lin Zheng had fought for decades, even though it was all an act all this time, they had deceived the whole world. These two were publicly recognized as the most unfathomable two people among the higher officials of the empire, the two terrifying existences that do not reveal any emotions on their face.

But at this moment, both these men were ghastly pale, trembling.

Seeing this scene, Dugu Quan and the others immediately realized that something very serious had happened.

But what was it?

Related to Ye Qingyu?

What could it be that could made these two so shocked?

Could it be that Ye Qingyu’s identity and history were not as simple as it appears to be? But even if the Prince died in battle, or the death of the Snow Emperor, these two major figures would not lose their composure as much as they did now?

Just as a strange atmosphere was forming, there was another flicker of flowing light descending in the sky.

Brilliance flashed into a slim silhouette.

It was Little Princess Yu Xiaoxing.

“Ah, you’re all here. What about Aunt Heng?” Yu Xiaoxing’s gaze swept across the crowd. Noticing that Ye Qingyu was not present, she then looked at the surrounding mountain of corpses, her mind thinking of that person.

Lin Zheng pointed to the [Light Palace] with an ashen face.

“Hey? Why does everyone look like they had just seen a ghost?” Yu Xiaoxing noticed the same expression on Lin Zheng, Yu Feiyan and the others’ face, with her intelligence she had a bad feeling inside, turned to look at Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping and asked, “Ye Qingyu? Why hasn’t he, the Lord of Light, appeared?”

The two old men knew about Little Princess and Ye Qingyu’s friendship and did not know what to say.

Yu Xiaoxing suddenly realized something.

She immediately sprinted towards the [Light Palace].

Just as she came to the entrance, Lu Heng was coming out from the inside. Seeing her, Lu Heng was startled for a moment, then shook her head. “Do not go in for now...”

Yu Xiaoxing stared blankly at Lu Heng.

The bad feeling that the Little Princess felt inside was becoming much clearer.

She vaguely guessed what it was. Her eyes flashed with an unprecedented colour of fear, screaming out all of a sudden, her eyes glistening with tears, and then like a lightning she frantically darted inside regardless of what Aunt Heng said...

Lu Heng hurriedly pulled her back.

“He is seriously injured, the formation of the Palace is repairing his injury, Xing’er, if you really care about him, do not go in to disturb him.”

Yu Xiaoxing struggled, until she realized that Aunt Heng’s hand was firmly clamp around her arm, stared fixedly at Lu Heng and asked in a sobbing tone, “Aunt Heng, don’t lie to me, tell me, he... is he really okay? Is he just injured?”

Lu Heng was hesitant for a moment.

It was this hesitation that almost broke the Little Princess’s heart.

She struggled desperately.

But Lu Heng’s fair hand, like lightning, pressed at Yu Xiaoxing’s neck and the Little Princess fainted.

“Calm down first.”

Lu Heng sighed again.

Yu Xiaoxing as the Imperial princess, bore the destiny of the Imperial family. The [Second Floor Sovereign Ruler] Yu Junhan and her went to the Snow Ground Demon Court to destroy the last Domain Gate of other races, and since she came back, then that meant that Yu Junhan must have also returned.

It seemed that the last Domain Gate had been sealed.

But Lu Heng’s heart had not relaxed the slightest bit.

“No matter what, I have to go find Miss, perhaps she could treat Ye Qingyu.” Lu Heng clenched her teeth and decided to tell Yu Junhan.

Carrying Yu Xiaoxing in her arms, she walked down from the stone steps, said a few words to Lin Zheng and the others, and was about to head over to the Royal Ancestral Land, when suddenly----

Swoosh!

A dark stream of flowing light suddenly ripped through the sky, like an extraterrestrial meteorite, causing an earth-shattering explosion.

Strong dark forces were surging violently.

“What’s going on?”

Lin Zheng and the others immediately looked up.

Within Lu Heng’s eyes, lights were flashing.

Swoosh!

The dark flames did not stop on the ground. Instead it headed straight towards the entrance of the [Light Palace] at lightning speed.

“No... stop it!”

“Who is it?”

Lu Heng yelled and was the first to attack.

Lin Zheng and Yu Feiyan did not react too slow as they flashed over to the palace gate to block.

“Get lost!”

The cold voice of a maiden resounded.

Bang!

A terrifying flaming bear came roaring out, tearing the void.

The frightening forces of the dark flame ruptured like the wrath of heaven.

Lu Heng, Lin Zheng and Yu Feiyan were all top experts, yet still could not compete with this force, and were sent hurtling across the air.

And at this very moment, the dark red flames that were wrapped around the young girl’s figure had actually broken the power of the [Light Palace], or rather were not obstructed by the powers of the [Light Palace], directly entering into the inside.

“Squeak squeak squeak...”

The little white rabbit in the palace immediately sounded out happily----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 464:




"It's him!"“

Lu Heng finally reacted. She instantly realized,this was the new Queen of the Unmoving City of Darkness, Song Xiaojun that had descended.

Black flames.

A bear covered with black flames.

These were the markings of the Queen of Darkness that had risen in prominence in the last few years.

Ever since the battle at Youyan Pass had begun, this young girl that was like the queen of darkness had demonstrated her strength utterly and fully. She became an existence that any force in Heaven Wasteland Domain could not regard lightly at all.

As for the relationship of Ye Qingyu with this queen of darkness, it was not any such great secret.

For Lin Zheng, Lu Heng as well as Yu Feiyan, people who paid attention, as long as they spent some effort, they could discover this fact.

Because they were able to distinguish the person's identity, they were not as tense as they were in the beginning.

Furthermore the power the flaming bear that came from darkness exploded with caused the people to have no way of entering into the [Light Palace].

Very quickly, there was a roar of rage that sounded out from within the palace.

This was a shout that contained endless anger and questioning.

What followed after was a berserk chaotic stream of darkness which spread about. There was a faint red flame that spurted out from within the [Light Palace], as if it wanted to smelt the entire [Light Palace].

Everyone all took steps backwards.

The killing power of the Dark Flames of the Lotus was simply too terrifying.

Then one could see the Song Xiaojun covered in the Dark Flames of the Lotus, carrying Ye Qingyu's charcoal-like body that was sealed by ice. She took step after step away from the entrance of the [Light Palace].

The little silver dragon lay on the ice.

The little white rabbit bit into the tail of the silly dog Little Nine, dragging it bit by bit, following tightly behind Song Xiaojun.

The lotus flames that were as fierce as a hurricane burned, surrounding Song Xiaojun's petite body. It was as if it was a dark lotus blooming with fire, with flames all around. The Song Xiaojun whose body had already matured was like an enraged queen of darkness that walked out from a living hell.

The moment when her bloodline of darkness awakened was only approximately three years ago.

That little loli that was once muddled-headed had already grown up. She was significantly taller, and her shapely body had already begun to emerge. She had long and slender legs, with a slim waist, and completely smooth skin. She still had a bit of baby fat that was still evident on her face, a face that was so intricate it was enough to make one dizzy.

Perhaps because of the reason of the bloodline of the queen of darkness, there was a noble aura surrounding on this young girl that made it seem as if she was a queen, causing one not to dare stare directly at her.

When she was enraged, a torrent of darkness exploded.

Carrying Ye Qingyu in her embrace, she walked out step by step.

In her normally icy cold eyes, as if she did not regard anything important in this world, her eyes were already completely dark red. There was a cold glimmer that caused one to feel fear radiating in her eyes.

This was the colour of fury.

"Lin Zheng!" Song Xiaojun's voice was like the reaper naming someone, causing one to not help but shiver. Her dark red eyes stared at the Right Minister in anger, "You promised me nothing would happen to him!"

Lin Zheng deeply breathed in, shame on his face, "An accident happened..."

"Shut your mouth!" Song Xiaojun's icy voice surged, like she was an enraged and angry monarch. "I don't want to hear your excuses. Remember, if there is anything that is to happen to him, you will pay!"

The Right Minister fell into silence.

"Not only you." Song Xiaojun's dark red gaze was like a blade, sweeping past the figures of everyone, scanning them one by one, "If brother Qingyu does not recover, I will make every one of you, make the entire Snow Empire, accompany him!"

In her tone, there was an anger that could not be questioned, as if it was a deity stating an edict or law.

At this instant, no one dared to stand face to face with such a furious queen of darkness.

The flames and aura of anger through the skies was like the surge of the ocean. It nearly drowned this entire world.

Qin Zhishui looked towards Song Xiaojun.

In the battle at Youyan Pass, Song Xiaojun was the perpetrator that had injured Lu Zhaoge. And in a very long period of time after, Song Xiaojun was someone that the empire has tried to persecute.

But he had never heard that this newly appointed Queen of Darkness had such a miraculous relationship with Ye Qingyu. Ye Qingyu's heavy injuries had caused Song Xiaojun to turn crazy.

Wang Lijin by the side had his head lowered. His mouth was closed, but in his heart, he was in complete admiration.

"What is this, my little Lord is just so amazing. Previously, with the performance of that Little Princess, it's evident that she already deeply cares about him. Who would have thought that such a little girl of darkness that is like the death god would also have a heart that yearns for him. For the Little Lord, she did not care about berating the Right Minister, and act as the enemy of the entire empire... for such, it's worth it to be a man.”

The other people did not discover the heart's voice of this fatty.

Lu Heng could not help but advance a step, blocking Song Xiaojun. In a low voice, "City Lord Song, just where are you bringing little Yu?"

"Since you can't save him, then I will bring him to the Unmoving City of Darkness." Song Xiaojun laughed grimly. "At least within the Unmoving City of Darkness, no one will dare hurt him."

“You cannot bring Little Yu away." Lu Heng immediately replied. "The [Light Palace] can help him maintain his life and recover his soul. If you bring Little Yu away, you will cause him harm.”

"There is nothing that the [Light Palace] can do that the Unmoving City of Darkness cannot." As Song Xiaojun said this, she was about to leave.

"Impudence!"

The Right Minister Lin Zheng finally let out an angry shout.

He took several step forwards. "Demonic girl, just where do you think this is. For me to tolerate your appearance is already showing mercy. To think you would even dare bring Lord Ye away, just what do you think the [Light Palace] is?”

"That's right, the identity of Palace Lord Ye is special, he must not go with you to the Unomving City of Darkness," Qu Hanshan said by the side with a frown.

"Palace Lord Ye is moral and righteous. If he entered into the Unmoving City of Darkness, will he not be tainted? If you are really being considerate of Palace Lord Ye, then don't cause chaos," there were several other people that shouted in unison.

"Surround her!"

Those experts that had survived quickly surrounded her with great hustle.

The fatty Wang Lijin did not know the intricacies of the situation. He only brought the soldiers he had commanded and pretended to take a step or two forward.

"A bunch of shameless people." Song Xiaojun was so angry that she smiled instead. "The greater good that you regard so highly, the accomplishments of the Human Race that you regard so highly - for this you are willing to casually sacrifice others. But you are all the complete appearance of guiltlessness. Brother Qingyu did so much for you people, but you are not grateful, but still care about that dogfart righteousness and name. What does this matter? Even if the Unmoving City of Darkness is able to save brother Qingyu, you are still not letting him go, is that right?"

There were some people that lowered their heads in shame.

There were some people that did not dare meet gazes with the Queen of Darkness.

The Right Minister Lin Zheng still took a hard stance, "That's right. Even if we allow you to bring him away, if you bring him away, you are causing harm to Palace Lord Ye... could it be that you want Palace Lord Ye to end up the same as you, descending eternally within the Unmoving City of Darkness?"

Song Xiaojun took a step forward, killing intent exploded, "Old dog, what darkness and light. is this something a frog in the well like you can define? Today, I will definitely bring him away. Whoever wants to stop me, they can test the power of the Black Lotus Radiance.”

As she said this, the black lotus flames surrounding the young girl surged. She took large strides forwards.

"Stop her!" Lin Zheng said in anger.

Yu Feiyan and the others activated their yuan power, meeting her.

The situation broke off in but a moment's time.

No matter what the reason, they must not let Song Xiaojun bring Ye Qingyu away. This was especially so after Lin Zheng and Yu Feiyan could faintly guess at his identity and the relations he had. Even if they risked their lives, they could not allow Ye Qingyu to be carried away in such a situation.

Song Xiaojun, upon seeing this, the killing intent in her eyes burned.

At this time, the little princess Yu Xiaoxing that had originally fainted woke up slightly. Her strength was originally powerful and she became conscious quicker than Lu Heng had originally estimated.

With her wisdom and cleverness, seeing the scene, she instantly realized something.

Yu Xiaoxing had long discovered the intricacies of that relationship between Ye Qingyu and Song Xiaojun through her womans intuition.

"Stop, don't act." Yu Xiaoxing struggled to jump up, rushing to Song Xiaojun and the others. Loudly shouting, "Retreat, everyone retreat..."

"Princess..." The Right Minister's complexion changed, wanting to say something.

"Shut your mouth, don't speak," Yu Xiaoxing shouted authoritatively. In her eyes, there was only fear and sorrow. Lifting her head and shouting, "Retreat, all of you retreat. Don't stop her, let her take brother Qingyu away, no one is to stop her!"

"But Princess, that demonic girl is the darkness..." Lin Zheng frowned, wanting to say something.

"Don't speak anymore, I know," Yu Xiaoxing screamed. "I don't care, I don't care about such things. Darkness or Light, it has nothing to do with me. I only want my brother Qingyu to live on, I only want him to live. I don't care about other matters, if Song Xiaojun is able to save brother Qingyu, then let her bring brother Qingyu away... move away, all of you move away!"

There were clear and translucent tears that began slowly dripping on her beautiful and white-as-jade face.

Her somewhat skinny figure seemed exceedingly lonely within the skies filled with snow, under the surrounding people. One's heart could not help but ache.

The her at this moment, did not have the pride and self-confidence she had normally. She did not have the deviousness and mischievousness she had, without the calmness that she had at Youyan Pass. In these past years, the [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing had made her train her heart and mental state. At this moment, it had completely turned into ashes.

The Yu Xiaoxing at this moment was like a gambler that had wagered everything she had. Her eyes looked fixedly on the body of Ye Qingyu in ice that Song Xiaojun had in her embrace, forgetting about everything else.

"Princess, this matter is too important. Princess you... must reconsider..." Lin Zheng said carefully, wanting to persuade Yu Xiaoxing.

If it were other people, with Lin Zheng's status and position, if others spoke in such a manner, they would have long been sent flying, or perhaps have been ordered to move away.

But Yu Xiaoxing was after all of the Imperial family. Lin Zheng was still a minister in front of Yu Xiaoxing.

Of course, most important, with Yu Xiaoxing's identity, she was not only just the Princess. Most importantly, she was...

"That's right, Xing'er, you cannot be impulsive in this matter. It's best that you don't interfere." Yu Feiyan also opened his mouth.“

The reason he and Lin Zheng wanted to make Ye Qingyu forcibly stay was because they had reasons they really had no way of explaining.

"Don't speak anymore, my mind is made up." Yu Xiaoxing wiped away her tears, then suddenly straightened her figure. Her expression became unprecedentedly determined, saying word by word, no room to bend at all, "My words don't have effect when I speak with the identity of a Princess? Fine, then I'll switch to another identity..."

As she said this, there was a flash in her palm. There was a golden Imperial seal that appeared, nine dragons carved around the jade. The Imperial aura roiled as she said unquestionably, "Right now, as the Crown Prince of the Empire, I order you to retreat, don't block her. Do you understand?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

