Chapter 249:


Chapter 249 - I know your name

A bitter smile could not be helped but appear on Lin Qingyi's face.

He had finally made a mistake; it was his first time going on such a wild goose chase through his own erroneous judgement.

To think that he really believed in the contents of Shopkeeper Sui's message. If news were to spread of his error, it was most likely that he would become a great laughing stock within the community.

"This is a fake pill. We came here for nothing, but you three, come here and take a look. After all, the saying goes, you grow wiser with every mistake you make. After experiencing this, you will be able to tell apart…" He shook his head while he let out a sigh, saying to the three others next to him.

The other three people were his students.

Although they were older than him, but there were no such things as seniority in learning, so he was their master.

Lin Qingyi had an astounding talent and had a great master. Although his three students also had exceptional background, but they needed to expend a great deal of effort and fight with a multitude of competitors to barely be able to obtain the chance to learn by Lin Qingyi’s side.

The three, hearing these words, received the jade box and began carefully examining it.

They examined and evaluated it, coming to a conclusion.

Shopkeeper Sui sweated cold bullets by the side.

This time, he had really made a big mistake. To have wasted the time of a genius like Lin Qingyi. Although Lin Qingyi had a gentle and generous personality and was not a person who would retaliate by doing anything , but no matter what, this was a mark on his record and would affect his future career with Hundred Herb Hall.

"If I see that mysterious hooded person again, I will definitely take care of him."

Shopkeeper Sui cursed in his heart.

The other side.

The evaluation of the three students finally ended.

The youngest student who was only around twenty or so years old casually lifted one of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]. With a laugh, he pinched it, saying, "This is really far too funny. To dare brag about such a low class pill saying that it could increase a person at the thirty Spirit spring cultivation stage by half a year without any side effects. What a divine pill that would be. What a conman, he must have been kicked in the head. To dare attempt to scam the Hundred Herb Hall…"

As he said this, the force that he held the pill was a little too strong.

Ka-cha.

A light sound emitted.

It was like the sound of something breaking.

A minute white-coloured line began appearing on the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet].

A strange and indescribable fragrance began wafting from within the pill.

Even though it was only a shred, but in an instant, it was as if divine qi was emanating throughout the room… …… ……

White Horse tower.

An entire eight hours had already passed by.

Time seemed to last as long as an entire era.

Liu Siufeng and the others already could nearly bear it no longer and wanted to break open the door and see what was happening. However, at this time, the door of the room finally opened.

Lu Zhaoge walked out from inside.

Ye Qingyu followed behind him.

"Big brother, how is it, your injury…" Liu Siufeng could not help but rush forward in concern immediately.

Normally, in front of other people, he would always refer to Lu Zhaoge as the Pass Lord and follow the military disciple strictly. He would not reveal that he and the others were sworn brothers, but today, concern clouded his heart. He already did not care about such restrictions.

"What do you think?"

Perhaps it was the fact that his mood was great, there was a warm smile on Lu Zhaoge's face.

Liu Siufeng instantly closely examined Lu Zhaoge.

He was incomparably delighted to discover the Lu Zhaoge's originally deathly pale complexion was now filled with vitality. His withered skin had become much more luscious and his figure once again stood straight. What was more important was that his blood qi had recovered and was powerfully surging like the crash of the ocean. Although it was not as deep and unfathomable as it was when he was at his peak, but it could definitely be described as filled with vigour.

It was especially so for the aura surrounding Lu Zhaoge. It was like long silk floss, continuous and endless, containing no trace at all of his previous situation. Evidently he had gotten, far, far better.

"This… great commander, you've… recovered?"

Peng Yizhen could not believe his eyes as he let out a shocked exhale.

Even his voice was trembling.

He was afraid that he would hear any bad news, or perhaps see Lu Zhaoge shaking his head.

Nearly everyone held their breaths.

Lu Zhaoge held significant meaning for the entire Youyan Pass— even the whole of Snow Empire. He could even be said to be the pillar that held the sky up. If anything were to happen to him, it would be enough to affect the fortunes and strength of the entire Empire. It was a disaster of which the costs could not be estimated… And the most important thing was, this man was their oath sworn brother.

There was a smile that appeared on Lu Zhaoge's face.

He nodded his head saying, "I am already largely okay. As long as I rest my body for a period of time, I can recover."

Before he had even finished.

An excited cheer that could not be stopped began to sound.

There were people who wanted to say something, but Lu Zhaoge lifted his hands for silence and for the surroundings to quieten down. Only then did he say with a smile, "Only the people here know of this matter. Don't spread the news of this out. I know the soldiers are very worried about my situation. I've kept out of the limelight these past days and remained silent, so the morale of the soldiers must have taken a large hit. But this is absolutely not the best time."

At this time on the fourth floor of the White Horse tower, there were also one person that was distinct from Liu Siufeng, Liu Yuqing, these six central characters. Only Ye Congyun did not belong to the central layer of power.

For the young military officer to remain here for so long, there was of course a reason.

Ever since eight hours ago, when he had walked out from the quiet room, Liu Siufeng was able to sense an exceedingly strange aura. Ye Congyun’s aura was extremely similar to Lu Zhaoge, if they closed their eyes and used their other senses, they would really have the mistaken impression that Ye Congyun was the clone of Lu Zhaoge.

Of course, Ye Congyun did not have the powerful cultivation of Lu Zhaoge.

Liu Siufeng and the others were extremely perceptive, they had already made some conclusions in their heart.

There were only a couple of people that knew Lu Zhaoge was recovering from his injuries. Keeping this whole affair a secret was naturally easy. Furthermore, no one else knew that they had arrived in White Horse tower.

This matter was easily kept a secret.

It was only that the Ye Qingyu who followed behind Lu Zhaoge had a comparatively poor complexion compared to Lu Zhaoge.

His face was utterly white, as if he had applied powder on himself. His aura was also much weaker and delicate, with unsteady footsteps, his vitality suffering. His skin had evidently dulled and his pupils were filled with blood, as if he had just experienced a great illness.

"This time, it's all thanks to Marquis Ye acting out. This has made you pay a great price. I owe you a favour."

Lu Zhaoge had a face filled with gratitude as he grasped his hands in thanks towards Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu shook his head. "Pass Lord, you have given far too great a credit. The health of your body concerns the safety of the entire Youyan Pass. For me to be able to do something is my fortune and expending a bit of inner yuan is not important. Anyone in the Pass would do the same as I have done. Furthermore, when I was treating your injuries, I also received great benefits. The conditions that you promised me, if we account for it carefully, it's me that was taking advantage of you… I had no choice so please forgive me…"

As he finished these words, Ye Qingyu clasped his hands, respectfully paying his respects.

As the others heard these words, they could not help but feel surprised.

Could it be that in the isolation room, apart from treating injuries, there were some other matter that had occurred?

Lu Zhaoge waved his hands. "These are all small matters. Qingyu, you are young and heroic, decisive, and have greatly aided Youyan Pass. You naturally have your own reasons for wanting that item, I will definitely be able to obtain it for you." "Thank you, Pass Lord." Ye Qingyu once again paid his thanks.

Lu Zhaoge smiled, his gaze turning, and landing on the body of Ye Congyun.

"This little brother, could it be that you are also someone belonging to White Horse tower?" He was somewhat surprised, asking.

"Reporting to the Pass Lord, I… I am one of the administration secretary under officer Zhang Qian in the Vanguard," Ye Congyun did not dare be tardy in his answer, lowering his head as he respectfully said.

"Oh? Ye Congyun, I've heard of your name before." Lu Zhaoge nodded his head.

He did no say that just for show. He had really seen Ye Congyun's name on several scrolls in the Military council pavilion.

This year, the [Youyan army] had given the name of fifty administration officers that could be promoted. On the list the Vanguard sent over for promotion, there was Ye Congyun's name within and he had received a fairly high evaluation.

It was only that this promotion would affect the future direction of the military council pavilion. Hence before instating the promotion, these candidates needed to be hiddenly observed for a period of time before they could be chosen. This had always undergone in the background. Everyone on the list would receive a certain extent of hidden protection.

This was the reason why Wen Wan, Liu Zongyuan, although those two were within the Vanguard, had to spend such a long time and searched for so long although they were also in the Vanguard, to seek out some hazy information regarding Ye Congyun.

Lu Zhaoge had placed great importance on the administration selection this time, and had browsed through several of the scrolls. He especially remembered Ye Congyun's evaluation: "Stable and strong personality, rarely seen in the military, kind and cautious nature." This was extremely suited to what he favoured, so he naturally paid more attention.

Even the commanders of the other camps like Liu Siufeng did not know about this matter.

What made Lu Zhaoge feel surprised was that he would encounter Ye Congyun in White Horse tower.

And from the surface, this young man seemed to have a close relationship with Ye Qingyu.

Otherwise, Ye Qingyu would not waste a drop of precious blood essence and incorporate it within Ye Congyun's body.

There was a trace of confusion floating in Lu Zhaoge's eyes as he looked towards Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu did not hesitate, recounting Ye Congyun's background as well as the relationship he had with him.

"So it was like so."

After Lu Zhaoge finished listening to this, he could not but sigh with sorrow.

The sentries that Ye Qingyu mentioned were also once warriors that had fought in Youyan Pass, they were soldiers that once followed him.

Perhaps it was because his injuries had nearly recovered, the mood of the [War God of Youyan Pass] was exceptionally well.

"Haha, since you are someone from White Horse tower, then everything is easily settled. " He turned to look at Liu Siufeng with a smile, "Siufeng, it seems to have to do with one of your cherished soldiers. This little kid is originally one of the members the military council pavilion is secretly evaluating and I'm also very satisfied with him. Let's do it like this, tomorrow let him report in the Pass Lord's residence.”

As these words were said, everyone was shocked.

Liu Siufeng was dumbfounded, then reacted with a laugh. "I know." Saying this, he patted Ye Congyun on the shoulder, saying, "Young man, you're luck has come."

Ye Congyun did not imagine such a situation would develop.

The Lu Zhaoge, who had an unprecedentedly great mood, was as if he had endless shocking statements he had to make. He turned his head towards Ye Qingyu, "Marquis Ye, I have a matter to discuss with you. I want to accept Ye Congyun as my disciple, I wonder if I have your approval?"

At this, everyone was once again dumbfounded.

The Pass Lord wanted to accept a disciple?

This can't be true?

They must have misheard?

One must know, Lu Zhaoge had never accepted a disciple ever before.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 250:


250 - A Sparrow Transforming into an Eagle

Many children of wealthy families and nobles, everyone of them either rich or noble, wanted to become Lu Zhaoge’s student. They sought out the help of countless people and tried to utilize countless connections. All sorts of methods were used to become the disciple of Lu Zhaoge.

According to the rumours, it was even said that the Emperor himself personally requested Lu Zhaoge to accept one of the princes as his disciple, but they were also rejected.

The geniuses that wanted to become Lu Zhaoge's disciple were as numerous as the fishes of the river, too numerous to mention individually.

As long as Lu Zhaoge opened his mouth, there would be countless youths bowing down with a cry to become his disciple.

This was not only because of the fact that Lu Zhaoge was one of the few extreme level experts in the Empire, but also the fact that he occupied a special position. Commander Lu Zhaoge had been within the Youyan army for tens or years, contributing significantly in battles. No matter whether it was respect, power or status, there was no one at all who could compare to him in the army.

Therefore, becoming Lu Zhaoge's disciple not only meant they could inherit the excellent martial way of Lu Zhaoge, becoming a power within the martial world, they could also inherit the prestige and respect that Lu Zhaoge had constructed throughout the years. Even a beggar, by becoming Lu Zhaoge's disciple, would ascend to the heavens in one fell swoop, instantly becoming an important character that the forces of the entire empire would have to pay special attention to.

No one could have imagined that Lu Zhaoge, a person who had never accepted a disciple, would personally offer to accept an unknown little military officer.

Everyone jolted, their fiery, shocked gazes instantly concentrating on Ye Congyun.

After this, no matter how stable and calm Ye Congyun's heart was, even it could not avoid becoming panicky and stunned.

In truth, he would not even dare to imagine such great things happening to him.

But right now… fortune descended far too quickly. His entire person was thrown into a state of confusion, not knowing what to say. His mind was completely blank. Only after a short while did he recover, looking towards Ye Qingyu subconsciously.

Because previously, he had aready said, he would treat Ye Qingyu as his leader. It was Ye Qingyu who gave him his new life.

Ye Qingyu, who had finally recovered from his shock at this time, became overjoyed. With a laugh, "Haha, what are you looking at me for? Quickly accept such a great honour… Hey, hey, please don't be stupid at such a time. Why are you still hesitating, quickly bow down to your master."

In truth, Ye Qingyu was truly sincerely happy for Ye Congyun.

Originally, he was still considering how he could aid the Ye Congyun who had been reborn. He had even considered whether to pass on the techniques from the ancient Bronze book to Ye Congyun, but these techniques may not be entirely suitable for his training. If he could not pass on the cultivation techniques, then, for the other methods, he had to find a qualified teacher, which was somewhat difficult.

He had not imagined Lu Zhaoge would personally offer to accept Ye Congyun as his disciple.

Ye Congyun's fortune, was really far too fantastic.

"But, but… I…" Ye Congyun gasped breathlessly, forcing himself to calm his emotions down.

Then he respectfully and sincerely bowed in front of Lu Zhaoge, "To be able to become Pass Lord Lu's disciple is something that I would not even dare to dream about. But I... my foundation is too poor. I'm already twenty-one years old, I've already wasted the ideal training age. I fear that my slow speed of cultivation will bring shame to you."

There was a trace of admiration that passed by in Lu Zhaoge's eyes as he heard these words.

"As a disciple of me, Lu Zhaoge, how can you be afraid of losing face? Furthermore, you have already incorporated my blood essence into your body, we are of the same origin. You are the best candidate to inherit my martial path. Although you have passed by the optimum cultivation age, Marquis Ye has refined your body with his special technique. The you today can already be regarded as someone who has been completely reborn, as if you have been given a new life. This is namely the most ideal stage to start training. And because of my blood essence, you practicing my martial way will have twice the effect with half the effort… Haha, don't think too hard about unnecessary and muddled thoughts. A martial artist should step forward without fear and charge forward bravely. Don’t hesitate and doubt because of such minor matters."

After hearing Lu Zhaoge’s words, Ye Congyun did not hesitate anymore.

"Disciple, Ye Congyun, bows to his master."

The young military officer did a full bow to the ground, respectfully undergoing the full ceremony of becoming Lu Zhaoge's disciple.

Lu Zhaoge nodded his head. "Good, stand up. The matters today will be settled like so. After a short while, I will arrange an official master-disciple ceremony to let the entire world know that from now on, Congyun, you are my disciple. I naturally cannot let the matter of me accepting a disciple pass by in such a casual fashion.”

"Thank you, master."

He slowly recovered. His strong personality and will, gradually made Ye Congyun more and more stable.

Everyone around him knew that the dust had finally settled around this matter at this time. Everyones gaze was filled with curiosity and envy as they evaluated Ye Congyun.

Everyone understood that from today onward, the fate of this young man would completely change. If it was him before, he was only a little sparrow pecking at food in the mud. But from now on, he was an eagle that would affect countless forces in the entire Empire.

The name of Ye Congyun would not take too long before it started to affect the upper echelons of the Empire.

But Liu Siufeng and the others still had something they did not understand.

With their understanding of Lu Zhaoge, their sworn brother, he was not someone who did something purely according to his whims. For him to unexpectedly say, without any prior planning, that he would accept a young man he had only just met as his disciple, it was likely that there were other reasons apart from the fact that Ye Congyun had assimilated with his martial blood essence. It was not just due to the excitement he may have felt when he managed to recover and stave off death. There must be a deeper meaning contained within his actions.

Liu Yuqing had a thoughtful expression as he pondered, his gaze flickering past Ye Qingyu's body.

There was extreme curiousness in his heart.

The injury that even the Pass Lord was helpless against, just what kind of method did Ye Qingyu used to heal him?

Also, when the Pass Lord was within the isolation room, just what were Ye Qingyu’s conditions?

……

……

Hundred Herb Hall.

"He's still not here yet."

Lin Qingyi absolutely no longer had his calm composure from before.

He was like an ant on a hot wok. He impatiently paced back and forth at the entrance to the first floor of the Hundred Herb Hall, occasionally heading towards the window to look at the crowd. A look of yearning and desire was on his face.

His three students stood beside him, not even daring to say a single word, sitting silently there.

"There's still two or three more hours until the appointed time. Master Lin, don't be impatient. He should arrive very shortly…" Shopkeeper Sui wiped away the sweat on his forehead, respectfully following behind Lin Qingyi and constantly reassuring him with a smile.

Ever since the young student had crushed a [Mysterious Heaven Pellet], the situation had completely flipped around.

The [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] that was originally evaluated as a fake pill, emitted a wondrous fragrance that Shopkeeper Sui had never experienced before when the outer surface cracked. It was a smell that was hard to describe using words, with an effect that was hard to believe. Shopkeeper Sui was not an expert with great strength, but when he breathed it in, he felt an unprecedented comfort within his body.

In that instant, Shopkeeper Sui knew what was about to happen.

As expected, the originally disappointed Lin Qingyi who was sitting on the chair was like a rabbit that had it’s tail stood upon, suddenly jumping up. Wresting away the cracked [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] he stared in disbelief at the pill, as if he saw a ghost in broad daylight.

The three students that were calmly discussing the pill between them, also stood there in shock, dumbfounded.

Shopkeeper Sui could still clearly remember even right now, the expression of Lin Qingyi when he was looking at that cracked pill. His arms began trembling. First, it was shock and disbelief in his face, then mad joy and confusion, and there was also an unclear emotion within…

And the Lin Qingyi right now who was holding the cracked pill was absolutely like someone carrying a holy item.

Everything was decided just like that.

Lin Qingyi used himself as an experiment to test the pill, ingesting half the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] inside himself.

Then…

"People, prepare a hot bath…" Lin Qingyi's expression, at this instant, was both saintly and serious.

Using a near pious tone, he said very seriously, "I need to cleanse and purify my body to receive this unbelievable pill master… Shopkeeper Sui, you must carefully preserve the intact [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]… It doesn't matter. It's best if I look after it myself. Also, hand over the leftover remnants of that pill, just give it all to me."

Then…

After Lin Qingyi had purified and cleansed his body, he was like a devout believer, waiting at the entrance to the first floor of the Hundred Herb Hall.

According to the information that mysterious person left behind, today should be the day he came to the Hundred Herb Hall to inquire over the situation of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] and ask about the progress on its sale.

Shopkeeper Sui's heart had experienced plummeting to the depths of the abyss as well as soaring to the clouds along with the changes in the situation. Previously, he had silently cursed that mysterious person to the extremes, but right now he was wildly praying that the mysterious person would quickly arrive.

He was really worried. What should he do if that mysterious person did not arrive.

And his worry slowly and gradually turned into reality.

Lin Qingyi was still waiting with desire in his eyes. But even until sunset, the white-clothed mysterious person did not arrive.

"What's happening? Why isn't he here yet?"

Lin Qingyi gripped his own arms impatiently.

As a genius pill master, as someone who followed beside his master ever since he was young, he knew better than anyone the significance behind the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]. It was absolutely a top class pill that could entirely transform the cultivation speed of the entire domain. Although the level of the pill still largely remained in the classification of [Medicine Pills], but without the slightest bit of exaggeration, this pill was even more valuable and precious than many [Spirit Pills].

To be able to increase a martial artist’s cultivation without any side effects.

Just by this point alone, it was enough to make the entire Empire go crazy.

What did this represent?

If this [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] could be mass produced, then in a very short time, one could create a large army composed of experts only. This represented that Spirit spring experts would be akin to carrots and potatoes, able to be endlessly cultivated in a short period of time.

In the long period of history, just how many pill masters, just how many geniuses, wanted to turn this dream into reality.

But they had all failed.

Ultimately, the pill master society had publicly admitted that such a pill did not exist.

But right now, such a method had really appeared.

Lin Qingyi had personally tested the medicinal properties of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] himself.

Although only eight hours had passed since he had first tested the pill, but he could already faintly sense and confirm that the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] really had no side effects whatsoever. Furthermore, the growth in his cultivation was clear and distinct. Lin Qingyi himself was originally an expert at the fifty Spirit springs stage, so he had deeper insight into this aspect.

He had attempted to dissect and analyse the ingredients and composition of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet].

But with his skills and mastery of the pill arts, he could not obtain any conclusive results.

He had no way of determining just what ingredients went into the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]. He didn't even have a method to determine just one ingredient of those that had gone into making the pill.

This made him understand that unless they found the creator of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet], it would be nigh impossible for them to infer the pill formula and ingredients from the one and a half pill they had left.

"Just what kind of peerless genius, could create such a pill?"

Lin Qingyi's heart was extremely curious.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 251:


251 - Finally Arrived

Ye Qingyu naturally did not know that the number one genius of the Hundred Herb Hall was waiting for him patiently with unrealistic expectations.

After seeing Lu Zhaoge and the others away, he once again returned to the quiet room to rest and recover.

Using the [Supreme Ice Flame] to aid Lu Zhaoge in eradicating the power of the curse, as well as the flames of darkness in his body, was a vast and complicated undertaking. It was not as simple as erasing the strange powers within Ye Qingyu's drop of blood. Ye Qingyu's strength had risen significantly from before and he had also gained a wealth of experience in handling these strange powers, but he still had to be utterly cautious.

Thankfully, Lu Zhaoge had provided his aid during the entire process.

After all, Lu Zhaoge was an expert at the pinnacle of his realm. Even though he was heavily injured, but even a skinny camel was bigger than a horse. His cultivation and experience was still not something Ye Qingyu could be compared to. With his cooperation, there was absolutely no issue at all.

It was only that through this entire process, it required Lu Zhaoge to lower his defenses around his body and allow Ye Qingyu to control the [Supreme Ice Flame] to travel within his meridians.

This point alone was incomparably dangerous for any martial artist.

This was equivalent to handing over your life to someone else's hands. That person could slaughter him as they pleased.

Normally speaking, there were only a very small number of martial experts that had such an intimate relationship with another person where they were able to let down all their defenses while treating each other injuries.

More importantly, after treating his injuries, Ye Qingyu could be said to know all the secrets and mysteries behind Lu Zhaoge's cultivation. He was able to discern the cultivation technique secrets of Lu Zhaoge. The weakness and essences behind his cultivation technique could not be hidden at all. For a top level martial expert at the peak, this was definitely a fatal weakness that was even more serious than being heavily injured.

Lu Zhaoge did not have any reservations at all, and completely coordinated with Ye Qingyu.

This entire process took twelve hours.

Every two hours, all the inner yuan in Ye Qingyu's body would be completely expended. He could not help but stop, using the nameless Heart Sutra to recover his inner yuan, then continue treating the injuries.

In others words, Ye Qingyu's inner yuan had been expended six times over.

For a normal martial artist, such high level expenditures of inner yuan could potentially cause an experts cultivation to fall by a realm or perhaps cause some sort of hidden injury. There were serious consequences that could potentially occur.

But thankfully, Ye Qingyu's toughness far exceeded experts of the same realm. Furthermore, his inner yuan had been purified and refined by the ancient Bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. His inner yuan was also guided by the [Supreme Ice Flame], so he had managed to endure throughout the entire process.

But even so, when the last shred of strange power was ejected from the body of Lu Zhaoge, Ye Qingyu was also already on the verge of collapse.

After forcing himself to see Lu Zhaoge and the others away, Ye Qingyu hurried to rest and recover, trying to recuperate his strength.

This recovery took him an entire evening's time.

Because he was busy and somewhat dizzy, he naturally forgot that this was the day he had arranged with Shopkeeper Sui to inquire as to the situation of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet].

A night's time very quickly passed by.

The dawn of the next morning.

When the first rays of sunlight shone in through the window of the crevice of the quiet room, Ye Qingyu finally opened his eyes slightly.

His body had once again been replenished with surging powerful energy. It was as if there was a furious raging tide within him. Wave after wave, it crashed throughout his body and meridians, screaming and also at the same time nourishing and strengthening Ye Qingyu's organs, changing the composition of his body.

"Although it was I who treated Lu Zhaoge's injuries, but if we were to account for it carefully, I also owe him an extremely large favour."

Ye Qingyu slowly stood up, coming before the window. He slowly moved and stretched his body, inhaling the fresh air.

For any martial expert, the body of a peak level expert was a treasure with incomparable value. Contained within was an unspeakably precious road of cultivation. It was especially so for experts like Lu Zhaoge. Within his body were the roads and routes his cultivation path had taken. The cultivation method, his acupuncture points, meridians, the tightly packed inner organs, even his blood and bone marrow. It all contained shocking cultivation secrets.

There was once a rumour that within Heaven Wasteland domain, there once existed a sect called the Corpse sect. They were founded by raiding tombs and stealing the corpses of many experts from their resting places. From their bodies, they were able to infer the cultivation techniques and battle methods of such experts and were able to cause the reappearance of many lost cultivation methods and battle techniques. Taking the best of many, there were countless experts that arose from this sect. They specialized in using "Your own techniques against you". For a time, they had a powerful presence. Even the prestige of the three schools and three sects of Snow Empire, could not be compared to the Corpse sect.

But in the end, they were a sect that robbed people's graves. This was action that went against the common morality of the people. The Corpse sect ultimately incited the rage and anger of the descendants of those bodies they had stolen or perhaps other sects. They banded together and began a great battle, ultimately destroying this sect. The experts of that sect either died or escaped, and very little was left behind. Gradually, less and less was heard of them.

From this, one could determine just how much the corpse of an expert was worth.

In order to coordinate with Ye Qingyu during his treatment, Lu Zhaoge had opened all doors to the treasure of his body. Ye Qingyu could browse and inspect the intricacies and mysteries of his body as he pleased.

For Ye Qingyu, this was not his original intention, but it was definitely a massive reward.

In this entire process, it was like he acted as the role of a bystander, and browsed through and experienced Lu Zhaoge's entire path of cultivation. It could even be said that it was as if it was he himself who had personally cultivated.

Without exaggerating in the slightest, these twelve hours were the most precious and valuable twelve hours that Ye Qingyu had ever had on his road of cultivation.

In these twelve hours, it was as if he had transformed into Lu Zhaoge, experiencing a long and sustained cultivation journey.

Many issues plaguing his cultivation for a long time were completely solved.

This could be counted as a shocking baptism and cleansing in Ye Qingyu's road of cultivation.

There were many discoveries that he made during this time that still required Ye Qingyu to slowly understand and comprehend himself in his own road of cultivation.

"But no matter from what perspective I consider this incident from, I really have to greatly thank Lu Zhaoge. He is a true hero."

Ye Qingyu stretched his back.

Of course, what was even more important, was that Lu Zhaoge had promised to help Ye Qingyu find that object.

Furthermore, the fact that the [War God of Youyan Pass] would accept Ye Congyun as his disciple was out of Ye Qingyu's expectations. But Ye Qingyu firmly believed that apart from Ye Congyun absorbing that drop of blood essence, it was also because of the attributes Ye Congyun himself possessed.

As he thought this, there was a silver light that approached soundlessly from outside.

The silver light landed on the windowsill, transforming into a white, silly little dog.

The silly dog, Little Nine.

"Woof, woof, master, I've returned." Little Nine wagged his tail, jumping onto Ye Qingyu's shoulder, intimately licking Ye Qingyu's face. Then he leaped back onto the windowsill, turning over and habitually exposing his white and soft little belly.

Ye Qingyu smiled. While scratching Little Nine's belly, he asked, "How about it, have you completed the task I've asked you to do?"

"You have no need to fret when you ask me to do something." Little Nine let out a satisfied moan. "I easily found the hiding place of those two girls. I acted slightly cute and that silly little braided haired girl easily became my slave… Ah, a little bit to the left, it's itchy, that's right, it's there, woof, woof, a little harder… Don't worry, Master. That girl is fine. Her injury is already healed… Aoao, it's so comfortable."

As he enjoyed ye Qingyu's massage, the gluttonous dog recounted everything he saw and encountered in detail.

After returning to White Horse tower, Ye Qingyu had arranged for Little NIne to go out in search for traces of Song Xiaojun.

No matter what, Ye Qingyu could not let go of his worry about her safety.

Little Nine’s most specialized talent to date was searching for objects or people. He really had success in determining the hiding place of Song Xiaojun.

"You said that they switched their hiding place four times in one night?" Ye Qingyu asked with a frown.

Little Nine comfortably lay on his leg, closing his eyes in enjoyment. "That's right. I followed them as they switched places four times… They seemed as if they were avoiding some enemies."

Ye Qingyu nodded his head and thought of another matter, asking, "That's right, did they chase you away?”

"Of course not. I'm so cute, how could they bear…" Little Nine said proudly in triumph.

Ye Qingyu grabbed him by the neck, lifting him up. "Speak the truth."

Little Nine's four paws scrambled madly in the air, struggling wildly. Not being able to escape, he could only admit to the truth, "Fine. At the start, that braided haired girl wanted to ferociously chase me away or she would turn me and my dog skin into a bowl of meat stew. But the masked little girl that Master liked, although she is a bit cold, she is very kind. She allowed me to stay, and did not chase me away!"

"Really?" Ye Qingyu was delighted.

Little Nine instantly had a smirk and grin on his face. "Master, there's a perverted light flickering in your eyes. Woof, woof, I say, you must have really fallen for the girl. How about this, you give me a couple thousand of gold, then I'll go to Hundred Herb Hall to purchase some [Passion Descent], then I’ll sneakily place it in her meal, then you can…"

"Go die," with a flick of his hand, Ye Qingyu threw this stupid dog filled with ridiculous ideas away. "How can the [Passion Descent] be so expensive."

"Woof----Master, for you to know the price of [Passion Descent] so clearly… Woof, woof, a master is like his dog… Master, I grew up like this because of your influence…" Little Nine turned into a stream of white light that disappeared far away, shouting aloud his grievances.

Ye Qingyu could not laugh or cry.

"Continue to monitor. If any situation develops, come back and report to me at the first instance,” Ye Qingyu loudly reminded.

The silly dog left just like that.

After such an interaction, the time for breakfast had arrived.

Mother Wu had already prepared breakfast.

Using the time for breakfast to give advice and guidance to Jin Ling'er, Bai Yuanxing and the others on the martial cultivation, Ye Qingyu finally remembered the incident of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet].

Counting the time, there were less than fifteen days left till the meeting of sects. He had to properly utilize the time to raise his own strength.

Ye Qingyu decided to head to Hundred Herb Hall to inquire about whether there were any updates on the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet].

……

……

"He still hasn't come?"

Lin Qingyi was as anxious and as tense as ants on a hot pan.

He had never lost his composure like so in front of his own students. Grabbing Shopkeeper Sui who was as nervous as him, "Speak, do you think he will come? Could it be that he completely does not care about a pill as precious as the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]?"

Shopkeeper Sui's heart was also as anxious as frying oil. Hearing this, he said comfortingly, "How is this possible. He'll definitely come in a bit. He must be delayed by some matter… Master Lin, don't be impatient. I believe that he'll definitely come today. After all, it's the [Mysterious Heaven pellet]…"

Lin Qingyi nodded his head in agreement, not able to hold back his impatience.

He had not slept all last night.

He could not fall asleep at all.

He had spent the entire night holding the intact [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]. The more he stared at it, the more unbelievable he found it. The existence of pill, had completely shattered the foundation of his pill knowledge. It overturned many common knowledge and assumptions about the pill arts.

He used a fast communicator and passed on the news to his master.

It was likely that by afternoon today, his master would arrive.

And when Lin Qingyi and Shopkeeper Sui were utterly tense and nervous, on the first floor of the Hundred Herb Hall, a Ye Qingyu whose face and body was covered by a white hat and robe, casually strolled and entered, having covered himself with a disguise.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 252:


252 - Selling Pills

Ye Qingyu could see from far away that there was a green-clothed young man pacing back and forth anxiously. He presumed he was the family of a patient coming to the Hundred Herb Hall to treat their illness and was currently waiting for the doctor’s diagnosis, so he did not pay too much attention to such a thing.

Only when he approached did he see Shopkeeper Sui following behind this green-clothed man like a tail, explaining something with a smile.

Oh, so Shopkeeper Sui was busy.

Ye Qingyu thought about it, then decided not to go over and directly greet Shopkeeper Sui. He entered the main hall and decided to wait a while till they were finished with their business.

Who knew that at this time, the eyes of Shopkeeper Sui suddenly brightened, as if he had just seen his own close family. Running over with large strides, his voice was shaking, "You… you've finally… you are the Great Pill Master who left the pill here for sale?"

Great Pill Master?

Ye Qingyu, of course, would not regard himself as any sort of Great Pill Master.

But whether he had left a pill here for sale… En, he really did do that.

But the expression on Shopkeeper Sui made Ye Qingyu somewhat confused. Could it be that after he had left the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet], another man had come dressed exactly like him, with white clothes covering his true face and also left a pill at the store to sale?

"[Mysterious Heaven Pellet]… was the pill that you left behind for us to sell, right?"

Shopkeeper Sui was so moved that he was about to cry.

His hesitant and conflicted expression was completely like an immature kid waiting for his crush to give a reply to his confession.

In reality, because he did not see Ye Qingyu' true face that day due to the fact it was covered by a white layer of fabric, he could not be completely sure about Ye Qingyu’s identity.

At this time, he was extremely cautious.

He could not make such a big mistake in front of Lin Qingyi.

"[Mysterious Heaven Pellet]?" Ye Qingyu nodded his head. "It was I who left it for sale."

"You've finally arrived." Shopkeeper Sui's expression was so contorted that he was about to cry.

Before he could say anything else, the Lin Qingyi beside him could already bear it no longer and rushed over. "It's really you? You created the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]? How many is left? Can you still refine it? I…"

Ye Qingyu looked at Shopkeeper Sui in confusion.

"Master Lin, this… Great Master. This is not the place to discuss such matters. Please follow me upstairs, we will discuss everything in detail. " Shopkeeper Sui looked towards the crowd. There were many people in the main hall and he was worried that they would overhear the information or news about the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] and as a result leak such information. He did not dare take any risks. Making an effort to make it seem he had not lost his composure, he lowered his voice as he made this proposal.

"Oh, that's right, Come up and discuss, come up and discuss…" Lin Qingyi also reacted.

In these few days, the lost sleep he had over this incident had completely exceeded the total length of lost sleep in the last 10 years.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

He could already faintly guess what this was about.

……

Tens of breaths later.

"What? You really can continue to create it?”

Lin Qingyi jumped up in excitement, joyously gripping his hands. He had infinite expectations as he looked at Ye Qingyu, "This is too fantastic. Could… could I ask whether this pill formula is something you personally created? Is there anyone else that knows of this pill formula?"

In the quiet room.

Ye Qingyu silently sat on a chair next to the fire basin.

The large, expansive white clothing and hat covered his entire person. Under the dim lighting, he seemed to be a white-coloured and silent snowball, emitting traces of cold air. It caused someone to have no way of discerning what he was thinking at all.

When they reached upstairs, the discussions finally begun.

Although Ye Qingyu did not reveal his true face, but he did not conceal the fact that he was the creator of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet].

Such mystifying actions were naturally used to ensure that Shopkeeper Sui and Lin Qingyi had no way of discovering his true identity.

Hearing Lin Qingyi's question, Ye Qingyu's voice answered. After change, his voice became like the grating of metal. It sounded out from under his hooded clothing, "No one else knows."

"Phew…" Lin Qingyi let out a breath of relief. He was currently in a state of strange of excitement. Biting his teeth, he ignored the taboo of the Pill Master profession, and asked probingly, "Then… I wonder if you would be willing to sell the Pill Formula?”

Before he had even finished.

An extremely cold aura began emanating from beneath the snow white hooded clothing.

Everyone in the room could not help but shiver.

Enquiring after a pil formula, was one of the most taboo actions between Pill Masters.

Lin Qingyi also quivered in his heart, knowing he had invoked the rage of the opposing party. He rushed to explain, "Please don't misunderstand. I don't have any malicious intentions. I swear by the reputation of Hundred Herb Hall, I absolutely do not possess any desire that I should not. It's only…"

Without waiting for him to finish, a single word came out from under the snow white hooding garment----

"Sell."

This word was like a flame, that immediately eliminated the cold in the chamber.

Lin Qingyi's heart began wildly thudding, "Truly?"

The creases of the white hooded garment did not make the slightest of movement, as if it was a ghost.

"I apologize, I should not have doubted you." Lin Qingyi was somewhat hesitant, then instantly understood. This mysterious Pill Master had a cold personality and used his words as sparingly as gold. But since he said he was willing to sell the Pill Formula, then everything was possible. Deeply breathing in, " I wonder what sort of price you were looking for. Rest assured, as long as it is within reasonable boundaries, we Hundred Herb Hall will definitely be able withstand the cost."

"Fifty pounds of Origin crystal."

An outstretched hand with all five fingers extended stretched out from the wide sleeve of the hooded garment.

Ice crystals floated around his fingers, making it seem like he was a snow man, causing any of his features to be unable to be seen.

"What? Fifty pounds of Origin crystal, you've gone completely mad," a disciple began crying out in disbelief. "You're like a lion opening its mouth, asking for too much. Do you know what fifty pounds of Origin crystal represents? You're deliberately making matters difficult. Why don't you go rob someone."

Before he had even finished.

Pak!

Lin Qingyi directly gave him a backhanded slap, coldly saying, "Get out."

The disciple was stunned, cradling his face, "Master, I…"

"Get out. I don't want to say this a second time." The incomparable aura and status that Lin Qingyi displayed in this instant was something that truly belonged to the mannerisms of a genius of the Pill way. He swept his gaze to his other two students, waving his hand, "You two also get out. In front of this Master, none of you have any status whatsoever."

The three disciples did not dare tarry, rushing to respectfully depart.

"Please don't take offence, those three disciples are still inexperienced." Lin Qingyi clasped his hands in apology.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

"But fifty pounds of Origin crystals is really too valuable. Even us Hundred Herb Hall, we can't withdraw such an amount at a moments notice… Is it possible for you to ask for something else?" Lin Qingyi began to haggle probingly.

Without any warning, Ye Qingyu suddenly stood up.

After making the connection between this series of events, Ye Qingyu could already be sure that the value of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] far exceeded his previous imagination.

It was only because he wanted to rapidly increase his strength that he chose to sell the Pill Formula.

After all, the effects of the Origin crystal was greater than the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet].

The true value of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] lay in the fact that it was replicable. In the hands of a single person, it was not worth that much. But if some large faction or perhaps a country got hold of it, then it would become crucially important. This was a pill with strategic class value.

So even if he decided to sell the Pill Formula, he was not willing to be ripped off like a fool.

And even if he sold the Pill Formula, he had already memorized the contents of the Pill Formula in his consciousness. He could still continue to refine such pills, so selling the formula posed little loss to him.

The snow white hood fluttered, and he reached out to pull down the hood even more. Directly, he said, "You are a Pill Master, so you should know the value of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]. Fifty pounds of Origin crystal, it cannot even be one gram less. If you can't produce such an amount right now, then you can first place a deposit. Ten pounds of Origin crystal, with the rest to come in the future. I have limited time. I'm not willing to waste any time on such pointless haggling.”

As he finished his words, he turned his head towards the direction of Shopkeeper Sui. "The two [Mysterious Heaven Pellets] that I left here for sale, have they been sold?"

Shopkeeper Sui replied automatically, "Not yet… oh, but us Hundred Herb Hall is willing to procure them at the original price, we can immediately give payment."

"That is best." Ye Qingyu nodded his head, his voice still the strange grating metallic noise. "Give me the money. As for the Pill Formula, you can discuss leisurely amongst yourselves and find someone who can make decisions. I will return in three days."

As he finished, he went straight to the door, exiting from the chamber. Three steps later, his figure disappeared from where he originally was.

Fast!

Lin Qingyi eyes shot up from seeing such a scene.

The power of this mysterious person was very high.

"Master Lin, what should we do?" Shopkeeper Sui asked, somewhat anxiously.

Lin Qingyi lowered his head in thought. "Since he is willing to sell the Pill Formula, this is the best scenario. I guess that he must be lacking money, that's why he chose to sell the Pill Formula. Otherwise, solely on the basis of the Pill Formula, it is enough for him to become one of the most famous Pill Masters within Snow Empire… En, but to refer to our original discussion, fifty pounds of Origin crystal…" He was still shocked by this figure, saying, "Let's further discuss this matter when my master arrives."

……

……

All was calm and peace over the next three days.

Youyan Pass was still somewhat chaotic.

There were countless people inquiring into the state of Lu Zhaoge's injuries, but there was still no news whatsoever that came from the Pass Lord's residence. Lu Zhaoge still did not appear in front of everyone. A myriad of rumours began to spread concerning the news that Lu Zhaoge's injuries could not be healed. It was unknown where these rumours originated, but it began spreading about through Youyan Pass.

Contrary to expectations, the actions of the large sects became more restrained.

It was said that the people who were arrested that day within the new recruit training camp were still imprisoned within the prison of the Vanguard.

The young leader of the Dragon Tiger sect, the [Tiger Saint], Zhao Shanhe had personally came to the Vanguard camp to ask for the release of those people, but was met with closed doors. He could not see the commander of the Vanguard, the [Butcher of Youyan], Liu Siufeng at all. He was directly ejected out from the main camp of the Vanguard…

The Vanguard had never demonstrated such a hard stance before.

And as for the demon killing parade on the streets, for some unknown reason, there were signs that it was halting in these few days. Two entire days had already passed before any traces of the demon race could be found in Youyan Pass. It was as if the spies of the demon race hidden in the city had been completely exterminated.

And in the steel cage that hung above the [Beheading Demon Platform], the head of a wolf demon that was killed two days ago still hung there.

As for Ye Qingyu, in these three days, he continued to remain in isolation.

Refining pills, ingesting it, cultivating, increasing his cultivation…

Then he continued to refine pills.

He repeated this process over and over again.

The process of refining the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet], could also be counted as a type of training. As time flowed by, Ye Qingyu's control and handling over the [Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron] and the [Sole Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron] became increasingly proficient. He was able to sense the intricacies within, and hence his speed in refining the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] became faster and faster.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

