Chapter 709:


Chapter 727 I Came to Kill You Too


This chaotic scene was completely beyond the [Savage Army Demon Race's] scope of control. The red-bearded elder exchanged glances with his people before they immediately backed off further together, lest they get caught up in the fight between experts of this sort of grade.

In particular, Ye Qingyu's might and insanity ensured that, despite him fighting one-versus-two, Lu Li and Yang Wanqu ran out of breath in only a few moves. This kind of elegance and strength could only belong to a prominent character in the Alliance of Domains. However, the red-bearded elder and his companions simply could not discern Ye Qingyu's technical approach or the pedigree of his moves.

For some time, the [Savage Army Demon Race] contingent quietly fell back.

Fear had been growing in their hearts ever since they felt the power of the three experts clashing.

On the battlefield, Ye Qingyu's arrival had immediately lifted a great deal of pressure off the back of the imperiled Ge Ming.

Summoning his last bit of strength, the power of the water mist on his body soared, thereby suppressing his injuries and the unwanted force in his body temporarily. For a while, he seemed to return to the peak of his strength, and instantly shattered the moonlight splendors surrounding him. Upon breaking free of the battlefield, he flew toward the tiny formation which Shui Xiu was trapped in.

"He's trying to escape," the red-bearded elder responded quickly.

"Stop him!"

"DO NOT let him escape."

The people of the [Savage Army Demon Race] made haste.

The scene suddenly became ever more chaotic.

Just then, a strange change occurred once more!

At the instant when Ge Ming made contact with the bracelet on the little girl's wrist, an eye-piercing brilliance appeared and an invisible power began to surge. Luminous arcs, which were as transparent as autumn water curtains, radiated and instantly swept several kilometers across in all directions, nullifying all formations and energies. Subsequently, a gush of water mist soared high up in the air, its splendor completely submerging the figures of Ge Ming and the little girl.

The next moment, these two figures vanished on the spot.

Thereafter, nobody could detect the breaths of these two people.

"Dammit!" Lu Li raged to the point of madness.

Yang Wanqu, too, roared angrily in end. Thrusting his golden machete repeatedly, he badly wished he could chop Ye Qingyu into meat paste.

"Haha, I've got better things to do and won't play any longer. I shall spare the lives of you two mad dogs for today." With a flink of the ice knife in his hand, Ye Qingyu sent Yang Wanqu flying a hundred meters. At the same time, he used both hands to make a hole in the void, causing a small number of gleaming ice crystals to appear in his arms.

"Hahaha, the [Ice Hugging Kill]... suppress them!"

After casually fabricating a name for this move, a trail of ice crystals shot forth amid his maniacal laughter. It instantly turned into a majestic and lofty ice mountain of a thousand meters in height, and smashed toward Lu Li and Yang Wanqu with a thunderous boom.

"Break it."

"Kill!"

The two Heaven's pridelings howled angrily as they attacked.

Boom!

The ice mountain broke into pieces.

Ice shards flew in all directions.

However, Ye Qingyu's figure had already disappeared into the void.

It was all too sudden.

The situation had unexpectedly turned on its head.

Everything happened under the watchful eyes of the crowd.

It seemed to last for no more than a few breaths' time.

No auras associated with these three men could thereafter be felt anywhere within the 15th zone.

Below the tower.

Lu Li's rage-filled eyes also contained a trace of shock which had yet to diminish.

Using his divine sense, he was unable to detect the auras of Ge Ming and the mysterious expert anywhere within tens of kilometers of him.

"Dammit... who could that have been? The strength during that instant... this person is very strong, who could he..." Gnashing his teeth in anger, Lu Li recalled the magnificent and irresistible power he felt during the palm fight with the mysterious man. It was extremely odd and did not seem to be what an average Immortal Step realm expert could possess.

A character like this was certainly not an ordinary person or from some nameless group.

To one side, Yang Wanqu's expression was that of shock and disbelief.

As he slowly sheathed his golden machete, a near-tangible killing intent surged throughout his body, which was filled with anger he could not vent. He pensively stared in the direction which the figures had disappeared toward and hatefully remarked, "We've miscalculated this time. I never thought that a person whose strength is of such a terrifying stage would have Ge Ming's back..."

"From how I see it, this person may not be helping... During the fight, he said that he had also come to take Ge Ming's life in order to claim the bounty." A sinister expression flashed across Lu Li's eyes. "But, in any case, we would have succeeded in killing Ge Ming if not for him. We cannot simply let this matter go."

Yang Wanqu nodded his head somberly, saying, "That's right. He deserves to die a thousand deaths for ruining our plans. I've already taken note of his aura and moves. Hmph, the [Ice Hugging Kill]? It shouldn't be difficult to ask around regarding a skill like this... I'll definitely show him no mercy the next time we meet!"

The duo could barely contain their anger, causing the present members of the [Savage Army Demon Race] to shudder in fear.

Fortunately, the duo did not attack the contingent and instead turned into a blood-colored arc that disappeared into the distant sky.

After they left, the [Savage Army Demon Race's] elder and demon experts could finally let out a sigh of relief.

With a frosty expression on his face and a sense of loss in his eyes, the black-vesselled elder said, "I'd thought that the 14th-placed criminal on the wanted list, Ge Ming, would be easy to deal with and that his bounty was within reach, but who would have guessed that he'd made enemies among those large forces and sects and alerted so many people. This has cost us many of our brothers for nothing. What a wild goose chase it has all been."

The red-bearded elder was also somewhat dissatisfied, yet he felt helpless.

A place like the Black Demon Pool had always been a land of chaos and disorder, especially in its depths. Here, everything was decided based on strength, and thus one would get nothing but a set of broken and bloodied teeth if one could not measure up to one's opponent. The [Savage Army Demon Race] had only come here to try their luck because they had fortuitously captured the little girl and saw an opportunity to kill Ge Ming, but who knew their luck would be this bad.

"What should we do now? Should we go to a different zone and find him?" The scholarly-looking young demon expert also revealed a face of dissatisfaction before he looked at the red-bearded elder.

The two elders exchanged glances with each other.

"Let's put this matter aside for now... Along the way, I'd heard that the demon tide is bursting out at an extremely anomalous time, and there's a high chance that treasures of great value will appear. We might as well go try our luck since we're already here. Who knows, as they say, from misfortune comes bliss," the red-bearded elder replied, gritting his teeth.

"That's right, we cannot return completely empty-handed. We shall first go and take a look at the place where the demon tide will be bursting out from." Another elder issued an order as he reached his hand into the void and grabbed the air gently. The beast bone cage in the distance instantly turned into a finger-sized white bone and landed in his palm.

The [Savage Army Demon Race] contingent proceeded toward the depths of the Black Demon Pool.

After the time it took to burn an incense stick.

On a stretch of rubble, a formation in the recesses of the 15th zone had appeared.

This was an extremely secluded and desolate ridge situated several kilometers to the northwest of the 15th zone.

To the south of the ridge was what seemed to be a primeval forest where all sorts of bizarre yet beautiful black vegetation grew. These vegetation either reached into the clouds like a towering tree or crawled all over the ground like a python. Every kind of vegetation emitted an extremely strange aura that formed a natural stream of white mist evil qi. Counterbalancing the Black Demon qi all year round, the evil qi shrouded the entire ridge in dark gray obscurity and formed an all-natural protective barrier.

Dozens of brown stones of all shapes and sizes were untidily arranged on the slopes to the north of the ridge.

These stones had nothing apart from a few extremely faint and ancient cleave marks, and did not discharge any formation or spiritual energy.

From a distance, they collectively looked like a solitary, wordless grave which was situated in the deep dark wilderness where demon qi surged.

Among the stone formations.

Leaning on a stone which was a meter tall, a rather pale-faced Ge Ming was sitting quietly and correcting his breathing.

The Divine Sky Sect's [Thousand Swords Arrow] specialized in corroding an expert's consciousness power, while the Black Moon Divine Palace's [Heart Devouring Rune] would slowly devour all of a martial expert's physical body and yuan qi cultivation.

These two hidden weapons could rank among the top twenty assassination weapons in the myriad domains.

If struck by one of these two weapons, an average Immortal Step realm expert would inevitably suffer the pain of their foundation being bitten, and they would lose a hundred years' worth of cultivation overnight. In Ge Ming's case, he continued to fight and did not have time to dispel the toxin after being struck by a combination of the two weapons, and thus the toxic qi had already invaded his cardiopulmonary system. Had he retreated in time earlier and used the water mist qi to force back the toxic qi, he might have been able to recover within a year and a half.

However, he was engaged in a melee with Lu Li and Yang Wanqu, and had to forcefully operate and expend yuan qi for a long period of time. This allowed the toxic qi to corrode his meridians and vessels, rendering him unable to fight on.

Outside the stone formations.

A splendor flashed.

Ye Qingyu appeared.

Already back in his usual face, he emitted a pervasive consciousness power as soon as he landed on the ground, carefully observing all movement within a kilometers distance. He only felt at ease when he could confirm that Lu Li and Yang Wanqu had not caught up at least for the time being.

He revealed a faint smile at the corners of his lips as he looked at the stone forest.

With a quiet flash, he plunged in among the stone formations.

He quickly found the hiding place of Ge Ming and the little girl.

"Bro, thank you for lending a hand earlier." As if he already knew who the person who arrived was, Ge Ming's closed eyes simply quivered a bit and did not open.

Like a silver light curtain, Ye Qingyu's figure gently undulated several times before materializing. As he looked at the exhausted and resistance-less Ge Ming, he replied in a frosty voice, "Hoho, you don't have to thank me actually. Because... I came to kill you, too."

"Oh?" Ge Ming finally opened his eyes which revealed a hint of indifference, as though he had long predicted Ye Qingyu's motive. He then said with a slight firmness in his tone, "Well, I hadn't made any friends all these years, and thus knew that nobody would come and save me... Hoho, so, is Your Honor also here for the Alliance's bounty?"

Ye Qingyu gently nodded his head.

"That's just as well. My life was saved by you and will now be taken away by you, not much difference..." Sighing and arching his lips, Ge Ming revealed a weary smile and closed his eyes as if waiting for death.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 710:


Chapter 728 - Secrets and Suspicions


In the meantime.

In front of a smaller stone to the left.

Shrouded in a thin layer of water mist, Shui Xiu's curled-up body trembled slightly. A hint of consternation and terror glimmered in her delicate and lustrous eyes.

She slowly propped up her body and shifted it toward Ge Ming. Her eyes, which had always looked somewhat timid, was at this time gazing at Ye Qingyu and his hood-veiled face.

She had never expected that the hero who saved her and her uncle would actually also be a baddie out to kill her uncle!

As if she recalled something, her gaze froze and she exclaimed, "Brother! You're... that big brother!"

Although her voice was quivering and weak like catkin in the wind, there was an excitement and firmness in her tone that abruptly woke up the despairing Ge Ming.

"You know him?!" A strange luster flashed across Ge Ming's pupils.

Shui Xiu, who had by this time already shifted beside her uncle, recounted in detail the sequence of events of her first encounter with Ye Qingyu.

After she finished the account, she looked at the silent figure once more, feeling sort of conflicted inwardly.

She had unmistakably seen this big brother confess that he was out to kill her uncle for the sake of the bounty. Yet, she dared not believe that the big brother who gave her water was also a baddie that sought to take the life of her only relative.

After listening to Shui Xiu, Ge Ming pondered for a while before he spoke up once more, saying, "Hoho, that's hard to believe. You're kinda different from the other people who want to kill me..."

Ye Qingyu did not say a word.

After a silent few breaths' worth of time.

As if he had decided, Ge Ming spoke in a rather heavy tone, "Since you'd rescued Shui Xiu, let's make things easier. My life shall be right here for you to take at any time. However, I have a request before I die..."

Already certain what Ge Ming's request would be about in general, Ye Qingyu took a glance at the bewildered Shui Xiu and then nodded his head, saying, "Tell me about it."

"I hope you can bring Shui Xiu out of the Black Demon Pool after I die. She has lost the protection of the water mist qi and has no way of making it out on her own, cough cough... I'd also like you to bring her to the Divine Secret City, the eighth Chaotic city, and find a person called Liu Yue'er, cough... She'll naturally understand if you bring Shui Xiu to her... cough cough..." After saying everything in one breath, Ge Ming's toxic qi-infested heart and lungs began to tremble, causing him to cough repeatedly.

Startled by the coughing noise, Shui Xiu hurriedly reached her hand out and soothed her uncle's back.

The panicky little girl opened her mouth slightly as if she wanted to say something yet was somewhat hesitant.

After an intense bout of coughing, an increasingly pale-faced Ge Ming looked at Ye Qingyu with a sincere expression in his eyes.

"Okay," Ye Qingyu nodded his head, "I promise you."

Seeing the shadowy figure nod his head in consent, Ge Ming finally revealed a plain smile and felt completely reassured.

There was a hint of reluctance to part, yet also a hint of resolve in his tender eyes as he gently caressed Shui Xiu's hair, "Shui Xiu, go find Aunt Yue, she'll take care of you on my behalf, cough... Do not hold a grudge or seek revenge, cough cough... If possible, forget about the Seven Fingers Race and have a good life..."

The latter shook her head desperately as the teardrops in her eyes rolled down like beads of jade.

Suddenly, using energy she found out of nowhere, she stood up and tottered a few steps forth, then kneeled in front of Ye Qingyu and said sobbingly, "Big brother, I know... you're a good person... you... Shui Xiu begs you to not kill uncle... please... don't kill uncle, okay?

A hint of compunction and pity arose in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

He raised his hand and held Shui Xiu up, then gently wiped away the teardrops on her cheeks. Briefly unsure how to explain things to the kind-hearted girl, he finally opened his mouth and said, "Shui Xiu, you have to understand that everyone must pay a price for their past wrongdoings, including your uncle."

"Wrongdoings?" There was some doubt in Shui Xiu's tear-filled eyes as she strenuously thought back for a while. She then said with some hesitation, "Big brother, could it be... what you're talking about... are those rumors that uncle killed... It's not true... Big brother, believe me, uncle's not that type... He was framed... He didn't kill my uncles and aunts, some bad people framed him."

Due to her anxiety, Shui Xiu was a little incoherent and could not explain well.

However, Ye Qingyu seemed to have caught the gist of what she was saying.

Could there yet be some unknown secret behind this matter?

With an inquisitive expression in his pupils, Ye Qingyu turned his gaze toward Ge Ming.

The latter arched the corners of his lips in difficulty and raised a smile of extreme resignation. Leaning on a stone, he laughed mirthlessly and said, "Your Honor, I presume you're referring to my massacre of a lower domain race. Hoho, how ironic. Perhaps you don't know that the race I'm rumored to have destroyed is the Seven Fingers Race..."

What!

The exterminated race was the Seven Fingers Race?!

That's Ge Ming's own race!

Ye Qingyu's face went blank.

He had not seen these hidden details in the recorded information of the Alliance of Domains' wanted list or that of the administration hall.

"The reality is this ridiculous. Even if I was a lunatic, how could I possibly have massacred my own race... cough cough... those are the kin who gave birth to and raised me..." There was a feeling of sorrow in Ge Ming's voice as he looked deep into the distant darkness where demon qi was surging.

A shock finally showed on Ye Qingyu's face.

Unbelievable.

For some unaccountable reason, he felt that Ge Ming was telling the truth.

If that's the case, doesn't it mean he was wronged?

I'm afraid there's some unknown secret behind this.

As he looked at Ge Ming and then at Shui Xiu, he recollected everything that had happened earlier. The two remaining members of the Seven Fingers Race had stuck together and did not seem to be faking anything. He had never imagined that the felon who was found guilty by the Alliance of Domains and had been wanted for many years had actually been framed.

However, Ge Ming was the gambling demon after all.

He was good at gambling.

And even better at bluffing.

Could he be saying this just so he might escape?

Ye Qingyu could not find a trace of deceit or hypocrisy as he took another look at the earnest-looking Shui Xiu and the despairing-faced Ge Ming who had a hint of anguish in his eyes.

As if sensing Ye Qingyu's gaze, Ge Ming laughed somewhat self-mockingly and said, "I know it's impossible for Your Honor to believe... In any case, I'm already a dead man walking, and so I don't want to justify myself too much. Your Honor, you may take my head and collect the bounty, as long as Shui Xiu lives. I'm certain Your Honor is someone who keeps his promises."

After a moment's hesitation, Ye Qingyu asked, "That's right. Do you have any evidence that may prove your innocence?"

"Big brother! I'm the evidence! Uncle really didn't kill our people, our elder, dad and mom, and all of the Seven Fingers Race..." There was a staunch resolve in Shui Xiu's eyes as she casually used her sleeves to wipe away the tears on her face.

However, both men were clear that Shui Xiu's testimony did not amount to conclusive evidence.

"Would I have spent so many years on the wanted list if there was evidence..." Ge Ming's voice grew weaker.

He inhaled deeply from his lungs, but instead of seizing the time to correct his breathing like before, he seemed to indicate a lack of concern for his own life.

"Big brother, please believe Shui Xiu. Uncle really didn't massacre the Seven Fingers Race. He's the successor of our race, and the genius we're most proud of..." The little girl's voice became increasingly anxious as teardrops fell from her face like jade beads.

She rattled on desperately without caring how much Ye Qingyu believed her words.

She simply felt that the more she spoke, the higher the chance big brother would believe her and spare uncle's life.

But Ye Qingyu offered no response.

He simply kept quiet as if thinking of something.

However, there was a hint of despair in Ge Ming's eyes.

He heaved a sigh of relief and continued to look tenderly at Shui Xiu. Waving his hand, he said, "A one-sided statement is indeed uncredible. Shui Xiu, come over and don't bother your big brother. I'm tired of all these years of hiding, and besides, I was struck by the [Thousand Swords Arrow] and the [Heart Devouring Rune], such that I'm certain to die even if I don't run into Lu Li and Yang Wanqu again. Since I'm dying anyway, I'd rather die by your big brother's hands than those hypocrites'."

There was an unwillingness in Shui Xiu's eyes and an incomparable sadness on her delicate and thin face.

Although she wanted to explain on, she could deeply feel her present powerlessness.

With quivering footsteps, she turned around and returned beside Ge Ming, whereupon she threw herself into his arms while continuing to murmur, "Big brother, please don't kill uncle... please..."

After another moment of silence.

With a flash in his eyes, Ye Qingyu, who had remained motionless all this time, suddenly lowered his head to look at Ge Ming as if he had decided.

An extreme chill rose from his palm.

Ge Ming gradually closed his eyes, his expression never so calm before.

Shui Xiu, who he had closed off a half-meter away from him using a water mist qi, was trembling all over and brimming with tears as she entreated, "Don't... Don't..."

Just then.

Ye Qingyu abruptly smashed a palm forth.

Like a true dragon wreathed in ice crystals, his palm force charged toward Ge Ming's life-gate (the small of his back).

"I can finally have a good sleep..." In the face of death, Ge Ming raised the corners of his lips and formed an extremely happy smile.

But he felt a strange sensation.

As he awaited death in a posture of serenity, he did not feel the pain of vitality being drawn from his body.

Instead, he felt an extremely pleasant chill rapidly flowing into his heart and lungs through his life-gate before slithering like a spirit snake to his limbs and bones.

After several dozens of breaths, the toxin which had invaded his tendons and bloodstream was silently dispelled.

"You..." Somewhat rejuvenated, Ge Ming slowly opened his eyes that carried doubt and astonishment.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 711:


Chapter 729 Full of Riddles


When he felt the injuries in his body recover and the toxic force magically dispel, Ge Ming began to realize that the palm had healed him instead of killing him.

He was surprised like never before by this change.

Ye Qingyu looked at him with a solemn expression and declared, "I don't want my hands to be stained with the blood of an innocent, and so will personally investigate this matter. If I find out you're lying, I'll make sure to kill you the next time we meet!"

There was a conclusive resolve in his tone.

Subsequently, he withdrew his hand and slowly fell back.

"I just knew big brother is a good person... Big brother's a good person... Thank you big brother!" Crying with joy, Shui Xiu frantically kowtowed in Ye Qingyu's direction to show her gratitude.

"Little girl, I hope your luck will always be this good..." Perhaps because he saw the Song Xiaojun of old in her, Ye Qingyu was greatly sympathetic to Shui Xiu.

"Take good care of her." He raised the corners of his lips subtly as he looked at the girl whose eyes revealed joy and gratitude, before turning to look at Ge Ming.

The latter, whose complexion gradually regained sanguinity, nodded his head solemnly.

"Goodbye, Shui Xiu."

With his tender voice faintly reverberating among the stone formations, Ye Qingyu's figure glimmered like a light curtain and disappeared in front of the duo.

...

Two hours later.

In the 16th zone of the Black Demon Pool.

This was a completely different scene from that of the 15th zone.

It was an endless mountain wilderness which was completely covered with all kinds of curious and weird vegetation that emitted black and apple-green lusters.

These lusters refracted through the boundless, billowy Black Demon qi, making it seem as if flickering ghostfire was burning under the cover of the black fog.

Several demonic pillars, which had been assembled through repeated compressions, rose high into the clouds in the distant sky, causing black hurricanes to sweep forth.

As soon as he entered the zone, Ye Qingyu could clearly feel an extremely terrifying power surging among the surrounding Black Demon qi.

Looking across, he saw that the Black Demon qi was incomparably gloomy, such that his range of vision was no more than fifty meters.

He realized that the Black Demon qi that was stirring non-stop above the wilderness in this zone was more turbulent than the one in the 15th zone.

It was brimming with a cruel qi and an evil qi, both of which he had never felt before. This was a completely different suppressive power from what could be found in the 15th zone.

Every wisp of demon qi had been purified through over tens of millions of years of repeated quenching. The extremely frightening suppressive power within could turn a Bitter Sea realm expert into ash and smoke in an instant, while a Heaven Ascension realm expert would be suppressed into an ordinary martial expert.

In other words, any expert who entered the 16th zone or a later zone would find their actual battle strength heavily diminished. In particular, experts who primarily cultivated yuan qi would feel as if their limbs had been taken away. They would not only have to rely on the most primitive combat techniques, but would also be unable to use their inner yuan qi to fly and escape.

At this very moment, Ye Qingyu could also feel that his inner yuan qi was slightly suppressed and that his injuries were healing a little slower.

It was also at this moment that he truly understood why all cities, towns, and forces of different races were concentrated in the 15th zone and earlier.

It was difficult to survive, let alone live, in such a terrifying place.

His purpose for coming here and proceeding deeper into the Black Demon Pool was naturally to find Black Demon Herbs.

Since he had let Ge Ming off, it was unlikely that he could fulfill the Heaven Wasteland Domain's test tasks in the Black Demon Pool by hunting down and killing the criminals on the Alliance of Domains' wanted list.

Aside from the fact that these criminals were very elusive and exceptionally strong, the earlier experience had also made Ye Qingyu aware that they were not as easy to deal with as the information had suggested.

If Ge Ming alone had caused so many twists and turns, one could imagine how frightening the other beings ranked higher than him would be.

Therefore, Ye Qingyu adjusted his target realistically.

He decided to not chase after the wanted criminals, and instead to pick the Black Demon Herbs.

The deeper he ventured into the Black Demon Pool, the greater the suppressive power.

Ye Qingyu recalled seeing in the administration hall records that, beginning from the 16th zone, a martial expert's inner yuan qi would be suppressed by thirty to fifty percent per zone by the Black Demon qi.

The martial emperor who created the Black Demon Pool probably put this in place to protect the Black Demon Pool, I guess.

After carefully surveying for a bit, Ye Qingyu only then began to search for the Black Demon Herbs, which grew in the jungles and valleys of these depths, according to the topographic positions he had remembered.

The information he saw in the administration hall had said that the Black Demon Herb grew individually and often in crevices in which Yin qi had gathered, and was often found in jungle rock formations, cliff bottoms, and narrow valleys.

It was currently harder to find because it was not in season. Throughout the first sixteen zones, there were probably only six or seven spots where Yin qi was abundant and the growth needs of the Black Demon Herb were met during this season.

But for Ye Qingyu, finding these herbs was considerably easy because he had marked out the spots on a topographic map.

"Let's head to the Demon Teeth Valley to take a look first."

He decided after pondering for a bit.

...

After the time it took for an incense stick to burn off.

The Demon Teeth Valley.

This was a crevice-shaped valley to the easternmost of the 16th zone.

Black mud swamps that emitted a gloomy aura and a rotten smell were scattered on both sides of the valley, which were blocked off by ten-odd thick, sharp, and tusk-shaped black rocks. The narrow and long corridor was only wide enough to accommodate the passing through of one person, and as such, the terrain was dangerous like no other.

Ye Qingyu went back and forth in the valley several times as he carefully searched.

The result was very disappointing to him.

He began to frown after confirming that there was not a trace of the Black Demon Herb.

He had unmistakably marked the Demon Teeth Valley as a place where Black Demon Herbs grew on the topographic map. However, it now appeared that not only was there not a modicum of the said herb here, but there was also no other divine herbs or demon plants.

The situation was a little weird.

It was as if someone had deliberately dug up the entire valley.

Feeling doubtful, he was unable to figure out what was going on. After turning the matter over in his mind, he decided to proceed to and search the next location.

...

After the time it took to drink a cup of tea.

At the Wicked Fan Cliff.

From afar, the entire cliff brought to mind a giant folding fan that was spread open. Drops of dark green venom permeated through the rocks in between the rib joints, appearing as if countless emeralds were rolling down the cliff ceaselessly.

Passing through the Black Demon qi, Ye Qingyu carefully avoided the area where the venom had fallen and concentrated as he made his way down along the cliff and slowly landed below a rock formation at the bottom.

How could...

An astonished expression flashed across his eyes.

Throughout the bottom layer which was several hundred meters in range, save for a few spots where venom had gathered into a pool, the entire black mud layer had been flipped through such that not a blade of grass was left, just like in the earlier valley.

Could it actually be the picking season for divine and demon herbs right now?

That can't be right. The environment shouldn't be destroyed like that even if the herbs were collected.

Ye Qingyu remembered clearly that, along his journey down from the third zone, the divine and demon herbs which he had seen pedlars selling in shops and stalls were mostly types of vegetation which were ranked 50th placed and lower.

The most valuable and rare herb among them was merely the seventh-ranked Dwarf Buckwheat, which was sold at a high price in a large pharmacy in the 14th zone.

In the subsequent "incense-burning" time.

Quickening his footsteps, he went around the Double Wall Valley, the Bullhorn Cliff, the Rainbow Gum Forest, and the Python Skin Pool, which theoretically were places where the Black Demon Herb could appear, yet he found none.

Worth mentioning was also his discovery of traces that the vegetation in these places had been swept through.

What exactly is going on?

Ye Qingyu became more and more mystified.

Some unknown things must have happened in this zone.

He became aware that he would not yield anything and would simply be wasting time if he continued to search blindly, and thus felt it necessary to find someone to ask.

Recalling several information records, he came up with a plan. After he finished searching the Python Skin Pool, he changed his physique and appearance and then turned to walk toward a hilly region where the Black Demon qi was thinner, several kilometers to the west of the valley.

According to the records regarding herb pedlars in the Black Demon Pool, there were several aboriginal natives who lived in the 16th zone generation after generation and had thereby gained an understanding of this dark and desolate place which no outsider could possibly have.

Among these aboriginal inhabitants, there was a race, called the Black Armor Race, whose sense of smell was acute like no one else's and who was adept at climbing cliffs and canyons.

Rumor had it that this was a race derived from the Black Demon Race and pangolin demonic beast, and that for tens of millions of years, they had made their living in the 16th zone by picking and selling valuable and rare vegetation.

A yuan qi-cultivating expert would feel as though their throat was being choked by the suppressive power of the Black Demon qi upon entering the 16th zone. But for the Black Armor Race, the Black Demon qi did not affect them much because they had long depended on four claws and a shell which were as hard as steel rocks, and were thus already used to this kind of environment.

This was also why they would often be engaged by the martial experts in the Black Demon Pool to collect divine and demon herbs for cultivation.

Ye Qingyu darted toward the camp of the Black Armor Race.

...

Several dozen breaths later.

On a south-facing slope of the hills.

Ten-odd hide-braced tents were untidily pitched here. Several members of the Black Armor Race, whose heads had evolved to be no different from humans' yet their bodies retained a bestial shape, were gathered together furiously discussing something.

Several peculiar machetes, which looked rather crude and not as sharp as most precious weapons, were placed in front of them.

These machetes were made from the polished bones of deceased members of the Black Armor Race.

Unlike the bones of ordinary demonic beasts, the bones of the Black Armor Race had a black luster and contained a trace of Black Demon qi which was rather similar to the qi found throughout the Black Demon Pool.

According to the records of the Demon Plant List in the pentagonal token, the vegetation of the Black Demon Pool, especially the top ten most valuable and rare divine and demon herbs, could not be touched by weapons or hands which contained yuan qi. Therefore, the machetes made from the bones of the Black Armor Race instead preserved their medicinal properties to the maximum extent and were hence extremely suitable for extracting divine and demon herbs.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 712:


Chapter 730 - Fallen God Abyss


Having put on the appearance of an ordinary human, Ye Qingyu walked toward the camp where the Black Armor Race was gathered.

"I've heard you may be engaged to pick divine and demon herbs, no?" He deliberately tweaked his voice to sound rather old and like the friction of rusted iron.

Upon hearing this, several Black Armor people who were standing outside the camp were shocked. Taking up arms, they hurriedly looked at the human, who appeared out of nowhere, with eyes that carried a hint of caution.

For them, the arrival of foreign race experts could mean that business was coming, but at the same time, there was a certain danger involved. Their mentality was that, aside from many familiar forces which they had long-term dealings with, every other foreign race was dangerous, especially human experts who were on their own yet powerful.

This formerly-bloodthirsty race had witnessed many cases of death during the transaction of medicinal herbs in bygone days.

They did not immediately respond to Ye Qingyu and seemed to be prying into his origin using their eyes.

"Don't be mistaken, I mean no harm." Ye Qingyu knew that they were doubtful of him and thus he tried to act as genial as he could, "I'd heard the elder of Bloodthorn Hall say that the Black Armor Race are the finest herb hunters in the 16th zone and that he'd enlisted your help to pick herbs before. As I happen to have a need recently, he directed me here to find you guys."

Looking calm, he threw a token that emitted a blood-colored halo at them.

This was a token that had dropped from the arms of a fleeing elder when Ye Qingyu was killing the Bloodthorn Hall elder Xing Xiejun.

A person who seemed to be the leader among them took the token and carefully examined it for a while. Subsequently, with a faint sense of relief, he pointed at an earthen square stool beside them and said, "I didn't realize you were introduced by the Bloodthorn Hall elder. Please take a seat."

The cluster of black hair on this leader's head appeared like black strips of broken cloth neatly tied behind him.

"Your Honor, what herbs are you looking for?" The leader's expression remained cautious.

Behind him, dozens of Black Armor Race experts continued to grasp their weapons, looking as if they might strike out at any time.

Under the leader's command, several men brought a couple of small baskets weaved from beast tendons and hide.

Ye Qingyu took a cursory look at the many kinds of herbs placed inside. Although these were also highly valuable and exclusive to the Black Demon Pool, they were all ranked 20th and below, and were not what he needed to boot.

"Black Demon Herb," he said in a deep voice. "I'm looking for the Black Demon Herb."

It was often a good business technique to get straight to the point.

"The Black Demon Herb?!"

A few of the Black Armor Race people looked shocked and wary, and their body armor began to straighten.

"We don't have Black Demon Herbs!" The leader appeared angry, as if he already had the intent of ordering the guest to leave.

Ye Qingyu was somewhat puzzled by their reactions.

In the meantime, he acutely perceived that each of their bodies was carrying at least a few new wounds. There were also traces of a fight about the entire place, which was in a mess.

"Were you attacked?" He did not continue asking about the Black Demon Herb, for he had vaguely felt that their sudden change of attitude, as well as their injuries, were related to it.

"We've suffered several surprise attacks in recent days, all thanks to profiteering assholes like you. They've not only robbed us of the little Black Demon Herbs we had remaining, but also seriously injured many of our people!" Battle intent erupted from the grim-faced leader's body, and on his scale armor flickered a dark glow.

Indeed.

Ye Qingyu appeared deep in thought.

Not only were the places where Black Demon Herbs grew swept clean, but even the Black Armor Race was ransacked.

"It seems that you've misunderstood me. I simply wanted to find out where the Black Demon Herbs went, and the reason why I'm finding them is to save lives. You all should know that, after being refined, the Black Demon Herb greatly boosts a human's recovery from injuries," he explained in earnest.

The leader stared at him for a while with eyes that still contained some suspicion.

He clearly did not believe Ye Qingyu's explanation entirely.

After a moment's silence, he gradually curbed his anger and said in a frosty tone, "Your Honor will be disappointed. In the first place, these few months aren't the season when they are in abundance, and three days ago, someone offered ten times the market price to purchase all Black Demon Herbs, and that's why large numbers of herb hunters arrived in the 16th zone and swept clean those places where the herbs grow. It's practically impossible for you to find a single Black Demon Herb in this zone at this time."

What?!

Ye Qingyu shuddered.

Did this really happen?

Someone is going all out for the Black Demon Herbs?

No wonder they said there were profiteering assholes.

The high price must have enticed many experts to sweep the 16th zone clean and caused the Black Armor Race to be repeatedly ransacked.

What's more, three days ago...

How could it be so coincidental?

He vaguely sensed that things were not as simple as they seemed on the surface.

A smell of conspiracy pervaded the air.

Somewhat disappointed, Ye Qingyu remained silent for a few breaths.

However, he was not ready to give up just like that deep down.

As hunting down the wanted criminals was already impractical, the only way to pass the test was to obtain the Black Demon Herb.

Otherwise, the test would be a fail.

Ye Qingyu looked once again at the people of the Black Armor Race.

Perhaps they knew some secret places or some unique methods of finding the Black Demon Herb, having been the aboriginal inhabitants of the 16th zone for so many years.

Hoping to get lucky, he enquired once again, "Your people have lived here for generations and naturally understand the terrain and vegetation growth in these parts much better than other races. I wonder if you have any other way of finding the Black Demon Herb?"

The leader looked at Ye Qingyu and then turned to whisper a few lines in the ears of two subordinates.

When he turned his head back, he gently nodded and replied, "Foreigner, the truth is there's indeed a method you may try, but it's very dangerous."

"What is it?" A delight shone in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

"The Black Armor Race has never done things for free." A crafty expression glowed in the leader's eyes as he spoke coldly.

After a brief daze, Ye Qingyu understood what the leader meant.

He handed over a thumb-sized high-grade origin crystal.

With flashing eyes, the leader received the origin crystal and weighed it in his hand. After careful examination, he nodded contently and said, "The ancestral legends of our race mention an abyss in the north called the Fallen God Abyss. As its name implies, it is so dangerous that even a visiting deity would fall into a returnless place. Yet at the same time, it is a place where Yin qi is abounding, and is therefore very suitable for Black Demon Herbs and similarly precious herbs to grow. More than eight hundred years ago, a Great Saint-level expert of our race visited that place and collected quite a few extremely rare divine and demon herbs. However, he died a sudden death within ten days of returning."

"So, does this place only exist in the legends?" Ye Qingyu frowned slightly.

"No, there are records of that place in our ancestral topographic maps. It's just that our rules have banned our people from going close ever since that Great Saint expert's death." The leader fished out a piece of gray beast hide and handed it to Ye Qingyu.

Several hill landforms were drawn on it.

The precise location of the Fallen God Abyss was marked in cinnabar red in a deep gap between two peaks.

"If you absolutely must find the Black Demon Herb, that's the only place you can try your luck in, but don't blame me for not warning you. I've heard that a few years ago, a pinnacle Immortal Step realm expert accidentally strayed into the Fallen God Abyss while passing through the 16th zone, and after several days of waiting, his companions still hadn't seen him reappear. Many people guessed that he must've fallen into the abyss... There are way too many of such cases." The leader looked at Ye Qingyu with a rather odd expression.

It seemed to indicate that he was looking at a fool who was seeking his own doom.

However, Ye Qingyu took no notice of the leader's expression as he was busy studying the topographic map.

It took a while before he raised his head thoughtfully and nodded to express his thanks to the leader.

He had to seize this one and only opportunity no matter how dangerous and frightening the leader made the Fallen God Abyss out to be. Otherwise, the Heaven Wasteland Domain's road toward rating would come to an end right here.

He had made up his mind.

Before he left, he took out a piece of fingernail-sized high-grade origin crystal and exchanged it for one of the Black Armor Race's unique palm-sized beast bone machete.

With that, he departed from the Black Armor Race's camp and flew toward the direction of the Fallen God Abyss.

...

An hour later.

In the sky above the Fallen God Abyss.

Every now and then, dense Black Demon qi would spout toward the sky from within the abyss, looking very much the picture of magma bubbling in a volcano.

The heart-palpitating booming noises sounded like the roars of tens of thousands of beasts hidden deep underground.

Because visibility was very poor, Ye Qingyu dived in gingerly and slowly.

But even so, the extremely strange evil and cruel qi blew against his face like the waves of a boundless ocean.

"I'd never thought there would be such a strange place in the 16th zone..."

The lower he dived, the more he felt the terror of the power contained within the Black Demon qi.

While his yuan qi could be said to be only mildly suppressed when he entered the 16th zone, it was instead inhibited by thirty to forty percent at this time.

Looks like the Black Armor Race was right...

Although he had not reached the entrance of the Fallen God Abyss, he could clearly feel that the abyss below contained an even more powerful Yin qi than the six or seven places earlier.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

