Chapter 1001:


Chapter 1017 – What Exactly Had Happened? (1)


Yang Wanqu immediately stiffened.

Although his back was facing the intruder, he had clearly recognized the intruder's voice.

Who was he kidding? He would definitely be able to recognize this voice anywhere.

He had been pursued by this person until he had nowhere left to hide and the Black Moon Immortal Palace was crushed by this person to the point where they were unable to regain their former dignity. There was a period of time when Yang Wanqu would even constantly dream of the killing demon slashing at him repeatedly with his sword. Was there ever a time when he woke up from these dreams without being drenched in cold sweat?

Although his cultivation had soared significantly and he was no longer an ignorant fool, he was still unable to erase the trauma from the depths of his heart.

This was why his hair immediately stood on end when he heard this familiar voice.

Swish!

He transformed into a bolt of lightning and immediately hurtled to Li Shengyan as he stretched out his hands to grab him.

He knew that he would definitely not be able to escape. Their [Camp] was very updated on the latest news so he knew that Ye Qingyu's strength had skyrocketed at the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor to the point where he was now even more terrifying. Therefore, Yang Wanqu's plan was simple – he would capture Li Shengyan and use him as a hostage. He was certain that Ye Qingyu wouldn't dare to act rashly, for fear of accidentally harming Li Shengyan once he captured him.

As long as he bought some time to turn the situation around, this would mean survival for him.

Their [Camp] had worked together with the Four Stars Sect to lay out all kinds of traps that covered a radius of thousands of kilometers around the area. Quasi-emperors had fallen victim to these traps so he was sure that Ye Qingyu wouldn't be able to escape either.

However, for all his speed, someone else was even faster.

Yang Wanqu had already caught hold of the corners of Li Shengyan's clothes and he could even feel the warmth from his body on his palm but suddenly, the fatty's figure transformed into a phantom shadow and disappeared from his hands like flowing water.

"Uh…"

Yang Wanqu was greatly astonished.

When he looked up, the fatty who was now missing an arm and a hand was already ten meters away and he was being supported by Ye Qingyu who was dressed in white robes.

"Ow ow ow, please be more gentle. It hurts…" The fatty squealed loudly like a pig facing slaughter and his face was so full of injuries that it swelled up like a pig's head. It was clear that he was in extreme pain and the shape of his face had even changed while his bloodshot eyes brimmed with unshed tears.

"Weren't you facing death stoically earlier?" Ye Qingyu said exasperatedly even as he placed his palm against the fatty's back to release powerful yuan qi into his body, helping him dispel the five or six beams of unwanted forces within him that had been planted by the Four Stars holy girl and her cronies.

"That was then, this is now. I didn't know that you were coming earlier. As a descendant of ancestor Xiaofei, I couldn't possibly cry out in pain in front of the enemy, how embarrassing would that be?" The fatty's face was soon drenched in tears and he looked very pitiful as he retorted sharply.

Ye Qingyu was left speechless.

"The enemy who tortured you earlier is still present and he’s still looking at you, so I doubt there's much of a difference now," Ye Qingyu said a little helplessly. This fatty was truly a funny fellow and together with the silly dog Little Nine, they would be a match made in heaven.

"What? Do you actually mean to let him walk out of here alive?" The fatty said angrily as though he was a dog whose tail had been trodden on, "Kill this bastard. Once he's dead, no one else would know of this matter."

Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded.

No one paid any attention to Yang Wanqu who stood opposite them.

The moment he missed earlier, he immediately turned to flee.

But he failed.

He was pinned to the spot by an extremely powerful qi activity and this sensation was terribly frightening, as though he was standing on a snow peak up in the sky that was on the verge of collapse. It seemed as though any small movement, even if a needle fell to the ground, this would set off a destructive avalanche that would destroy him.

Obviously, this qi activity originated from Ye Qingyu.

Yang Wanqu had not expected that Ye QIngyu's cultivation was even more terrifying than what was described in the news report their [Camp] had received earlier.

He was absolutely sure that a single movement from him could set up this abundant and majestic qi activity and bring about a destructive attack from Ye Qingyu that would tear him into pieces.

Therefore, he didn't dare to move, neither did he dare to flee.

An icy chill that seeped into his bones completely engulfed him.

Beads of sweat slid down his forehead.

Approximately fifteen minutes later—

The fatty Li Shengyan suddenly let out a relieved groan.

Strange pattering sounds could be heard from his body and five or six beams of mists that were of varying colors carrying traces of death qi spewed out from his nose and mouth to disappear into the Void. Then, powerful ripples of aura surged from the fatty's feeble body and in a flash of divine splendor, the injuries that festered all over his body and crawled with maggots healed at a visible speed.

Even the arm and palm that had been hacked off and grown back on his body.

His flesh and blood had grown back on his body.

This was the handiwork of an expert.

The fatty was the descendant of a Quasi-emperor and he had been personally guided by [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] which resulted in a significant surge of his strength. He had already attained the Great Saint realm some time ago – this rate of improvement might seem shocking but he had been personally guided by a Quasi-emperor. The fact that he was innately talented was secondary; even a pig would have been able to dominate the world if it were to be guided by [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] who was matchless in this world.

Ye Qingyu had managed to completely dispel the unwanted forces from this fatty's body in a short period of time.

These unwanted forces moving through his body were the reason why the fatty had been unable to unleash his strength earlier and they also suppressed his cultivation. When these unwanted forces clashed intensely, he was no better than an ordinary human which was also why Yang Wanqu could hack at his body at will. Once these unwanted forces were dispelled, his abundant yuan qi cultivation was restored.

"Ah…" The fatty released an ecstatic moan. "That felt great."

Then, he looked at Yang Wanqu and beamed as he said, "What goes around comes around, it seems like you’re the unlucky fellow this time... Tell me, how would you like to die?"

Yang Wanqu grew very pale.

The fatty turned back to look at Ye Qingyu and said, "Help me kill him."

Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded.

"Sure, it just so happened that I've been searching for him for a long, long time," Ye Qingyu said with a nod and turned to walk toward Yang Wanqu.

At that moment, the qi activity that felt like an avalanche suddenly relaxed.

Yang Wanqu instantly felt like a great weight had lifted from his body.

He didn't even bother to exhale and immediately turned into a ray of flowing light as he tried to flee.

However, he hadn't even flown three meters upwards before a ray of sword light hurtled toward him. Yang Wanqu was extremely shocked. If he continued rising upward, he would definitely be sliced into two by this ray of sword light, so there was nowhere else he could go but to return to his original spot. If he tried fleeing anywhere else, the ray of sword light would definitely hit him.

All his blood suddenly rushed backward and he almost vomited blood as he was forced to return to his original spot.

"There's nowhere else for you to run. Prepare to defend yourself."

Ye Qingyu's expression hardened. He had only just ended his period of self-isolation in the mountain cave when he sensed movement nearby and rushed over. He hadn't been expecting to come across this situation. In any case, other than the fact that Li Shengyan was his friend, whatever Black Moon Immortal Palace did to the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission in the past was enough reason for him to not spare Yang Wanqu.

"If you kill me, then both of you will also be doomed. No one would be able to walk out of the Wei River Mountain Range alive," Yang Wanqu's face twisted savagely, then he laughed coldly, "This place has already become an iron-walled hell and everything is within our control. Furthermore, it won't be easy for you to kill me since I'm no longer the Yang Wanqu of the past."

Then, he suddenly raised his hand.

A dazzling ray of black radiance that was at least ten thousand meters tall skyrocketed to the heavens. Then, it transformed into a peculiar black udumbara flower that was three hundred meters wide that lit up the skies so brightly that it could be seen throughout the Wei River Mountain Range.

Ye Qingyu stood in a corner and watched this scene quietly.

He didn't move to stop him at all.

"Ha ha, you're far too arrogant," Yang Wanqu let out a sigh of relief and his heart that had been caught in his throat returned to its normal rhythm. He laughed wildly as he said, "I can't believe you actually let me release the distress signal. Ha ha ha, do you know who'd be coming to rescue me? You're definitely doomed. It'll be impossible for you to kill me now."

He finally let himself completely relax at that moment.

Once the news spread, the surrounding troops would be able to arrive really soon. Although he knew he wasn't Ye Qingyu's match, he would definitely be able to hang on until help arrived. He felt as though the looming shadow of death had completely left him, just like how a drowning man felt when he was finally rescued.

Ye Qingyu looked at Yang Wanqu like he was looking at a dead man and said, "I wanted you to release the distress signal. How else would I be able to find your allies?"

"How arrogant of you. You've merely courted death with your actions," Yang Wanqu threw his head back and laughed heartily, then he continued, "Let me show you how powerful I've become… [Heaven-Shaking Sword] – First Killer Move!"

His sword light rose and fell.

Yang Wanqu's palm transformed into a sword and hacked downwards from a distance.

A heaven-splitting black sword radiance that was hundreds of meters long cut through the air and slashed downwards. The air split into two parts as though it was made of butter, the earth quaked and the mountains trembled, and cracks appeared in the Void. It was as though the entire heavens had been split into two by this one sword move. The ancient formations that covered the sword body circulated around; this deadly killer move clearly wasn't of this world.

This sword movement wasn't of this era.

It was an ancient technique from the bygone era.

This move alone would be enough to kill a peak Saint which showed how much powerful Yang Wanqu had become.

"So this is why you were so confident. How pathetic of you," Ye Qingyu looked contemptuously at the confident Yang Wanqu, then he stretched out his index finger and pointed outward just before the [Heaven Shaking Sword] reached his head.

Sword radiance spurted out from the tip of his finger.

Bam!

There was a soft sound.

His finger had immediately shattered the black sword radiance.

The shattered sword radiance sprayed across the Void like shards of black glaze, then it was no longer able to maintain its form and completely vanished.

"You…" Yang Wanqu was completely astonished.

When he attacked earlier, he already knew that he wouldn't be able to defeat Ye Qingyu with this move.

However, he hadn't expected his sword move to be destroyed so effortlessly.

"[Heaven-Shaking Sword] – Second Killer Move…. Third, Fourth Killer Move!"

Yang Wanqu was both surprised and enraged, and a [Demon Lotus Black Sword] appeared in his hand that swirled with demonic evil power. It was clearly an ancient demon sword and comprised of Yin and Yang. He instantly made his move and endless black sword radiance covered the skies and the sun as it slashed downwards. Every move he made this time was more powerful than the First Killer Move he unleashed earlier.

The sword radiance was like a sea of demon swords that descended from the heavens with the intent to wipe out all signs of life. It completely blanketed Ye Qingyu's figure.

"It would be possible to defeat a Great Saint with this move," Ye Qingyu said with some surprise. Yang Wanqu turned out to be more powerful than he had expected. "Unfortunately, this is still nothing to me. As compared to the Greater One Spiritual Master, there is a vast difference in your aptitudes. How disappointing," Both men had been completely transformed by dark forces that resulted in their cultivations skyrocketing but the Greater One Spiritual Master had created a Black-White Yin-Yang technique while Yang Wanqu had merely rigidly followed the techniques of ancient men.

Then, Ye Qingyu pinched out a sword imprint with the five fingers on his right hand and smashed it out with his fist.

Dazzling silver splendor exploded instantly and a blinding sword radiance shot up to the skies to transform into light qi. It was like a divine light sword that immediately broke apart the sea of demon swords that filled the skies. The black demon sword move was completely destroyed just like snow on hot oil before Yang Wanqu could even react.

The skies returned to their bright and blue hue.

Even though it was daytime, the stars in the universe could clearly be seen.

Nothing was more beautiful than this scene.

The power of that one sword was extremely formidable.

Yang Wanqu was greatly astonished.

There were eight killer moves to his [Heaven-Shaking Sword] and these were all imparted to him from the [Camp's] arsenal. These were all matchless moves but Ye Qingyu had destroyed them all so effortlessly that he lost confidence in the remaining four moves that he had yet to display.

Fortunately, at that moment, powerful energy waves rippled in the Void some distance away.

Dozens of figures flashed as they ripped through the skies.

Help had arrived.

Their leader was a thin man with a head of messy hair who also carried a large black sword that swirled with evil qi – this was the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit and he looked many times more powerful than he had been at [Dragon Palace]. He moved like a black blazing sun through the skies and right behind him was a voluptuous figure who was clad in bright red armor. She was extremely beautiful and youthful like a flaming ball of fire. Her fatally beautiful aura could be felt from kilometers away – she was the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy].

These two people had joined forces.

They were both from the [Camp].

They were accompanied by more than ten other experts and from their energy waves, it was clear that they were all Great Saint experts.

"Our men have arrived, so you've missed your window of opportunity. Ha ha," Yang Wanqu whistled and guided these men to him, then he laughed wildly and looked mockingly at Ye Qingyu, "Ha ha, from now on, you'd never be able to kill me. Don't even think about exacting revenge for the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission. Ha ha ha, you're completely trapped now with nowhere to go and it is time you pay the price for your foolish arrogance. Once you're our prisoner, I'll be your worst nightmare…"

Cavalry had finally arrived.

Yang Wanqu's confidence surged hundredfold.

Ye Qingyu laughed, "Idiot."

As soon as he spoke—

Sword light rose and fell, then a wisp of silver radiance appeared.

Ye Qingyu had officially made his move.

This sword contained the late stage mysteries of the Divine Emperor sword will that he derived from his observations of the battle of Quasi-emperors.

Yang Wanqu was already on his guard and his body was protected by the sword qi from his [Heaven-Shaking Sword] that even a Great Saint wouldn't be able to destroy in seconds. As he frantically exerted his protective force, the [Heaven-Shaking Sword] qi shot up to the sky like a divine column with a black radiance that tore the clouds apart and protected him within it. Before he knew it, he suddenly saw a flash of silver radiance, then suddenly he felt an icy sensation from his left arm and right hand. Instantly, his right arm and left hand had been hacked off.

The protective sword qi that he had been so proud of was torn as easily as paper.

"Ah…" He shrieked in surprise but before he could finish screaming, he felt the world turn in a blur.

The winner of this battle had already emerged.

Ye Qingyu grabbed him and threw him at Li Shengyan's feet.

Icy cold sword qi entered Yang Wanqu's body and sealed his cultivation.

The entire process had only lasted mere seconds, so quickly that it was like time had turned back or stopped at that moment. Yang Wanqu was so stunned that he couldn't even feel the pain from his missing hand and arm. The only thing he could think of was – what exactly had happened?

It was only then that the twinkling flowing lights who were supposed to rescue him finally descended on the ground.

Ye Qingyu had moved too quickly.

Neither the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit nor the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] was able to rescue Yang Wanqu in time.

A moment of silence later.

"He he, I can't believe that this idiot Yang Wanqu attempted to catch Li Shengyan single-handedly in an effort to take all the credit. But then he accidentally caught a big fish." The [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] was thrilled when she spotted Ye Qingyu. "Ha ha, this is brilliant. Ye Qingyu who had vanished without a trace has finally made his appearance. Now, we've gathered all the people we were supposed to find."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1002:


Chapter 1017 – No One Was Spared from His Sword (2)


The moment the other Great Saints landed, their figures flashed and they completely surrounded Ye Qingyu and Li Shengyan, sealing off all possible escape routes.

They were dressed exactly the same and wore long-hooded black cloaks and black ghost masks that concealed their features. They were dressed like Dark Great Saints, but their cultivation was truly at the Great Saint realm. Their Dark Great Saint aura was also a lot stronger than that of the three Great Saints who were at the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit's side earlier at the [Dragon Palace].

Black demon mist swirled and turned into wisps of dark formation chains that sealed off this part of the world.

"Haha, none of you will be able to escape this time. Accept your fate. You'll all go down with me!" Yang Wanqu said when he finally came back to his senses. He showed complete disregard for his own predicament and laughed loudly as his face twisted hideously. He was certain that these two people would perish alongside him, and he reacted like a poisonous viper that had seven inches of its body pinned down.

Li Shengyan immediately kicked him and all his teeth fell from his gums.

"Who's going down with you? You should be thinking of how you should be pleading for mercy later when I torture you… Hehe," Li Shengyan said as he deliberately laughed evilly, which caused all of Yang Wanqu's hair to stand on end. Over the past year or so, there was not a single soul who did not know that this fatty Li Shengyan was truly a little demon and that he had an inexhaustible arsenal of torture methods.

"Brother, I'll leave you to handle the rest," the fatty said nonchalantly. "Let me collect some interest from this fool first." After being tortured so badly by Yang Wanqu earlier, this vengeful fatty could not wait to exact his revenge.

This fatty left Ye Qingyu completely dumbfounded.

He flung the turtle shell to the fatty and said, "You should take this back. If I really can't defeat these people later, it will come in handy when you need to escape." Ye Qingyu felt very grateful toward this fatty. The previous incident with the turtle shell showed that this fatty truly treated him like a brother; otherwise, he would not have given him this turtle shell, which Quasi-emperor Xiaofei had given him for protection. If this turtle shell had been in the fatty's possession over the past few days, he would not have been tortured so badly by Yang Wanqu that he was almost turned into a human swine.

He did not expect the fatty to wail regretfully after he accepted the turtle shell. "Dammit, if I had known earlier that I'd be in such grave danger, I would have never given this precious treasure to you. From this incident, I've learned that one shouldn't be too loyal."

Ye Qingyu was once again at a loss for words.

"Dammit. I shouldn't have said anything."

Whatever gratitude he had felt toward the fatty vanished in that instant.

That fatty's attitude was making it hard for anyone to feel grateful.

"Have you finished saying your last words?" the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit said, his body full of cruel qi as though he was possessed by the devil. His eyes were bloodshot and he carried his sword as he walked toward Ye Qingyu. "If you're done talking, then you should prepare to die."

Ye Qingyu laughed. "I've defeated you once before, and yet you still dare to spout such arrogant words?"

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit flung his head back and howled fiercely. "The battle at the [Dragon Palace] resulted in me breaking past my mental shackles. I've also witnessed the Dao battle of Quasi-emperors and benefited in the same manner as you have. Since I managed to gain from that one battle, does it matter that I lost the battle?"

"I can tell that the demon qi has entered your body and your mind has gone to the dark side. You've clearly given up on your pride and dignity to completely become someone else's bitch. You've already completely lost your sense of self, yet you dare to shamelessly claim that you've broken past your mental shackles," Ye Qingyu said as he shook his head. "From now on, the Vast Thousand Domains have lost a Heaven's prideling of the younger generation and you're no longer worthy of being my opponent."

"What's the use of being so eloquent? The third deputy spokesperson of the Human Race is still destined to perish at the Wei River Mountain Range today… Kill!"

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit cackled oddly.

He had completely gone over to the dark side and his aura and temperament were no longer recognizable. He had lost his sense of self and fallen to the dark Dao. He then transformed into a bolt of lightning and slashed out with his long sword.

Ye Qingyu shook his head and scoffed, "Why isn't Four Stars holy girl here?"

Then, a ray of [Divine Emperor] sword radiance appeared from thin air and charged forward.

During his period of self-isolation in the cave, he comprehended the Dao essence law that he had witnessed from the exchange of blows between the million-year-old soul and Quasi-emperor Mushan. Then, he combined it with his knowledge gained from the fierce battles on the Life and Death Platform to finally comprehend the Great Dao. This resulted in his Divine Emperor sword will reaching the late stage, and he could now form visible swords that had the ability to slash all things. He had only displayed a small part of his strength earlier when he used his finger to overcome Yang Wanqu's [Heaven-Shaking Sword] and there had been faint traces of Quasi-emperor Mushan's movements. However, now that his opponent was the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit, who was more powerful and had sunk further into the depths of darkness, he finally unleashed his true power.

His [Divine Emperor] sword radiance was as dazzling as silver and was full of icy qi.

It was only one ray of sword light but it was more powerful than thousands of sword lights combined.

Boom!

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit used his [Black Lotus Demon Sword] to destroy the [Divine Emperor] sword radiance, but he was also thrown back by the impact.

"Four Stars holy girl has other matters to attend to. I'll be able to kill you single-handedly. [Heinous Crime Three Strikes Technique]!"

He bellowed angrily.

His figure paused for a short moment in the Void, then charged forward at an even faster speed. The moment he made his move, his figure flashed then split into three, and all three figures looked like his true form. He slashed out with his [Black Lotus Demon Sword] once more, and each sword seemed to contain even more murderous intent and evil qi than his peak true form. This was not an illusion that was created at high speed to confuse others, but it was the supremely powerful combat technique of the Sinful Pit.

One slash of his sword could transform into three slashes and all three slashes were equally powerful.

This was the [Heinous Crime Three Strikes Technique].

This move from the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit was powerful enough to kill Great Saint experts.

He had indeed improved significantly since their last encounter at the [Dragon Palace].

"Heinous crimes? Watch as my light sword brings the light back into the sky." Ye Qingyu laughed. His heroic spirit surged and he did not move, but instead, he smacked his palms together in front of his chest. Then, silver sword radiance surged from all ten fingers and bloomed like a lotus flower to form a sword imprint. He pushed it forward with both hands and a ray of blinding silver splendor from his light divine sword that contained endless icy qi immediately charged forward. Then, Divine Emperor sword will spilled all throughout the sky.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The Divine Emperor sword will was powerful and bright, as majestic as an ocean.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit yelled loudly, then this light sword will shattered his sword technique and an icy coldness shrouded the Void to form black ice that froze everything. He was instantly trapped in a round, transparent block of dark ice that was more than ten meters wide. Then, this block of ice plummeted to the ground.

Bam!

The black ice shattered when it was ten meters above the ground.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit managed to free himself from the black ice but a layer of silver ice covered his body and his aura had diminished significantly.

"I'm really disappointed that only a few of you have appeared." Ye Qingyu's piercing gaze swept the area like a ray of sword radiance.

He was truly disappointed. He had already known that Yang Wanqu had submitted to the Four Stars holy girl a long time ago and he had allowed Yang Wanqu to release the distress signal in hopes that it would attract her. He planned to use this opportunity to kill that woman to prevent her from causing further harm. He did not expect the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit and the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] to arrive on the scene. Although these were also important people, he was surprised to see that they were also part of that [Camp]. Nonetheless, he felt disappointed that he could not use this chance to kill the Four Stars holy girl, who was completely evil.

"You may launch a joint attack together." Ye Qingyu's body was covered in silver sword qi and the icy [Divine Emperor] light sword will skyrocketed to the heavens. "Stop wasting my time. I'll send you all to your deaths together."

He was like a god from the heavens who had descended to the earth, and his body was protected by the [Divine Emperor] light sword will as though it were shrouded by a blazing sun column that was powerful and impregnable. His aura was as mighty as the sun and the stars—upright and righteous, abundant and mysterious. His Saint power was impressively powerful and was accompanied by a light so blinding that no one could stare directly at him.

"Hehe, the deputy spokesperson is so cool. I guess we'll have to respectfully do as you say," the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] said with a pretty laugh. With her gorgeous and matchless beauty, she was like a fairy of the Nine Heavens.

Her slim and slender waist, fair snowy skin, full breasts, swaying butt, slender legs, voluptuous lips, and every single part of her body were all full of seductive charm. Those who were not mentally strong enough would have fallen prey to her beauty, which was as dangerous as a poisoned knife, before they could even attack.

"Why are you still wasting time spouting nonsense? Kill, kill him!" the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit, who had experienced consecutive defeats, yelled loudly.

All eighteen black Great Saints immediately attacked.

A sea of black flames appeared and surged like roaring waves.

"Haha, great job. Now it's time for me to test out what I've comprehended… [Great Light Sword Tempest]!" Ye Qingyu chuckled and there was not a trace of fear in his eyes at all.

The [Divine Emperor] light sword will was as immovable as a divine mountain and protected him within its light, keeping all evil at bay.

At his mental command, ten thousand swords appeared.

Thick and wide great light swords appeared with a metallic clang and they fanned out in layers all over the sky like a peacock unfurling its feathers. It was an extremely beautiful sight, as though a flower made of light swords had bloomed. Then, he pushed forward with both hands and all ten thousand rays of bright sword light charged through the sky.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The sounds of frightening clashes rang out.

Black blood sprayed everywhere.

These booming sounds radiated endlessly in all directions like raindrops pattering on banana leaves.

The shadow of death immediately descended upon this place, and in one move, he killed eight out of the eighteen dark Great Saints and their spirits were destroyed with only a wisp of aura left in the Void. As for the remaining ten dark Great Saints, two of them were seriously injured and four escaped with light injuries…

"[Great Light Soul Stealing Heaven Strike]."

Ye Qingyu did not show any mercy after hitting his target. His figure flashed and immediately reappeared in front of the dark Great Saint who was the fastest to retreat. He reached out behind him and grabbed a wisp of sword spark, then he shook it and it transformed into a great light icy sword that was both thick and wide. He hacked down ruthlessly.

Puff!

Black blood light exploded.

This dark Great Saint had shown the fastest reaction earlier and escaped without a single injury. He was also the most powerful expert amongst the group, but once he attracted Ye Qingyu's attention, he was as good as dead. He was rendered completely helpless, and as silver splendor flashed, he was hacked into two pieces down the middle.

"Hahahaha, he couldn't even handle one blow."

Ye Qingyu laughed heartily. He was like a god of death as he turned around and executed his sword moves.

The [Great Light Divine Emperor] sword will ripped across the sky, and an icy chill sealed the heavens and froze the earth.

Another two dark Great Saints who had escaped without injuries earlier were hacked into two pieces from their waists. The [Divine Emperor] ice sword will entered their bodies to destroy their vitality and spirit. The four parts of their bodies turned into ice blocks that plummeted to the ground, breaking into a million pieces. These two Great Saints were completely dead.

No one was spared from his sword.

Ye Qingyu was like a god of death who left no living creature behind wherever he went.

"Kill!" The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit turned into flowing light once more and charged upward.

The [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] could not bring herself to laugh any longer.

"The third deputy spokesperson is indeed powerful. Please let me experience it for myself, too." She gave him a small curtsey and moved to attack. The next instant, she managed to break past his protective [Great Light Divine Emperor] sword will and her slender palms smacked out like a thousand-armed Goddess of Mercy to send endless palm power shooting downward at him powerfully like the milky way.

"Hmm? Interesting."

Ye Qingyu discovered to his surprise that although the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] was a woman, her attacks were bold and powerful. Each attack she made was extremely powerful and they rained down like falling comets that managed to faintly subdue the momentum of his ice sword qi.

This woman was many times more powerful than the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit.

Ye Qingyu deduced immediately.

The moment they exchanged blows at close range, he was absolutely certain of the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy's] identity.

He knew this woman.

She was an old friend who he knew very well.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1003:


Chapter 1018 – An Unexpected Change


The [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] was Jiang Xiaohan.

She had also been very charming in the past but compared to her charm now, there was still a significant difference. Jiang Xiaohan was like the ugly duckling that had finally grown into a beautiful and elegant swan and she could now be truly described as an elegant and peerless beauty. Every single part of her body was completely perfect and even if she was a bottle of deadly poison, countless men out there would be more than willing to drink it.

Ye Qingyu had heard of the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] in the past and he had also suspected that she could be Jiang Xiaohan but he wasn't absolutely certain. He merely felt that her behavior was very similar to Jiang Xiaohan and he didn't recognize her even when they interacted from a near distance earlier. However, he was absolutely certain of her identity by this point in time.

She was definitely Jiang Xiaohan.

Her appearance hadn't changed that much but her aura had undergone a complete transformation.

After the battle at Black Demon Abyss, Jiang Xiaohan hadn't appeared in front of him again. When they met again, she was completely transformed and was now a well-known figure throughout the Vast Thousand Domains and her fame was almost equal to Ye Qingyu's.

Unfortunately, she was still part of the [Camp].

You are already so beautiful, so why did you have to sink so low?

Ye Qingyu didn't say anything else.

Howling thunder radiated from his palm as he operated the [Heavenly Blind Way] technique and raised his palm to counter her attacks.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

In an instant, they exchanged countless blows.

Ear-splitting booms rang out incessantly in the Void like a large series of thunderclaps. These explosive soundwaves were so powerful that the remaining dark Great Saints had to use their yuan qi to defend against it and were unable to join the battling fray.

"He he, the third deputy spokesperson has such powerful palm strength."

The [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] smiled prettily like a flower.

It was hard to believe that such a powerful force could emerge from her slender body. Her fair and slender fingers that were like freshly peeled onions rapidly grew larger and her palm clenched into a fist. Then, her fair arm punched out and her punches were like thunder and roared powerfully like the roars of dragon-elephants. Each punch contained the legendary force of wild ancient dragon-elephants.

"[Great Expansion Dragon-Elephant Imprint Technique]," she shouted.

Punch prints rained down like falling meteors.

During their previous battle at the Black Demon Abyss, Jiang Xiaohan's physical strength was completely unable to handle a single blow and she had only managed to hang on by relying on her combat technique and yuan qi, and even made use of the geographical advantage. This time, her strong physical strength had given her the upper hand even though she knew that this was his strongest aspect. She had even managed to unleash an unbelievably strong power. It was hard to imagine how she managed to cultivate such a strong physical body in such a short period of time.

"So you’re trying to defeat me in my strongest field?"

Ye Qingyu thought quickly and immediately understood her intentions.

"[Great Light Dragon Punch]!"

Ye Qingyu was extremely skilled in all sorts of techniques and his aura immediately changed as he executed the first fist technique from the [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

He would counter her punch with a punch of his own.

The fiendgod combat techniques recorded in the bronze book were marvelous and incredibly varied so naturally, close-range fist techniques could also be found within it. He had already unlocked all the combat techniques recorded within the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] and studied them all. Although he didn't practice every single one of those techniques, he had committed them all to memory. Ye Qingyu's yuan qi and mental cultivation had already reached the highest point below Quasi-emperor realm. With the exception of the Dao techniques of Quasi-emperors, he would only need to take one glance at any other martial arts technique to be so familiar with it that it was like he had been immersed in that technique for hundreds of years.

Boom! Boom Boom!

Fist prints shot all over the Void.

Large swathes of the barrier walls of the Void shattered like glass.

An expression of surprise appeared on Ye Qingyu’s face.

He was greatly astonished by her surge in physical strength. As though it was made of Immortal gold and divine metal, her body managed to maintain the same fist force as he did. Any other peak Great Saint would have his body smashed into pieces a dozen times over and turned into a mangled mess of flesh but to his surprise, he was unable to gain the upper hand with his current body refinement when he exchanged blows with Jiang Xiaohan.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit turned into a black flowing light and vanished. He wandered around and his [Black Lotus Demon Sword] was like an assassin god that tried to determine a flaw from which he could attack Ye Qingyu. The proud current successor of the Sinful Pit had completely gone over to the dark side. He had crushed his prideful spirit and turned from a recklessly brash Heaven's prideling to become an evil demon who would resort to unscrupulous means to achieve his ends.

However, he was much weaker as compared to the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] Jiang Xiaohan.

Ye Qingyu struck out with his [Great Light Dragon Punch] and the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit was forced to retreat since he didn’t dare to face the punch head-on.

"He he, the third deputy spokesperson has such forceful punches that I find it a little hard to keep up myself," the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] stuck out her tongue like an innocent girl and said as though she was feeling aggrieved, "Why can't you give me a chance since I'm just a girl? What could possibly happen to you even if I land a punch or two?"

As her laugh tinkled like silver bells, layers of strange rhythms echoed outward.

Ye Qingyu was slightly stunned.

This clear and sweet laughter was like the whispers of a girl he had a crush on in his youth. It had a magical pull that caused one to lose his will to battle and subconsciously fall for her matchless elegance and beauty. Then, one would find it hard to summon up any thoughts of battling her, as though an attack on her would be a crime.

Ye Qingyu had been careless and his thoughts paused for a moment as he was pulled in by the mysterious attraction of her voice.

A flaw appeared in his [Great Light Dragon Punch].

Boom!

Jiang Xiaohan was extremely powerful and immediately caught the flaw. She broke past his protective defenses like a ghost and punched out ruthlessly as she hit Ye Qingyu's shoulder. The terrifying ancient dragon-elephant force burst forth and immediately shattered half of his body.

"Kill!"

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit moved like a poisonous viper that finally saw an opportunity to attack and stabbed out viciously and swiftly with his sword.

Blood spurted from Ye Qingyu's hip.

His body was hacked into two by the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit.

The situation had taken a swift turn for the worse.

Ye Qingyu hastily retreated and in a flash, he was one thousand meters away.

A bewitchment charm on the spirit?

Her charm had actually worked on him, so could this be a Quasi-emperor level technique?

Ye Qingyu was shocked and immediately exerted his nameless breathing technique to break the strange spell. At the same time, his blood qi that was as abundant as the ocean surged, then his shattered body immediately repaired itself and he looked as good as new. His powerful consciousness power and yuan qi circulated along his meridians and immediately destroyed the unwanted forces from the [Great Expansion Dragon-Elephant Fist] and the [Black Lotus Demon Sword].

An injury of this scale was completely negligible to someone of his cultivation.

"He he, did I hurt you? I'm really sorry about that," the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] said with a soft laugh. Her bewitching demon charm intensified and relentlessly followed him everywhere he went without giving him any chance to catch his breath. She constantly attacked with her fists and her dragon-elephant fist imprints swept toward him like a stormy tempest. Every fist imprint contained the force of ten dragons and ten elephants from the ancient era, enough to destroy the heavens and earth.

According to legends, during the Ancient Age that was before the Fiendgod Age, the ancient dragon-elephants possessed terrifying power and they were so powerful that even the early Fiendgods didn't dare to easily provoke them. They were the dominant power of the Ancient Age and this [Great Expansion Dragon-Elephant Fist Print] must've been created by drawing inspiration from the ancient dragon-elephants. It was known to be the oppressor of all fist techniques and it was indeed extremely bold and dominating.

It was hard to believe that Jiang Xiaohan could display the strength of this technique so powerfully with her feminine body.

Her palm strength and her display of the [Great Expansion Dragon-Elephant Fist Print] was enough to show that the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] truly lived up to her name. No wonder she was such a famous character throughout the Vast Thousand Domains, able to stand on her own, even when compared to the Four Stars holy girl.

However...

"It's time to end this," Ye Qingyu said as icy light swirled in his eyes.

An extremely mighty aura suddenly surged from his body.

"[Great Light Dragon Punch]!"

It was the same fist technique.

It was the same move.

However, this time, it was many times more powerful than the last. After he sent out his punch, heaven and earth collapsed while the Void shattered. The broken shards from the barrier of the Void were swept up in the fist force like it was a savage long dragon. As the frightening fist force pervaded the entire area, it transformed into waves of Void storms that swept across the area.

"This...Puff!"

The [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] Jiang Xiaohan was extremely astonished and her first thought was to dodge. However, when she thought of how she wanted to fight for supremacy with Ye Qingyu in his strongest aspect, she decided that she'd be admitting defeat if she retreated which meant that flaws and cracks would definitely appear in her Dao heart in the future. Therefore, she steeled herself to face this punch head-on and exerted the [Great Expansion Dragon-Elephant Fist Print] to its maximum level. The dragon-elephant force howled wildly from her beautiful body and it was like the waters of the Heavenly River were bubbling. Then, she sent her punch out to meet Ye Qingyu's punch head-on.

The moment she sent out that punch, her confidence soared.

This was her most powerful punch.

This punch was also sent when she was in her peak condition.

This was the best punch she could muster with her current cultivation and burning combat will.

A thought even crossed her mind at that moment in time - that she would never be able to display such a perfect peak ancient dragon-elephant fist print for the rest of her life.

However——

As their punches collided, the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] Jiang Xiaohan's expression changed rapidly. Then, she was sent flying while blood spurted wildly. A series of cracks could be heard as her bones shattered. There was probably not a single bone in her body that was left intact. She had immediately been sent flying by Ye Qingyu's punch.

How was that possible?

Jiang Xiaohan's face turned ashen as she sailed through the skies.

At the same time, the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit soundlessly made his move.

This sword from him was many times more frightening and vicious than the sword he had sent at Ye Qingyu's hip earlier.

This was his most powerful move and one that he had been conserving energy for the entire time.

"I've been waiting for you."

Ye Qingyu had already been expecting this attack and detected it the moment the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit’s sword move began. He sent out another [Great Light Dragon Punch] with his backhand.

Boom!

The bright glow from his fist prints exploded.

The sword radiance shattered and the demon sword broke.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit was thrown backward spewing blood. He immediately sustained serious injuries.

However, the physical injuries he sustained were nothing compared to the despair he felt mentally.

He had been plotting this for a while and had the protection of the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy]. More importantly, he had given up the dignity of a Heaven's prideling warrior to launch a series of sneak attacks but he still failed so badly and ended up like a block of rotten wood, unable to handle a single blow. He used his most powerful technique to carry out his sneak attack but it was still nothing compared to a casual blow from his opponent.

He felt utterly despondent.

This was how the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit felt at that moment.

Nonetheless, his mental state didn't persist for very long.

This was because he suddenly disappeared from the world.

He completely vanished without a trace.

At that moment, something suddenly happened, something that even Ye Qingyu himself wasn't expecting either.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1004:


Chapter 1019 Age of Imperial Warfare



The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit had been surprise attacked.

And by none other the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy], Jiang Xiaohan.

In the same fashion as the Greater One Spiritual Master’s method of devouring the essence, blood, and yuan qi of others, Jiang Xiaohan waved her hands, causing a crevice to form on each of her fine, soft palms before two giant creatures which resembled silver pythons burst out of them and bit the heavily-wounded Young Lord all over without giving him any room to struggle. Exerting great strength, they tore him into two pieces which they each swallowed one of.

The whole process was very much the picture of two pythons having a meal.

The difference from the Greater One Spiritual Master’s devouring ability was that Jiang Xiaohan could devour living beings and not just dead beings.

Moreover, she was devouring an expert of the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit’s ilk.

Although the Young Lord had been heavily wounded by Ye Qingyu’s [Great Light Dragon Punch], he remained capable of insta-killing a Great Saint. Under Jiang Xiaohan’s magical devouring power, however, he was like a prey being taken by a predator and could put up absolutely no resistance before completely vanishing from the face of this world.

It was at this moment that Ye Qingyu suddenly had an idea of where Jiang Xiaohan's peerless cultivation originated from.

“Hehe, today’s gains ain’t too bad. Thank you for assisting me, Third Deputy.”

A smile appeared on Jiang Xiaohan's delicate and beautiful face as she licked the corners of her mouth with her tongue just like a teenage girl would do after eating. Every one of her actions and expressions looked utmost enchanting and harmless, and even a tad regretful. Like a fading canvas, she gradually disappeared among the Void.

“Let’s battle again the next time we meet.”

Her voice reverberated among the Void.

Her vanishing technique was ingenious like no other.

Although Ye Qingyu wanted to stop her, he was unable to keep track of her movement and hold her back.

She thus vanished among the universe.

“This woman is frightening!”

“No matter how hard or crazy she’d worked, there’s no way she could’ve made such terrifying improvements in such a short time. While my own good fortune is already considered rare throughout all time, her increase in strength is something else. Perhaps it’s not just about the magical devouring technique. After all, the Greater One Spiritual Master’s foundation and martial accumulations were much deeper and older than hers, but his cultivation and battle strength are not up to hers… There must be bigger secrets about her.”

While thinking to himself, he issued a backpunch without turning his head.

In the distance, several surviving Dark Great Saints who had realized that the situation was becoming unfavorable and were thus fleeing frantically were instantly turned into muck by the [Great Light Dragon Punch].

The battle came to a complete end.

“It’s a pity that the Four Stars holy girl didn’t come. This woman of terrifying schemes would never appear in front of me without having absolute assurance. If she found out about my true cultivation through this battle, she’d definitely avoid me henceforth.”

Ye Qingyu was still thinking about the Four Stars holy girl.

He had long felt that this woman was a scourge whom he should have eliminated way back.

As he contemplated, his bodily yuan qi gradually regained calmness.

He withdrew from the five-inhibition state of the [Limitless Divine Way].

His spike in strength which enabled him to instantly suppress Jiang Xiaohan was naturally because he had worked up the [Limitless Divine Way].

Turning his body, he walked toward the fat man.

On the other side, Yang Wanqu was being so badly tortured by Li Shengyan that he was spitting bile.

As a result of some method being used by the plump elder, Yang Wanqu was wailing without end and completely resistanceless despite showing no apparent scars. At the same time, he disclosed everything he knew without concealing anything.

“To think this little fellow is a special envoy who used to command the Greater One army in the Clear River Domain.” Li Shengyan concluded his extortion and stood up. “Unfortunately, there’s still too little known… This fellow is useless now and may as well be killed. We still have other things we need to complete urgently.”

Hearing this, Yang Wanqu panickedly struggled and implored, “No, I beg you… I’ll do anything you say as long as you don’t kill me, I… I don’t want to die just yet.”

The plump fatty guffawed. “Rascal, weren’t you unafraid of death? Didn’t you hoot about going down with us? Why are you now as scared as a little kid, huh? Hahaha!” He recalled that while he was being tortured by Yang Wanqu, the latter had acted unafraid of death, yet was wailing like a dog now that the situation had reversed. By comparing the two scenes, he thus felt a great sense of achievement and delight.

The latter lowered his head and pleaded non-stop.

Ye Qingyu asked, “Since you’re a special envoy who once commanded the Greater One army, why don’t you tell us how you all breached the mountain gate of the Immortal God Emperor Sect during the battle that day?”

Hearing this question, Yang Wanqu immediately knew that he still had a little value and thus hurriedly replied without bargaining, “Alright, I’ll tell you everything… The Immortal God Emperor Sect indeed possesses a lot of intriguing and frightening tricks, and is protected by three pinnacle Great Saint old monsters who are said to be four thousand years old and nearing the end of their lifespans. These monsters have sealed themselves in divine-level origin crystals for a long time and only emerged during the battle that day. This kind of battle strength nearly destroyed our set-up, but unfortunately for them, it wasn’t enough...”

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu sighed inwardly.

He finally knew why Nan Tieyi and the Immortal God Emperor Sect were so confident about withstanding the Greater One army.

It turned out that this was because of three pinnacle Great Saint ancestors.

Under the conditions at that time, this kind of battle strength could indeed be considered unparalleled.

After all, for countless years, a Saint would already be considered a top-level being in the Clear River Domain, let alone a pinnacle Great Saint.

However, the Immortal God Emperor Sect was destined to be destroyed.

This was because they did not anticipate the descent of the Chaos Demon Emperor’s Reincarnation Hall on Divine Emperor Peak.

They more so did not predict that a Quasi-emperor would appear in the Wei River Mountain Range.

Against a Quasi-emperor, a pinnacle Great Saint would collapse at the first blow regardless of strength.

“Which Quasi-emperor was it that attacked that day?” Ye Qingyu asked.

After a brief hesitation, Yang Wanqu replied, “I’d heard that it was a newly-emerging Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect.”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

This answer was what he expected.

The Four Star Sect’s wild ambitions could be seen from the holy girl’s way of doing things.

It must be known that the Four Stars holy girl had nearly wiped out all of the Heaven’s pridelings who had entered the Door of Darkness in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, including the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden. Without her protection, which he obtained by becoming her lackey while in the 18th district, Yang Wanqu would probably have become a pile of bones lying in the 18th district by now. His becoming of a special envoy who commanded the Greater One army was definitely aided by the holy girl’s influence. It was thereby possible to deduce that the Quasi-emperor involved was most likely to be an emerging Quasi-emperor from the Four Stars Sect.

The Four Stars Sect!

Ye Qingyu committed this name to his memory.

To think that this force, once a mainstay of the Human Race, has degenerated so badly.

This is so heart-wrenching.

By summing up news from various sources, it could be seen that this Human Race sect was already in cahoots with that [Camp] which was hiding in the dark.

“Hold it, elder bro. We don’t have the time to ask about these things. The situation is critical.” Seeing that Ye Qingyu appeared interested in getting to the bottom of the matter, Li Shengyan hurriedly stopped him. “Why don’t we set out first and ask along the way? I’d already asked enough earlier. We have to go help Ancestor, who may be in danger.”

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] is in danger?

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

What exactly happened while I was self-isolating during this period of time?

The million-year-old soul told me to prepare to stage a rescue operation, could I already have missed out?

That would be problematic.

At that time, all he wanted to do was to break the seal of the pill furnace and obtain the precious treasure within so that he could put up some resistance when facing a Quasi-emperor. He did not expect that, within the sealed space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], what he felt to be one or two days of time was actually several dozen days in the outer world. When he reemerged from within, he ran into the hunted plump fatty even before he had understood the situation.

“What exactly is going on?” he asked.

Looking worried, the fatty replied, “Something happened during this time. We’d better rush to Capital Sky Peak, where Ancestor and the Quasi-emperors of many races are gathered. An imperial battle has started. It will decide the fate of every race… Hurry, let’s get on the road and I’ll slowly explain things along the way.” Although he was usually merry and not too trustworthy, he was extremely attentive to anything related to Ancestor Xiaofei. Such devotion was indeed hard to find.

“But, even if we rush there, what difference can we make?” Ye Qingyu, who was still preoccupied with another matter, paused to form a plan before casually yet deliberately provoking the fatty by saying, “A battle among Quasi-emperors will destroy the world and perhaps even the entire domain. Both of us are but insignificant insects in front of Quasi-emperors, so what can we do by rushing there? We probably can’t change the situation.”

The fatty went into a momentary daze.

Straightening his neck, he then said, “This… No matter what, it would be fine by me to die fighting alongside a Human Race Quasi-emperor.”

After speaking, he thought for a while longer.

His expression suddenly became grave and serious like never before.

“No, wrong, I’m wrong… What you said makes a lot of sense… Yes, I understand now, you’re right that we’ll just be courting death by going. Why don’t I go alone while you stay behind… Indeed, you mustn’t go there in any case. Your talents are unparalleled and require nothing but time. If the Human Race was to be weakened as a result of today’s imperial battle, any chance of a future resurgence will rest on you… Dammit, I nearly made a huge mistake by asking you to follow me there.”

At this point, the fatty was visibly shaken while his complexion had become pale-white.

He apparently believed his idea to be very right, and was feeling near-uncontrollable bouts of fear having almost accidentally caused the death of the person who would lead the Human Race’s resurgence.

“Hahahaha...” Ye Qingyu guffawed.

He raised a hand and completely sealed Yang Wanqu within the [Cloud Top Cauldron], knowing that keeping the latter alive would be valuable if he was to deal with the Black Moon Immortal Palace and remove this cancerous force from the face of this world.

“Don’t talk nonsense, we shall go together.” He lifted the ffatty and soared into the air.

“But...” The latter still wanted to try convincing him.

He shook his head, saying, “You’re wrong. If the imperial battle this time will truly decide the fate of the Human Race, then we should fight alongside His Highness [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and live or die together with him. If we don’t win, darkness will shroud this world and the Vast Thousand Domains will degenerate into a playground for evil spirits. What chance of resurgence will there then be? Blood and fire have already befallen, and only the brave will prevail in this unavoidable confrontation. Even an inch of cowering will result in everlasting disastrous consequences. Let’s talk no more and prepare to battle.”

Ye Qingyu spoke these words with resolve and decisiveness, bringing to mind a divine sword unsheathing with a clanging noise and a long sword qi cry.

Although the fatty still wanted to say something, he was no longer able to disagree with Ye Qingyu.

“Alright, war or bust. We brothers shall go together!” Feeling that the blood all over his body was burning, he shouted, “Capital Sky Peak is in the Wei River Mountain Range to the southwest… Hahaha, who would’ve thought that I will actually be able to fight alongside Ancestor during this lifetime, and more so will be fighting alongside you, Elder Brother Ye Qingyu. Haha, I’m so fortunate!”

The duo turned into flowing light and traveled toward Capital Sky Peak at the fastest speed possible.

An age of imperial warfare had arrived, beginning with a magnificent prelude.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

