Chapter 261:


261,262 - Is she beautiful?

During this period of time, there were many merchant groups that arrived at Youyan pass.

Even when Qingluo company was at its peak, they may not have received a chance to enter into the Proud sky centre. But now they had completely deteriorated, the chances were even slimmer. Those important characters they once had some relations with, did not wish to have anything more to do with the Qingluo marchant company. Song Qingluo's father had already been here fox six days, and ran all around searching for people or connections but it was utterly ineffective.

Song Qingluo's father could be counted as a handsome man in Deer city, mild like jade. He was known as the elegant merchant, but after suffering such an impact, he was utterly dispirited. These days, he was in a sorry state, without any shred of his previous glamour, like a depressed old man.

Song Qingluo could clearly sense, that her father who was normally like a pillar in the family, her father who would not lose his composure no matter what he encounter, was currently aging at a shocking speed, weakening rapidly.

It was so serious that Song Qingluo had even begun to suspect, even if they entered into Proud sky centre and saw the legendary important characters it would not be of any use.

Because the Song family today, could no longer bring anything to the table that would attract the attention of these important characters.

But her father seemed to be filled with confidence.

Perhaps it was his last shreds of confidence.

Song Qingluo sighed in her heart.

"When Master Song comes in a bit, Song Qingluo you must be courteous towards him. Don't be impulsive, even if you are a little wronged, as long as he can truly help us enter into the Proud sky centre......" Song Qingluo's father let out a sigh: "I, Song Jiannan have been eager to excel all my life......Sigh, Qingluo you must know, if it was just for me, I wouldn't make you pay such a price. But your mother, you......"

Hearing her father mention her mother, in Song Qingluo's beautiful eyes, there was an unsuppressable sorrow that flashed by.

Four months ago, when the Song family and the Qingluo merchant company was nearly in total ruins, Song Qingluo's mothers as once the number one beauty of Deer city, went to personally ask for a aid from an old acquaintance. Who could have guessed that person would have ulterior motives, wanting to possess the body of Song Qingluo's mother's body. Song Qingluo's mother did her utmost to resist, and in the end, managed to stop this from happening. But after this, she was shocked and angry, embarrassed and furious, and she was also injured from this, directly falling ill.......

The pressure of the entire family, fell on the young shoulders of Song Qingluo.

"Rest assured father, I know. As long as I can make the family continue on, I am willing to pay any price." She smiled tragically, and began cleaning her face and putting on makeup in front of the mirror. Facing the pale yellow mirror, she applied on red lipstick and power, doing her best to exhibit her most beautiful side.

There was a hint of tears that flashed in the eyes of Song Jiannan.

He lowered his head, pretending he had witnessed nothing.

In this world where the strongest preyed on the weak, the rule of the survival of the fittest ruled everywhere. Only true power, was the foundation for an everlasting strong position. A power of a merchant company, although it normally looked glorious and splendid, it was not like this at all in reality. In truth, such companies could collapse at any moment. Gold and status in front of true power was nothing, it could not even withstand a single strike.

At the beginning, they had already noticed such a fact. That's why they paid such a huge sacrifice to allow Song Xiaojun and Song Qingluo to enter into the White Deer academy, wanting to change the face of the entire family. But they did not have such an opportunity, everything seemed to have come a little too late. Every martial family, were the results of generations of hard work, even tens of generations.

After 15 minutes.

There was the sound of knocking.

Song Jiannan rubbed his own face, trying to force his frozen muscles into a shred of a smile. He went to open the door.

A young man with a powdered face entered.

"Uncle Song, why are you living in such a shabby place? It's completely like the place where the poor live....." The young man seemed like to be around twenty, wearing a luxurious golden jade outfit. There was a faint hint of perfume around this body.  He had a pointed chin, with a mole at the corner of his lips along with two or three strands of hair. He looked as vulgar as he could be.

"We came here in a rush, and did not manage to book a decent inn. Please don't mind." Song Jiannan laughed along with him.

"Haha, uncle Song, you couldn't be so poor that you are only able to afford such places could you?" The young man with a pointed chin said with mockery, mercilessly exposing the  poverty of the father and daughter pair.

Song Jiannan's face did not have the slightest trace of anger. With a smile, "How can that be, the Qingluo merchant company still have a little bit of wealth left."

"But I've heard your company, is about to fall." The fan in the young man's hand moved, his gaze falling onto the Song Qingluo who was prettying herself up in the mirror. There was a bright glimmer that sparked in his eyes. Swallowing his saliva, with a laugh, "Sister Qingluo, you are becoming more and more beautiful."

There was a darkness that flitted by in Song Jiannan's eyes, that was quickly hidden deep underneath.

"Previously you said, that you can think of some way for us to enter into the Proud sky centre. How goes it....."

He had experienced countless treacherous experiences within the merchant world and seen all sorts of different characters. How could he know tell, just what kinds of schemes this person called Song Zhi was planning. Song Jiannan previously would not even pay attention to such a character in the past, but if a tiger entered into a city, even a dog would bully it. Since he was the one asking for a favour, he could not help but try to appease him.

Song Jiannan had seen Song Zhi only once one year ago.

At that commercial meeting, Song Zhi was part of the retinue of the number one wealthiest family, Dugu in the Phoenix province. However, during that meeting, Song Zhi's position was not high, his words and actions not drawing much favour. therefore,  Song Jiannan did not place too much attention to this young man who had the same family name as him. However, right now the situation was completely different.

This time, the Dugu financial organisation had also sent someone to Youyan pass, and Song Zhi was one of their followers.

With the power of the Dugu financial organisation, they could easily obtain the right to enter into the Proud sky centre. Song Jiannan had his back pressed against  the fall, and decided to gamble, betting on the fact that Song Zhi had some saying power within the Dugu financial organisation. On the day of the martial meeting, he would  be able to bring them into the Proud sky centre.

As long as they entered into the Proud sky centre, with the items he held in his hand and with his skills in observation, he could definitely attract the attention of some important people.

At that time, the Song family could be saved.

"Qingluo pays her respect to uncle Song." Song Qingluo stood up, giving an elegant little curtsy.

The Song Qingluo who was wearing a pale green tight fitting long dress, was like a budding little white flower. There was a powerful charm hidden within her purenes. Many years of living the life of a novility had caused her skin to be as smooth and as perfect as jade,  and the curves of her slender waist and long legs was enogh to make someone dizzy. Her full and perfectly proportioned chest, as well as her white jade like collarbone, as well as her small face that was like a spirit.....

Song Zhi swallowed his saliva, nearly dripping it on the floor.

With his two eyes emitting light: "Ah....you can call me brother Song, I'm not that old."

As he said this, he turned around and said to Song Jiannan: "That's right, uncle Song. Today the Proud sky centre is namely allocating the locations of the different merchant companies. Why don't I bring sister Qingluo to have a look, my young master will also go. This is namely a great opportunity. I will ask my young master, perhaps he will be able to help you obtain a chance to enter into the Proud sky centre."

There was a shred of delight on Song Jiannan's face. "Then let's go together......"

"Haha, uncle Song, there's no need for you to go, I'll just bring sister Qingluo with me. Us young people will be more relaxed and free on our own." Song Zhi's eyes moved about deviously, not tolerating this at all and rejecting Song Jiannan suggestion. Then he extended his arm to Song Qingluo's hands.

Song Qingluo subconsciously avoided him.

Song Zhi grabbed at her sleeve, then headed outsides.

Song Qingluo grinded her teeth, not saying a single word. Like a puppet, she followed him out.

……

……

"Have you recorded it all down?"

Wen Wan finished his last bowl of lamb meat noodle. He slapped his stomach as he enquired in a completely leisurely tone.

The Bai Yuanxing next to him nodded.

In these days, he had been dragged by Wen Wan, to observe the situation at this small noodle stand. Bai Yuanxing did not train or cultivate at all in these days, and just listened and recorded whatever Wen Wan said. Everything was jsut written down, no matter how senseless or nonsensical. There were at least three or four books worth of information.

But from Bai Yuanxing's perspective, the large majority of these information was useless information. Furthermore, a  great proportion of it was just constant repetition of the same material.

Right now, he began to believe, that Wen Wan was just looking for an excuse to sunbathe here, and was not planning on anything major.

"Should I continue messing about here with Officer Wen Wan?”

"If Marquis knew, and decided to punish me, what should I do?"

Bai Yuanxing began to want to depart.

He hesitated a few times, then finally mustered up his courage, and wanted to persuade Wen Wan to let him go.

At this time,

"En?" wen Wan suddenly let out a shocked gasp. His lazy glance focused towards the entrance of the Proud sky centre.

Bai Yuanxing's gaze followed Wen Wan's.

It was unknown when, there were several well dressed young people that arrived at the entrance of the Proud sky centre. The leading person was a person with a sharp chin and a mole at his lips, looking as despicable as possible. Next to him were several disciples of the Crepe Myrtle that was guarding at the door, laughing along with him. They seemed to be discussing something.

"It's people of the Dugu financial company."

Bai Yuanxing was able to guess at their origin with one glance.

In these days, he had already memorised the majority of the groups that entered Proud sky centre thanks to Wen Wan's unending and tireless voice.

"But that girl....."

Bai Yuanxing's gaze focused, he had never seen that girl before. She looked to be around fourteen or fifteen, but was extremely beautiful, like a fairy from legends. Under the tight fitting form of her pale green dress, there was a shocking beauty that made it seem like her entire body was glowing.

Bai Yuanxing had never seen such a beautiful girl since living so long in Youyan Pass.

After a few more looks, Bai Yuanxing's face reddened, looking away.

"It should be a girl from outsie the Pass. Youyan Pass is a hard place, such a beautiful girl won’t have originated from here……” Bai Yuanxing thought in his heart.

Wen Wan patted Bai Yuanxing on the shoulder.

“Do you see the girl wearing the pale green dress?” Wen Wan asked him with a smile.

Bai Yuanxing nodded his head in confusion.

“Is she beautiful?”

Bai Yuanxing’s face reddened.

“Haha, your face is all red…...wahahahaha, this is too damn hilarious.” Wen Wan held his stomach as he guffawed, then say meaningfully: “Bai Yuanxing, I’ll give you a chance to approach a beautiful girl. Call that girl over.”

“What?” Bai Yuanxing opened his mouth in shock.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 262:


“What, you don't dare to go?" Wen Wan had a face of disdain. "Your guts are so little, how can you do important matters with Marquis Ye?

"But.....I ....." Bai Yuanxing stuttered.“

This completely was not a matter of whether he was brave enough to do it or not. If he was made to hold a sword and fight to the death with the demon race, he would absolutely not say a word of protest. But to go and flirt with a girl......this, this was too sudden and embarrassing.

"Hehe, you think I didn't see you just now. You were sneaking a glance at that girl, and your face even went all red." Wen Wan winked at him teasingly.

Boom.

Bai Yuanxing's face went utterly red like the bum of a monkey.

"Go quickly, look, that girl is being harassed." Wen Wan pointed to the entrance of the Proud sky centre, pretending to be serious.

Bai Yuanxing turned to look.

As Wen Wan described, the little fairy in the pale green dress was in an extremely difficult situation. Timid and helpless, she was slowly retreating. Currently the man with the pointed chin was currently pulling the girls sleeve, angrily berating at her for something. The Crepe Myrtle sect disciples Zhong Daijun and the others, were sneering as the spectated with crossed arms…..

He was forcing her to do something she did not wish to do?

Bai Yuanxing heart jumped.

He could see the young man grabbing the girl's arm, threatening her loudly with something. The girl's face was filled with embarrassment and anger, but she ultimately lowered her head, becoming silent and compliant.

"Hmph, are you going to go or not. If you don't go, this little girl will definitely be harassed." Wen Wan said with his face down eating noodle. In a tone that seemed as if he was talking to himself: "Don't blame me for telling me, this girl is your Marquis Ye's lover."

What?

Bai Yuanxing suddenly turned around to stare at Wen Wan.

Wen Wan spread his hand out: "I'm not fooling you. When Ye Qingyu was at White Deer academny, this girl was one of his closest classmates. The relationship between them is not simple, there were hints of romance. But I did not imagine she would suddenly come to Youyan pass, and would be together with that group of ruffians...."

Before these words were finished, Bai Yuanxing instantly leapt up.

At this time, the White Horse sword slave that had the lowest strength in White Horse tower charged over using the quickest speed, like an arrow from a bow without uttering a single word

……

There were tears dripping down the corner of Song Qingluo's eye. Even though she was unwilling, she ultimately lowered her head, her long hair covering her face like a waterfall.

Song Zhi smiled in success.

He knew, that this proud girl, had already made her resolve to abandon her dignity at this moment. He could do as he please to her.

As he thought of this, he felt a sudden burst of desire.

As to whether he coudl really help Song Jiannan obtain the right to enter the Proud sky centre, this did not matter. He could not guarantee such a thing. Song Zhi never truly had the intention of helping them from the very beginning. The reason he had spent such effort to do so many things, was to obtain the little flower in front of him and as do as he pleased to her.

After all, the Song family and the Qingluo merchant company had already fallen. Song Jiannan could not even afford a better inn, and was utterly dispirited. Song Zhi was not afraid of a dispirited merchant coming to him for revenge.

In truth, one year ago when Song Zhi saw Song Qingluo for the first time, Song Zhi was utterly dumbstruck by her looks.

He dreamed to completely strip this noble and precious young lady naked and do whatever he desired to her.

But at that time, the difference between the two was massive.

Such a thought was born at this moment, but he could not exhibit it at all during that time.

He did not imagine, the heavens would really give him such an opportunity.

He had heard of what had befallen the Song family.

The instant Song Jiannan opened his mouth to ask for a favour from him, Song Zhi realised that his opportunity had come.

He pretended he had a method to allow them to enter into the Proud sky centre, and forced Song Jiannan to accept his request one after another. Finally, he managed to make him present to him his own daughter. This type of feeling of controlling someone else's fate in his own hands, to step on someone who was once higher than him, was so good that he found it difficult to describe using words.

But in reality?

Song Zhi knew he was just a fox assuming the might of a tiger.

He was only a minor character of the Dugu financial corporation. In front of Master Dugu, there was not even a place for him to speak.

Once Song Jiannan and his daughter knew about everything, everything would already be too late. Song Qingluo's virginity would already have become his trophy of triumph.....

Haha. Just by imagining that noble young girl that once studied in one of the top ten academies of the Empire beneath him, Song Zhi was already utterly impatient.

"This is the Senior brother Zhong from the Crepe Myrtle sect ,this is...."

Song Zhi forcefully grabbed Song Qingluo's hands, and proudly introduced her to the others, showing off his connections.宋

Song Qingluo was like a zombie, lowering her head, completely dispirited. She had given up on resisting altogether.

Everywhere around them laughed.

Especially Song Zhi's close friends. On their expression was a smile filled with tacit understanding. Song Zhi would have the meat, while everyone else would have the soup. They could play whatever games they wanted. After all, this little beauty was already a pet in their cage, she couldn't escape anymore.

And at this time---

"Release that girl."

An extremely angry voice sounded out.

Everyone's gaze swivelled towards the direction of the voice.

Bai Yuanxing's face was filled with rage, his gaze like spitting fire as he glared at these people.

Song Zhi's face had contempt written all over it.

He gave a glance to his friends.

He dicovered that everyone was somewhat nonplussed at this white clothed youth who suddenly jumped out. Evidently they did not recognise him.

Even Zhong Daijun from the Crepe Myrtle did not say anything, his face expressionless.

It seemed this fellow, was no one important.

Furthermore, what was important, was that Song Zhi could not even sense the slightest of yuan qi fluctuation from the body of Song Zhi. Evidently he was just a youth who jumped out to die, and he was only a little worm at the ordinary martial level.

From one glance, he could determine it was a retard who wanted to be the hero who saved the beauty.

He had seen many such retards.

Song Zhi laughed grimly, sneering: "Just who do you think you are, do you think you have a right to speak? If you don't want to die, then scram....."

"Release the girl’s hands."

Bai Yuanxing said word by word.

If this green dressed little fairy was really Marquis Ye's lover, then this bunch of people deserved to die ten thousand times over.

"Aiya, there really is a trash that doesn't fear death." There was an impatient and sinister grimace appearing on Song Zhi's face. “I'll count to three, scram...."

Bai Yuanxing did not waste anymore of his words with Song Zhi.

He turned to look at the Crepe Myrtle sect disciples, his gaze like a sword. Staring at Zhong Daijun, he said slowly: "You should know who I am. I warn you, before my master arrive, you better release this girl. Otherwise, if you wait till matters worsen, him, and all of you, will die."

The Bai Yuanxing that was made completely red by Wen Wan's teasing, had a imposing aura that made one afraid to regard him from a close distance.

Zhong Daijun and the others expression were incomparably conflicted.

They naturally knew who Bai Yuanxing was.

Currently in Youyan Pass, White Horse tower could absolutely be regarded as forbidden area of the Jianhu. [The Leaf of Youyan], Ye Qingyu was orignally a forbidden creature like existence, there was no one in the Jianghu that did not know of his name. Apart from Ye Qingyu, they had already clearly investigated into the names of the other people under him.

Bai Yuanxing had been one of White Horse tower's people since the very first day, so of course Zhong Daijun recognised him.

But everyone knew that Bai Yuanxing's strength was pitifully know, so they were not that afraid of him.

But since Bai Yuanxing said such words with such seriousness, mentioning Ye Qingyu's name, it caused Zhong Daijun and the others realise that the matter was not as simple as they had initially imagined. None of the sects would dare to to take matters so lightly if it had anything to do with [The Leaf of Youyan].

"I'm not familiar with that person." Zhong Daijun shook his head, then turned to look towards Song Zhi. "He's officer Bai Yuanxing, one of the soldiers under the fourth class heroic Marquis Ye. You guys solve any conflict between yourself, Crepe Myrtle has nothing to do with this."

As he finished saying these words, he brought the Crepe Myrtle sect disciples together and left.

He looked like he did not dare interfere in this matter at all.

At this time, even if Song Zhi had a pig's brain, he could tell that something was not right.

The Dugu finanicial organisation had only entered into Youyan pass a couple of days. Therefore Song Zhi and the others had only faintly heard of the name of Ye Qingyu and was not yet truly aware of the awe and terror that Marquis Ye's name currently inspired in Youyan Pass. Seeing the actions of Zhong Daijun, they also wanted to give up, but ultimately they could not bear to let go of such a luscious little beauty like Song Qingluo…...

"You're still not letting go, do you want to die?"

Bai Yuanxing shouted in rage.

Song Zhi shivered, finally letting go.

At this time, Song Qingluo was staring dumbly at Bai Yuanxing, her eyes completely unfocused. Zhong Daijun's words were still resounding throughout her mind: "Fourth class heroic Marquis Ye Qingyu....Ye Qingyu....."

Could it be him!

That youth who let out a radiance so bright that it caused countless genius students of White Deer academy to seem normal?

According to the rumours, he had arrived at Youyan pass, but....

Song Qingluo's thoughts were completely messed up.

"Let's go."

Bai Yuanxing protected Song Qingluo, heading towards the noodle stand.

Song Qingluo subconsciously followed behind him.

Song Zhi and the others looked at each other, not knowing what to do.

"Brother Zhi, what should we do? Just let them go?"

"That's right, that girl is so high quality it would be too great a pity to just let her go."

These people were still somewhat unwilling.

Song Zhi grinded his teeth making up his resolve. In an uncertain tone, he said: "Let's follow and see. He's but a tiny little marquis, how important can he be. Most likely he’s someone who relied on his inheritance and the position of his parents, could it that the Dugu financial organisation cannot even win against a little Marquis of a tiny area?"

The people followed over.

Opposite.

Wen Wan had a cup of tea in his hands, watching the two come over in satisfaction. "Good job, you little brat, you've really managed to grab the girl over....." Then he turned to look at Song Qingluo. "Are you not cultivating in White Deer academy? Why have you come to Youyan pass at this time?"

Song Qingluo's beautiful eyes widened: “Teacher Wen?"

Wen Wan was once the teacher of White Deer academy, and had taught many students the body refining techniques. Song Qingluo had also trained beside Wen Wan before. She did not imagine, that she would see her teacher once again in such a situation in Youyan Pass.

"En, it seems like you still remember me." Wen Wan laughingly nodded his head. His gaze once again turned to the figures of Song Zhi and the others who had followed behind them. His mouth split in a wide grin: "Come, come, have a seat. Do you need to eat a bowl of noodles to calm your nerves? I'll help you beat away those wild dogs then we can speak some more."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 263:


Hearing Wen Wan words, Song Qingluo turned her head back to have a look. She saw that Song Zhi and the others was still following behind them, not willing to give a rest.

The heart of this young girl trembled. An image of her father's worried face floated in her mind. She instantly realised, that without Song Zhi's help they could not obtain the right to enter the Proud sky centre. This meant that the Song family was completely finished. Even if teacher Wen Wan was here, he could not help them obtain such a right, so they must not offend Song Zhi.....

Who would have guessed that Wen Wan had already acted. With a swipe of his hand, an invisible surge of energy, he took hold of Song Zhi and dragged him towards them.

"You..." Song Zhi was both shocked and enraged as he struggled.

"A little brat that doesn't have eyes. Using your position to oppress others, you deserve a beating." With several loud smacks, Wen Wan slapped him across the face.

Several teeth along with droplets of blood flew out from Song Zhi's mouth.

This man with a pointy chin and a mole, was completely beaten senseless.

His friends seeing such an unfavourable situation, also lost their composure. They turned around to run.

Wen Wan was hard pressed to find such entertainment, just how could he so easily let these fellows run away?

“Wahaha, stand there obediently."

Invisible yuan qi power fluctuated. The four young men with faces of shock was dragged towards him, like loaches being fished out of the water. Everyone struggled desperately, but this had no impact on the outcome.

"Come, let's play a little game to see who's teeth is the hardest."

Wen Wan was in a great mood, standing up to d oa little exercise. He said such words with a grin.

Pak. Pak. Pak.

As he finished, he gave everyone a slap.

In an instant, the right side of the faces of these disciples were like swollen peaches that were stepped on. It was red and swollen, with hint of blood through it. There were several people's’ teeth who could not even endure the first round of beating, all falling to the ground.

"Just look at you guys, why can't you play the game?" Wen Wan said with dissatisfaction. "This is the only first round of slaps, why has your teeth all fallen already? You're not cooperating at all, I'm too angry...."

"Ugh, wuh.....Wu....."

Song Zhi and the others were compeltely beaten senseless. Their mouths was hissing wind, it was unknown what they were saying.

They originally were just followers, so their strength was extremely weak. But they were adept at toadying for personal gain, and was skilled in their words. There were often need for such petty people when they were conducting business and encountered some difficult opponents. Therefore the young master of the Dugu financial organisation would bring such people when they travelled. However, they encountered mad man Wen. No matter what excuse they had or pretty words, it was all useless. He just slapped them all away, so hard that they couldn't even form words anymore.

"I'm not satisfied with your performance, therefore...." Wen Wen held his head in thought, then began laughing exaggeratingly :" How about this, we'll switch to a new game. We'll see who's the first person who can make all their teeth fall off."

Song Zhi and the others were dumbfounded by such words.

The slaps just now had caused their heads along with half their body to be completely numb. If this continued on, they really would be beaten to death.

Song Zhi was in a panic, rushing towards Song Qingluo in rage, shouting: "Slut, quickly say something. Do you not want the Song family to recover? Without me, Song Jiannan cannot enter the right to enter into the Proud sky centre...."

Song Qingluo's face quivered, fear appearing on her face.

Wen Wan began laughing uproariosly. "Scum that relies on others power. So you relied on this to threaten little Qingluo. Wahaha, you're really making me laugh too much. For a follower like you, just what kind of ability do you have to obtain the right to enter into the Proud sky centre, you're evidently lying to people."

Before he had even finished.

Pak. Pak. Pak. Pak.

Wen Wan once again lifted his palm to hand out his slaps.

The power of Mad Tiger wen was terrifying. Even steel skin would become misshapen after several slaps by him.

The faces of Song Zhi and the others completely transformed.

"You......dare......you.....ugh.....Dugu financial......ugh....." There was a poisonous sinister flickering in Song Zhi's eyes, opening his mouth to curse at something.

"Oh?" Wen Wan squinted his eyes as he grinned. "I guess you mnsut be saying, that you are someone belong to the Dugu financial organisation. For me to dare touch you, something disastrous is definitely going to befall me?"

"Teacher Wen, these people belong to the Dugu financial corporation. they have significant financial power......let them go, I've already dragged you into this." Song Qingluo tried to persuade Wen Wan.

In her heart she wanted to cut Song Zhi and others such despicable people into a thousand pieces. But they were the party asking for a favour, they could not help but lower their heads. For the Song family, she was willing to abandon her dignity and self respect. Furthermore, she did not want to drag teacher Wen and Ye Qingyu into her situation.

"Wahahaha, Dugu financial organisation. I'm so afraid." Wen Wan stretched his waist, letting out a strange laughter. Turning his glance, he threw a person away, landing on the ground far off.

"Hey, call your boss of the Dugu financial organisation over. I want to meet him." Wen Wan was liek a brute. "I'll give you fifteeen minutes. If you can't bring him over in fifteen minutes, then I'll hang these retards at the entrance of the Proud sky centre. let's see if the Dugu financial organisation can afford to lose a bunch of people like you."

That person fell on the ground, and became completely confused and disorientated. With a weird scream he scrambled up. Hating the fact that his parents only gave him two legs, he scrambled off like an out of control wild dog.

Wen Wan held his beard, laughing.

Then he turned around, looking at the Song Qingluo in the midst of despair. His expression compeltely changed and he began berating her: "You, you really are hopless. When you were in White Deer academy, you seemed somewhat clever, how could you believe in the words of such a person. You've really lost my face."

Song Qingluo lowered her head in complete silence.

That's right.

Back then, just how self confident was she, just how dazzling was she. She was one of the stars and moons of the academy, enjoying the countless admiration of people. She was like a princess standing from high above everyone else, but right now?

The trial of her family, seemed to have already erased all her dignity and self respect.

Song Qingluo felt she was like a doll that had sunken into the sewage. It didn’t matter how good the material the doll was crafted from, ultimately it would turn into an item that was as pungent and as stinky as the sewage water around.

"Ai, you are both my students. You should learn from that little bastard Ye Qingyu. He is doing so well in Youyan pass currently, he can do as he please in the Pass with no one daring to stop him. Even I, as his teacher, have to follow behind him for a meal. You, you...." Wen Wan had a face of disappointment in Song Qingluo's progress.

"Cough, cough!"

Bai Yuanxing heart was pounding as he heard such words. He quickly let out two dry coughs.

If it was other people who dared to use such a tone and such words to describe Marquis Ye, Bai Yuanxing would long have charged forward to fight with them.

"Why are you coughing?" Wen Wan glared at him.

Bai Yuanxing lowered his head, not saying anything.

"Owner, another two bowls of noodles." Wne Wan returned to where he was sitting, calling over the owner of the stand.

The owner delightedly began preparing noodles once again in an eager fashion.

"Come over and have a seat. Today your teacher will give you a lesson for free." Wen Wan beckoned Song Qingluo to come over and have a seat at the noodle stand. With a flick of his fingers, there was sound of something piercing through the air. Song Zhi and others all had one of their legs broken. Their cries were like pig squeal as they screamed, not able to run anywhere.

At this time, Song Qingluo no longer had a choice.

Seeing Wen Wan's fully confident expression, her heart also began to have some hope and expectation.

"First eat, when you're full then we'll speak." Wen Wan brought a hot and steaming bowl of lamb noodles in front of the beautiful girl.

Perhaps she really was famished. A bowl of noodle scraps that she normally would not even give a second glance, made Song Qingluo feel that the fragrance of the meal was assaulting her very senses. With hesitation, she wiped away the tears at the corner of her eyes.

Then, she began ingesting it down in large bites and mouthfuls.

At this time there were already many people around them.

The cries and scream of Song Zhi and his cronies caused the observers to point and mutter. It was unknown just what exactly they were speaking about.

The main road outside the Proud sky centre had already turned into a goods transaction area. Typically, there were many people walking past. In the blink of an eye, there were near a thousand people that was attracted to such an incident.....

Wen Wan continued eating noodles without a care in the world.

People long knew about the appetite of this mad noodle eating man, so they did not find this strange. Soem people on the other hand had their mouths gaped wide open as they watched this bearded man eat four bowls of noodle. Then, they noticed the twenty or so empty bowls next to him. Their faces were like as if they had just saw a ghost.

There were some people, who could not help but feel curious. Could such a bowl of scrap noodles really be that delicious? They called over the owner to ask him to make them a bowl for them to try.

The owner of the noodle stand was so overjoyed that tears nearly came out.

"Move away, move away....move away!"

"Masters, they're there. The perpetrator is too cruel, Song Zhi and the others are badly hurt."

There were loud shouts and clamour.

There were a group of armoured experts numbering around twenty that parted the crowd and bashed forward.

The leading expert looked to be around thirty, white face and a long beard. His figure was muscular and he was releasing powerful yuan qi, causing the surrounding people not being able to stand stably, and then being pushed to one side. Evidently his strength was really high.

This group of experts surrounded two people that were around twenty years old. From their faces, they seemed to be handsome noble young masters. They arrived at the noodle stand.

"It's them young masters. Those vicious people disregarded the name of the Dugu financial organisation entirely. I've alrady mentioned the name of the Dugu family, but he....." The crony that had previously ran away, added extra layers to the story as he recounted the tale, cradling his swollen face.

Tens of experts completely surrounded the noodle stand from all directions.

The owner of the noodle stand who was previously overjoyed with delight, currently had a face of despair and depression, not daring to utter a single world.

Originally Song Qingluo's heart had calmed down a little, but seeing the events unfold as it did, she became nervous once again. Especially after seeing those two noble young men, the wealth and aura they emitted instantly made her realised that there were the rumoured two favoured sons of the current head of the Dugu family. They were truly important people.

"I'....." Song Qingluo was about to say something.“

Wen Wan waved his arm, interrupting her sentence. He stood up, then let out a burp, giving them a disinterested glance. In a bland voice, "You two little brats, are you people who can make decisions in the Dugu financial organisation?”

"You dare, to use such a tone when speaking to our masters?"

There was an expert that was instantly enraged.

Clang.

His sord was already half drawn out, a fierce aura emanating from him.

The surrounding people immediately began to back away.

The guards that the Dugu family commanded were all experts. They had all walked out alive from fire and battles, they had all seen blood and killed before.

"Young master, young master, save me, save me,....." Song Zhi howled madly, crawling over towards their direction.

The younger of the two young men let out a cold laugh: "Coming to Youyan Pass has really enlarged my horizons. To think that there would even be someone who would dare to insult and embarrass people of the Dugu organisation....friend, please speak some reason."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 264:


The Dugu group？

As the surrounding spectators heard what this young man said, their expressions all changed. They all took tens of steps backwards.

Within the Snow Empire, there were six financial organisation that belonged to families with very long histories. They existed before the Empire was even founded, with a background not any less than that of a large sect. They had unfathomable depths. The Dugu financial organisation was one of such groups.

Especially the leader of the older generation of the Dugu organisation ---the [Pill God of Snow country], Dugu Quan. With his Pill arts, he became the number one Pill master of the Empire, and entered into the Imperial group of masters. Ever since then, the power and influence the Dugu organisation wielded had increased even more.

In these years, the circle of influence the Dugu organisation exerted was not only restricted to the power of their family in the Phoenix province. Their influence had already spread throughout all the large provinces of the Empire, their glory spreading throughout the land.

With the support of such a powerful figure, the way that the Dugu organisation did things became overbearing.

There were some opponents of the Dugu organisation, that had completely disappeared in these past few years.

Because they heard the two young men were the young masters of the Dugu organisation, the surrounding crowd hastily avoided them. If a fight broke up, with the way the Dugu organisation did things, even if they were dragged into such encounter, they would have no one that they could reason with.

"You are who?" Wen Wan picked at his teeth with a tootpick, not even looking up. “I'm afraid this isn't the place for you to interfere.”

"You....." The wealthy young man was enraged, about to retort with something.

The other wealthily dressed young man that looked a little older grabbed at his young brother, shaking his head. Moving his brother to the side, he then took a step forward, clasping his hands: "May I have for your name? If there is anything our servants did wrong and offended you, please forgive them."

Wen Wan looked up at him, then nodded his head. "It seems you know how to handle things better." He pointed at the Bai Yuanxing beside him, then laughed: "He’s the number one subordinate that Marquis Ye of White Horse tower commands. Does he meet the requirement to interfere in the business of the Dugu organisation?"

Bai Yuanxing's face instantly reddened.

His name did not hold any significance whatsoever. Officer Wen Wan was just playing with him. Wen Wan should just use the name Marquis Ye, perhaps then that might have some effect.

He was about to stand up and explain.

At that time ---

"What?" When the wealthily dressed young master heard this, he was taken aback. His gaze landed on Bai Yuanxing, and evaluated him. Then he respectfully gave him a bow, saying: "I didn't know Master Bai was here, Dugu Tianxin gives his respect to Master Bai."

What?

Bai Yuanxing was completely perplexed.

He could not react to this at all.

What.....to think that he was so famous?

But it was not finished yet.

“Dugu Dixiu, pays his respect to Master Bai." The other originally arrogant rich young master, after he heard of Bai Yuanxing's name, instantly seemed to grasp something important. All his contempt and arrogance disappeared, and he came to sincerely pay his respects.

"We pay our respects to Master Bai."

Their other guards, instantly sheathed their weapon, respectfully greeting him.

The people who were originally here just to spectate, were totally dumbfounded.

Why did it seem like that average and normal young man had such a great background? For even the two young masters of the Dugu organisation to pay their respects to him.

The Song Qingluo who was in a conflicted state, was also dumbfounded.

Wen Wan seemed as if he knew already what would happen. There was not a hint of surprise on his face, but a smile instead.

"This...." Bai Yuanxing did not know how to react.

Dugu Tianxin once again respectfully bowed: "Please give our respects to Lord Ye. Ever since we came to Youyan pass a couple of days ago, Lord Ye was always in isolation training so we didn't dare disturb him. Can we please ask Master Bai to beg forgiveness from Lord Ye."

Bai Yuanxing finally understood.

So the people of the Dugu organisation was only so respectful because of Marquis Ye.

This seemed perfectly reasonable and logical to Bai Yuanxing.

In Bai Yuanxing's heart, no matter how ridiculous or nonsensical a matter was, as long as it was to do with Ye Qingyu, everything was believable.

At the start he was perplexed because he did not imagine Marquis Ye had any relations with the Dugu organisation. But right now, seeing the two young masters of the Dugu organisation being so respectful, he accepted this calmly.

"Marquis Ye is still in closed isolation training. It's unknown when this will end. When Marquis comes out, I will definitely notify you two at the first instant." Bai Yuanxing replied in a tone that did not make it out to seem as if he was inferior or superior.

"Then we will really be too thankful to master Bai." Dugu Dixiu and Dugu Tianxin were instantly overjoyed.

The current head of the Dugu family was in the prime of his life, and had great vitality, and many wives. Although these two were of the sons of the first wife, but their mother had already passed away for many years. Their position in the family had gradually fallen, and the sons that were born from the other wives had also began threatening the position of the two.

The affairs of the nobles were turmultous. In the eyes of the other people, they were the powerful young masters of the Dugu organisation, they could do as they pleased. But in reality?

The person who drinks water know best whether it was hot or cold.。

This time, they had spent a great deal of effort to obtain the right to become the representatives of the Dugu organisation in Proud sky centre.

The most important reason for this, was that the previous head of family, the current pillar of the Dugu organisation, [Pill God of Snow Empire], Dugu Quan had arrived in Youyan Pass. Dugu Quan already did not interfere in family affairs, but within the family he was still the absolute power. The Dugu brothers always had a decent relationship with their grandfather so they wanted to use this opportunity to deepen the bond further.

Who would have thought that since they came into Youyan pass, they would hear the news that their grandfather had become sworn brothers with a Marquis.

With the temperament of their grandfather, the two brothers knew, that since he had recognised him as his sworn brother, even if the head of family came they would have to refer to this little Marquis as their uncle.

After the two knew of this fact, they investigated and examined the Marquis called Ye Qingyu's background completely.

They had also heard some insider information from Lin Qingyi and Shopkeeper Sui. Those two fully recounted the background and story of Ye Qingyu, giving the two brothers a great fright. They instantly realised that this little Marquis was not simple at all. From their meetings and conversation they had with their grandfather, they were also able to affirm the attitude their grandfather held towards Ye Qingyu. For the two, they instantly saw the opportunity they had been waiting and bitterly searching for, within Ye Qingyu.

The two decide to take initiative, and deepen the bond between them and their sworn grandfather.

It was only that these days, they heard Ye Qingyu was in closed isolation training, so they didn't dare disturb him.

Who would have thought that their underlings had incited the wrath of some subordinates of Grandfather Ye.....

Dugu Dixiu’s and Dugu Tianxin’s hearts could not help but become worried.

"Our underlings were ignorant and offended master Bai. When we return, we will definitely teach them a lesson." At this moment, Dugu Tianxin really had the intention to hack Song Zhi and the others into pieces.。

Bai Yuanxing shook his head. "He did not offend me, it's only that he harassed my master's lover. I hope they can apologise.”

Before he had even finished.

Puk!

The Wen Wan who was currently picking at his teeth and enjoying the show, nearly spat something out. The toothpick snapped in his mouth.

This Bai Yuanxing, was really far too slow. He really thought that he was being serious when he was teasing him earlier. Wahaha, he suddenly conjured up a lover of little Ye from out of nowhere. Haha, this matter.....was really too interesting.

Wen Wan began to look at the scene unfolding with greater interest.

The Song Qingluo by the side, her white and exquisite little face, was currently as red as an inferno. She could not even lift up her head from embarrassment.

Just when did she become Ye Qingyu's lover?

The other side.

Dugu Dixiu and Dugu Tianxin did not realise the intricacies within this situation.

When they heard Bai Yuanxing's words, their hearts jumped. They were nearly scared witless by these words.

Disregarding everything else, if their grandfather was to know of this situation, he would most likely break the legs of the two brothers.

"Come. Grab Song Zhi and those animals, bring them here." Dugu Tianxin was so enraged his teeth was about to be crushed.

Song Zhi and the others, just how could they not have realised what had happened. Everyone was scared witless, their bodies shivering, not even able to form a sentence. Especially Song Zhi, his head was completely blank. If Song Jiannan had such a great backer, why did he keep bothering him like a headless fly, was he a pig?

"Mas-Ma-Mas.....Master.....I...." Song Zhi crawled over with his hands and legs.

Dugu Tianxin kicked him away, his gaze as cold as blades. "Beat him to death."

As a young master from a noble and rich family, he was used to using merciless methods. Affected by his environment and experiences, he would absolutely not hesitate or do things in half measure. When he had to be merciless, he would definitely not even show a hint of mercy.

"Ah, Master, don't, I....."

Before he had finished.

The surrounding experts acted. Using the hilts of their blades as staffs, they instantly surrounded this person with sinister intentions and beat him till he was a bloody piece of flesh.

The other lackeys were frightened out of their wits after witnessing such a scene. The person who had called the Dugu brothers over, his face was pale as paste and he was sweating bullets. He wanted to run, but there was no strength in his legs. The world was vast, but as long as you offended the Dugu organisation, none would be able to live.

"Beat them all to death."

Dugu Dixiu cold voice sounded out.

Song Qingluo was a kindhearted person, and girls were especially soft. It caused her not bear see such a fate befall thse people. She was about to say something, when she was stopped by Wen Wan beside her.

"These animals that rely on the power of others, they are completley malicious. If you release them today, they will still do bad acts in the future. They will definitely bully and harass others like they did to you today." Wen Wan said sternly. "I'll teach you a lesson today, and that is to not be merciful like a woman. Especially for trash like these people. In this matter, you cannot be compared to little Ye."

Song Qingluo hesitated, then nodded her head subconsciously.

"I wonder who you are?" Dugu Tianxin said, clasping his hands.

Wen Wan laughed, affronting the manenr of a profound person. "Oh, I am just a minor character. I've been kicked out of the Vanguard, and I've just been adopted by Marquis Ye.”

"Oh....." Dugu Tianxin nodded his head.

Wen Wan continued: "I don't have too close of a relationship with your grandafather Ye. I've only just taught him a bit of martial cultivation for a period of time previously...."

The expression of Dugu Dixiu and Dugu Tianxin transformed, nearly kneeling down in front of him.

Ye Qingyu was already the sworn brother of their grandfather, according to hierarchy, they have to call him grandfather. If this person was Ye Qingyu's master, and a master was like a father, then this person was their ancestor?

This family hierarchy, was far too chaotic.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

