Chapter 645:


Chapter 663, Two gravestones

White Deer Academy had a special significance to Ye Qingyu.

Like a fully fledged eagle, never forgetting the place that sheltered him, it had protected him, and educated him when he had not developed all his feathers and was unable to fly.

During the meal, the main housekeeper Tang San made use of every second to succinctly report to Ye Qingyu the situation of the Ye residence in Deer City.

Because Ye Qingyu had made clear his intentions beforehand, the Ye family did not really develop any businesses. Besides the previous few major properties it had owned, which had not expanded and only maintained a self-sufficient and satisfied state, it did not expand any further. However, every property had been developed very healthily.

With Ye Qingyu around, whether the Ye family was rich or not did not matter. In the whole empire, no one had the weight to touch the Ye residence.

Tang San also mentioned the Song family's Qingluo Merchant Company.

According to Tang San, the Qingluo Merchant Company that was originally close to bankruptcy, after Ye Qingyu's assistance last time, immediately skyrocketed and received many supports and guidance from several merchant companies and commercial officials. In particular, the Dugu Merchant Company had opened many channels for them, and now the Qingluo Merchant Company began to rise and flourish again in Deer City, becoming the largest merchant company in the Northwest region.

And Song Qingluo's father, Song Jiannan, now had almost as much influence as City Lord Qin Ying.

The feast ended in a joyous atmosphere.

Night fell.

Aunt Lan arranged Luo Yi, Gao Qi, and the other people into the West Wing to rest.

Ye Qingyu also went back to his room in the back courtyard and sat cross-legged, meditating.

After a few moments.

Ye Qingyu slowly opened his eyes, gently nodded to the courtyard outside the window, “Come in.”

A pale blue light flashed.

Lang Zhong and Lang Yong knelt on their knees and bowed in unison.

“Young Lord!”

“How are you, Leader Lang Zhong?” Ye Qingyu gave a faint smile, lifting his hand lightly.

Towards this young man, Ye Qingyu had a special favourable opinion. Although he had not been following at Ye Qingyu's side, and was not particularly powerful, but he was the orphan that Father and Mother Ye adopted. To some extent, he was Ye Qingyu's non-blood related brother. Adding to this, Lang Zhong and his sister were also very loyal to the Ye family, which made Ye Qingyu incredibly moved.

Lang Zhong was emotionally stirred again when he saw the Young Lord.

Especially after hearing about the changes that the Young Lord underwent in the past few years from his younger sister as well as the influence that the Two River Gang had in the empire. The young man was surging with joy and excitement in his heart.

After the meeting, he gave Ye Qingyu a jade scroll, which meticulously reported the development of Deer City and the Two River Gangin the past few years.

In the past few years, the forces of the Two Rivers Gang had already covered the entire Deer City, but were still faintly expanding to the Southeast and Southwest region. Moreover, there were people of the Two River Gangamong the merchants and officials. The Two River Gang could be described as deeply rooted in the entire city.

In order to expand its strength, in the past few years Lang Zhong had arranged more than ten capable officers into the cities and towns near Deer City. With the Deer City as the center, the several towns were also under the influence of the Two River Gang.

Ye Qingyu carefully browsed the contents in the jade scroll, while listening to Lang Yong's report, nodding slightly.

An hour later.

Lang Yong and Lang Zhong quietly left the Ye residence.

It was late at night, and the sky was glistening with a white light unique to a cold and bitter snowy place.

Deer City, shrouded by a white light, was colder than the Snow capital under the moonlight, but also possesed a mysterious beauty.

The moon and the stars were still twinkling above the clouds. The faint rays of morning light quietly covered the clouds with a faint layer of golden glow.

Ye Qingyu greeted Aunt Lan who was personally working in the kitchen, and then asked Tang San to come with him.

Walking along the slate pavement wet with dew, while breathing in the delicate fragrance of the morning breeze, the brothers chatted merrily. Then, ten steps later, water mist suddenly shrouded the duo, and immediately Ye Qingyu's and Tang San's figure dissipated at the end of the street.

After around ten minutes.

At the edge of the Northern district of Deer City.

An open space appeared before them.

Here was previously a desolate piece of land with deserted houses, which had now become a hundred acres of tree-lined public cemetery.

A cold white jade gravestone was silently bathed in the morning dew, shrouded by a layer of faint fog. On the stone tablet, there were many bouquets and offering fruits placed...

“This...” Ye Qingyu's eyes flashed in disbelief.

When Ye Qingyu moved his parents’ grave back then, burying the coffin of his parents into the Deer City river, he was somewhat reluctant to part with them, so he instructed Tang San to repair and renovate the originally less than one acre of cemetery and build a cenotaph.

But the sight in front of him was something he had never thought of.

“Young Lord, since you went to the imperial capital, and were promoted to the Lord of the Light Palace, and did so many heroic deeds to defend the Snow Empire, the fact that Master and Madam were once buried in this place began to spread. The news that this place was a land of good fortune began to spread, and rumours that it can bring about prosperity was passed around. So the aristocrats and officials have moved their ancestral graves here. And this place slowly turned to what it is now...”

Tang San led the way in front while softly explaining to Ye Qingyu.

At the end of the winding path and after setting foot on the jade stone steps, on a hill of the public cemetery, there was a five-meter-tall and one-meter-wide white jade and gold plated monument coming into view.

Semi-curved white jade stonewalls wrapped the stone tablet within, pine and cypress ancient trees stood proudly and strongly outside the stone walls despite the frost.

On the stone tablet, the kindness and heroic deeds of Father and Mother Ye were engraved in blood red.

On the pedestal of the stone tablet were many white and yellow bouquets, as well as a wide variety of fruit and food from visitors.

The square stone tablet was engraved with an epitaph that was washed by the morning dew, giving the stone tablet a clear and shiny appearance.

Ye Qingyu stretched out his finger, gently stroking the cinnabar-coloured handwriting, and the icy white jade stone exuded a biting chill.

He gently pointed out his fingertips, injecting a wisp of yuan qi into the originally ice cold white jade, which immediately heated up, and the red writing after the warmth permeated seemed to be brighter than it was before.

“Son has come to see you...” Ye Qingyu said to the stone tablet in a quiet voice.

Tang San consciously took several steps back and waited on the open space on the left.

Clad in a white robe and lightly caressing the stone tablet, the quiet Lord was shrouded in the morning mist, like an Immortal. That scene, even decades later, would still be unforgettable to Tang San.

Half an hour later.

“Let's go,” Ye Qingyu did not turn his head back, but his clear voice rang in Tang San's ear.

He hurried over, following half a step behind Ye Qingyu, and together headed down the bottom of the hill.

Ye Qingyu seemed to be deep in thought. He did not follow the path that they came from, instead aimlessly striding around the blue stone paved path.

“This... Bai Yuqing?” Ye Qingyu suddenly noticed something, his footsteps slowed and his face was twisted with shock.

The blue stone tablet before him that was one person tall was carved with Bai Yuqing’s name in a cinnabar red colour.

The stone tablet, wrapped in dew and morning mist, was stained with glistening beads of water, like the tears on the face of a weeping beauty.

This was Bai Yuqing's tombstone?

She... was already dead?

Ye Qingyu was completely shocked.

For a moment, the image of the beautiful young woman in a snowy white dress surfaced in his mind.

He had to admit that Bai Yuqing was an extremely outstanding woman.

But unexpectedly...

“Reporting to Young Lord, according to rumours in the city, Miss Bai later went to the imperial capital. That year not long after the battle in the imperial capital, there was news of her death, but her body was not transported back home. The Bai family was very upset. They used a lot of money and effort to find clues, and later build a cenotaph here...”

He had kept an eye on all kinds of news in the city, so that he could inform the young Lord right away of the information that he knew.

Ye Qingyu went silent for a moment.

What had happened to Bai Yuqing during the battle in the imperial capital?

It seemed that she was tragically killed in the midst of the war.

Tang San waited for a while, but Ye Qingyu did not respond. As though he suddenly remembered something, he pointed to a grave to the south several times and seemed hesitant to speak.

Ye Qingyu looked at him and said, “Come on, what else?”

Tang San heaved a sigh. “Reporting to young Lord, actually not only Miss Bai, there is also a cenotaph of a former classmate of Young Lord in White Deer Academy.”

“Huh? Who?”

“Jiang Xiaohan.”

“What?!” Ye Qingyu exclaimed, his expression shocked.

He paused, and finally followed Tang San, passing several tombs, walked past a slate path, and came to a stone tablet on a slightly lower terrain.

The white jade tombstone was not particular exquisite nor glamorous, situated alone around a bed of wild plants.

And engraved on the tombstone was really Jiang Xiaohan's name and date of birth and death.

Ye Qingyu fell silent for a moment.

The face of his former childhood playmate appeared before his eyes, like it was yesterday.

Although Ye Qingyu had some regrets on what happened later, but Jiang Xiaohan was after all his former old friend. He did not expect such a talented girl to die so early.

After a long while.

“How did she die?” Ye Qingyu asked.

Tang San, noticing that the Young Lord was not in a good mood, immediately answered in a low voice, “She and Miss Bai were the same, shortly after that battle, the news of her death came. The Jiang family originally buried her cenotaph in their ancestral land and was only moved here one month ago.”

Tang San still had some vague impressions of Jiang Xiaohan.

He heard from the servants of the family that on the night when Young Lord came back from Youyan Pass, there was a girl called Jiang Xiaohan who came to find Young Lord, but Young Lord refused to see her——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 646:


Chapter 664, Grievous news

At the break of dawn, when the sun was hanging in the sky, Ye Qingyu and Tang San returned to the streets of the city, heading toward the Ye residence.

At the entrance of the Ye residence.

“Hey, hey, hey, hey... if it hadn't been for me, you wouldn't have been able to slip out so easily.” The drunken Old Fish leaned against a stone pillar in front of the door, revealing a crafty smile.

“You old thing... belch... if it hadn't been for me, you think you would find it so soon...” The chubby silly dog was lying on his back on the steps, with a pretendingto-be-mysterious look on his face, “But, hehe... how do you know what's in there?”

“Guess what... hiccup...” Old Fish raised his brows, laughing sinisterly.

What kind of trouble had these two caused...

Ye Qingyu let out a helpless sigh, before he asked Tang San to call a few servants to support the dog and man into the house.

After the lunch feast.

Ye Qingyu enforced strong defense formations around the Ye residence, then briefly explained to Tang San about the matters of the city. He also said farewell to Aunt Lan and Little Grass and finally left the Ye residence with Luo Yi and the others.

The aristocrats and officials of the city who had come to say farewell filled the whole street. City Lord Qing Ying and the four military leaders stood at the front of the crowd.

Ye Qingyu stood in front of the door and simply said a few words of goodbye, before leading Luo Yi and the others into a stream of light, and streaked out of the city and across the sky.

The crowd in Deer City all looked in awe, their eyes fixated on the sky.

On the hills outside the city.

The majestic black palace slowly ascended, before disappearing at the end of the Northern horizon.

The next stop, was Youyan Pass.

……

After approximately one hour.

The Light Palace, which had entered into the depths of Deer Mountain Range, all of a sudden slowed to a halt.

Blanketed in snow and ice, the icy cold north wind blowing, and an endless stretch of glacial snowy cliffs, there was an extremely magnificent and vast world in front. It was as if it gave people a sense of inexplicable desolation and emptiness.

The ice crystals that swept by the along with the strong icy wind were like sharp blades and daggers, shooting toward the Light Palace. But it all dissipated and vaporized within forty meters of the Divine Palace.

Ye Qingyu stood on the steps of the palace, overlooking the layer of ice between the snowy mountains, lost in thought.

That was where the bodies of the sentinels were buried.

If these sentries had not risked their life to protect him, he would have been killed already.

He had transported back the corpses of  several sentinels to their homeland one by one after his return from Youyan Pass. But mysteriously and inexorably, Ye Qingyu still felt that the sentinels, who represented the dignity and glory of the soldiers, their souls were still silently guarding this stretch of snowy and icy land.

He did not say a word for a long while.

It was like a memory, also like grieving.

The past events in the icehouse were still vivid in his mind.

Ye Qingyu's eyes gave birth to a hint of imperceptible sorrow, but more of respect and admiration.

In the evening.

The Light Palace speeded all the way to the Northern border, and in the blink of an eye had already entered the territory of Youyan Pass.

In the distance.

Thick storm clouds frantically accumulated towards the motionless mountains.

The layers of wind and snow that formed a constantly tumbling snowstorm were like a hurricane, violently sweeping the surroundings.

The extremely cold land on the edge of the Northern border of the Snow Empire, was covered in a boundless expanse of silver and white. Several avalanche-like quicksand were surging down from the mountains and rivers, setting off icy fog into the sky. Like a frozen city, Youyan Pass was silently and calmly standing guard in the Northern frontier, letting the extremely difficult environment, avalanche, and storm to cause devastation, while it was still towering majestically, exuding an imposing manner being impenetrable to attacks.

Wu!

Several patrolling snow dragon chariots were roaming around in the blizzard when they suddenly sounded the bugle at the same time. All of a sudden the boundary that shrouded the ice city above opened up with a gap.

Ye Qingyu maneuvered the Light Palace through the gap in the boundary, entering the city.

Dozens of patrolling airships were uniformly going forward together, speeding towards both sides of the Light Palace. Among them, a comparatively larger black battleship was like a giant boat in the sea, cutting through the thick rolling grey clouds that were like ocean waves, and firmly halting in front of the Light Palace.

On the airship.

“Welcome, Palace Lord Ye!” several familiar voices rang at the same time.

Clad in black iron armour, a slightly smiling Lu Zhaoge led the crowd of soldiers and bowed in the direction of Ye Qingyu.

Behind him, with smiling expression on their faces, bodies bent at the waist, and similarly dressed in cold light armour, were Ye Congyun and the military advisor—— [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing.

There were also several other commanders of the military council pavilion, as well as high ranking military officers and generals of various battalions.

“Everyone, long time no see,” Ye Qingyu, with a faint smile, nodded slightly.

The Youyan Pass Lord Lu Zhaoge and [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing were still looking the same as before. The only one with obvious changes to his appearance was Lu Zhaoge's disciple, Ye Congyun.

Opposite, Ye Qingyu looked somewhat emotional.

It could be said that it was Ye Qingyu that made him. If Ye Qingyu had not promoted him and saved him, he most likely would have been dead.

During this more than one year of time, under the guidance of a master, he had been diligently practicing day and night, for fear that he would disappoint Ye Qingyu who had given him a new lease in life and taught him.

Currently, he had already reached a cultivation base of seventy Spirit springs.

At last he had lived up to his elder brother's trust...

Ye Qingyu gazed at the calm, strong, and greatly improved Yu Congyun. His lips was curving in a relieved smile.

“We already received news when Lord Ye passed through the Deer mountains. Tea has already been prepared in the Pass Lord's residence to welcome Lord Ye,” [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing said with a cupped fist salute.

The black battleship slowly began to move, leading the way towards the Pass Lord’s residence.

In the Light Palace.

“Is that the Youyan Pass overlord you're talking about?” Old Fish cast a sidelong glance at him from narrowed eyes, nudging Little Nine who was pretending to snore with his elbow.

“Yes, there is nothing delicious in his residence, only a pile of military books, but in Youyan Pass... Hey hey...” Silly dog suddenly flipped over and sat up, revealing a long, crafty smile.

Immediately, the man and dog suddenly transformed into two wisps of mist under the nose of Gao Qiu and the others, disappearing from where they were all of a sudden.

Gao Qiu and the others stared at Ye Qingyu blankly, and for a moment did not know what to report.

Without turning back his head, Ye Qingyu shook his head gently.

“Go with them.”

All four soldiers had not yet moved their bodies, but Ye Qingyu's voice was already ringing clearly in their ears.

Below.

Familiar streets, noodle shops and restaurants, as well as the repaired White Horse Tower came into view.

There were a lot more patrols than before...

He found that on almost every two streets there was a squad of heavily armoured soldiers patrolling back and forth.

If Deer City was the hometown of Ye Qingyu, then Youyan Pass was the real place where Ye Qingyu’s strength really began to develop.

The scenes back then resurfaced in his mind, including him coming to Youyan Pass as a Patrolling Sword Envoy, until the Demon Court got into difficulties, and how he assisted the Pass Lord Lu to reorganize the sect forces, as well as the hot-blooded generals and soldiers who had once fought together.

The times have changed. The current Lord of the Light Palace Ye Qingyu had returned to Youyan Pass. Even though his status and identity had changed, he was still full of gratitude and nostalgia for the snowy mountain city.

At this moment——

“This is?”

Ye Qingyu's face was crossed with astonishment, which was quickly followed by a thoughtful expression.

After ten minutes.

Pass Lord's meeting hall.

Liu Yuqing had personally brewed tea for everyone. A burst of refreshing tea fragrance unique to an icy land gave off a sense of comfort.

“Why don't I see Liu Zongyuan and Liu Suifeng?” Ye Qingyu, clasping the blood-coloured teacup, glanced around.

All the generals in the hall were taken aback.

For a moment, everyone, including Lu Zhaoge, had a somewhat strange and hesitant expression.  一

“What's going on?” Ye Qingyu, sensing something was wrong, questioned further.

“The incident happened too suddenly, so it was too late to report to the imperial court of the Snow Empire...” Lu Zhaoge sighed slightly, his brows knitted together, and a hint of sadness sprang to his eyes. “An hour ago, some of the most powerful demon experts attacked the Pass Lord’s residence, the demons launched a sneak attack at General Liu Zongyuan and was killed on the spot...”

“What?!” Ye Qingyu was so shocked that the teacup in his hand was instantly crushed into powder, “Brother Zongyuan died in battle?!”

He could not believe what he had heard.

Liu Zongyuan had died in battle?

His good brother who he had fought alongside with in Youyan Pass against the  Demon Court several times, and who always remained calm in front of the Demon Race? The person who had bravely killed the high ranking generals, was fearless in the White Horse Tower, and unhesitatingly stood by his side, had died?

“Yes...” Ye Congyun's eyes brimmed with sorrow. “Also commander Liu Suifeng of the front line battalion also suffered serious injuries during the battle, his right arm was severed off by a divine weapon of the demon clan.”

In a trance, Ye Qingyu's eyes flashed with disbelief when he heard this.

His mind surfaced with the image of a polite and kind fatty. The commander who had slaughtered near millions of demons, and was known as the [Snow Empire Human Butcher], and was also called the God of Death, had his arm severed off? And also in the headquarters of the Youyan military?

“All this, what is going on?” Ye Qingyu drew a deep breath and calmed the anger and impatience that surged in his heart.

He could not imagine what kind of disturbance had suddenly erupted in the Pass Lord's residence the night before, and how the demon clan enemies could easily kill the great Youyan generals.

[Painting Saint], who had been silently brewing tea all this time, suddenly drew a deep breath, and slowly opened his mouth, “An hour ago, all of a sudden, several demon clan experts attacked Pass Lord Lu. He led several commanders and generals to fight back, and it was only after hundreds of rounds of battle that they only just fought off the demon clan. But during the battle, General Liu Zongyuan was severely injured by a hidden weapon, and collapsed on the spot, while Liu Siufeng's right arm was severed off and was seriously wounded.”

Ye Qingyu didn't know what to say.

“Actually... there's also Zhang San.....He had also died in the battle last night...” Lu Zhaoge stared at the rising steam from the cup of hot tea in deep thought, heaved a long sigh, and added.

“This...” Ye Qingyu was completely shocked and didn't know how to react.

How could something like this happen?



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 647:


Chapter 665, Experts who came out of nowhere

Ye Qingyu was inevitably lamenting when he heard what was said.

Ever since he took over the Light Palace, he learned more about the military and state information coming from the various channels of the Snow Empire, and began to understand many things that were not as visible as before. As a result, he also knew more inside stories. When Zhang San was still the head of military supply, although he was considered as having an important role in Youyan Pass, but his evaluation was always bad. He was known to deduct soldiers’ salaries, having secret ties with other residences, giving gifts as bribery, and can be said to be the largest black spot among the entire Youyan Pass. Many people found it strange why the Youyan War God Lu Zhaoge would allow such a person to be in charge of military supply in the first place. It was impossible for Lu Zhaoge to not know about it.

Ye Qingyu was also one who had such thoughts.

It was also because of this that he had a certain view of the Youyan military God Lu Zhaoge.

But now, Ye Qingyu finally understood the role that Zhang San played——If Lu Zhaoge was the War God pillar of the Light formation, then Zhang San was the dark left hand after the light, who fought for the interest of the Youyan military in a foul way when resources degenerated. At that time, the empire’s situation was not good, and the Left Minister deliberately docked the military supply division of Youyan Pass. It was in a state where its income did not cover its expenditure. And Lu Zhaoge's high-principled and open ways many times made it difficult to counter such a trivial but realistic problem. The soldier's salary that Zhang San took was, in fact, something that had saved up and used secretly to support the Youyan army.

Although he seemed to rely on help from the Left Minister, seemingly colluded with other sects, and was corrupted, but it was also the existence of Zhang San, who had become a buffer for the Youyan army and other forces.

Zhang San had volunteered to become a demon.

In this world, there was not just black or white.

Some people may be condemned by thousands of people, scolded by the world, but if people understood the full story, they would be made aware of their good intentions.

Ye Qingyu cast a glance at the incredibly sorrowful Lu Zhaoge. He certainly understood that for the Youyan War God, Zhang San was not only a general who secretly helped maintain the supply for the army, but also his close brother on the battlefield.

Before his brother’s death, he had failed to make public of his deeds, and he was unable to receive the glory that he should have after his death. This debt, like a huge boulder, heavily pressed onto Lu Zhaoge’s heart.

After a brief silence.

“According to the news received in Snow capital and the bulletin board along the way, the Snow Ground Demon Court has been in a very stable state, why would there all of a sudden be demon clan experts causing disturbance?” Ye Qingyu asked.

Lu Zhaoge and Liu Yuqing shook their heads one after the other.

This time the incident had happened too suddenly. The military had not received the slightest news so there was no preparation made at all.

After the battle, the high ranking military officers of the military council pavilion had all gathered at the Pass Lord's residence to discuss and explore the causes and clues of the demon unrest. But till now, there still was no good news.

“Those old monsters possess unbelievable powers. How did they cross the boundary and the defense line without us realizing at all.” [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing put down the teapot, flicked his flowing sleeves, and a clear sketch of the map of Youyan Pass appeared before everyone. “Now that the world has greatly changed, the yuan qi tide is rapidly surging. The cultivation base of martial arts within Heaven Wasteland Domain is also frantically growing. Under such great changes, the formations and defenses that have been operating around Youyang Pass for decades are unable to keep up. Previously, we have done a lot of remedial work, changed and repaired a lot of formations, but it is still not enough!”

“Yes, but this time the attack really came too abruptly. Moreover, during the battle we found that the Demon Race experts that attacked this time were not on the previous military watch list. This is too unusual. The empire has always been extremely vigilant against the Snow Ground Demon Court. The experts of the Demon Court above the Bitter Sea boundary will be recorded. And they were also extremely wary towards some particularly tough demon experts, but this time these monsters... seemed to have appeared out of thin air and had never appeared in this world before, so they easily avoided all kinds of detection and appeared in Youyan Pass...” Ye Congyu added, his face crossed with puzzlement.

“When their plan failed, they calmly retreated, and we could not trace where they went. We have carefully checked the streets and houses a few times already and the checkpoints were heavily guarded, but we still could not find a trace of those demons.” Lu Zhaoge revealed a grave expression, “But I have a feeling that those demon experts are still lurking in the city.”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

The situation was clearly not great.

The presence of such top experts was indeed a great threat to Youyan Pass.

He needed to think of a way to pull out these threats.

He took a closer look at the topographic map, which had been marked with numerous labels, and formed a plan in mind.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu was worried about Liu Suifeng. He stood up and said, “Pass lLrd Lu, take me to see General Liu.”

Lu Zhaoge nodded when he heard this, “Suifeng is recuperating in my house at the moment, I will take you there.”

In the back garden of the Pass Lord's residence.

In a quiet fenced courtyard, there were several yellow huts standing side by side.

Ye Qingyu, Lu Zhaoge, Liu Yuqing, Ye Congyun, and the others came to the door of the hut in the middle.

It was in this hut that Lu Zhaoge had rested when he was seriously injured a year ago.

Today, the person recuperating inside was Liu Suifeng.

Before Ye Qingyu had yet entered through the door, he already sensed a strong demonic aura emitting from the house.

He knitted his brows in a frown.

Such a strong demonic aura was definitely left behind by an old demon of at least the peak of the Heaven Ascension boundary. Liu Suifeng must have suffered a lot.

Without thinking it over too much, he pushed the door open, and right away saw the deathly pale and haggard Liu Suifeng lying on the bed.

The burly and resolute Liu Suifeng, who was like an iron tower, had his face twisted with a painful expression, faintly twitching. Although unconscious, he was still clenching his teeth, and beads of cold sweat was trickling down from his forehead. But he did not groan out because of pain.

His left arm had been severed from the shoulder, and the upper part was wrapped in black mist, giving off a strong stench.

The black mist, like the maggots of the bone, was constantly extracting the yuan qi and life force within Liu Suifeng's body. The bones and flesh close to the broken arm were rotten, and even with Liu Suifeng's Bitter Sea stage cultivation base he unexpectedly was unable to grow out an arm again.

Ye Qingyu trotted over to the bed, lightly swept his eyes over Liu Suifeng's body, and found that the black demonic aura had already, through the wound of his severed arm, began to gradually erode his entire body. It seemed that Liu Suifeng had already taken a lot of pills and elixirs and detoxifying herbal medicine, which was helping him remove the demon poison, and coupled with Liu Suifeng's yuan qi cultivation he was just able to protect his heart.

If it were a few days later, the last bit of Liu Suifeng's yuan qi would have been eroded by the demonic aura and his life would be in danger.

Ye Qingyu went to the bed and gently brushed his palms across Liu Siufeng’s body.

An invisible body of qi lifted up the upper body of Liu Suifeng, so that he sat up with his back facing him.

Then he slowly activated the [Supreme Ice Flame] in his dantian, turning it into a cold air current that spread from the dantian to the palm of his hand. His palm exuded a soft white halo of light. Given his current cultivation level, he was able to perfectly control the [Supreme Ice Flame] and not let a hint of chill leak out.

He pressed his right palm against Liu Suifeng's back, and a soft white halo enveloped Liu Suifeng's body.

Under Ye Qingyu’s control, the [Supreme Ice Flame] penetrated into the body of Liu Suifeng a little at a time, like a stream of water. Where it passed, the black demonic aura within Liu Suifeng's body was washed away, accumulating around the wound on his severed arm.

On the other side, Lu Zhaoge’s and the other people's faces lit up.

When Lu Zhaoge was wounded back then, it was also Ye Qingyu who helped him removed the dark force and treated Lu Zhaoge's injury. Ye Qingyu's healing ability was unrivalled and this time Liu Suifeng should also be able to survive.

After a full ten minutes.

Liu Suifeng's deathly pale face finally revealed a tinge of blood red colour. His scrunched up brows also gradually relaxed, his breathing gradually grew steadier, and he no longer clenched his teeth.

The yuan qi in his body also began to run on its own to repair the damaged meridians in his body.

The wound on Liu Suifeng's left shoulder was covered with a thin layer of ice crystals, confining the black demonic aura that had accumulated around the wound.

Ka-cha!

A light sound.

The [Supreme Ice Flame] forced the last of the demonic aura within Liu Suifeng's body to the left shoulder wound. White ice crystals cloaked around the black demonic aura and dropped from his wound into Ye Qingyu’s left palm.

Studying the ice crystals in his left palm, Ye Qingyu slowly withdrew the [Supreme Ice Flame] from Liu Suifeng's body.

He did not retrieve his hand, and instead instilled a stream of strong and pure yuan qi into Liu Suifeng, moisturizing the almost dried up meridians in his body.

The damaged meridians rapidly recovered under Ye Qingyu's yuan qi, the wound on his left shoulder restored normal flesh and blood, the demonic aura dissipated, a majestic life force broke out, and pink flesh and skin began to grow at a speed visible to the naked eye until a new left arm was grown completely.

“It’s good now, General Liu's origin was poisoned by demon toxin, so he is temporarily unconscious. After a little while, he should be fine.”

Ye Qingyu looked at the newly grown left arm of Liu Suifeng, lightly smiled, and retracted his right palm.

Upon seeing this, Ye Congyun stepped forward, held Liu Suifeng's body, and slowly lowered him onto the bed.

Lu Zhaoge and Liu Yuqing saw that Liu Suifeng was breathing smoothly and a calm expression was on his face. They finally were able to breathe a sigh of relief.

“Thank you, Lord Ye. If not for you General Liu would have still be in danger. I thank Palace Lord Ye on behalf of General Liu,” emotionally moved, Lu Zhaoge bowed to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu shook his head. “Pass Lord is too polite, General Liu had taken care of me in the past, it is only right that I treat his wound.”

With that, he lowered his head to observe the white ice crystals in his palm.

The black demon toxins within the ice crystals had condensed together, and the mighty force was wrapped in the thin white ice crystals, like an ancient beast trapped in a cage.

There was a hint of solemnity in his eyes, and a vast ocean-like consciousness power, like invisible waves, spread all around.

With his present cultivation level, the release of his consciousness power could be done quietly and undetectably.

He concentrated his mind and calmed his emotions. The consciousness power was like a tumbling tide, and where it passed, it provided a panoramic view of Youyan Pass.

Detecting the demonic qi that was wrapped in [Supreme Ice Flame], Ye Qingyu faintly sensed it coming from an inn in the Northwest corner of the city.

“That's where it is.”

The corners of his mouth pulled back in a faint arc, and a flash of light erupted in his eyes.

In the next moment, he suddenly reached out, his five fingers like a claw, making a grabbing motion in the air——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 648:


Chapter 666, Thunderous methods

Che!

The space barrier was like a light silk paper, producing a light noise, and instantly a huge space-time crack was torn open by Ye Qingyu's claw-like hand.

A tearing force emitted from the crack.

From the cracks one could see a wide cave glowing with a fluorescent green light, which should be an underground hidden chamber of Youyan Pass, where three figures were sat around a white stone table, discussing something. The three figures immediately sensed that the void was torn, got up, found the crack, and stared in disbelief. It was evident that they also saw Ye Qingyu and the others at the other end of the space crack.

At the same time, Lu Zhaoge, Liu Yuqing, and Ye Congyun were also stunned.

In the past, they had also witnessed a void being torn during battles between experts, forming a space-time crack, like a blank sheet of paper being ripped apart. But what Ye Qingyu did was entirely different. Without the slightest fluctuation of yuan qi and with just a casual tearing motion, a space-time crack was torn open without the slightest spark or emission of power. Such a performance was astonishing to the trio.

This was especially so at the moment when Ye Qingyu had acted. A bizarre force emitted that already surpassed the scope of cultivation that they could understand.

This kind of scene had completely gone beyond the boundaries of time and space, and was simply as if a space-time tunnel had been opened, clearly displaying the situation at the other end of the crack!

On the other side of the crack.

The panicked expression and bodies of the three did not seem to be much different from that of a human.

The person in the middle looked old, his grizzled hair was bunched up at the top of his head, and was clothed in all blue. At his waist hung a white jade pendant of the Demon Race. His facial features seemed to have gone through great changes; his brows and eyes were both wide and the tip of his nose was curved like that of an eagle. He violently slammed his hand on the stone table. His hand was identical to that of an eagle claw, with only four dark sharp fingernails, and his eagle-like gaze, filled with extreme shock, was staring at Ye Qingyu.

Next to the eagle-looking elder was a burly and abnormal-looking man.

The strong man’s body was covered with nearly an inch of long black hair, and there were two rough armours linked together with leather, protecting his chest and back. His face was as fierce-looking as a wild beast. His eyes were ruthless, and thick sideburns were grown on his dark face. He had a light lightning scar under his left eye, and the pupils of his eyes that were rapidly constricting were filled with shock as they were fixed on Ye Qingyu, like facing a powerful enemy.

On the other side of the black-haired strong man was a seemingly weak, young scholar in white.

He looked only twenty or thirty years old, his black hair secured at the top of his head with a white bone hairpin. He had pretty eyebrows and eyes, and his fair face gave off a scholarly feeling. His well-defined fingers were tightly clenched into fists. He sprang up, staring in astonishment at Ye Qingyu at the other end of the crack. He had a white fluffy fox tail that stuck out from the hem of his white robe, and the fox hairs on the tail were currently sharply standing on their end like silver needles.

The only thing that was the same among the three men was that they were all surging with a powerful demonic aura.

They were all part of the Demon Race.

“Yes, that's them...” Ye Congyun exclaimed out loud.

He recognized right away that the three men were members of the demon experts who had previously attacked Youyan Pass.

“Who?”

“Humans?”

“We've actually been discovered...”

The three demons, after the initial great shock, exclaimed out loud.

Their language was somewhat difficult to understand and the syllables were strange. It clearly wasn't the language spoken among the present age of demons.

But Ye Qingyu understood all of it.

It was the language of Ancient Demons during the era of sects of Heaven Wasteland Domain, which was now incredibly rare.

“Three little mice, how dare you cause trouble in my Youyan Pass?” Ye Qingyu bellowed, making a fierce grasp with his right hand toward the void. The huge yuan qi palm was like the giant hand of a god, containing an incomparable pressure. With a force that resembled lightning, it pressured towards the three demons at the other end.

“Not good.”

“This power... how could there be a master like that in the Human Race?”

The three demon experts were all Heaven Ascension existences. They originally wanted to fight back, but the moment that Ye Qingyu made a move, they immediately felt a vast force, which simply did not seem to be a power of the human world. All of a sudden, every one of them turned pale with fear, flashing away as a stream of flowing light towards different directions, attempting to escape.

“Escape? You think you can escape?”

Ye Qingyu sneered. He evidently would not give these guys the chance to flee.

The next second, the huge palm of his yuan qi hand had turned into a silver spot of light, like a net, instantly filling the hidden chamber.

Bang, bang, bang!

On the four walls of the cave on the other end of the crack, there were sounds of several heavy objects striking one another.

The three streams of flowing light that were fleeing in disarray were halted abruptly.

The three Demon Race experts were in utter shock.

The four walls of the cave were emitting a faint silver halo of light, and a thin silver-white boundary was faintly visible.

“Damn, a prohibition law?”

“What kind of power is this?”

“Who, who is that? How can there by such a master in Youyan Pass?”

They roared in panic and disarray.

Ye Qingyu coldly smiled, slowly drawing his right hand to a close.

The silvery white boundaries of the hidden chamber were rapidly narrowing, like a net that had begun to shrink. An incomparably strong pressure pressed down at the middle of the chamber and the three demons did all they could to withstand. They wanted to break through the boundary, but were terrified to find that their power in front of this silver net was like a needle in the ocean. It was of no use at all.

“No!”

“The Demon God...”

During their roars of panic, the three great demon experts no longer had the slightest room to resist. They were squeezed together by the boundary, like chickens and ducks being pushed into a small cage.

Ye Qingyu gently pulled his arm back.

The invisible mighty force surged, and the three demon experts at the other end of the crack were dragged into the hut all of a sudden and tossed onto the ground like pieces of rubbish.

The crack in the air rippled in a wave-like pattern, fading gradually.

The whole process, although seemingly long, was actually completed in less than five seconds

The three great demon experts attempted to struggle, only to find that, in their own body, there was a terrifying icy-cold power, like formation markings, shuttling between their meridians and bones, completely sealing off their demonic aura and demonic strength.

“Too great.”

“Finally, found them.”

“There should be more associates.”

Lu Zhaoge and the others were overjoyed

At this time they were made thoroughly aware of just how frightening Ye Qingyu's current strength was.

The situation that they were unable to do anything about was easily settled by Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu swept a cold glance over the three people, his gaze as sharp as an arrow, terrifying the three people to the point that they were petrified to retreat. They had already lost complete control of their body; their powers were completely blocked off by Ye Qingyu, and did not have the slightest strength to resist. Looking aghast at Ye Qingyu, they were cowering in fear and afraid to even take a deep breath.

There was utter silence in the hut, only the gentle swaying of the willow tree with the wind could be heard.

Lu Zhaoge, Liu Yuqing, and Ye Congyun again recalled what had happened before, and could not help the look of disbelief making its way across their faces. The strength that Ye Qingyu had shown was simply too shocking, simply unheard of.

Back then Ye Qingyu had also once used [Supreme Ice Flame] to help Lu Zhaoge dissolve a dark force within his body, as well as easily forced out the demonic aura within Liu Suifeng's body. The several people present were already mentally prepared, but no one had thought that Ye Qingyu could tear the void and capture someone hundreds of miles away. Such powers were completely beyond the understanding of Lu Zhaoge and the others!

Adding to this, the three people who Ye Qingyu had captured have already had their cultivation sealed. From the faint demonic aura that exuded from their body, Lu Zhaoge was completely certain that these three people were members of the Demon Race experts that had attempted to launch an attack on him, as well as killed Liu Zongyuan and Zhang San. The strength of these three people was extraordinary, being able to successfully escape before his eyes that day and there was nothing that he could do about it. However, Ye Qingyu had surprisingly captured these three people so effortlessly and easily!

Youyan War God Lu Zhaoge revealed a strange look on his face.

He thought of the man back then.

Ye Qingyu indifferently looked at the three huge demon experts before him, asking coldly, “You are one of the awakened Ancient Demons?”

He once read in some ancient text that the rise of the Snow Empire ended the era of sects, and demon courts also subsequently appeared. The sacred lands of some of the Ancient Demonn Races deteriorated, and many Ancient Demon Races had chosen to sleep, freezing themselves, and stopped the effect of time on their own body, in order to prolong their lives, waiting for the right time to reappear and dominate the world once again.

Since these demons had never appeared in the records of the Snow Empire, and spoke the language of Ancient Demons, it all suggested that they should be the legendary Ancient Demons.

Of course, these were all just Ye Qingyu's speculation.

“You... who are you? Don't ask, we won't tell you.” The elderly demon, who appeared to be the leader, looked panic-stricken at Ye Qingyu, acting fierce while cowardly in his heart.

He was regarded as one of the strongest in the entire territory of the Snow Ground Demon Court, and his two companions were similarly also strong existences. Even the Snow Ground Demon Court could not do anything to them. However, even with the three of them joining forces, they failed to even receive one attack from the youngster before them and were captured right away. Such a reality had completely crumbled their courage.

“It was him who killed General Liu Zongyuan.” Ye Congyu glared at the old demon, flames of hatred shooting out his eyes.

When Ye Qingyu heard these words, a biting cold light flashed in his eyes. The old demon instinctively had a misfortunate feeling. Before he could yell out, there was a burst of cold air erupting within his body, completely destroying his life force. His entire body instantly turned into an ice sculpture, slammed to the ground and shattered into shards of ice. There was not the slightest flesh, blood, or bones remaining, he had completely frozen into ice.

“A life for a life.”

Ye Qingyu glowered at the remaining two demons.

“You... murderous man,” the scholar-like demon expert roared, resentfully staring at Ye Qingyu.

“You stepped into my Youyan Pass, how many people have you killed? You have the face to say that I am a murderous man?” Ye Qingyu shared a glance with the great demon, conveying his fury, then his emotions calmed as he asked, “I’ll ask you again, are you guys the awakened Ancient Demons? Why did you sneak into Youyan Pass, and where did the other Ancient Demons go?”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

