Chapter 1293:


Chapter 1306 - Space-Time-Traversing Micro-Wormholes

The shock in Ye Qingyu's heart became indescribable after he comprehended this all.

It took a long time before he slowly calmed down.

This discovery created new conundrums in his mind.

Since this is what the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss really is, in that case, given that the Black Demon Abyss is one of the twenty-four Chaotic cities, what was the status of the earliest Black Demon Emperor who created the Black Demon Race? Did he know about all this? And what background role does the Black Demon Race play regarding this?

He remembered that the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race once said that the 18th district was not under the control of the Black Demon Race. When she wanted to enter the 18th district, she had to do so via a life gate, and nearly succumbed to the Four Stars Holy Girl's plot in here. Therefore, Ye Qingyu could more or less deduce that the Black Demon Race truly did not understand much about this place. Or perhaps, only the real higher-ups among the race knew a few secrets that nobody else knew.

"Maybe I should pay a visit to the Black Demon Race next."

This idea formed in his mind.

However, he had to be clear about the main objective for now, and that was to find out whether the ruins of the Light capital were still hiding some secrets.

Arriving before a black tombstone, he examined the hole beneath. With a jolt of his thoughts, his divine consciousness turned into a cobweb-like net and extended into the hole.

He wanted to find out where exactly the odd-shaped skeletons suppressed under the black tombstones came from. After all, this place was the ruins of the former Light capital, and thus could not possibly be where these skeletons were buried. There were tens of millions of tombstones and odd-shaped skeletons. Who could be so bored as to spend time burying these dunces here?

Wherever his divine consciousness passed, everything in the black cavern beneath the tombstone was transmitted into Ye Qingyu's mind, as though he saw it personally.

Soon, he revealed a "sure enough" expression on his face.

There were neither caskets nor graves in the depths of the black cavern. After extending several hundred meters downward, the passage led to a place of seemingly nothing, much like a cosmic black hole. It contained an extremely terrifying asphyxiation force, such that most beings would certainly die if they entered.

Ye Qingyu felt that this space of nothingness was probably a transfer station or a space-time-traversing micro-portal through which the odd-shaped skeletons were teleported to here. Subsequently, a path was opened up for them to break through the suppression of the black tombstones and arrive in the ancient Fiendgod City.

What's on the other side of the space-time-traversing micro-portal?

The odd-shaped skeletons' lair?

Or another world?

Ye Qingyu was uncertain.

He tried several times to make his divine consciousness pass through the space-time-traversing micro-portal, but was blocked off each time by a supreme power of laws that was superior to Emperor qi. It had an insurmountable repellent effect on Ye Qingyu's divine consciousness. The more forcefully Ye Qingyu tried to break through, the greater the repellent force grew.

After several attempts, Ye Qingyu had a clear idea of what it was.

This repellent force was not some formation power or being deliberately blocking him off, but was instead a kind of force of universal chaos and an embodiment of the universal laws. It was the entire universe that did not want to allow Ye Qingyu to pass through the space-time-traversing micro-portal and see the world on the other side.

"Perhaps there's truly another world on the other side of this space-time-traversing micro-portal. It's very likely to be the plane in which the Fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time live in."

To forcefully enter another world of a different space-time dimension was a matter of great causality and risk, and was not permitted by the Sky Emperor laws of the universe. Back then, when the Fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time, namely the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, wanted to enter the Vast Thousand Domains, it was only thanks to the reception offered by the "mole" that was the Sky Emperor that they were able to pass through the Gate of Blood.

Moreover, the stronger one was, the harder it was to enter.

The Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others were able to enter in their true forms, but because the Ancient Ghostly Emperor was much stronger than the former, his strength was heavily reduced after entering. As for those beings who were even stronger than the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, only projections of themselves could enter.

This was because the stronger one was, the greater the energy on one's self. And when great energy shifted away from its rightful area and position, the universal order would become muddled, which was something that heaven and earth did not allow.

This was a truth of the martial way, and even Ye Qingyu was not exempted from it.

He was currently also considered an absolute expert in the Vast Thousand Domains, and so for him or even a strand of his divine consciousness to enter would be met with obstruction by the universe.

"In other words, the odd-shaped skeletons came from a different world, and under every tombstone is a space-time-traversing micro-portal that can teleport beings of Emperor-level battle strength or thereabouts. In that case, there are probably thousands upon thousands of space-time-traversing micro-portals linking the Vast Thousand Domains to the other space-time in the ruins of the ancient Fiendgod City. If the Vast Thousand Domains is said to be a domain, then the other space-time constitutes all of the other domains, just like the relationship between the Heaven Wasteland Domain and the other domains."

He inwardly straightened out his train of thought.

He then examined hundreds of other caverns beneath the tombstones in succession, each time making the same discovery as he did in the first cavern.

Were these space-time-traversing micro-wormholes naturally or artificially created?

Perhaps different space-time worlds are just like different domains. After they've grown to a certain degree, they would link up with one another, and would naturally create wormholes in the same way that domains created domain gates.

Eventually, Ye Qingyu walked out of the ancient Fiendgod City.

Proceeding along the narrow main path, he passed by a field of Yellow Springs flowers. Swaying in the wind, the bright-red flowers were brimming with a strange charm that was as sweet as death. Compared to his last visit, these flowers of death seemed to have grown fatter and richer in color.

After passing through this sea of deathly flowers, he arrived at the true entrance of the 18th district's small world.

Inside the small world, all kinds of strange flowers and herbs could be seen everywhere. Any outsider who saw such a divine garden would certainly be excited to the point of madness. Many of these divine herbs had already been lost to the outside world, and were said to only be found during the legendary Fiendgod Age. However, from Ye Qingyu's perspective, they no longer excited him. Firstly, this was because divine herbs were no longer of great value to him, and secondly, because he had seen even more luxuriant herb gardens on several occasions.

He guessed that this place was probably a herb garden created by the former Divine Light Court, and was not destroyed during the battle in which the court collapsed. Having fortunately been preserved until now, it had developed into this state. The formation that surrounded and protected the garden had withstood the test of time, turning the garden into a small world.

The last he came here, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden was still alive. Attracted to the divine herbs, she had a tussle with him over them. At that time, she was cold outside yet warm inside, pure at heart, and very adorable. Unfortunately, she was now already dead, leaving behind only a few wisps of her soul to assuage Ye Qingyu and Song Xiaojun.

Soon, Ye Qingyu arrived before the hill on which a parasol tree once grew.

A weird expression was revealed on his face.

He remembered that during the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's attainment of nirvana the last time, the nearly-withered parasol tree was already damaged, and the few remaining green leaves it had eventually fell off as well. It was supposed to have lost all vitality, yet unexpectedly, on this visit, it had regained some vitality instead, with dozens of jade-green leaves swaying at its top.

"Wonderful."

Ye Qingyu was delighted.

One of his objectives for coming to the 18th district this time was to find the parasol tree while holding on to a glimmer of hope.

The Phoenix Race fell and attained nirvana on divine parasol trees. To the beings of this race, parasol trees symbolize rebirth, and the power contained within them was one of the primary conditions for phoenixes to attain nirvana. During the process of trying to resurrect Liu Shaji, Old Fish and the Ferryman of the Netherworld had both mentioned before that the chances of resurrecting the Celestial Phoenix Maiden would be much higher if a truly living divine parasol tree could be found.

A living parasol tree was right ahead at this time.

Arriving below the parasol tree, Ye Qingyu felt a strange power emanating from it. As the leaves swayed and appeared indeterminately, he reached a hand out to caress the bark of the tree. It was only in this fortunately-surviving herb garden of the Divine Light Court where a divine parasol tree with vitality could be found, whereas such a tree had probably long become extinct anywhere else in the world. This was heaven giving the Celestial Phoenix Maiden a chance.

Releasing power gradually while examining the condition of this parasol tree carefully, he attained not only a thorough understanding of the crown and trunk that he caressed but also the shape of every root hair, the surrounding soil, and such.

Eventually, he tried to move the divine parasol tree. Grabbing hold of the soil and vegetation of the entire hill, he kept them into his dantian world and planted this sparsely-leafed parasol tree directly on the island of the enormous World Tree.

"Hope that the vital force of the World Tree can allow the parasol tree to regain vitality as quickly as possible. Once it flourishes, I can try to resurrect the Celestial Phoenix Maiden."

He heaved a sigh of relief inwardly.

This plan was the result of much deliberation.

Subsequently, he left the small world.

On the way back, he made another strange discovery -

Although he had only spent a few dozen hours in the small world, the field of Yellow Springs flowers seemed to be more luxuriant than before. The petals were even more charming, appearing as if they had been soaked in blood. Wisps of a strange aura diffused from them, turning into a mist that painted the entire field and even the sky in pale red. From afar, this was a sight of transient beauty.

However, Ye Qingyu's instinct informed him that the blossoming of these inauspicious flowers of death probably foretold the coming of a disaster.

He returned to the ruins of the ancient Fiendgod City once more.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1294:


Chapter 1307 - Oddball

Having obtained the divine parasol tree as he wished, Ye Qingyu had fulfilled half of his objectives for coming here.

His attention returned to the ruins of the ancient Fiendgod City. In particular, his interest in this place grew after deducing that this city was the former capital of the Divine Light Court. Aside from the densely-packed black tombstones which he suspected to be belatedly added by Ye Chongsheng, the other constructions, divine statues, palaces, city walls, temples, military camps, etc. all retained some of their former elegance, albeit most of them had been seriously damaged. During the battle back then, this divine king city was all but reduced to ruins, and subsequently, over tens of millions of years, the entire ruins became filled with the dust of history.

Walking among the ruins, Ye Qingyu gradually made a new discovery.

Compared to the former Light capital, these ancient Fiendgod City ruins were evidently much, much smaller. This was because the terrifying battle back then had caused most of the constructions to be turned into ashes. Only a small portion remained as what was now the ancient Fiendgod City ruins.

Ye Qingyu wanted to find out why space-time-traversing micro-wormholes would appear in this area. Was it because the Gate of Blood of back then was related to the four blood formations? He vaguely felt that he was getting closer and closer to the Fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time. As for the calamity of civilization reincarnation that he worried about day and night, it would very likely be brought about by the invaders from a different space-time.

In the present Vast Thousand Domains, aside from the Chaos District outside the borders of the Great Wall of the Dark Realm, these ancient Fiendgod City ruins were undoubtedly the place closest to the invaders from a different space-time.

Eventually, Ye Qingyu made an unexpected discovery in a half-collapsed huge divine temple in the core area of the ancient Fiendgod City ruins.

This half-collapsed temple was the largest building in the ruins, with a giant divine statue on each side of its entrance. On close examination, one could vaguely make out that they were statues of the former Divine Light Emperor holding a sword. Unfortunately, they were already damaged. The long swords had already broken into rocks of several hundred tons each and crashed onto the doors of the temple, while the statues had smashed the dome of the temple.

Entering through the only crack in the doors, Ye Qingyu realized that the interior space of the temple was huge. There were many altars of different sizes, and on each of them stood a different, odd-shaped divine statue. Ye Qingyu had never seen such bizarre sculptures before. For example, there was a man who was clad in red-colored armor but whose chest was glittering in blue. His armor was very weird. There were also a tight-clothed man who was holding a stars-and-stripes round shield, a green-colored giant monster, a three-eyed general who was holding a dog by a leash, a beautiful and kindly woman with a human body and head but a snake's tail, a general who was dragging a tower of gold, and a three-headed, six-armed child who was stepping on a pair of wheels. On a large altar, there were even one hundred and eight humans with different expressions, appearances, and weapons standing upright in a dense arrangement. With one sweeping glance, Ye Qingyu could see that there were three females among these one hundred and eight people, while the rest were males...

"What altar is this? Weird."

He could not quite figure it out.

There was a textual explanation on each altar, but it was neither in the script of the present Vast Thousand Domains nor that of the Fiendgod Age. Instead, it looked rather like the civilized script of the Dark Realm region that was Earth, albeit there were also vast differences between the two. Ye Qingyu was thus unable to discern what was written.

Aside from these altars, the truly valuable discovery was a white-jade statue that stood upright on a core altar at the centermost of the temple. Although this statue was completely consistent in style with the statues on the other altars, its face and figure could not be any more familiar to Ye Qingyu - it was none other than the Divine Light Emperor himself.

A statue of the Divine Light Emperor.

However, this statue was completely different in material from the other statues. Moreover, while the other statues were filled with historical and vicissitudinous auras, and gave off a distinctive ancient feeling that came with age, this statue was completely brand-new, as if it had only been carved the previous day.

"This statue of the Divine Light Emperor is certainly not a product of the age of the Divine Light Court, but is carved by someone of a later age instead. How... is this possible?" Ye Qingyu felt immensely surprised.

As the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss was full of danger, it was absolutely not possible for most people to come in, and they would not have been able to walk down the main path of green tombstones to enter this divine temple either. Even an Emperor would have been greatly troubled by the innumerable odd-shaped skeletons, and would have left marks behind. Things would not be like now, whereby everything in the divine temple was well-preserved, and a new divine statue could be leisurely carved. Moreover, this person even understood the outer appearance of the Divine Light Emperor so well... Who else but the Six Great Divine Generals and Sun Wukong the spirit monkey battle companion would understand and remember the Divine Light Emperor to this extent? The problem was that Ye Qingyu could confirm that they did not know about this being and could not possibly have come here.

In front of the Divine Light Emperor statue was a futon on which was a distinct sit mark, suggesting that it had been sat on for some time. However, it had turned dusty by now, and the person that had sat on it had disappeared without a trace. In front of the futon was a green slabstone table on which was placed nothing but a sword-shaped stone key of approximately two meters in length and half a meter in width that took up almost the entire table.

From directly in front, one could see that the Divine Light Emperor statue's gaze fell upon this key while seemingly pondering over something.

The key was carved and polished from a huge stone using the same carving technique as that used for the statue.

Ye Qingyu could confirm that the person who carved the Divine Light Emperor statue was also the person who carved this key.

After hesitating for a moment, Ye Qingyu took the stone key and weighed it in his hand. He vaguely felt that an elusive force was circulating within.

Keys were generally used to open doors.

Expanding on their significance, keys could also be seen as a symbol of unraveling a mystery.

Ye Qingyu had a strange feeling that the person who carved this key intended to leave this key for him.

Eventually, after repeated considerations, Ye Qingyu kept the key with himself.

Walking another round around the ancient Fiendgod City, he did not make any new discovery and thus left the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss.

Actually, he had inwardly already made a guess regarding the person who carved the Divine Light Emperor statue and the key.

But he could not confirm yet.

Two hours later, he arrived in the Black Demon City of the Black Demon Race.

The city was located in the 12th district, which was the largest and most prosperous area of the Black Demon Abyss. It was one of the main cities in which the descendants of the Black Demon Emperor had lived and bred for generations. It was here where the contemporary Black Demon Emperor and also most of the Black Demon Races and experts resided.

He did not conceal his arrival.

In fact, he even sent word to the Black Demon Race in advance.

The entire Black Demon City was thus shocked.

When news spread, many people tussled for the chance to come forth and catch a glimpse of the contemporary Martial Emperor.

The entire Black Demon Race was worked up.

This was because this was the first time that Ye Qingyu had appeared in public outside Babel City after forcefully crushing the Four Stars Holy Girl and company. Up and down the Black Demon Race, they were worried that this killing god had come to establish dominance. With one thunderous strike, the entire Black Demon Race would probably find it difficult to resist the majesty of the Martial Emperor.

The Black Demon Race welcomed Ye Qingyu's arrival in front of the Demon Palace. In particular, the contemporary Black Demon Emperor and the members of the imperial family were all present. They behaved ceremoniously and solemnly, and dared not be any neglectful.

Only the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race was not the least bit flurried, and was even somewhat expectant instead.

"What's there to be scared of? Ye Qingyu Qingyu is my friend... Uwu...." The Little Princess said with pride.

But before she finished talking, her mouth was covered by her mother, the Black Demon Empress, who had pampered her all along. "My girl, things are different nowadays. You should be a lil' careful about what you say. Don't offend the Immortal God Emperor, you crazy girl..." After all, Ye Qingyu's Emperor title had been publicly declared and spread after he wiped out the Four Stars Holy Girl and her conspirators.

"The young princess is right. I'm her friend." A voice rang out just then.

Ye Qingyu appeared.

"Your Highness, long time no see." Ye Qingyu smiled as he looked at the Little Princess. After giving her a nod, he also nodded at the Black Demon Emperor and Empress. "Your Majesties, I came here without being invited and may have disturbed you. Please do not take offence."

Seeing Ye Qingyu's modest and mild manners, the Black Demon Race collectively heaved a sigh of relief.

"No worries. Our Demon City is honored by Your Highness' presence. Welcome," the Black Demon King replied rather excitedly.

He had realized that Ye Qingyu's arrival and courtesy were an extremely good thing to the Black Demon Race. If word got out, the status of the Black Demon Race in the Vast Thousand Domains would certainly skyrocket - in reality, Quasi-emperors had emerged everywhere with the advent of a golden age of great prosperity, posing a challenge to a traditional large force like the Black Demon Abyss, which had not been peaceful in recent times. This caused his attention to be divided among more things than he could manage, but he believed that all of the dark currents would subside completely with the arrival of the Immortal God Emperor.

This was the power of the contemporary Martial Emperor.

A contingent entered the Demon Palace.

After the reception ended, Ye Qingyu and the young princess talked about old times.

"Where's Sister Phoenix? Have you seen her again?" In contrast to the deferential attitude of the others toward Ye Qingyu, the princess was very open, just like in the past. She looked rather concerned when she mentioned the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, who had rescued her back then. Like sisters, the two of them were similar in temperament and righteousness, and had very deep feelings for each other.

Looking ashamed, Ye Qingyu eventually told the truth.

"Huh? Sister Phoenix..." The Little Princess became tearful and even more sad as she listened. "Actually, Sister Phoenix always liked you a lot. She once paid a huge price for your sake, and even specially went to see you during the final parting..." As the saying goes, besties keep no secrets from each other, and so the Little Princess was most knowledgeable about the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's feelings for Ye Qingyu. Saddened by the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's tragic fate, she asked with tears streaming down her face, "Are you really able to resurrect Sister Phoenix?"

Ye Qingyu nodded. "I'll definitely resurrect her, no matter the price to pay."

It was only now that the princess smiled through her tears. "I believe you. You've always been able to perform miracles."

Subsequently, Ye Qingyu asked the Black Demon Emperor about the 18th district.

The latter revealed the truth after some hesitation, "Actually, the Black Demon Abyss only had 17 districts in the past, and there wasn't an 18th district. This was until an ancestral Black Demon Emperor, during his later years, ran into an oddball who added a new district out of thin air. These secrets are recorded in the imperial books of our race."

"Oddball? What kind of oddball?" Ye Qingyu asked.

"It was an oddball whom nobody knows where he came from and where he went. He was nearly omnipotent. As mighty and world-domineering as our ancestral Black Demon Emperor was, he had to behave as deferentially as a disciple in front of this person. Although we know extremely little about this oddball, we still remember his name." The Black Demon Emperor did not dare to hide anything from a being of Ye Qingyu's level, and thus spoke everything he knew.

"Oh? What's his name?" Ye Qingyu asked.

"Ye Chongsheng."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1295:


Chapter 1308 - Descendant

Hearing this answer, Ye Qingyu was flabbergasted despite having prepared himself mentally long beforehand.

It's Ye Chongsheng indeed.

Looks like my earlier guess was right.

Everything in the Black Demon Abyss was created by Ye Chongsheng.

It was he who engraved the embryonic form of the mysterious rune technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters on the densely-arranged tombstones. By now, Ye Qingyu could basically conclude that the formations were the idea of Ye Chongsheng alone. This was because the black veins on the black tombstones gave a complete account of the entire process of the mysterious formation technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters from embryonic form to perfection. It was imaginable that, back then, Ye Chongsheng had tirelessly carved on the tombstones and eventually developed the complete mysterious formation technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters.

This proved that Ye Chongsheng was a mysterious formation technique expert.

It was thanks to him that the odd-shaped skeletons were suppressed and the ruined city of the former Divine Light Court was turned into the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss... Most evidently, throughout his secretive yet legendary life, he did way more things than the Six Divine Generals and the spirit monkey battle companion Sun Wukong who had assisted him.

After briefly muttering to himself, Ye Qingyu asked, "In that case, the Black Demon Race and this oddball called Ye Chongsheng should go way back. I wonder if you have more detailed records and descriptions of this oddball?"

The contemporary Black Demon Emperor shook his head. "This is all I know. The current records only mention a few things about his life in extremely crude fashion. There are no hints regarding where he came from and where he went..."

Ye Qingyu was rather disappointed upon hearing this.

However, he was certain that the Emperor was not hiding anything. One reason was that the Emperor had neither the courage nor need to hide anything, while the other reason was the fact that the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss had never been under the control of the Black Demon Race, or otherwise, the Little Princess would not have had to pass through the life gate to enter it back then, and even nearly ran into a mishap in there.

By connecting the descriptions of Ye Chongsheng that he obtained from the words of Divine Generals Zhi and Jue and the contemporary Black Demon Emperor to the Ye clan's palace, the mysterious ruins of the ancient city, and more, he became completely aware that Ye Chongsheng was probably hiding secrets regarding the rise and fall of the entire Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm's formation martial civilization, and also regarding how to pull through the calamity of civilization reincarnation. However, all of the clues were incomplete, causing him to become increasingly interested in Ye Chongsheng, like an unbearable itch that he could never scratch away.

Looks like I won't be able to get detailed enough clues from the Black Demon Race.

He was about to leave.

Just then, as if recalling something, the Little Princess opened her mouth and reminded, "Father Emperor, you forgot about a place. The labyrinth might have records of Oddball Ye."

Labyrinth?

Could this be an important place of the Black Demon Race?

Ye Qingyu looked at the Black Demon Emperor.

The latter was taken aback upon hearing this, revealing a look of contemplation before finally nodding his head and explaining, "My little girl has reminded me indeed. The labyrinth is a private palace built by an ancestral Black Demon Emperor. Ever since he passed away, this palace has only been opened once every hundred years. As for what it contains, we aren't very sure either. That's because this labyrinth is far too dangerous, such that even Emperors of our race aren't able to go in at will. Each time it opens, Emperors of our race will enter its outer layer to offer sacrifices to and worship our ancestors. Legend has it that its depths contain the True Will passed on by our ancestral Black Demon Emperors, as well as books from ancient times. By now, these secret books have become covered in dust and darkness, and haven't been flipped through by us descendants for a long time. I dare not confirm whether they really contain records of that oddball Ye Chongsheng."

Hearing this, a sense of expectation arose in Ye Qingyu's heart.

Since the labyrinth is related to the Black Demon Emperors and is so mysterious and ancient, it might indeed have answers.

"I wonder, will you allow me to enter the labyrinth to take a look?" He asked and then added, "I don't wish to be imposing, but this oddball called Ye Chongsheng has great implications for the entire Vast Thousand Domains. I'm willing to compensate the Black Demon Race if you allow me to enter and take a look. Also, I won't tell any outsider about what's inside."

Since it was a place of sacrifice for the Black Demon Race, it was likely to be a forbidden area that was considered most sacred by them and that was barred to foreigners. This was why Ye Qingyu mentioned compensation.

Guffawing, the Black Demon Emperor said most openly, "Your Highness, what are you talking about? There's definitely no problem if you want to take a look. However, the labyrinth only opens once every hundred years, and today's not a day of opening. You'll have to find your own way in."

Ye Qingyu nodded and acknowledged, "Thank you so much."

Subsequently, led by the Black Demon Emperor and his entourage, Ye Qingyu passed through dozens of sentry posts and checkpoints of the Black Demon Race. Along the way, he could not help sighing inwardly. After all, as a contemporary imperial race, the Black Demon Race's foundations were not to be underestimated. After fifteen minutes or so, the entourage arrived before the so-called labyrinth.

Raising his head and looking, a hint of astonishment flashed across his eyes.

This was because he discovered that the so-called labyrinth was exactly identical in style to the central divine temple he saw in the ruins of the ancient Fiendgod City. Even the two enormous sword-holding divine statues, which were taller than the palace itself, standing erect at the main entrance of the labyrinth had the appearance of the Divine Light Emperor, looking true to life.

Seeing that Ye Qingyu was examining the labyrinth with an astonished look in his eyes, the Black Demon Emperor thought that the former was surprised by the magnificent yet simple style of the labyrinth. "An ancestor of our race once said that this palace could be the only ancient-style building from the Fiendgod Age that was preserved intact. In particular, these two statues at the entrance are said to be modelled after someone, a being that ruled the world before the Fiendgod Age."

Ye Qingyu nodded without saying anything.

It was highly evident that the Black Demon Race did not know who the divine statues were of, and neither did they know about the Divine Light Emperor, who once stood at the pinnacle of the martial way of the entire world and was unrivalled for tens of millions of years.

Ascending the steps, Ye Qingyu arrived before the doors of the labyrinth.

He felt a strange aura.

There seemed to be something peculiar in this labyrinth that was silently calling him.

He felt slightly shocked when his eyes fell upon the doors of the labyrinth.

This was because at the seam between the two black doors was an odd-shaped dent of two meters in length and half a meter in width. It was not hard to see that this dent was in the shape of a key. Moreover, the profile of the key teeth and the shape of the dent were identical to that of the key he obtained from the abandoned divine temple of strange altars in the 18th district of the ancient Fiendgod City.

"Could it be that these doors can be opened using that key?"

Feeling a jolt in his heart, he decided to give it a try.

Walking up to the doors, he grabbed at the void with one hand and pulled out a key from among the faint glimmer.

Behind him, the Black Demon Emperor's countenance changed when he saw the key. He looked at Ye Qingyu with an incredulous expression and exclaimed in a quivering voice, "Your Highness, is this... the Labyrinth Key? You actually have the Labyrinth Key?"

Ye Qingyu never had any intention of hiding this from the Black Demon Race. Although the key was in his hand, this labyrinth was the Black Demon Race's place of ancestral sacrifice after all. Turning around, he looked at the shocked and agitated Emperor and asked, "Labyrinth Key? You know about this key?"

The latter nodded repeatedly and said eagerly, "An ancestor of our race once said that while the labyrinth has a key, Ye Chongsheng took it away when he left. This is why our race has been unable to enter. There's a prophecy that Ye Chongsheng's descendant will return with the key, and, when that time comes, the true secrets and treasures in the labyrinth would see the light of day once again. Also, the labyrinth will thereafter truly belong to the Black Demon Race. All these years, we've always been waiting for Oddball Ye's descendant to come forth with this key, until today... Your Highness, are you Oddball Ye's descendant?"

Ye Chongsheng's descendant?

Ye Qingyu shook his head. "I only obtained this key by coincidence, and only took it out because I felt that the key mark on the doors was familiar..." As he spoke, his heart abruptly twitched. Seemingly realizing something, he did not say anything further.

Could it be that all of this was Ye Chongsheng's plan?

Perhaps he had long calculated that this key would fall into my hands?

Do I actually count as a "descendant"?

Hearing this, the Black Demon Emperor was not too disappointed. "With the Labyrinth Key, you can certainly open the labyrinth. Go ahead, Your Highness."

Nodding, Ye Qingyu did a brief examination before he placed the key into the mark on the doors.

Click!

The key embedded perfectly.

As a mechanical sound rang out, some mechanisms inside the doors interlocked. Subsequently, the key fitted perfectly with the doors, causing all of the seams to disappear. The doors then gave off a soft and milk-white brilliance that shone upon Ye Qingyu's body, eventually turning into a silver starlight-like glow that suspended above his head.

He reached a hand out and pushed the doors.

They opened with a loud bang.

Ye Qingyu walked toward the interior of the labyrinth.

After walking a few steps, he turned around to look at the Black Demon Emperor and the others, and realized that they were still waiting patiently at the bottom of the stone steps, with no intention of following him. He asked in surprise, "Your Highness, are you not going to follow me in?"

The Emperor shook his head. "The labyrinth contains secrets of Oddball Ye. In heeding our ancestors' advice, we cannot enter. It won't be too late for us to enter after you've found the answers you need, Your Highness."

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu was briefly taken aback before he nodded his head and turned around to walk toward the depths of the labyrinth.

The starlight glow continued to suspend above his head, chasing away the darkness in the labyrinth.

For some reason, he suddenly felt an unprecedented nervousness.

A feeling like that of blood connection calling out from the depths of the labyrinth.

He had a premonition that the answer to a huge secret was waiting for him ahead.

That this answer would be revealed as soon as he entered the depths of the labyrinth.

However, he suddenly felt a little hesitant at this time.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1296:


Chapter 1309 - I'm Called Ye Chongsheng

The Black Demon Emperor and the others were waiting patiently outside the labyrinth.

It had already been some time since Ye Qingyu entered.

Although there were many doubts in the Emperor's heart, he did not ask Ye Qingyu about them.

The last time the latter came to the Black Demon Abyss, he was only an insignificant character who struggled hard for the sake of the Heaven Wasteland Domain's grading test. Now, however, he was already the Immortal God Emperor whose orders nobody in the world dared to disobey. Wherever the prestigious name of the contemporary Martial Emperor was spread to, everyone there would submit. In recent times, the Black Demon Race had been paying great attention to the situation in the outside world, and so the Black Demon Emperor knew that the Water Moon Domain and others had been enemies with the Heaven Wasteland Domain during the age of the Four Stars Holy Girl's alliance of Quasi-emperors. The people who had secretly done a few dark things had turned themselves in one after another without the Heaven Wasteland Empire doing anything, such that all enemies had already yielded.

As he thought about this, the Black Demon Emperor could not help feeling that his young daughter was truly a lucky star.

If it was not for her, the Black Demon Abyss naturally could not have obtained a favorable position and been so close to the Immortal God Emperor.
If only my daughter can marry the Immortal God Emperor...
This idea popped up in the Emperor's mind, but he quickly shook his head. After all, as the Emperor of an imperial race, he could not do something as shameless as offering his daughter up. Besides, the Immortal God Emperor and the Little Princess could be considered old friends whose relations were fairly deep. If he did something like this, it might end up backfiring and be worse than letting things take their natural course.

After all, the fact that he could rise to become the sovereign of the Black Demon Race showed that he was certainly not lacking in temperament and wisdom.

In truth, he still had a huge doubt in his mind, and that was whether Ye Qingyu was really a descendant of Ye Chongsheng.

He believed that this was probably so.

Thinking it over, he felt that it was absolutely impossible for someone like Ye Qingyu, who emerged from a low-level domain, to defeat all of the Heaven's pridelings and contenders along the way and to crush the current age so invincibly without receiving inheritance. Just as a true dragon could not possibly grow in a small mire, a Martial Emperor could not possibly grow in a small domain like the Heaven Wasteland. The only explanation was that Ye Qingyu had a miraculous encounter outside the Heaven Wasteland Domain, and was only thus able to become a Martial Emperor in such a short time. This kind of miraculous encounter would definitely be world-shocking. After further contemplation, he felt that everything would make perfect sense if Ye Qingyu was Oddball Ye Chongsheng's descendant.

...

...

In the core area of the labyrinth.

Ye Qingyu was looking at a body ahead, the shock in his heart indescribable.

The thing that surprised him was that there were neither mind-blowing riches and treasures nor divine weapons at the center of the labyrinth. Instead, it seemed more like the living room of an ordinary family. It was lit up in a soft milk-white color, and was furnished with household furniture such as beds, tables, chairs, futons, paintings, and writing brushes, appearing solemn and soothing in a simple and elegant three-room layout.

A few pieces of furniture were oddly shaped and seemed rather like appliances from the ancient earthly civilization of the Dark Realm's Earth Province. For example, some of the lamps that were hung at the middlemost of the ceiling were somewhat similar to the "electric lights"of the Earth Province's civilization, albeit they appeared much more archaic and crude. Many of the other furniture were carved from milk-white stones. Although they looked good, they had no practical functions. The words carved on them were also similar to those of the earthly civilization, but were identical to those carved on the altars of the divine temple in the ruins of the ancient city in the 18th district. Ye Qingyu could even conclude that these words were carved by the same person.

By this time, everything was almost certain.

Ye Qingyu's earlier guess was right.

Indeed, everything in the ancient Fiendgod City was Ye Chongsheng's creation.

Subsequently, Ye Qingyu saw a body in the hall in the middle of the three rooms - it was a figure who was wearing a simple cotton gown and sitting quietly on a futon, with a head of black hair that was approximately an inch long. From behind, he looked big and tall, and possessed a solemn and upright bearing even though he was sitting quietly. On first sight, Ye Qingyu felt that this figure resembled someone greatly.

He slowly walked to the front side of the person.

With one look, the shock in his heart became apparent.

The Divine Light Emperor?

This body actually has the appearance of the Divine Light Emperor?

This was truly a body of blood and flesh. Although it did not have any aura, vitality, or energy, Ye Qingyu could confirm that it was truly a body of blood and flesh, and not a formation illusion or a statue carved from other materials. Upon careful examination, he discovered that it was completely identical in looks to the Divine Light Emperor that he saw in Lan Tian's memory world. The only difference was that it was not wearing armor but a cotton gown instead, making it look a little less murderous and a little more solemn.

Why would the Divine Light Emperor's physical body be in a labyrinth created by Ye Chongsheng?

This is an actual physical body for sure.

Ye Qingyu clearly remembered the ending he saw in the memory world of Lan Tian's body, whereby the Divine Light Emperor's physical body turned into rays of light and completely disappeared among the tiny world of light.

Why would it appear here now?

If the Divine Light Emperor's physical body is here, then where did Ye Chongsheng go?

According to the Black Demon Emperor, this labyrinth was an important place built by Ye Chongsheng. But why isn't there a single trace of him here?

He felt his mind becoming clouded by a fog that could not be gotten rid of.

An unprecedented idea suddenly flashed across his mind, one that could not be any more shocking. His body became as if struck by lightning, and even his breath became short.

Surely not?

Is it really so?

He stared hard at the physical body of the Divine Light Emperor as if he wanted to see through it.

Just then, the silver glowing ball of light that had suspended above his head all this time dove into the Divine Light Emperor's body as swiftly as a swallow returning to its nest. This startled Ye Qingyu. Indeed, the next moment, something incredible happened...

The body slowly opened its eyes.

Absurdly shocked, Ye Qingyu stepped back immediately.

This was all too bizarre. Uncertain of what danger there might be, the Emperor qi throughout his body became agitated, and he became most vigilant.

"Aha..." The body moved, slowly stretching its arms in the laziest of postures, while the expression on its face became vivid.

It's alive!

This body has regained life.

Ye Qingyu's heart leapt wildly.

What's going on?

Has the Divine Light Emperor resurrected?

Amazed that such an eternally incredible thing would happen in front of his eyes, Ye Qingyu's mind became all but blank. Despite how advanced his cultivation and temperament were now, he could not restrain the palpitations in his heart. This was simply a moment of witnessing an unimaginable historical myth.

"Ughhh..." The "Divine Light Emperor" patted his mouth and made a series of weird noises and amusingly casual actions. Thereafter, he took a look at Ye Qingyu and did not appear surprised at all. Laughing, he said, "Good, you're finally here. What age is it out there right now?"

Ye Qingyu was speechless.

It seems as if the "Divine Light Emperor" has long known that I will come, and that it will definitely be me, this... Can it be that everything is within his calculations? This is too scary. Is he able to foresee everything?"

"You look very amazed." The "Divine Light Emperor" sized Ye Qingyu up and nodded gently, revealing a rare teasing expression on his face and laughing. "But that's to be expected. You must've found out about the identity of my current body from Lan Tian, am I right? Hahaha, don't worry, I don't bear you any malice at all, and will never have any intention of plotting against you."

Although he laughed as he spoke, his expression could not be any more sincere.

By this time, Ye Qingyu had already calmed down slowly.

This was because he discovered that the "Divine Light Emperor" in front of him did not have any vitality, aura, or energy. This physical body was nothing but a physical body. Moreover, he could discern that it was not the case that the "Divine Light Emperor" was using his profound cultivation to conceal his aura, but instead that the body simply did not have any energy or aura, much like a being of nothingness.

"You... Ancestor... seem to have long foreseen that I will come?" Ye Qingyu asked, restraining his inner surprise.

"But of course. Of course I knew. You see, everything here was prepared for you." The "Divine Light Emperor" nodded nonchalantly.

"You... know me?" Ye Qingyu's inner doubts grew.

"I don't know you, but I knew that you'll come here." The words of the "Divine Light Emperor" were most far-fetched. "Only you can come here, and the key only has significance when it's in your hands. Nobody else could've opened the doors of the labyrinth."

"This... why?" Ye Qingyu was quite confused.

Is it because of the techniques I cultivated, or because of my bodily blood relations?

Could it be that... I have some kind of amazing connection to the Divine Light Emperor?

The "Divine Light Emperor" before him did not have the demeanor of an ancestral leader at all. Aside from his looks, he was completely different from the image of the Divine Light Emperor that Ye Qingyu saw in Lan Tian's memory world, whether in terms of his expressions, his words, or his behaviors. Moreover, he appeared to be rather weird. If not for his looks, Ye Qingyu would really have thought that they were two different people.

Ye Qingyu became doubtful.

Is this person really the Divine Light Emperor?

As if he knew what Ye Qingyu was thinking about, the "Divine Light Emperor" smiled and said, "I guess that you must be wondering whether I'm really the person who once led the Divine Light Court, am I right?"

Ye Qingyu nodded and waited for an answer.

The "Divine Light Emperor" guffawed. "No."

No?

A "sure enough" thought formed in Ye Qingyu's mind. However, he felt that things were even weirder now.
If he isn't the Divine Light Emperor, then who is he? Why does he look completely alike with the Divine Light Emperor?

"Hahaha..." The person before him laughed out loud once more. "Are you now thinking about asking me who I am if I'm not the Divine Light Emperor?"

Ye Qingyu nodded again.

The person laughed mysteriously. "You should have heard my name before... I'm called... Ye Chongsheng!"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

