Chapter 981:


Chapter 997 – Enemies Meet (1)


"This person is the famous lord of Chang Ge Hall, Tan Yanzi!" Li Shengyan introduced a female Human Race Saint.

"We've long heard of your name at Chang Ge Hall," said a woman with a gentle and soft voice that sounded like a softly murmuring stream. She looked about thirty years of age and she was a beautiful woman with smooth and fair skin. Her teeth were like melon seeds while her skin was like cream. Her eyes were bright and lively, like moonlight reflected on clear springs. Her blue silk skirts embroidered with cloud patterns were elaborate but elegant and her hair was adorned with red agate and green jade ornaments which made her look even more graceful and noble.

"Greetings, Senior Tan Yanzi," Ye Qingyu said with a smile and cupped his hands in greeting.

Then, Li Shengyan introduced two more powerful Human Race seniors to Ye Qingyu and they were the master of Lightning Spirit Valley, Ye Jueqian and the master of the Towering Cliff Sect, Huang Ye.

Ye Jueqian looked around forty to fifty years of age and he was very burly with muscular limbs. His eyes were like bull’s eyes, his nose was bulbous, his face was angular and his hair was cropped short. He gave off a plucky and unrestrained air that was similar to Hu Bugui, and Ye Qingyu liked him immediately. The master of the Towering Cliff Sect, Huang Ye was a wizened old man with deep wrinkles on his forehead which seemed to be marks of time left on his face. His eyes were as cold and calm as the winter stars but his aura was much weaker than the rest and his face was slightly pale. Clearly, he had spent a lot of energy to get past the Life and Death Platform and there were still many bloodstains and injuries on his robes.

Ye Qingyu greeted them one at a time.

These seniors that Li Shengyan had introduced him to were all highly regarded and very influential in the Human Race. The forces and sects they belonged to were extremely rich in resources, had a long legacy and outstanding status, and were all very prestigious and reputable forces. They were considered amongst the top Human Race forces in terms of power and influence throughout the myriad domains.

Most importantly, the Human Race experts who were with Li Shengyan had definitely received the approval of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and were the true cornerstones of the Human Race sects throughout the Vast Thousand Domains today. Li Shengyan had confidently introduced him to them because they were people whom he could trust and depend on and were completely different from people like the Greater One Spiritual Master and Thousand Illusion Elder.

Ye Qingyu was well aware of that fact.

These Human Race experts were also aware of Ye Qingyu's reputation.

Ye Qingyu's feats of battle along the Road of Chaos were unparalleled and outstanding and now that he was promoted to become the Third Deputy Spokesperson of the Human Race, his current status, strength, and cultivation were very impressive. Furthermore, he was someone who had received the recognition of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], so they spoke to him as though he was their peer.

After they were all introduced to each other, they started speaking casually amongst themselves.

Those who had made it this far were all the top experts and the forces they represented could not be underestimated. They also each had their own motives for coming to the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor but after chatting with them for a while, Ye Qingyu looked a little distracted.

He kept looking back at the group of people who were waiting behind, as though he was searching for something.

As time passed, more and more people continually arrived at the bone platform through the path of bones.

Ye Qingyu grew a little anxious and would often look backward.

"Brother, what are you looking for?" Li Shengyan asked as he followed his gaze.

'Fatty, since you were here earlier than I was, did you happen to see a boorish Human Race man who is tall and bearded, clad in clothes that are full of mended patches, and a… small white dog?" Ye Qingyu asked.

The million-year-old soul had made multiple guarantees but he still worried about the safety of Hu Bugui and Little Nine.

If they hadn’t encountered any danger, Hu Bugui and Little Nine should have arrived at the bone platform by this time.

The other passengers on the same boat, including the Four Stars holy girl, Thousand Illusion Elder and Orchid Saintess, were all absent too. He didn't know whether they were dead or alive.

"Boorish bearded man? A small white dog?" Li Shengyan scratched his bald head and shook his head. "All the Human Race experts who have made it to the mountains of bones are all here. I didn’t see the boorish man you mentioned. As for the small white dog, I don't think I've seen it either. Are they your friends who undertook this journey with you?”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

Old Hu Bugui and Little Nine shouldn't have met with danger but they might not necessarily come here. They would probably each have another chance waiting for them.

Li Shengyan was surprised when he saw how anxious Ye Qingyu was, then he turned to the other Human Races and foreign races to ask around. After he returned, he said, "Brother, no one has seen the man and dog you mentioned earlier. I don't think they've arrived here yet."

Everyone throughout the Vast Thousand Domains knew that Li Shengyan was a descendant of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and could be considered the spokesperson of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. Therefore, they would treat him with respect and were probably telling the truth.

Ye Qingyu could only let this matter slide for now.

He shook his head to rid himself of all distracting thoughts and carefully observed his surroundings. Then he said, "Since everyone has gathered here, what are we waiting for?"

Li Shengyan laughed and said conspiratorially, "Look in front of you."

Ye Qingyu was slightly stunned, then he looked ahead.

There was nothing below the bone platform and demon qi swirled like a sea of clouds. Approximately around a thousand meters from the 'sea of clouds' was a huge black gate.

Ye Qingyu had been too distracted earlier. He had greeted Li Shengyan and worried about the safety of Hu Bugui and Little Nine, so he failed to notice the existence of this gate. When he spotted it earlier in his peripheral vision, he had assumed it was a black mountain range. Upon taking a closer look, he was shocked to discover that it was a huge black gate that was tens of thousands of meters tall and looked as though it had been standing there for ages. It was as black as ink and the more he looked at it, the more it seemed like the end of the world. It blocked out everything ahead of him and he didn't realize it initially but the more he looked, the more alarmed he was since it seemed like all he could see in front of him was this gate.

Ye Qingyu shook his head and looked away.

He recognized the obstruction as some kind of power of laws.

This gate stopped them all from entering another world.

If this gate didn't open, no one could enter the other world.

This was a terrifying act.

He finally understood why all these experts were waiting idly around instead of moving forward.

The reason was simple -

He just couldn't go back.

This gate blocked everyone else's path

He guessed that even if a Quasi-emperor was present, he would also be unable to walk past the gate.

"He he he, as you can see, there is a huge gate ahead of you and even Immortals might not be able to leap past it. Therefore, everyone was forced to wait outside. There were rumors earlier that this gate is the legendary Gate to the Demon Domain. We’re now all waiting for the fog to dissipate, then the gates will automatically open and we would be able to step into the true heart of the Reincarnation Hall."

"True heart of the Reincarnation Hall?" Ye Qingyu said as realization dawned.

In other words, was he saying that the tests that they had encountered along the way, including the various divine temples and treasures at the maze corridors were all not the true heart of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor?

Li Shengyan looked as though he was very well-informed and continued sagely, "He he, I bet you didn't know this but not anybody would be able to have the chance to encounter the true works of the Chaos Demon Emperor. The palaces and tests you've been through earlier were all designed by the Chaos Demon Emperor to weed out the useless beings who aren't qualified to enter the Gate to the Demon Domain. When I arrived here earlier, I heard from several seniors that this door is about to open anytime soon."

He finally understood that whatever Hu Bugui, Little Nine and himself had encountered earlier were all tests designed by the Chaos Demon Emperor. They would only have the opportunity to encounter the legendary true opportunities and chance of become Emperor if they managed to make it this far.

He thought for a moment before he asked, "What lies behind the Gate to the Demon Domain?"

Ye Qingyu knew that Li Shengyan had probably gathered a lot of information based on his tendency to observe and listen carefully.

Before Li Shengyan could answer smugly, the successor of Lightning Spirit Valley, Ye Jueqian suddenly said solemnly, "There are many rumors as to what lies behind the Gate to the Demon Domain. Some say that there are ultimate treasures while others say that there are chances and opportunities. It was also rumored that the Demon Emperor Reincarnation Demon Scriptures that lie behind those gates are the records of the mysterious techniques used by the Chaos Demon Emperor to reincarnate as well as the profound mysteries of his ninety-nine reincarnations. It is an authentic ancient relic and an Emperor's Scriptures that contain the knowledge gleaned from his completion of the martial way. The Quasi-emperors who have entered the Reincarnation Hall this time are all after these scriptures."

Demon Emperor Reincarnation Demon Scriptures?

This was his first time hearing of this.

"Could the rumored chance to become Emperor be referring to this set of Demon Scriptures?" Ye Qingyu asked casually.

The seniors beside him shook their heads, as though they weren't certain either.

The only exception was Li Shengyan who shook his head with certainty and his fat cheeks also jiggled as he moved. He said seriously, "That's not true. The mysterious technique within the Demon Scriptures is the emperor's road records of the Chaos Demon Emperor. It could be considered the ultimate treasure in this universe and the legacy of his emperor's road is matchless. However, it can't be used as a chance to become emperor since if the future generations tread down the same path as the previous owner of this legacy, they would only become a Quasi-emperor at best since they are just parroting the actions of others. Historically, every Emperor of the martial way had forged their own path and not become Emperors through the legacy of others. Secondly, the Quasi-emperor’s who are present here come with their own individual legacies and martial ways that have been refined to perfection over time and experience. They can't possibly destroy their Quasi-emperor cultivation to start from the very beginning because of the contents of the Demon Scripture. Therefore, I can conclude that the so-called chance to become an Emperor isn't the Demon Scriptures."

Ye Qingyu nodded as though realization had just dawned.

These words had almost exactly mirrored the million-year-old soul's words at the Greater One Mountain Range.

Ye Qingyu knew that Li Shengyan had probably heard this news from [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

It seemed like the zone behind the Gate to the Demon Domain seemed to contain many divine treasures.

Besides the Demon Scriptures, the Immortal Body that the million-year-old soul had mentioned was probably inside too.

Ye Qingyu speculated.

"Looking at the time, the demon qi fog should dissipate soon. I guess the Gate to the Demon Domain is about to open," Li Shengyan sounded a little excited.

Tan Yanzi and the rest were also a little restless after spending such a long time staring at the gate since they arrived on the bone platform.

As they spoke, there was a movement down below on the path of bones.

A figure clad in black Daoist robes slowly walked along the path of bones.

Ye Qingyu casually turned to look at the newcomer and his eyes immediately hardened.

It was the Greater One Spiritual Master.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 982:


Chapter 998, Enemies meet (2)

The Greater One Spiritual Master came stepping on the bones.

On the pale white steps, his Taoist robe was fluttering, clothes billowing, black hair dancing wildly, exuding the demeanour of a transcendent being.

Before this, the Greater One Sect had only established a reputation in the Clear River Domain, and was not known in the Vast Thousand Domains. Thus, the Greater One Spiritual Master was not really considered as a top expert. Although he had turned the Clear River Domain upside down, in the entire great wide world he was just a nobody. There were not many people that knew about him, and the many experts who were present today also had never seen him before.

“Huh? Another expert of the Human Race?” Saintess Tan Yanzi was a little surprised.

She didn't expect that there were still Human Race experts strong enough to come all the way here.

The Human Race had performed very powerfully at the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. The number of people who were able to reach the demon gate was greatly beyond expectations. Could this indicate the rise of the Human Race? But in any case, it was still a good sign.

“Huh, it's a Human Race Saint expert, but... his aura is a little strange.” Zhang Wudao frowned slightly.

For a moment he was delighted to see that another Human Race Saint expert had come this far, but the next moment he sensed that something was wrong, because the black-robed man was emitting an extremely bizarre aura all over, which was different from the martial arts of the Human Race, instead makes one feel uncomfortable....

Ye Qingyu didn't speak.

His eyes were fixed on the Greater One Spiritual Master, killing intent surging in his heart.

He didn't expect the Patriarch of the Greater One Sect could come all the way here. From his appearance, he seemed to be traveling alone and had passed through the maze, passageways, underworld sky river and the Life and Death Platform by himself. It looked as though his strength had greatly increased, though was not improved through diligent study. At this moment, there was the aura of the Great Saint realm circulating around him. Could it be that the Greater One Spiritual Master had already become a Great Saint realm expert?

This speed of ascension was a bit shocking.

But he came just at the right time.

Although Nan Tieyi was not present, as his brother, Ye Qingyu absolutely could take his place.

The revenge of the destruction of the Immortal God Emperor Sect and the disappearance of the two hundred children of Heaven Wasteland Domain and Bai Yuanxing all fell on the Greater One Spiritual Master.

Thinking of this, Ye Qingyu's eyes grew sharp.

Very quickly, the Greater One Spiritual Master had already reached the bone platform.

The present him, whose strength had soared, was full of will and spirit as he swept his eyes around. His gaze was full of disdain, and his expression was extremely calm with a hint of arrogance. He had finally achieved what he had been thinking all these years, able to stand alongside the top martial arts experts of the Vast Thousand Domains. This was the Greater One Spiritual Master's goal, and now he had achieved it completely.

On the bone platform, all eyes fell on black-robed Taoist.

The Greater One Spiritual Master smiled, releasing the power of the Great Saint realm, making all experts have a change of countenance.

Nobody expected there to be another Great Saint of the Human Race. Adding to this he was an unknown Great Saint expert. Could the potential of the Human Race be this strong? They usually did not show their talents, but at such a critical moment, there were constantly so many Saint experts appearing. This was not a good sign. Even though the average strength of the Human Race was low, but if there were too many top forces, it would be enough to change the fate of the race.

The Greater One Spiritual Master clearly felt the fear of the experts.

He could no longer suppress the excitement in his heart, bursting into loud laughter.

His sword-like eyes eventually fell on Ye Qingyu, walking over slowly, he smiled, “One can wear out iron shoes in fruitless searching, and yet by a lucky chance one may find the lost thing without even looking. Hahahaha, you didn’t die on the road, good, very good. This shows that your strength didn’t let me down. To tell you the truth, I have been waiting for this day for a long time.”

Upon hearing this, Zhang Wudao, Tan Yanzi and the others all thought the magnificent black-robed Taoist was Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu’s friend.

“How should I address this Taoist friend?” Zhang Wudao greeted him with a smile.

The Greater One Spiritual Master curved his lips when he heard this, but did not respond, still staring at Ye Qingyu.

He now possessed the cultivation base of the Great Saint realm, his strength had greatly enhanced and he had the support of a mysterious person. Thus he was arrogant and could see nothing worthwhile around him. He no longer needed to show forbearance. The present Greater One Spiritual Master did not need to give face to anyone. The Human Race Saint expert called Zhang Wudao, although possessed unfathomable strength, but since he was not a Quasi-emperor, the Greater One Spiritual Master did not attach importance to him or anyone else.

Not to mention that Zhang Wudao was standing together with Ye Qingyu and seemed to have a close relationship with him. The moment that the Greater One Spiritual Master saw him, he had already classified him as Ye Qingyu's friend and his enemy.

“I wonder where this friend is from? It is indeed a blessing that there is another such powerful person in the Human Race.” Tan Yanzi smiled and greeted the Greater One Spiritual Master.

Although her intuition had already told her that the atmosphere was a bit strange, she simply thought that there was a little conflict between this person and Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu, so she tried to defuse the conflict. After all, the arrival of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor had great significance to all races. At such a time, little personal conflicts could be put aside. For people of their status and power, there was nothing that can't be let go completely. The survival of their own race was the most important thing.

“Haha, Ye Qingyu, I didn't think you would have a day like this.” The Greater One Spiritual Master smiled, eyes still fixed on Ye Qingyu, as he said in a mocking tone, “Does the great third deputy envoy of the Human Race hide behind others and don’t dare to come out? Oh, I forgot, hiding behind a woman is what Ye Qingyu does best. Back then you hid behind the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race, hid behind the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, and now you are hiding behind the woman with the surname Tan. It is the same, haha!”

From start to finish, the Greater One Spiritual Master didn't look at anyone else.

He simply paid no attention to Zhang Wudao and Tan Yanzi.

“Hey? Where did this black onion come out from, how could you talk to my brother like that, you...” Fatty Li Shengyan was not someone to be taken lightly. With one glance he knew that the Taoist was not catching up with a friend but here to seek revenge, and immediately erupted with anger.

Ever since [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had come out of the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, the Li family had risen again, and there were not many people that dared to be disrespectful to him.

How could he take this insult?

He had always regarded Ye Qingyu as a brother of him.

But just then, Ye Qingyu patted the fatty on the shoulder, motioning him not to say anything else.

Slowly taking a few steps forward, he gave a cupped fist salute to Zhang Wudao and Tan Yanzi, and said in an apologetic tone, “Seniors, this Taoist and I have a grudge, and enmity with my friend, I will settle this on my own...”

As he was speaking, he turned around, looking at the Greater One Spiritual Master, “One can wear out iron shoes in fruitless searching, and yet by a lucky chance one may find the lost thing without even looking, this sentence is what I want to give to you. You have come at the right time, the destruction of the Immortal God Emperor Sect is the doing of your Greater One Sect?”

“Yes, and so what?” The Greater One Spiritual Master stood with hands clasped behind his back as he sneered, “Those who go against my Greater One Sect will not end well. Haha, they boast that they are Immortal, but it’s just self-deception. They were all turned to ashes under the fire of the Greater One Sect. I heard that the remaining member of the Immortal God Emperor Sect Nan Tieyi is with you, why do I not see him? Has he died at the barrier of the Reincarnation Hall? Haha what an unlucky person, he should have died long ago.”

Ye Qingyu knew that he was deliberately angering him, nodded and asked, “The Greater One Sect is also just a stray dog and had collapsed long ago. You know very well where you got your strength. Speak, what force has been secretly supporting you?”

The Greater One Spiritual Master sneered coldly, “You are destined to be a dead man, why are you asking so much? Oh, I forgot to tell you, your other close friend Liu Shaji, I have already sent him on his way. Haha, and the little mice you sent to Clear River Domain have also been killed, chopped into minced flesh. Hahahaha, take a look at what this is!”

As he was speaking, he made a grabbing motion in the Void.

There was a flash of silver light.

The [White Lotus Immortal Sword] appeared in his hands.

Ye Qingyu trembled when he heard this, and then when he saw the silver sword in the hands of the Greater One Spiritual Master he felt everything darkened in front of him.

He was incredibly familiar with the [White Lotus Immortal Sword], the sword that Liu Shaji always carried with him everywhere, also the most valuable treasure of the White Lotus Sword Sect. But now it was in the hands of the Greater One Spiritual Master. Everything pointed to disaster for Liu Shaji. Previously, he still had a hint of hope when he couldn’t find Liu Shaji’s corpse in the ruins of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, but now it seems... Ye Qingyu's heart went ice-cold.

That gentle and cultivated man, really was... killed?

The voice, face and smile of his old friend was faintly still in front of him.

Ye Qingyu had firmly believed that Liu Shaji would not die young, and would certainly avert the disaster, but who knew that fate was so cruel.

Brother Liu Shaji!

And Yuanxing, Ling'er, Li Ying and Li Qi ...and the two hundred gifted youngsters of
Heaven Wasteland Domain
.

Take care.

Then I will send your enemy on the road to apologize to you in the yellow springs.

“Oh, angry? Furious? Do you feel how I felt back then on the Storm Platform?” The Greater One Spiritual Master laughed cruelly.

He was waiting for this scene, waiting to see Ye Qingyu in pain and suffering, and die at his feet.

“Die!”

Ye Qingyu snapped, transforming into a stream of flowing light.

Killing intent overflowed the sky.

Suddenly across the entire bone platform there was a chill in the air.

Some experts only felt that their weapons were buzzing and vibrating, seemingly going out of control.

In the sky, there were thousands of sparkling snowflakes appearing out of thin air, whirling about, like snow-white spirits leaping in the sky.

On the bone platform, there were white ice patterns spreading frantically, like vines, like strands of silk, like ice snakes.

In a flash, as the shadow of Ye Qingyu drew nearer to the Greater One Spiritual Master, another change happened. The swirling snowflakes, like ice snakes, suddenly turned into ice swords. The tip of the sword resembled lightning and the force like the shattering of the galaxy, triggering the wrath of the mountains and rivers, setting flames to the sky, and sending the world quaking. Endless violent thunderstorms pelted the Greater One Spiritual Master.

Divine Emperor Sword Will!

Sword domain!

Ye Qingyu acted in fury, using his strongest move.

His eyes were icy cold, the ice sword was chilling, and the murderous force could destroy the heavens and earth.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 983:


Chapter 999, This, is real power

“Haha, if it were in the past, then I would be afraid of you, but now... I'm not the same Feng Wuhen I used to be!”

Facing Ye Qingyu's storm-like attack, the Greater One Spiritual Master burst into loud laughter, with a face full of confidence.

He lifted both his hands, drawing a downward arc with the left, and an upward arc with the right, forming a black and white yin and yang pattern. A layer of black and white chaos light barrier enveloped him, full of indescribable mysteriousness as though he had achieved the Dao, fluttering like a celestial being.

“This man is on the verge of entering the Dao. He is looking into the mandate of Heaven?”

A Great Saint exclaimed.

The other experts also had a change of expression.

The Greater One Spiritual Master, who was overflowing with yin and yang energy, had already surpassed the boundary of an ordinary Great Saint. He seemed to have peeked into the true intent of Heaven and earth, and there was vaguely Emperor qi emitting from him. It really was astonishing.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The yin and yang chaos shield was rippling under the attack of the Divine Emperor Sword Will.

“Haha, the interlocking of light and darkness is what the laws of the world evolved from. I have only succeeded in this remarkable skill today, but it is still impossible for you to break it.” The Greater One Spiritual Master was overflowing with Immortal qi, standing as motionless as a mountain, a calm expression on his face, and his tone of voice full of confidence.

Ye Qingyu was not startled in the slightest.

“[Soul Stealing Heaven Strike]... strike!”

Walking along the ice sword domain, he casually held one of the tens of thousands of Divine Emperor ice swords in the Void, and with a backhand slash, launched out the killing move of the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General]. A tremendous physical strength erupted. The Divine Emperor ice sword struck the [Shield of Yin and Yang Chaos Fish], unleashing a brilliance of divine intent. Unexpectedly it began to break apart inch by inch.

The [Shield of Yin and Yang Chaos Fish] rippled and flashed rapidly, but still did not break.

“Haha, still haven't given up yet?” The Greater One Spiritual Master gave a faint smile. “No matter how many times you try...”

Before his voice faded.

Ye Qingyu's figure flashed, turning into two figures.

The two figures were identical, the expression was the same, and were stretching out their hands in the sword domain at the same time, grasping two ice swords among the tens of thousands of Divine Emperor ice swords. As before it was the [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike], striking the [Shield of Yin and Yang Chaos Fish] almost at the same time. But at the same moment, the divine brilliance was shattered, collapsing once again.

The Greater One Spiritual Master smiled derisively.

But before he could speak, he saw another two figures of Ye Qingyu emerging again, which then turned into four, eight, sixteen, and then thirty-two... In the blink of an eyes, like clones, there were more than hundreds and thousands of Ye Qingyu across the whole Divine Emperor ice sword domain. Each one was lifelike, repeating the previous action, reaching out into the Void to grab an ice sword, and then administered the [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike].

Hundreds and thousands of swords were launched at the [Shield of Yin and Yang Chaos Fish]h at the same time.

Kacha!

Like the sound of broken glass.

While the Greater One Spiritual Master was staring in disbelief like he had eaten a dead mouse, the [Shield of Yin and Yang Chaos Fish] that was claimed to be unbreakable was shattered into fragments, like crushed ice.

“[Storm of Swords]!”

The thousands of figures of Ye Qingyu, like baby swallows returning to a nest at the same time, fused back into one again. With a low roar, he made a move again. Countless rays of Divine Emperor ice sword light were flowing in the sky like silver snakes, before piercing the air like bolts of lightning. The blinding divine light flashed, submerging the Greater One Spiritual Master like a net of slashing swords.

“Ahh...” The Greater One Spiritual Master roared in rage and was about to retaliate.

The chance had already been lost.

Ding!Ding!Ding!

The clatter of metal sounded sharply, countless sparks shooting out of the sword domain, like steel wire being pulled apart.

It sounded as if a silver bottle had burst, splashing water everywhere, and armored riders were clanking their swords and spears in a battle!

In that split second, it was unknown how many swords had clashed, nor how much force had collided. It was simply not what the naked eye could capture.

Then the figures moved past one another.

All of a sudden.

There were flowers of blood sprinkling across the sky.

The black hair that fluttered in the wind was stained with blood.

The Greater One Spiritual Master's black robe was covered with holes, like he had been shot by thousands of arrows. Under the black robe he was similarly riddled with sword marks, faint black blood was seeping out of the sword marks, but were instantly frozen by the icy-cold power of the residual sword intent. He looked extremely miserable, as if he was suffering the death of a thousand cuts.

“This... impossible, the true intent of my yin and yang chaos fish, how would it be broken by you, you...”

The Greater One Spiritual Master no longer had the confident look across his face. His voice was strange, and he was intently staring at Ye Qingyu, unable to understand what had just happened. The true intent of the yin and yang chaos fish was the result of his past two days of inadvertent enlightenment, or rather the product of the fusing of his past hundreds of years of cultivation of the Greater One Sect techniques and the dark force in his body. It should be said that the Greater One Spiritual Master was indeed a martial arts genius. The fusing of the power of light and darkness could be said to be unparalleled, and he had already mastered the path of integration. Moreover, he had been refining his new skill along the way from killing powerful enemies. This technique could be called an Emperor Dao technique, unfortunately it was incomplete and was not truly unbreakable.

His right hand was broken at the elbow.

The broken hand was still gripping onto the [White Lotus Immortal Sword] that was inserted into the bone platform hundreds of meters away.

The silver sword was shaking incessantly.

“Because you’re too weak, you may have the true intent, unfortunately in your hands it is just like a child holding a dagger, how can you unleash its true power? It could easily be broken through with absolute strength. What is there for you to be proud of? Is this your hidden card? You're so ignorant that it's pitiful and ridiculous.”

Ye Qingyu was standing right in front of the sword.

The so-called transforming into thousands was seemingly an astonishing remarkable ability, but in fact was just an illusion created with ultimate speed. It was not a real divine technique. In that split second, there were tens of thousands of movements and thousands of swords that it was impossible to keep up with the speed of Ye Qingyu. It was as though he was reborn. But in terms of time, the thousands of swords were brought down at the [Shield of Yin and Yang Chaos Fish] almost at the same time. As Ye Qingyu had said, he did not break the true intent with true intent, rather he broke the true intent with absolute strength, directly destroying the embryonic Emperor technique that the Greater One Spiritual Master had created, as well as the martial arts momentum, imposing manner and confidence that the Greater One Spiritual Master had build up from the thousands of battles.

As for the following confrontation, it was only right that the Greater One Spiritual Master would be completely suppressed. After all, Ye Qingyu's strongest martial arts lay in swordsmanship and close combat. His physical body was known to be invincible, and his reaction and swordsmanship could be said to be god-like. How could the Greater One Spiritual Master compete against Ye Qingyu?

The Greater One Spiritual Master immediately understood when Ye Qingyu said this.

But he did not want to admit it. “No, the yin and yang chaos contains light and darkness, and is an Emperor technique, it should not be broken, I don't accept it...”

Ye Qingyu simply ignored him.

He stretched one finger out, crushing the broken hand which gripped around the [White Lotus Immortal Sword] handle into powder. He held the familiar sword, pulling it out slowly.

“Emperor technique? You've just peeked into a little superficial knowledge. You’re still a hundred thousand kilometers away from real Emperor technique.”

Ye Qingyu's eyes were fixed on the [White Lotus Immortal Sword] in his hand.

Looking at the sword felt as though he was seeing an old friend.

The images of the past all reappeared in his mind.

Unfortunately, the old friend had flown away on the back of a yellow crane, leaving thousands of white clouds drifting in the sky.

Ye Qingyu knew that he would never again see the handsome and graceful Liu Shaji, who had killed three headmasters on the Storm Platform by himself. He knew he would never hear the White Lotus sword song that resounded across Clear River Domain again. For a moment, he couldn't help the sadness from welling up in his throat.

“Hmph, this little bit of superficial knowledge will sooner or later be evolved into real Emperor technique... Ye Qingyu, you forced me, I’ll let you know what my real strength is.”

The Greater One Spiritual Master seemed to have made some kind of decision, triggered a mysterious prohibition in his body, a painful look coming over his face. Following a loud roar, the dark force in his body began to surge wildly. His whole body suddenly grew a layer of black, bizarre scales, while the characteristics of a human were rapidly fading as those of a beast began to emerge. Within moments, he had completely transformed into a three- or four-meter-tall black lizard demon monster.

Black scales were all over his body.

The sword marks on the surface had disappeared in an instant.

“Haha, I originally didn’t want to use this secret technique... haha, in that case, I'll let you die under real power.”

Before his voice faded.

The lizard monster that the Greater One Spiritual Master had transformed into moved with incredible speed, directly pulling out a black illusory thread in the Void, and aimed his claw at the head of Ye Qingyu.

Exceptionally fast!

All of the experts trembled inwardly at the sight...

The speed... was comparable to a top Great Saint expert.

The monster was surging with violent killing intent, as if he had really become an ancient dark beast. His power had multiplied and the speed was comparable to divine light.

Ye Qingyu still wore an indifferent look on his face.

He was still looking down at the [White Lotus Immortal Sword] in his hand. His left hand was slightly clenched, his arms slightly raised, bent at the waist, and then, he thrust his arm forward.

Ang——!

The resounding cry of a dragon shook the heavens and earth.

This punch was seemingly slow, but had actually happened instantaneously.

From the palm up to his arm, Ye Qingyu was similarly covered in beautiful silver crystal-like scales, glittering with a silver white sheen and radiating a sacred and pure aura. The clenched fist had turned into a dragon fist.

Boom!

There was the sound of a clay statue being broken.

Just as the black monster, which contained tens of millions of pounds of vicious current, was about to insert its claw into Ye Qingyu’s forehead, it had frozen stiff.

“Ao ao ao ao…”

Like the friction noises of two rocks in a ditch, a strange and difficult to understand voice sounded from his throat.

He bowed his head painfully, looking at the fist, which was covered with the silver scales of the Sky Dragon, crushing his heart, with a look of shocked disbelief and despair.

“This is real power?”

Ye Qingyu slowly withdrew his fist from the body of the black monster.

“This, is real power.” Blowing away the black blood that had contaminated the Dragon's fist, he uttered each word loud and clear.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 984:


Chapter 1000, Not only kill

No one had thought that the situation would be reversed in a flash.

Boom!

As Ye Qingyu punched out and drew back, the tremendous body of the lizard monster, which the Greater One Spiritual Master had transformed into, also collapsed.

The tremendous body slammed into the bone platform, causing it to tremble several times, like a heavy mountain had landed on the ground. It was obvious that the body of the black monster was incredibly heavy and the black lizard beast that the Greater One Spiritual Master had transformed into was very powerful. Each bit of muscle, flesh, drop of blood, and even scale, was as heavy as a mountain.

“Hey... you... how could...” The Greater One Spiritual Master still had not snapped out of the shock of defeat.

He after all had reached the Great Saint realm and had absorbed too much essence and blood of experts on the Life and Death Platforms. Even if he was severely wounded he was still alive.

It was just that there were constantly wisps of black mist leaking out of his body, and the tremendous body that he had obtained after the demonic transformation began to shrink little by little. The black scales on his skin gradually faded with the black mist, resuming human skin appearance, but were dried and shriveled, like dried up orange peel.

In a blink of an eye, the Greater One Spiritual Master had resumed his appearance in the past.

But had aged a lot than he used to be.

“Your strength is acquired through devouring and absorbing the power of others, it is not from your hard work and cultivation. Even if you were to obtain more, it is still difficult for it to fully integrate with your own essence, qi and spirit.” Ye Qingyu looked him with an icy cold expression. “Not to mention that I can even defeat a Great Saint. You can only blame yourself for being too weak and showing up in front of me.”

Countless eyes fell on Ye Qingyu with incomparable shock.

The battle just now, from the beginning to the end, had only taken less than half an incense stick of time, but it was really beyond the expectations of all experts. The black-robed Taoist seemed peerless and to have comprehended the yin and yang chaos Emperor technique, but still suffered a defeat in the end. All experts were surprised by the turn of events, and when they looked at Ye Qingyu again, there were more shock and fear in their eyes.

During this period of time, Ye Qingyu’s name did spread across the Road of Chaos, but many of the real top experts only raised their brows in astonishment and did not really take the new appointee of the Human Race seriously. After all, he was only from a new domain, with no great inheritance or background. Adding to this, in the several great battles that Ye Qingyu had become famous for, he was seemingly powerful and remarkable, but in the end he resorted to trickery to win. Moreover, in the great wide world, there had been several geniuses like him before, who surprised everybody for a period of time but were only short lived, and disappeared in a flash. In the long river of history it was not surprising to see a few small waves once in a while.

But what nobody expected was that the fame was indeed well deserved, and Ye Qingyu was not a small wave.

For a moment, everybody were casting sidelong glances of astonishment.

All experts trembled inwardly with fear, their evaluation of the third deputy envoy of the Human Race was suddenly raised countless levels.

On the other side, Li Shengyan, Tan Yanzi and other people finally heaved a sigh of relief when they saw this, especially Tan Yanzi and other Human Race elder experts. Their eyes were lit up with joy and astonishment. After so many years, there was finally a peerless young genius of the Human Race. From Ye Qingyu’s body, they saw the shadow and bearing of the former sages of the Human Race.

“Right and wrong, success and failure are all gone in a flash! I have lost, you can kill me.” The Greater One Spiritual Master had lost all the blood and essence that he had devoured from others. His face was shrivelled up, and he was only left with the Immortal Step realm cultivation base he had before. “But on the road to the underworld, I will not feel lonely. Haha, you also will not live for long. Haha, I will wait for you!”

“You want the man behind you to avenge you?” Ye Qingyu looked at the [White Lotus Immortal Sword] in his hand, and again thought of his old friend. With a look of grief and hatred, he sneered, “You are just a dog. But do you think I would let you die so easily? You killed my good friend, I'm going to make you feel utter misery, you could neither live nor die.”

Before his voice faded away, the snowflakes in the Void instantly fell on the body of the Greater One Spiritual Master, like fragments of iron being pulled by a magnet. At the same time, the ground that was covered in ice, all of a sudden, like silver snakes spitting out venom, quaked violently and the ice fragments pierced into the body of the Greater One Spiritual Master like swords.

“Ah...” The Greater One Spiritual Master let out a tragic scream.

Ye Qingyu was going to use the true intent of the ice swords to torture the Greater One Spiritual Master.

The Greater One Spiritual Master only felt that there were countless silver needles in his body pricking him like thorns. The sharp pain was incomparable. Even if he had ascended to the Saint realm before, unexpectedly also found it unbearably painful, shrieking and struggling tragically like a pig being slaughtered. His eyes were wide with fear, but upon a closer look, deep in his eyes there was not only fear, but also a faint expression of joy. With the help of the struggling state, he lowered his head to conceal his expression.

The experts around them were a bit surprise to see that Ye Qingyu would use such means to torture the Greater One Spiritual Master.

Once stepped into the Saint realm, no matter what blood feud there was it could be ended with death. Killing someone can only award you with a useless dead head. Ye Qingyu had already won and the opponent had no strength to fight back, was there a need to torture the Greater One Spiritual Master like that? There was no real spirit and manner of a martial arts Saint expert.

Even Tan Yanzi and the others slightly frowned.

Although the way that Ye Qingyu handled the matter was from sentiment and reason, he had still fallen to a lower level.

His action was inferior, which meant that his mental state was inadequate.

Those with inadequate mental states would not last long on the road of martial arts.

As a result, the experts’ evaluation of Ye Qingyu was lowered again.

But Ye Qingyu simply paid no attention to what the other people were thinking about him. Under his control, the icy cold qi of the Divine Emperor Sword Will was frantically swimming through the meridians of the Greater One Spiritual Master, as if to completely break him into pieces little by little. His eyes were as cold as Xuan ice, simply did not care about the anguished wailing of the Greater One Spiritual Master.

“It's time.”

Just when everyone thought that the Greater One Spiritual Master would be tortured to death, Ye Qingyu suddenly had a change of expression, stretched out a finger, tapping on the forehead of the Greater One Spiritual Master at lightning speed.

“You...” The screeching of the Greater One Spiritual Master stopped and turned to shock.

Ye Qingyu simply ignored him, a strong power followed along his finger and like a river bursting its banks flooded into the mind of the Greater One Spiritual Master. It directly broke into the sea of knowledge of the Greater One Spiritual Master, forcibly taking his memory.

“No!” The Greater One Spiritual Master roared.

Having one’s memory being forcibly taken and the sea of knowledge being broken through were not something that even a Great Saint expert could bear. The result of the search of memories was not tragic death, but becoming a muddle-headed idiot. He was the Patriarch of a sect, how can he endure such an insult? The faint look of joy hidden in the depths of his eyes vanished like smoke, as he laughed with a face of despair, as though he had made some sort of decision, “Ye Qingyu, so ruthless, you want to take my memory, haha, you’re too naive, I will not let you even if I die...”

But his words came to an abrupt halt, as his face was twisted with extreme shock like he had seen an evil spirit.

He had decided to kill himself, self-destruct his sea of knowledge, and sever Ye Qingyu’s plan, but was shocked to find that it was impossible for him to do so. It should be said that if a martial arts expert wanted to self-destruct their sea of knowledge, even an opponent of several boundaries higher would not be able to stop them, unless it was a Quasi-emperor. However Ye Qingyu was able to. Could it be that he was a Quasi-emperor?

The Greater One Spiritual Master looked like he had seen a ghost, also did not pretend to be in pain anymore.

“Do you think I was really trying to torture you? You can only blame yourself for wanting to survive. When I said I was going to torture you, you were extremely happy inside. As long as you can stall for time, you thought you would have the opportunity to live because soon there will be reinforcements here, right? Haha, so you were howling in pain, but was in fact secretly happy and did not even try to resist.” Ye Qingyu looked at him mockingly, “Do you think my sword intent can only kill?”

“You... you...” The Greater One Spiritual Master finally understood. He was tricked by Ye Qingyu.

The reason he was unable to self-destruct his sea of knowledge lies in the fact that the sword intent had already invaded his body.

He could only lament that he was not only no match for him in strength but also lost to him in shrewdness.

With this, the Greater One Spiritual Master really felt that all hope had turned to dust.

He knew that it was impossible for him to defeat the young man.

In the world, there was nothing more terrifying than this sort of despair.

It would be better to be tortured to death.

But soon, the Greater One Spiritual Master had lost consciousness. His head violently trembled, and then his eyes went white, and was completely without resistance.

In Ye Qingyu's sea of knowledge there were images flashing one after another, like the shadow and light.

These images were the memory of the Greater One Spiritual Master. But at the beginning of a lot of images were not related to what that Ye Qingyu wanted to know, which made Ye Qingyu a little disappointed.

The Immortal God Emperor Sect was wiped out, and Liu Shaji was killed. Ye Qingyu of course will not only stop after killing the Greater One Spiritual Master.

The real murderer was the dark force that supported the Greater One Sect behind the scenes.

When Ye Qingyu saw the [White Lotus Immortal Sword], he had already vowed that, even if he were three feet deep, he would still find the real culprit.

This was why he did everything to take the memory of the Greater One Spiritual Master.

Soon, however, Ye Qingyu’s expression grew serious, because the scenes that flashed next were related to what happened after the Greater One Sect left Clear River Domain. Each and every one of the blurred images was gradually connected. Although the search of memory was not a complete retelling of the past, but by linking these fragments of images, there was still a lot of information, and many things that Ye Qingyu wanted to know.

“What force is this, so mysterious, with these memory images alone, there isn’t much clues...”

Ye Qingyu carefully examined the scenes but was still somewhat puzzled.

Just then, all of a sudden, an image appeared. It was the Greater One Spiritual Master kneeling and kowtowing to an extremely mysterious black figure.

“It’s him.” Ye Qingyu almost screamed out loud. He immediately knew that the black figure was definitely the person he was looking for.

But it was also at this time that the man in black in the memory seemed to have been sensed something, suddenly looked up. His gaze like a solid substance shot out from the memory of the Greater One Spiritual Master, piercing straight into Ye Qingyu’s divine sense like divine light. The gaze contained a terrifying power that seemed like it could see through all things between the heaven and earth.

“Not good”

Ye Qingyu shouted, immediately retracting the finger on the forehead of the Greater One Spiritual Master. He withdrew his divine sense and severed off the connection.

Boom!

At the same moment, the Greater One Spiritual Master's head burst like a watermelon, turning into a pool of red and white liquid——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

