Chapter 245:


Chapter 245 - I believe in you

Xing'er looked at the place where Ye Qingyu had disappeared to, not knowing what to say

Just what had happened.

This Ye Qingyu, what kind of craziness was he having?

Normally he seemed to be quite clever, but why was it that he acted like he was possessed today. His entire person seemed to be listless and slow. Why was it that after he heard that Pass Lord Lu was looking for him, he was like a rabbit that had its tail set on fire, running away rapidly…

Xing'er shook his head, not knowing whether to cry or laugh.

At this moment, he did not know how to respond to Mister Liu as well as Pass Lord Lu.

……

He was finally able to sense Song Xiaojun's aura.

Ye Qingyu's current mood was so excited that he could jump up and down.

He had not even listened to what Xing'er had said. Activating his yuan power to his utmost, as if he had swallowed a shooting star, he shot towards the direction of where he had sensed her aura.

At this time, Ye Qingyu already could not care about anything else. He wanted to immediately see Song Xiaojun.

Xiu!

There was an explosive sound booming throughout the sky.

Under his high speed flight, the clouds of the sky parted as if the clouds had been sliced apart. There was an astonishing rip that appeared in the clouds.

Ye Qingyu's figure was like lightning, descending towards the ground.

Opposite.

The Xian'er and Song Xiaojun who had just walked out from the building had faces of shock as they stared at the Ye Qingyu descending from the sky. Song Xiaojun had just dispelled the illusion formation and walked out after doing battle from the building. As soon as she did so, she saw Ye Qingyu's figure like an arrow leaving the bow appearing in front of her.

She opened her mouth, but no words came out.

It was Xian'er who reacted first.

"What are you doing?" Like a little puppy protecting her food, Xian'er gestured with her dagger, assuming a protective stance in front of Song Xiaojun. There was a threatening growl that came out from her throat as she stared at Ye Qingyu, using a threatening glare. "The person surnamed Ye, you came so quickly. You've disguised yourself well as a good person recently, but when you discovered our true identities, you finally couldn't stop yourself from jumping out. Even if I risk my life today, I won't even let you harm my sister at all!"

Ye Qingyu did not even look at all.

His gaze, ever since he descended, was only focused on Song Xiaojun.

"You're… injured?" Ye Qingyu was able to notice the blood stain at the corner of Song Xiaojun's lips, his complexion greatly changing. Killing intent flickered in his eyes. "Who hurt you, I'll rip them apart… are… you… okay?"

Song Xiaojun looked at Ye Qingyu with a strange expression but still did not say anything.

"Stop pretending…" Xian'er coldly sneered, then said to the Song Xiaojun behind her, "Sister, quickly run this fellow is so cruel and vicious plus we don't know what kind of bad intentions he has. I'll hold him here; sister, you quickly leave. If the other experts of the cities come here, you can't escape anymore…” "I don't have any bad intentions…" Ye Qingyu waved his hand, saying, "What's the matter? Who's chasing after you?" "You want to delay us with your conversation?" Xian'er sneered in disdain. "Your methods are perhaps a little too retarded."

Ye Qingyu took a deep breath in. "There's no need to suspect me. In reality, from the first moment I laid eyes on you, I knew, that you were the girl who joined up with Yan Buhui and launched an attack on Pass Lord Lu. Isn't that right? If I wanted to act against you, I would have long exposed your tracks…"

There was a bizarre glimmer that sparkled in Song Xiaojun's clear eyes.

Ye Qingyu bitterly smiled. "No matter whether you believe me or not, I have to tell you, I don't have any malicious intentions towards you. I can swear to the heavens, no matter what, under whatever situation, I will never ever do anything to harm you. I will forever stand on your side…" As he said to here, he looked at the icy clear eyes of the young girl wearing a crimson red dress. He said slowly, "Believe in me, alright?" "Tut tut tut, you really are lying with your eyes wide open. Whoever believes you really is mentally retarded…" Xian'er laughed at him in an exaggerated fashion.

Ye Qingyu really hated the fact he could not sew this little girl's mouth shut.

This little thing had always been biased against him.

He was about to say even more… "I believe you," Song Xiaojun suddenly opened her mouth.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

"Sister? " Xian'er turned her head to look back at her, her faced filled with disbelief.

Song Xiaojun's expression was still as calm and still as ever was but a faint flush of red flashed by her face. She calmly said, "Therefore, Ye… Ye Qingyu, can we leave now?" "Ah? You can, you can, but your wounds…"

It was hard to believe that this hard and cold Marquis Ye who had faced the elder of the Dragon Tiger sect, the person known as [The Leaf of Youyan] in the Jianghu, when faced with an elegant young girl, would be so helpless.

For the words 'I believe you' to so suddenly be said from anothers mouth, perhaps others would only be saying it to placate him.

But since Song Xiaojun had said it, Ye Qingyu clearly knew that she was being honest.

She really believed in him.

Then Ye Qingyu abruptly realized that when he had rushed here he had alerted countless people. There must be a significant amount of attention that was drawn to here. Once these people followed and discovered Song Xiaojun's tracks…

As this thought occurred to him, there were several strong yuan qi aura that were rapidly approaching.

"There are people coming, lets quickly leave here," Ye Qingyu proposed.

"Wait, it's us, not you." Xian'er pressed her lips together, then dragged Song Xiaojun towards a little alley at the corner of the street.

Ye Qingyu had just lifted his foot.

"Don't follow." Xian'er turned around to glare at him ferociously. "If you really want the best for sister, then help us divert the people chasing after us."

Ye Qingyu's foot that was about to step out was taken aback.

He completely ignored Xian'er's warning.

In reality, Ye Qingyu was too lazy to really care about the provocative actions of this little brat. But the yuan qi auras that were quickly approaching made Ye Qingyu suddenly realize that perhaps he really shouldn't follow them. He should think of a method to divert those people coming here to gather information…

Xian'er assisted Song Xiaojun, bypassing through alley after alley, corner after corner.仙 "That… Ye… Ye Qingyu. Thank you."

As her figure was about to disappear around the corner, Song Xiaojun mysteriously turned her head back and said such words. As she said it, the corner of her lips curled up slightly, a faint and vibrant colour appearing on her cool eyes.

"Eh?"

Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded.

Was she… smiling?

This was the first time, that an expression like a faint smile had appeared on the cold and icy face of Song Xiaojun ever since they had reunited.

This expression, for Ye Qingyu, was equal to seeing a shred of light in a long dark night.

He knew, that his efforts these days had succeeded.

The next instant, Song Xiaojun was dragged away by the Xian'er who seemed as if she had just seen a ghost, turning the corner. There was the exaggerated shout of Xian'er that could be heard.

"It's finished, it's finished. Sister, you really said thanks to that little brat, and you even smiled. Do you know what this means? Sister, I feel that your brain may have been damaged in the battle, we must go back and inspect it…"

The sounds stopped.

There was a flash of ripples.

Song Xiaojun's and Xian'er's aura suddenly disappeared without any traces from the little alley.

Ye Qingyu stood where he was. The smile on his face was like the radiant blossoming of a little flower. It was so pure and innocen that if the Jianghu people saw this scene, it was very likely that their eyeballs would pop out.

When had Demon King Ye had such a pure and harmless smile?

It even seemed somewhat stupid and foolish.

Ten breaths later.

Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!

Figures flickered.

There were continuous figures that appeared, flickering with yuan qi light.

"Marquis Ye?" "So it was the Patrolling sword envoy!" "Marquis Ye, just now…"

There were experts of the military that looked towards Ye Qingyu. They instantly recognized his identity, the serious and grim expressions on their faces disappearing instantly. They greeted him extremely respectfully.

There were also people of the Jianghu that arrived.

But these people's expression completely changed once seeing Ye Qingyu's figure. There were some people that unrolled a scroll, looking at the painting within and comparing it to the person in front of them. Once they compared it, they were so frightened they were trembling, not even daring to say a word, turning and leaving straight away…

Ye Qingyu turned and looked at the crowd, faintly smiling. Clasping his hands, he headed and departed towards another direction.

There were some people that were somewhat befuddled

But anyone could see that Ye Qingyu was in a great mood.

…… ……

After returning to the White Horse tower, Ye Qingyu directly went into isolation training.

Perhaps it was because his mood was unprecedentedly great, his cultivation training went extremely well. The thirty yuan qi Spirit springs completed tens of great cycles within his body, and his cultivation ended after just two hours. The yuan qi that he had expended fighting against White Browed Yu and the others had completely been restored, making him feel filled with vitality.

"The [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King], is extremely suppressive towards opponents of the same level. Otherwise, even if I activated the [First Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way], I would not have easily injured White Browed Yu and the others…" Ye Qing said thoughtfully.

The battle techniques found in the Bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart] were as expected, not ordinary. It seemed simple on the outside, but in battle, it had a frightening power. The sects were known as organizations where their strongest attribute was their inherited battle techniques, but White Browed Yu and the two middle-aged men were nearly completely crushed and trampled over by Ye Qingyu’s moves in one strike.

"No, this sort of technique may not be enough in front of people like Li Qiushui, Wang Yifeng and the others. There are still twenty days till the gathering of the sects, I must work even harder."

Ye Qingyu's heart became more and more tense.

The matters that had undergone today had made him realize that Song Xiaojun was really in a perilous situation. He must quickly work hard to increase his own strength. Only the did he have the requirements to protect her.

At that time, the acute pain in his palm once again acted up.

The power of that fresh drop of blood, once again acted up.

Ye Qingyu looked at his palm.

"En, the time is about right. It’s time to completely extinguish the strange power within this droplet of blood…"

Thinking to the words said between Shopkeeper Sui and Huang Zhen, Ye Qingyu hesitated no longer.

With a thought, thirty Snow Dragon illusions rushed out from within his body.

The drop of blood in his palm swirled around, emitting a piercing light. It floated an inch above Ye Qingyu's palm.

The [Supreme Ice flame] was activated.

A shred of ice light gradually grew from his palm. It was like a little silver sprout were growing from his palm. As the tendrils extended, it seemed to completely seal the strange droplet of blood.

Ye Qingyu closed his eyes in concentration and decided to completely refine this drop of blood in one go

And nearly at the same time.

Pass Lord's residence.

In the wooden house in the rear courtyard.

Liu Siufeng, Peng Yizhen, Zhang San, Mister Liu as well as the higher ups of the [Youyan army], were currently nervously looking at the Lu Zhaoge healing his wounds on the prayer mat. Right now, the great figures that were enough to shake the entire Youyan Pass just by a stamp of their foot, did not even dare to take a loud breath.

The complexion of Lu Zhaoge right now made it seem like he was an entirely different person.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 246:


Chapter 246 - Come back from Death’s door

Although Lu Zhaoge was not anything like a handsome old man previously, but he had occupied such a powerful position for so long. Adding to this was the fact that he had already achieved great success in his martial cultivation; it caused him to radiate an air of authority and prestige. There was an aura of glory radiating around him, and he could definitely be called a person without peers. But right now, this deity of the [Youyan army] was completely withered up, like a dry branch. There was barely any aura of life from him at all, his skin tightly stretched onto his bones. It was as his if entire flesh body has been completely sucked dry by something, causing his entire person to become like a corpse.

Lu Zhaoge was currently using his utmost to activate his yuan power, resisting against the two strange and bizarre powers within his body.

It was only that the golden light previously emitted was currently flickering. Compared to the previous days, this golden light had already diminished significantly.

It was really hard for someone to believe that the old man sitting on that mat like a withered tree was previously the deity of the [Youyan army].

An entire two hours passed.

A jet of blood spat out from Lu Zhaoge's lips.

Boom! When the black-coloured blood landed on the floor, there was a great pit that was instantly made from the erosion. Flames flickered from it, emitting a peculiar aura of evil.

Seeing this scene, Mister Liu, Liu Siufeng and Zhang San were all utterly shocked.

"Big brother, are you okay?" Zhang San was the first to rush over, holding Lu Zhaoge with utmost care.

The other people also instantly encircled him.

Lu Zhaoge slowly opened his eyes, drawing in a long deep breath. He minutely nodded his head. With a bitter smile. "I'm fine, it's just that… I failed again." Previously, when he had attempted to erase the strange powers within his body, he purely thought he would use his ultimate yuan powers to directly eject and erase the curse from the bone dagger as well as the flames of darkness. There was not a need to waste his blood essence. But in these days, even if he used his blood essence to eject these strange powers from within his blood, it would not work.

For an extreme level expert like him, every drop of blood was incomparably precious. It was the result of many long years of cultivation. Cutting his own blood essence away was equal to him decreasing in power and was comparable to a normal person crippling themselves. But there still were not any effects.

Lu Zhaoge deeply breathed in.

His chests that was rapidly heaving gradually settled down.

"I don't care. Could it be that those retards of the Imperial family really eats shit? They still haven't sent the [Lotus Fire of the Black Moon] here after such a long time. I can't wait anymore. Big brother, let me personally go to the Capital. Even if I have to take it by force, I'll get the [Lotus Fire of the Black Moon] for you to recover from your injuries!" Zhang San's face was completely red with fury. He could not help but bellow in rage.

"I'll accompany him." Liu Siufeng also tightly clenched his fist.

In front of other people, they were powerful great figures, legendary people that were like high mountains. But right now, these commanders seemed to have reverted to what they were like in their youth, turning frantic and impatient.

"I'll also go." Peng Yizhen grinded his teeth.

Liu Yuqing's face faintly changed. He wanted to say something, but in the end did not utter a word.

"Cough, cough…" Lu Zhaoge wanted to speak, but all that came out was a dry cough. Another trickle of blood appeared on the corner of his lips. Everyone was greatly shocked and did not dare to say anything anymore. After several coughs, Lu Zhaoge finally recovered his composure, giving Zhang San a glare in anger. "Close your mouth. You've already caused enough trouble recently. You want to go out and cause even more chaos?" Zhang San's personality was conceited and prideful and would pay attention to no one normally. But right now, he was like a child who was being berated by an elder. He lowered his head with fear and respect: "Big brother, I…"” "Sigh, fine. It's also not easy being you in these years…" Lu Zhaoge let out a sigh, a faint sign of guilt flickering across his face. "Old San, you… could you let this go. If you let this go right now, there’s still time" There was a sentimental sign that flickered across Zhang San's eyes, but he shook his head in the end. "Big brother, I know you mean the best for me. But the things that I have decided on, I will never abandon halfway." The two other great commanders, Peng Yizhen and Liu Siufeng, had faces of dim sadness.

"Pass Lord, your current condition…" Liu Yuqing opened his mouth, breaking the suffocating silence in the room.

Lu Zhaoge shook his head.

Liu Yuqing's complexion changed, as if he had made a great decision. Biting his teeth, "Great Commander, let me go to the Imperial capital. I have a method, to obtain the [Lotus Fire of the Black Moon]." Everyone’s gaze fell on Liu Yuqing.

Lu Zhaoge looked at the [Painting Saint], then smiled. "I know what you mean. But, even if I have the [Lotus Fire of the Black Moon] right now, it's already too late. The curse of the bone dagger of the demons has already deeply penetrated into my body. I managed to forcefully protect some veins in my heart only. Even the [Lotus Fire of the Black Moon] will not have any effect." "What?" "Brother, this…" "It can't be…" As these words were said, all the great figures in this room was utterly shaken.

For a very long period of time, they have long gotten used to regard this old man in front of them as an existence like a god. From their memories, ever since they had sworn brotherhood to each other, it seemed as if there was nothing this person could not do, nothing that would ever trouble him. But they have never ever imagined that today, they would hear such words from their brother… The feeling at this instant was as if the entire world was collapsing on them.

Zhang San suddenly stood up, clenching his fists, biting his teeth. The expression on his face was unprecedentedly furious. Taking several steps backwards, there were strands of blood that appeared on his eyes, as if he wanted to killing someone. Taking another look at Lu Zhaoge, he suddenly kneeled down, bowing to him three times. Without saying a single word, he rose and left for the outside… "Old San, you…" Liu Siufeng wanted to say something.

Lu Zhaoge waved his hands. "Just let him go." The silence in the room was so quiet it was terrifying.

Worries emanated everywhere.

If it was possible, every person in the room was willing to offer the years of their own life to extend Lu Zhaoge's life. But no one was able to do this.

There was a faint smile on Lu Zhaoge's face. Unexpectedly, it seemed his entire body was at ease.

"A person's life naturally has its own end. The universe is so large, you and me are after all a little floating raft in the ocean… no matter how sturdy this little raft, don't forget that there is a day that the waves will overturn this raft. Just how many rafts are truly able to endure the waves of the great ocean and successfully reach the shore?" Lu Zhaoge said calmly without emotion.

"But brother…" Liu Siufeng had not even spoken, but tears had already covered his face.

There were sounds of sobbing able to be heard from behind him.

For the great and mighty Commander, above everyone, having killed an unknown number of demons with powerful auras, to have such tears flowing from down his face.

Tears do not fall easily down a man's face.

But this means the time to hurt has not yet come.

Seeing the man that they normally respected and revered as a god saying a speech like his last words, even a man made out of steel would have his heart broken.

Thinking back, when the seven had sworn oaths as brothers, they were like a raft in this warring times, withstanding against the currents. They laughed at the heroes all around the world, influencing the flow of the country, just how great and powerful they were, But even the most stunning and peerless people could not withstand against the merciless cuts of time… This day, would it really arrive? "A group of men, crying like women…" Lu Zhaoge rarely swore but he did so now. With a smile, "On the battle that year, I already hurt my foundation. For me to last this long is already a favour by the heavens. I have no regrets, but it's only that the matters are a bit chaotic within Youyan Pass right now…" "I'll go immediately. I'll gather the army and slaughter those useless trashes of the sects…" Liu Siufeng wiped away the tears on his face, his face completely red. He said these words with a ferocious flare.

"Your personality is exactly as brash as Zhang San. In these many years, I made you knead those metal balls every day to calm your temperament but it seems it has had no effect whatsoever." Lu Zhaoge reprimanded with a smile.

Ten years ago, the [Butcher of Youyan] Liu Siufeng had suddenly carried two steel balls that did not leave him at all, playing with it constantly. It was said that he even carried it in his sleep. No one knew just why he did this, only a rare minority knew that it was casual words that Lu Zhaoge had briefly mentioned in a meeting between the brothers, telling him to use steel balls to temper his personality that Liu Siufeng treated seriously.

Liu Yuqing stood dumbly by one side, his thoughts unknown.

After a short while, his eyes brightened. He quickly rushed to say, "Pass Lord, do you remember, there was someone that had imprisoned a drop of your blood. That person is extremely mysterious, so much so that even you aren't able to sense his existence. If we can find out where he is and bring him here, perhaps…" Lu Zhaoge let out a bitter laugh. "That person's strength is so strong that even I cannot find him. It is not an easy task to discover who he is. Even if I utilized the entire army and search foot by foot, it is likely that we cannot find him. For such a person to disappear, it is impossible for us to find him… eh?" As he said these last words, there was a stunned expression on Lu Zhaoge's face.

His expression was both shocked and happy, extremely complicated. He did not finish his words, but sat dumbly where he was.

The others did not know what had happened, but they did not disturb him. They could only hold their breath as they waited for Lu Zhaoge’s reaction.

A short while later.

Lu Zhaoge let out a long breath, and said in an extremely stunned tone, "What has happened? I can suddenly entirely sense the aura of that drop of blood, it's only that… why is it in such a place?” His expression was shocked to the extreme.

As the others heard this, they all became excited.

"Could it be that great person wants to see us?" Liu Yuqing was madly eager. "It must be so… commander, where is he? I'll invite him here right now…" …… …… White horse tower.

The sun had just risen.

Sunlight shone into the quiet room, bringing with it a shred of warmth.

Ye Qingyu stood at the window, looking at the radiant outside world sparkling with light. There was a hesitant expression on his face as a drop of scarlet blood containing a vast energy swirled in his palm.

The young officer Ye Congyun with a pale white expression stood behind Ye Qingyu.

"You've really decided?" Ye Qingyu turned around.

Ye Congyun nodded. "Marquis, I've decided, I've decided to risk it, no matter what the consequences, I am willing to bear it." Ye Qingyu nodded his head. "I've only heard some medical friends discuss such a method before. I've consulted the ancient texts, but it is without precedent. If it fails, your life most likely will…" "If I continue to live like so, my life is like death. Please proceed, Marquis," Ye Congyun said with determination.

Early in the morning, Ye Congyun had received Ye Qingyu's summons. Liu Zongyuan had personally invited the young officer to White Horse tower. Only after he had arrived, did Ye Congyun know that the Marquis had thought of a method to cure him of his weak blood constitution during the night.

Although there was danger, but for Ye Congyun this was tantamount to having a flicker of light in complete darkness. Even if he risked his life, he was willing to try it.

"Good." Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

With a flick of his palm, the drop of blood flower out, arriving before Ye Congyun. It gradually seeped into his forehead between his brows.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 247:


Chapter 247 - There’s only one person

Ye Congyun followed Ye Qingyu instructions, relaxing his entire body and closing both of his eyes. He could not see what was happening, but he was able to feel, a stream of warmth that entered between his brows, like a bubbling spring that flowed to his head slowly then continued on spreading to other places within his body… This feeling was similar to the sensation of slowly being submerged into hot water, his entire body gradually being enveloped.

Under the sunlight shining from the window outside, Ye Qingyu examined Ye Congyun's state in detail.

When he had returned last night, he had already begun to refine this drop of blood.

After the arduous effort the last few weeks, the power of the flame of darkness held within that drop of blood was already basically under his control. Therefore, during this evening he had managed to completely erase the power of the flames of darkness from that drop of blood after a short period of time.

The power of the flames of darkness was extremely tyrannical, containing the terrifying scorching and burning power of the fires of darkness. Ye Qingyu originally wanted to treat it the same as that white drop of blood containing the power of the curse, to directly refine it and incorporate it within his body to strengthen his cultivation.

But as he remembered another matter, Ye Qingyu suddenly felt that perhaps by saving the yuan essence of darkness from this drop of blood, it would prove to be much more useful in the future.

Ultimately, Ye Qingyu decided to utilize the [Sole Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron] technique and seal it away, preserving it within the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

As for the pure droplet of blood that was left behind, after long consideration, Ye Qingyu paid a visit to the Hundred Herb Hall overnight. He awoke the sleeping Shopkeeper Sui, and discussed in detail whether there were any other methods to cure the weak blood constitution. He finally decided to use the power of this droplet of blood to fundamentally change the foundation of Ye Congyun.

This droplet of blood belonged to the incredible body of Lu Zhaoge. What was contained within was a vast yuan power that normal experts could barely begin to imagine. If it was incorporated into his own body, Ye Qingyu did not doubt in the least that it would at least explosively increase his own cultivation by around five Spirit springs, similar to the strange white drop of blood… The effect of this droplet of blood could be called a rare Spirit pill.

But Ye Qingyu did not hesitate in the slightest, deciding to use it to cure Ye Congyun’s condition.

The debt that Ye Qingyu owed to the sentries was so great, that even if Ye Qingyu destroyed his body in repaying them, it was hard to repay even the slightest of fractions.

That day, if not for the sentries sacrificing their bodies to delay his pursuers, Ye Qingyu would not even have been able to meet Chen Moyun, but be played to the death by Liu Yuancheng. It was further impossible without them to have such a fortuitous encounter. It was a pity that Ye Qingyu had live on, while those heroic sentries had been sacrificed.

This had always been the greatest pain within Ye Qingyu's heart.

It could be said that he tried to repay the debt he owed to the sentries by giving what he could to Ye Congyun.

This was especially so after he understood the personality and attributes of the little brother of that sentry, causing him to appreciate him even more. Furthermore, they both had the name of Ye. In Ye Qingyu's heart, he had already regarded Ye Congyun as someone like family.

That night, Ye Qingyu had even paid Hundred Herb Hall a visit overnight, and woken up the dreary Shopkeeper Sui. After detailed discussion, and confirming there were no other methods to cure the weak blood constitution, he made his decision.

That night he returned to the White Horse tower, ordering people to invite Ye Congyun over.

Before the sky had even brightened. Liu Zongyuan had personally brought the minor officer Ye Congyun to the White Horse tower.

After the incident of the new recruit training camp, everyone could see that Ye Qingyu treated this junior office differently. Therefore, Liu Zongyuan did not dare tarry. Considering the injuries this minor officer held, and the fact he had always been physically weak, Liu Zongyuan personally escorted him over.

After he arrived, Ye Qingyu did not delay, arranging for Ye Congyun to be brought in the isolation room and recounting everything for him from start to finish.

After all, this minor officer only had the martial cultivation of the Ordinary martial level, and belonged to the lowest rung of the yuan qi cultivation martial path. For him to withstand a drop of blood essence from a peak level extreme effort was far too dangerous; there was even the possibility of him rupturing with blood and dying. There was only a slight chance of surviving, it could be said to be utterly dangerous.

Ye Congyun did not hesitate at all, deciding to risk it.

Therefore, at this moment, the drop had already been absorbed into Ye Congyun's body.

According to the method recording on the ancient text, everything from now on relied on minor officer himself. If he had enough determination and will, and was able to withstand the power from this drop of blood essence, then he could be reborn. If his will was not enough, then… Ye Qingyu looked the minor officer with a relaxed face, his own face utterly anxious.

Half an hour later after the blood essence entered into his body, there was a faint and comfortable smile emitting from the face of the minor officer.

But another half an hour later.

A layer of cold sweat suddenly and acutely dripped from Ye Congyun's forehead一 All the muscles in his body, could not help but tremor uncontrollably, as if he was having a fit, his whole body convulsing. Sweat instantly covered his entire clothes, as if his body was just pulled out from water.

"There's change." Ye Qingyu's heart tremoured, becoming even more tense.

Very quickly, one could see many beads of blood drops like the eye of a needle, seeping out from the outside layer of Ye Congyun's skin. His arteries bulged, and his veins were like worms, as if they were about to explode from his skin.

A faint smell of blood swept over the whole room.

In less than half an hour, the entire body of the minor officer was already completely drenched in blood. There were lines after lines of broken skin and fractures on his skin, appearing like a dried up river bed. There were ruptures of wounds breaking open like the pattern of a turtle’s shell, blood dripping out from his muscles. His entire body was smothered by blood and one was not even able to see the features of his facial expression anymore.

Ye Qingyu became even more and more tense.

But according to the description of the ancient text, such a reaction was within normal expectations.

Ye Qingyu fiercely suppressed the worry in his heart, silently waiting.

"Armoured sentry, if you can hear my words, then please worship along with the other sentries, for the safety of your little brother. As long as he can step over this hump, then he will turn from a fish into a dragon, ascending to the heavens in one step," Ye Qingyu muttered in his heart.

Another half an hour passed.

The blood on the outside of the minor officer’s body had already completely dried. The blood had congealed, appearing like a blood shell that protected his outer body. The colour from the original bright red gradually began to dim and the appearance was starting to become somewhat frightening.

If not for the fact that he could sense the minor officier’s heart beating slowly but surely, Ye Qingyu could not have resisted the urge to break apart the blood shell to discover what was occurring on the inside.

However, this was also a stage descripted by that nameless ancient text.

Forming a cocoon.

Forming a blood cocoon.

Using your blood essence to congeal and form a blood cocoon, only then can you be reborn and undergo metamorphosis like a butterfly.

That day, Ye Qingyu patiently waited for an entire four hours.

Only until the afternoon— KaCha! There was a fissure on the layer of the blood cocoon.

Ye Qingyu's heart trembled.

The next instant, there were constantly sounds of cracking emitting.

With a peng noise, a jade white-like hand emerged from within the blood cocoon, faintly trembling. The blood cocoon was like dehydrated mud, shattering into pieces and was shaken off. The junior officer with his face filled with confusion slowly rose up.

The skin all around his body was like white jade. The previous scars and injuries he had received from being tortured while imprisoned had all disappeared miraculously, without leaving any hint behind. There was not any imperfections on his body, as if he was a newly born baby.

An ocean-like blood qi was roiling within his body.

If one were to close one's eyes, one would really imagine this minor officer to be like an ancient primitive beast. This vast and terrifying blood qi absolutely should not exist on a cultivator at the stage of the Ordinary martial level.

Ye Congyun looked down at his pure white hands in confusion.

The weakness and fragility that had shackled him like a disease within his body had really disappeared without trace. He could even feel that within his body, there was an unending powerful energy boiling and surging. It was as if he only needed to lift a hand, to rip apart any wild beasts.

This was… the feeling of being reborn.

"I…" The minor officer opened his mouth, tears dripping down from his face.

Pak! Both his knees fell to the ground.

"The debt of Marquis giving me a new chance can never ever be repaid even if my body is destroyed. From now on, Congyun is willing to become your soldier. Even if there is a blade of swords or an ocean of fire in front of me, I will not waver." The voice of the minor officer was like a metallic ring.

This young man who would not lose his composure even if Mt. Tai collapsed, at this moment, finally could not remain calm and collected anymore. The feeling of being reborn, for those who had never experienced this nightmare like torture, would never be understood by other people.

There was a faint smile on Ye Qingyu's face.

"Stand up. It was only through your strong determination and will that you could recover." Ye Qingyu could finally have said to lay one of his worries at reset.

When they were speaking— Knock knock knock.

There were the sounds of a door being knocked on coming from the outside.

Ye Qingyu furrowed his brows.

Previously he had already ordered that no matter who asked to see him, they were not allowed to disturb him. Why would there be someone knocking, was it not Bai Yuanxing who was currently guarding the door? Normally this White Horse sword slave knew how to do things, why was it today…? Could it be there that there was an accident? Ye Qingyu opened the door.

"Master…" Bai Yuanxing had a red face as he was trying to explain something.

But Ye Qingyu's gaze was already not on him.

There were many people standing outside, and they were all great and powerful figures. Liu Siufeng, Peng Yizhen, Liu Yuqing… these huge figures of the Pass Lord's residence had a fiery gaze as they stared at him. And there was also… Ye Qingyu's gaze finally fell on a figure with a hood covering his face, concealing his facial features. Liu Yuqing and Liu Siufeng both carefully supported this person's figure. The instant he saw this figure, his pupils constricted, his heart fiercely beating.

In the entire Youyan Pass, there was only one person that the [Butcher of Youyan] and the [Painting Saint] would so respectfully support and hold.

Ye Qingyu knew who had arrived.

…… …… Hundred Herb Hall.

In the early morning, Shopkeeper Sui let out a large yawn.

Ever since being disturbed by Ye Qingyu during the middle of the night, he could not go back to rest and just rose early so his mental state was not good. After all, he was not any expert, and had a weak cultivation. Therefore as one got older, he would feel to have less and less energy.

"Manager, the people from headquarters are here." A worker ran over frantically.

Shopkeeper Sui was also shocked. "So quickly?" As they spoke, four figures entered into the main hall from outside. Another worker respectfully lead them, not daring to show any signs of disrespect.

Shopkeeper Sui hurriedly wiped his face, greeting them with a smile.

"Supervisor Lin, to think you would arrive so fast. I failed to greet you properly, I apologize, I apologize." Shopkeeper Sui hurriedly made his apologies. The young person wearing green in front of him, in truth was one of the figures with power in the Hundred Herb Hall. Although he was young, but he could absolutely be counted as one of the top class Pill Masters.

"This matter is grave; I did not dare delay. Shopkeeper Sui, previously you sent a message regarding the matter of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]. Is it for real?" The young man in green directly went straight into the heart of the matter.

He had really come because of the business of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet].

Shopkeeper Sui's heart fiercely began beating.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 248:


Chapter 248 - This is a fake pill

Shopkeeper Sui could not help but be surprised.

The background between these two [Mysterious Heaven Pellets] was exceedingly mysterious. From the perspective of his basic pill arts, these were most likely fake. But that day, he did not know just what happened — perhaps he was affected by that mysterious person’s aura. It caused him to somehow partially believe him and send a message to the headquarters to come. After he had calmed down somewhat, he had already begun to regret this decision.

But the message he sent out could not be recalled. Shopkeeper Sui could only brace himself for what would follow.

He did not imagine that this matter would reach the ears of the genius Pill Master of the Hundred Herb Hall, Lin Qingyi.

This was the person with his eyes slanted upwards, the young man in green clothes with a scholarly atmosphere.

Other people did not know Lin Qingyi's background, but Shopkeeper Sui was very clear on just who he was.

This Lin Qingyi was the youngest true disciple of the number one Pill Master of the Imperial family. According to the rumours, he was deeply loved by his master. Although he was not too famous, but this was due to the fact that he had only recently emerged and had not yet gotten famous. Becoming well known, was only a matter of time for him.

Internally, within Hundred Herb Hall, Lin Qingyi had received an extremely high evaluation from all parties. He was faintly regarded as the person with the strongest pill cultivation within Hundred Herb Hall.

Shopkeeper Sui had thought headquarters would send someone here, but he had never imagined, that his message would cause someone like Lin Qingyi to appear.

That's why Shopkeeper Sui could not help but feel even greater fear in his heart.

Without saying much, he quickly received the four in one of the private rooms on the third floor.

"There are two [Mysterious Heaven Pellets] that person left here for sale. That person said one is to be used for testing, and another is to be sold. " Shopkeeper Sui took out the jade box especially made to preserve pills out. Today, he could only treat a dead horse like a live horse and attempt to heal it— make his best out of a bad situation. He carefully recounted everything that occurred that day in detail to Lin Qingyi.

Lin Qingyi quietly sat on the cotton padded chair.

HIs long and white fingers lightly stroked his own hands. An expectant light was flickering in his eyes.

“If it is really as according to the words of that person, then this [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] will really be far too frightening." Receiving the jade box with formations, Lin Qingyi deeply breathed in. He slowly opened the jade box.

"En?”

The brows on Lin Qingyi's face tightened.

All the brightness in his eyes disappeared.

…… …… "En?"

On the quiet room of the fourth floor of White Horse tower.

After uncovering the hood from his head, there was a trace of surprise that appeared in the tired eyes of Lu Zhaoge.

There was a trace of confusion in the eyes that he regarded Ye Congyun and Ye Qingyu with.

And nearly at the same time, Ye Qingyu let out a low gasp of shock.

He had never imagined, in but a months’ time, Lu Zhaoge had transformed into such an appearance. Dehydrated like a branch, all the skin on his body was like wind dried tangerine pill. His figure teetered and tottered, without any of his original charm and charisma whatsoever.

Ye Qingyu instantly realized that the injuries Lu Zhaoge had sustained on the battle that day was even more serious than what he had originally estimated.

At this time, Liu Siufeng and the others quietly guarded the room outside.

There was only Lu Zhaoge, Ye Congyun and Ye Qingyu within the quiet room.

From the outside, there seemed to be no change to White Horse tower. But in reality, this was only so from an outsider’s perspective. With the situation Lu Zhaoge was in right now, Liu Siufeng and the others did not dare take any risks. Apart from the main commanders of the several battle camps, there were several hidden experts and guards that were hiding in secret all around.

"I was able to sense that the approximate location of the drop of blood essence was on the North west of the Pass Lord's residence. This namely is the location of White Horse tower. It's only that, I did not imagine, this drop of blood essence would be in the hands of Marquis Ye.”

Lu Zhaoge let out a smile, very quickly recovering his composure.

His stance was calm and gentle, peacefulness within his eyes. Even though he was not at his peak condition, but there was still a power that caused one to feel pressure. This had nothing to do with cultivation, but it was just a spiritual presence he gained from making so many decisions in such a high position.

Ye Qingyu was not too shocked.

Because he had already guessed that this drop of blood belonged to the [War God of Youyan Pass].

Lu Zhaoge words proved his suspicions true.

In truth, after seeing the appearance and state of Lu Zhaoge, Ye Qingyu had already understood instantly after a faint shock, the reason as to why he came here. The only thing that Ye Qingyu did not understand was that since Lu Zhaoge could approximately sense the location of his drop of blood essence, why he had waited till now to seek him out.

But, since matters had progressed to here, there was nothing to hide anymore.

Ye Qingyu ordered his thoughts, and retold everything from start to finish without leaving anything out.

After Lu Zhaoge finished hearing Ye Qingyu's side of the story, he nodded his head, without any expression of surprise or shock. With a smile, "So it was like so. Who would have thought an injury that I had no way of solving, Marquis Ye would have a way of curing it. The Heavens really have left me with a path of live. If it is convenient, could I ask that Marquis Ye extend his aid and heal my injury?"

The [War God of Youyan Pass’] attitude was extremely accepting and did not have the slightest of hesitation or indecision.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head. "To be able to treat the injuries of Commander Lu is my honour. But I do not have a hundred percent confidence of succeeding so I can only attempt it. The strange power of this drop of blood that I managed to refine is, after all, only a tiny portion. Compared to the power within your body, there is too great a difference…"

Ye Qingyu did not have blind confidence.

Lu Zhaoge smiled and said openly, "Just rest assured and try your best. I will bear all the consequences."

Ye Qingyu let out a breath of relief.

Outside.

The people waiting for Liu Siufeng had anxiousness written all over their faces.

These commanders were figures who had walked out from an ocean of blood and mountains of corpses. Their martial heart and wisdom could be said to be perfect and had experienced uncountable life or death situations. Even if the sky collapsed, they would not lose their composure and would not display their emotions externally like so.

But after all, the situation today was far too special.

Everyone understood clearly in their hearts.

Whether Lu Zhaoge could withstand this trial all depended on the two people within the quiet room.

In truth, when Lu Zhaoge finally confirmed that the direction of his blood essence was at White Horse tower, everyone was utterly stunned.

At the beginning, they all believed that there was a peerless expert hiding within White Horse tower.

But after the door of the quiet meditation room was opened, the only people inside was unexpectedly Ye Congyun and Ye Qingyu.

Their imagined peerless hidden expert did not exist. Although Ye Qingyu himself was a significant prodigy, but he was not a character that Liu Siufeng and the others believed could refine the blood essence of Lu Zhaoge. He was not a peerless master whose presence Lu Zhaoge could not even sense.

As for Ye Congyun, Liu Siufeng had seen him previously and knew his identity well. They could tell with one glance just how strong he was. A martial artist not even at the Spirit springs stage, it was even more impossible for him to be any peerless expert.

Right now the door to the meditation room was completely sealed shut.

Liu Siufeng and the others did not know what was being conversed about inside.

They only knew that if the situation did not progress as they were hoping, then their sworn brother, the deity in their hearts, really had a possibility of perishing. For the [Youyan army], this was tantamount to an apocalyptic disaster.

At this time—

The room to the quiet room opened.

Everyone’s heart jumped to their throat.

But the person who walked out was Ye Congyun.

The young military officer who had just been reborn walked out with a normal composure under the scrutiny of everyone. Lightly closing the door behind him, he turned around to regard the crowd. Opening his mouth, "Marquis Ye is currently treating the Pass Lord's injuries. It's unknown how long this will take. The Pass Lord told me to tell everyone not to be agitated and impatient." "Just what is happening inside?" "Is it really Ye Qingyu? Can he really cure…"

Everyone could not help but ask.

Ye Congyun respectfully paid his respects. Under the expectant gaze of everyone, he truthfully replied, "Pass Lord Lu did not allow me to say too much. Officers, please wait patiently." …… …… "This is the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] you talked about?"

Lin Qingyi looked at the jade green pills in the jade formation box the size of a Longan, his expression filled with doubt and suspicion.

According to the [Pill Mantra]: Pills, contained the essence of the herbs, the essences of Heaven and Earth. The accumulation of yuan qi has an elegant fragrance… Every pill and their classification can be determined by their fragrance, appearance and size.

In other words, fragrance was one of the major factors that played into determining the classification of a pill.

Lin Qingyi had followed his master for a long time and saw a significant amount of different types and classification of pills with all sorts of fragrances. He had even seen the legendary Spirit pills several time before, and could be said to have an excellent ability in evaluating the effectiveness and classification of a pill.

But the two jade-like pills the size of Longans in front of him, did not emit any medicinal fragrance when he opened the box. It was like two dead jade stones; this was the first time he saw such a thing.

Reaching out with his hand and touching a [Mysterious Heaven Pellet], it was cold to the touch.

"Not right not right…" Lin Qingyi shook his head. "All pills, no matter what, because it is refined and created by fire, has the attribute of fire. It should be warm like jade to the touch, but this pill is cold like ice… this… does not look like any pill, but some object of Yin?"

As these words were said, the highly tense Shopkeeper Sui's heart instantly turned into ice and sunk down into his chest.

The expectant expressions of the other three who followed behind Lin Qingyi also completely disappeared.

Lin Qingyi placed the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] back into the formation jade box, shaking his head, all his mood disappeared. Sitting back to his chair, he gave a glance to Shopkeeper Sui, shaking his head, "From now on, you must confirm it before you send any message."

He already did not want to evaluate on this matter any further.

He had utter confidence in his ability to judge pills.

From the expectation and shock that he had when he received the message, it had all transformed into utter disappointment.

That’s right, how could there be such a monstrous and unnatural pill in this world.

Even his own master, with his pill arts, would not be able to create such a perfect pill.

Therefore Lin Qingyi could be completely sure that this so called [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] was a fake pill.

A so called fake pill was a substance that people used to create with special methods that seemed like pills. It could be used to imitate the real thing. There were some morally bankrupt Pill Masters who would do such things and use their items to con others and establish their fame and profit from these fake pills.

Therefore, he could be sure that the person who created the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] was a third class conman.

Because not only had he lied about the monstrous properties of the pill, the method he had used to create this pill was also so low class. To think that, as the number one genius of Hundred Herb Hall, he really would rush here from hundreds of miles away…

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

