Chapter 85:


Chapter 85 – Blood Red Gaze

And at this time, Xia Houwu gave a signal to Qin Wushuang next to him. As if suddenly mustering his determination, he loudly roared, “Why are you still hesitating, charge them…”

Saying this, the long blade in his hand struck out. He was the one who rushed to make the first move.

Xiu!

A cold blade sliced through the air towards Lin Nuo.

Strong winds violently formed.

Such an action instantly broke the peculiar standoff within the battlefield.

The figure of Lin Nuo flashed like a streak of lightning, instantly evading the strike of the blade. A bright fierce light suddenly gleamed from within his eyes, coldly laughing and gritting his teeth. “Haha, you really think our Azure Phoenix Academy is easily pushed around? What are you still waiting for, act!”

The battle exploded in an instant.

Zheng Kai, Ding Liyou and Du Sha all of them with gloomy expressions, at this instant struck out.

They really had been imprinted with fear after being killed by Ye Qingyu so many times over.

But this did not mean that when facing Qin Wushuang and the others they would retreat.

Because the Azure Phoenix students believed that the elders of their own academy were able to see everything that was occurring through the formation projection at this moment. They could not retreat. Since events had developed to such a stage, taking even one step backwards signified humiliation and cowardice.

“Act together and defeat the enemy.”

Qin Wushuang loudly roared, and the [Great Zhou sword] in his hands began vibrating. A pale silver formation light emitted from within the sword, as if a silver dragon was entwined around the sword. Yuan qi trembled violently in the radius of the sword. He was currently the strongest person out of the four students of White Deer Academy. Through this display, it seemed he really had momentum and the aura of an expert.

“Haha…” Zheng Kai laughed and the enormous staff in his hand swept out, directly receiving Qin Wushuang’s attack.

The two of them instantly fought against each other.

Sand and dust spread throughout the air.

Xia Houwu had exchanged a single strike with Lin Nuo and was instantly placed in a disadvantage.

He was sent flying, landing near the location of the Song sisters.

Lin Nuo came to finish the kill with a cold smile.

“Save me…” Xia Houwu screamed, begging for aid from the Song sisters.

The field of battle instantly extended to the location of the Song sisters.

Song Qingluo also knew that this battle was unavoidable. Patting Song Xiaojun’s shoulder and warning her to take care, her dainty hand grasped thin air causing the Spirit weapon [Qingluo] to instantly appear in her hand. The emerald green sprout, in an instant transformed into a python-like vine. Like green lightning, it shot out and began its attack.

The green vines turned from one into two, two into three, three into ten within the air. Like an anaconda, it madly strangled towards the enemy.

The little loli Song Xiaojun also fully activated her inner yuan, a fire shield appearing all around her. In the quickest time possible, she came to assist Song Qingluo. Two fireballs shot through the air, bringing with it a blazing power that sealed off Lin Nuo’s path of evasion.

Lin Nuo’s speed increased, mirage after mirage appearing in the air. He changed his target, forgoing finishing off Xia Houwu and struck towards the Song sisters.

Xia Houwu fell to the ground, staggering. He did not immediately return to the fighting, but gradually retreated to the edges of the battle. His eyes flicked throughout the battle, closely observing the movements of the two left over members of the Azure Phoenix Academy…

Ding Liyou ad Du Sha, both of them did not immediately join this battle.

After being ambushed by Ye Qingyu so many times, a shadow had been cast in their hearts. They regarded their surroundings cautiously, deathly afraid that Demon King Ye would appear like the previous times. That he would descend from the heavens like a divine soldier, and suddenly slaughter all of them. Such a scene was completely like a nightmare for them. In the eyes of Ding Liyou, Du Sha and the other Azure Phoenix students, the greatest worry was Ye Qingyu. The other white Deer students, they completely did not care about at all.

As long as they confirmed that Ye Qingyu was not near, they were confident that they could completely slaughter the four White Deer students in an instant…

“As long as I flee under the protector statue, then I will be completely safe. However, if those two do not act, then I won’t be able to escape at all…”Xia Houwu’s eyes flickered. Seeing that Ding Liyou and Du Sha had no intentions of joining the fray, he became slightly panicked——Especially the Du Sha who had already killed Xia Houwu twice over created an enormous psychological pressure in Xia Houwu’s heart. He was absolutely clear that within this five hundred meter radius, there was no way he could escape from Du Sha’s attack.

Unless Du Sha was occupied by someone else.

Slowly, a scheme began to form in Xia Houwu’s heart.

Deciding and giving Qin Wushuang a signal, he grabbed his long blade in his hand. Pretending that he was about to rush in and help, he slowly approached the battle between the Song sisters and Lin Nuo. His long blade sliced apart the air, pretending to strike…

“Careful!”

Panting heavily, Xia Houwu neared Song Qingluo and neared her.

Song Qingluo was about to say something, when the expression on Xia Houwu’s face completely transformed. A sinister smile appeared in his face, and he fiercely struck out with his palm, slapping it against Song Qingluo’s back. She could not react in time, and was sent flying by this strike, her figure heading straight for the Du Sha and Ding Liyou standing far away…

“What are you doing?” Song Xiaojun was dumbfounded.

In a split second, this innocent little loli could not comprehend what was going on.

“I’m not so stupid as to accompany you guys to die. I have already died twice, I know how the pain of death feels like…” Xia Houwu laughed maliciously, and his palm struck out again, inner yuan spitting out. Without the slightest trace of mercy, he sent the dainty little body of the little loli in midair. Accompanied by the explosion of yuan qi, the figure of Song Xiaojun was sent flying towards the direction of Lin Nuo.

Such an unexpected change was like an arm suddenly transforming into something else.

Everyone on the battlefield was flabbergasted.

Both Song Xiaojun and Song Qingluo had never expected such a betrayal to occur.

Neither did Lin Nuo, Du Sha and Ding Liyou expect this.

Facing the Song Qingluo that was sent sailing in their direction, Du Sha and Ding Liyou acted instinctively. Under the flickering cold light of their blades, razor sharp yuan qi sliced apart the air. The Song Qingluo that was in midair could not evade in the slightest. Even if her [Qingluo] was activated to its fullest, at the very most she could do was directly face this attack. In an instant, their blades were dyed red. Her delicate body was directly struck. Not even a single cry of anguish could be emitted before she transformed into a bloody mist that ruptured throughout the air

Song Qingluo was also injured at the same time.

She was also sent flying, and landed upon Lin Nuo’s fist blade. Her abdomen was stabbed through.

Blood jetted out.

At the same time, Xia Houwu performed the act that he had been planning.

Like a stray dog, he ran for his life towards the protector statue of their side. Even if Lin Nuo and the others were in a high state of caution, they had not planned for such a shocking turn of events. Before they could recover their composure, Xia Houwu had already taken advantage of this lull. He was like an out of control feral dog, running for his life to enter into the defensive radius of the protector statue. He was temporarily in a safe location…

The second person to react was Qin Wushuang.

At the same time Xia Houwu acted, Qin Wushuang as if they had made a tacit agreement long ago, also roared loudly. Exploding with the strongest possible power he could muster, the [Great Zhou sword] struck fiercely on the enormous staff. Using the rebounding force of this strike, Qin Wushuang floated backwards hundreds of meters in the direction of the protector statue. Like two thrown balls, both of them entered into the defensive radius of the protector statue.

The two noble students, in an instant, had escaped from their dire straits.

At this moment, the battlefield was deathly silent.

After a short time of shock, Lin Nuo and the others looked at each other. On their faces were expressions of incredulity.

This… what had just happened?

As a great academy that ranked in the upper ranks of the ten great academies, the students from Azure Phoenix had participated in great competitions like the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] before. Therefore, previously, they had met many different kinds of opponents and encountered different kinds of strategies. But they had never ever witnessed such an evident and open betrayal of their comrades.

The students of Azure Phoenix were well aware that everything that happened here would be seen by the higher ups of the academy.

The White Deer student far off in the distance performed such a betrayal without the slightest trace of fear. After he jumped under the protective statue, he suddenly smiled joyously, as if he had really won. Could this fellow really be a mentally disabled retard?

He really dared to perform such a betrayal that was equal to murder?

Did he really not fear that after the end of the great competition, he would receive the punishment of White Deer Academy?

Or did this mean that White Deer Academy would not punish such an action?

Lin Nuo retrieved his fist blade, retreating with a peculiar expression on his face. He knew the power of his own fist blade clearly; after being injured to such an extent, this little girl would be unable to turn around a desperate situation. She could not live for much longer.

Pu!

A stream of blood from the injury suffered in Song Xiaojun’s abdomen spurted out like a fountain.

The little loli’s figure trembled slightly.

As if she was using all her energy to remain upright, she did not fall over. With great difficulty, her petite body remained standing and shaking, as if she was a willow branch in the face of a tempest. Bright red blood dyed the earth around her. In her pure and beautiful eyes, her expression displayed bewilderment and anger. She looked at the Xia Houwu who had jumped away towards the protector statue. She asked, “You… why?”

Xia Houwu only smiled maliciously.

“You… brother Qingyu, will not let you get away.”

As she said this name, the eyes of the little loli brightened with an inexplicable glimmer.

But Xia Houwu only casually smiled. “Before the end of this grand competition, he won’t know anything that happened here. And after the grand competition is over, everything it too late… Hehe, furthermore, you died at the hands of the enemies, and it wasn’t I that kill you… you are only an illegitimate child and Song Qingluo is only a daughter of the president of a commerce company. It doesn’t matter if you die or not, and besides, this isn’t a real death anyway.”

“You… bad person… scoundrel…” A pale blood colour slowly appeared and spread throughout the little loli’s originally clear eyes. Her petite little body began quivering, as if this was the reaction from her heavy injury and losing too much blood or as if a strange transformation was currently undergoing within a body. She cursed with what the little loli thought was the most grave and severe profanity, “You’re despicable!”

“Despicable?” Xia Houwu coldly smiled. “Fine, insult me all you want. You’re about to die, I won’t hold grudges with a dead person.”

“I…” The figure of the little loli began trembling even more violently.

Rage.

Hatred.

Rage and hatred that she had never experienced before, completely submerged the little loli’s heart.

She was possessed by a desire she could barely control. She wanted in this instant to rush over and make this despicable scoundrel pay, tearing him into pieces. Bit by bit, she wanted to ground him into waste. In her heart there was something occurring. As if there was a scorching flame that was blazing, as if there was something that was about to explode in her chest.

Then, the change came.

Her eyes were completely covered with a scarlet red.

It was a concentrated blood red.

A colour that represented destruction and death.

Her eyes did not have either whites or pupils. From her eyes, two rays of red light shone as if the Death God had come to reap apart all life. Such a terrifying aura emitted from her red eyes. As if there was a monster that was being slowly awakened from within the body of the little loli. Even through such a slight release of this destructive power, it could not help but make one shiver in fear.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 86:


Chapter 86 – I Have Something More Important to Do

“What kind of power is this?”

“This is impossible? That girl…”

Lin Nuo and the others felt a trepidation, like they were in the midst of a disaster.

In this instant, the red light that was radiating with a thick stench of death and destruction made the four Azure Phoenix students feel the terror of being utterly annihilated. This was a too terrifying, too powerful strength. It fundamentally did not belong on the body of a human. Even if this power had not truly broken out, but even under the pressure of this tiny glimpse was enough to make Lin Nuo and the others feel like they were wheat in the face of a hurricane, able to be destroyed at any second.

In the battlefield of the Northern canyon road, it was as if a God or a Devil had descended.

This terrifying aura extended outwards in all directions. The clouds in the sky were moving, the sunlight dimming at this moment. Even the demon rune soldiers and the rune soldiers without intelligence could also feel unease, stopping their endless battle.

Qin Wushuang was dumbfounded.

The smile on Xia Houwu’s face froze.

Song Xiaojun really did exhibit an exceptional talent within the first year students and her improvement was extremely rapid. Otherwise, she would not have been able to enter into the list of ten nor receive the opportunity to enter the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. But even if the little loli was stronger still, she absolutely should not be this powerful…

Xia Houwu could faintly feel the turn of events was not favourable for him.

As if he had done something wrong, as if he had enraged an existence that should not be incited.

At this time—

“You deserve to die!”

The little loli seemed as if she had turned into a monster. Her voice was an icy metallic friction. It did not contain any hint of human emotion, as if it originated from the depths of hell and was not like that clear and crisp voice she normally possessed. Like the sinister smile of the Death God, there was an indescribable terror.

Along with this voice, a scarlet red light came from within the little loli’s body.

“This is bad!”

Xia Houwu was in a complete panic, doing his utmost to avoid this ray of light.

Boom!

The scarlet red ray of light rubbed past Xia Houwu’s body, hitting the protector statue of White Deer Academy. A huge explosion. The structure collapsed with rocks falling and dust rising to the air. The protector statue had been destroyed!

At the same time.

The little loli was devoured by this scarlet red light, finally dissolving into dust and smoke.

Such an explosive power was not something she could control. Adding to the heavy injuries she had sustained, the little loli had no way of controlling this power. Her body transformed into dust and smoke with her spirit flying to the skies and soaring towards the resurrection altar.

The dust-covered ashen face of Xia Houwu crawled out from the rubble.

There were many injuries on his body, and his face was deathly pale in fright. But ultimately, he was able to avoid the killing stroke of the red light, and avoid a catastrophe.

Qin Wushuang’s body was also covered in dust, the skin near his eyebrows sliced apart by the rubble. His scarlet red blood slowly dripped down, his expression bewildered. He could faintly sense that on the body of Song Xiaojun, a transformation had occurred that was definitely not simple. What followed after would be a surging wave— an immense wave that was sufficient to plunge the entire Deer mountain range into a perilous situation.

Opposite them.

“Destroying the protector statue with one strike?”

“Only a power of the Bitter Sea stage or above is able to do this…”

“What kind of secret is hidden within this little girl’s body?”

Lin Nuo, Du Sha, Zheng Kai and Ding Liyou all looked at each other. They were all stunned by the abnormal change that they witnessed on Song Xiaojun’s body.

And at this time, a voice spoke into their ears all at once, “What are you hesitating for, the protector statue has already collapsed. Quickly act and kill the two remaining students of White Deer Academy and crush them in one go… this is our last chance.”

Lin Nuo quivered, able to recognize the owner of this voice.

Xiu!

He became a shadow, the first person to strike out.

Du Sha and Ding Liyou quickly followed.

Indeed, such a turn of events was surprising but this was absolutely the opportune moment for the Azure Phoenix Academy. As long as they were able to kill Xia Houwu and Qin Wushuang and charged forward in one go, before the four could resurrect, they could absolutely rush to the headquarters of White Deer Academy. At that time, even if Ye Qingyu appeared, with his power alone, he would not be able to defeat the five people of Azure Phoenix Academy… victory was firmly in their grasp!

Opposite.

Under the collapsed protector statue.

Through just one glance, Qin Wushuang was able to understand the intentions of the Azure Phoenix students. His expression paled greatly.

But before he could react at all, a sudden bolt of black lightning, without any noise or signs struck down from the heavens. Like a falling black star, he could only discern a black light flashing through the air before a black-coloured spear appeared on the ground.

Xiu!

The sharp piercing explosive-like sound was finally heard.

The heart of Lin Nuo leading the charge suddenly madly shuddered.

He had come.

That demon king… the strongest person of White Deer Academy had arrived.

They had already experienced such a technique several times before.

As expected in the next second, as if a mountain from far away had collapsed, or as if a hurricane blew past, or as if a surging river had flooded, a black figure approached from far away. Wrapped in light and electricity, in the time of a spark with speed like that of light, before Lin Nuo’s brain could perform any sort of reaction, he had already neared.

The same technique.

Lin Nuo had already imagined such a technique being performed in his mind countless times. Lin Nuo thought he already deeply understood the essence and secrets behind such a technique. He had been confident that the next time he met Ye Qingyu, he would definitely be able to avoid such a deadly strike. But when the moment finally arrived, this confidence was destroyed in their first contact.

Without a question, Lin Nuo was sent flying again.

Such a terrifying impact, made him feel as if every bone in his body had broken. He felt a sweetness in the back of his throat, and he opened his mouth, blood spurting. His vision grew dark and he lost his consciousness, only able to sense that his body was currently flying backwards…

What was also sent flying… was the Ding Liyou and Du Sha following behind him.

The two, before they reached the ground, also madly vomited blood then landed on the surface. Not able to move in the slightest, they had temporarily lost their ability to do battle.

“Heavens… this… how could it be?” Zheng Kai stood stunned a hundred meters away, terror freezing his footsteps. “It shouldn’t be like this… even Ding Liyou and Du Sha has been hurt… this is outside the previous effective range of that technique, could it be that the strength of this demon king has risen yet again?”

Zheng Kai and his comrades had once theorized about the effective range of Ye Qingyu’s battle technique. After fighting with Ye Qingyu several times previously, they had concluded that the impact of his attack should only be within a meter around the target. But this time, the Ding Liyou and Du Sha that was over a meter away from Lin Nuo had also been sent flying?

He had gotten stronger.

Zheng Kai did not have the courage to continue the attack.

He staggered backwards.

Ye Qingyu also did not keep on pressing forward.

He turned around, walking step by step towards the collapsed protector statue.

“Tell me, what has happened?” The voice of Ye Qingyu was like the metallic clash of swords. There was a killing aura emitting from him that pierced chillingly into the depths of their bones.

Xia Houwu could sense something was wrong. He looked at Qin Wushuang beside him, and a sly light flashed by in his eyes. Slowly retreating, he pretended to be surprised and stammered authentically, “It’s too great that you’ve come… we’ve been ambushed… Xiaojun and Qingluo has both died, we were not their opponents…”

“A trash such as you deserves to die. You deserve to die ten thousand times over.”

Ye Qingyu pressed ever closer in large and furious strides.

His gaze was like a blade, a murderous intent completely covering his body. A rich bloody odour enveloped his body.

“You… just what do you want to do?” Xia Houwu said in panic, his face flushed. “It has nothing to do with me… it’s the people of Azure Phoenix… we weren’t their match, we couldn’t save Song Qingluo or Song Xiaojun… don’t blame me, just what do you want. If you want to blame someone, blame yourself for not appearing…”

“Shut your mouth!” Ye Qingyu loudly roared, his voice like the fierce clap of thunder.

“A scum like yourself, just exactly what you have done, you should be very clear. Do you think that I don’t know? Fearing for your own death, attacking your own comrades… being despicable to such an extent, you are not fit to be a human… Even if I am breaking the rules of this battlefield, I will definitely kill you.” Ye Qingyu dragged his spear along the ground as he walked towards Xia Houwu, the heavy body of the spear causing sparks to be created from this friction.

His eyebrows were raised and an unsuppressed fire burned within his eyes.

“You…” Xia Houwu was in a state of extreme shock.

How could Ye Qingyu know what had occurred?

“We should priorities on the overall situation first. Such a thing…” Qin Wushuang frowned, opening his mouth to say something.

“You are also not a good person… just go die together.” Ye Qingyu coldly gave him a glance, his voice like it came from the depths of hell. The spear that was originally erected on the ground shot out by itself with a whistle, transforming into a ray of black light and striking towards Qin Wushuang.

“You…” Qin Wushuang was both shocked and angry. The [Great Zhou sword] in his hand activated, blocking the sudden attack of the spear.

Boom!

The weapons clashed.

The [Great Zhou sword] flew out from his hands, disappearing in a point of light high up in the air.

The skin between Qin Wushuang’s thumb and forefinger had broken apart. He was absolutely not able to block this spear strike; his long sword being sent flying. The [Inexorable spear] stabbed through his body, bringing with it an enormous force. Nearly in an instant, it destroyed his body. His entire figure turning into bones and a bloody mist that dispersed throughout the air. There was nothing he could say before he died.

A spirit transformed into light, flying towards the headquarters.

Ye Qingyu’s gaze was like a blade, regarding at Xia Houwu.

Pu-Tong.

Xia Houwu’s knees instantly softened, kneeling on the floor.

Without knowing why, when he saw Ye Qingyu’s gaze, the triumph in his heart disappeared like smoke in thin air. He was fundamentally not able to speak, the subterfuge and artifice that he had prepared beforehand fading. Even his words of begging were stuck in his throat. He did not even have the courage to speak anymore.

What kind of person Ye Qingyu was, Xia Houwu knew perfectly well.

Demon King Ye was in the midst of rage. There was completely no degree of sentiment or face that he would give to him.

“Dying like this is really too convenient for you!” Ye Qingyu’s wrists moved, the cold light of the spear blossomed. Blood jetted from Xia Houwu’s body, his heart instantly being shattered into pieces. Before his spirit had left his body, he could indistinctly hear Ye Qingyu’s voice, as if he was passing judgement on him, “Such an action will absolutely not end with just this. When we return to the real world, I will make you pay the true price for what you have done.”

Boom!

His inner yuan exploded.

Xia Houwu’s body cracked and fractured turning into a blood vapour.

Not even fifteen minutes had passed, and the White Deer Academy that originally held the absolute advantage, out of five people, four of them had already returned towards the resurrection altar. There was only Ye Qingyu left.

And at the same time, on the side of the Azure Phoenix Academy, there were still four people present.

Apart from Lin Nuo who had experienced the full power of Ye Qingyu’s [Banner of Heaven and Earth] and [Fierce Dragon Pierce] directly and died straight away, the rest could still battle. Both Ding Liyou and Du Sha had received significant injuries in this skirmish but they could already stand up. They possessed the ability to fight.

But facing the Ye Qingyu who was like a god of slaughter, Zheng Kai and the others did not dare rush forward.

Ye Qingyu’s thick black hair was flying, the long spear behind his body, the point of the spear pointing towards the Heavens.

A black robe and a black spear.

The black hair was like a blazing black flame.

“Xu Ge, come out. I know you’re there.” Ye Qingyu took a deep breath, looking towards a forest far off. “I know you’re there. Right now, every one of you come at once and end this competition as quickly as possible. As of this instant, I have something more important to do.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 87:


Chapter 87 – The Final Move

Before he had finished his sentence.

A silhouette came from deep within the forest far away. Every step he took he travelled over ten meters. In the blink of an eye, he had arrived at the battlefield. His white robe like jade, a handsome appearance with a confident and at ease manner. This figure was namely the person known as the number one peerless genius of the Azure Phoenix Academy, Xu Ge.

He was the person that had secretly spoken to Lin Nuo and the others, urging them to act.

“Who would have thought I would be discovered by you,” Xu Ge had a serious expression as he spoke. “Your strength compared to what you were like at the start of the grand competition has grown by so much. If my guess is not wrong, you have always been rushing through the desolate wilderness. Could it be that within the wilderness there is some sort of secret hidden inside?”

Ye Qingyu’s left palm slowly stretched out, his palm becoming a fierce claw shape. The crippled long spear stabbed into the ground far off in the distance was grabbed through the air, sailing towards Ye Qingyu.

With both spears in his hands, his aura explosively increased.

“My mood is not good right now. I don’t want to speak useless words. Quickly attack.” Both spears in Ye Qingyu’s hands formed a cross behind him. Step by step, he pressed closer. “If you won’t attack, then I will.”

The spear in his hand shot out.

[Banner of Heaven and Earth] of the golden armoured King.

Xiu!

Nearly at the same instant it left Ye Qingyu’s hand, the spear was nailed beside Ding Liyou.

The large impact, caused the originally heavily injured Azure Phoenix student to be killed in an instant.

This was an extremely peculiar scene. His circumstances were the same as Lin Nuo. Ding Liyou had already fought against Ye Qingyu previously so he was familiar with his battle techniques. He should have long prepared himself to defend against Ye Qingyu’s technique, [Banner of Heaven and Earth]. But the moment the long spear like a war banner descended, he had evidently reacted and evaded but could still not escape death.

“Kill! [Fierce Dragon Pierce]!”

The spear in Ye Qingyu’s hand stabbed out.

This time, Xu Ge was able to clearly see the entire process of Ye Qingyu performing the technique.

As the long spear stabbed towards the spear nailed towards the ground, an energy like that of a law attracted Ye Qingyu’s figure towards it. As if he was a dragon soaring out, he brought with him a force like that of a mountain or tsunami, like light or electricity, holding an irresistible aura that rammed towards you.

The speed was fast.

Fast to the extreme.

The moment the spear in Ye Qingyu’s hands stabbed out, the lightning-like impact had already arrived.

Xu Ge’s mind quickly reacted, using nearly the absolutely fastest reaction and strongest energy to resist and evade. But even he was affected by this lightning-like power, his body could not help but be thrown in the air by this strike. At the moment he was knocked in midair, Xu Ge was able to feel a peculiar sensation— his inner yuan had consolidated, and he had no way to activate it making him unable to effectively resist.

In the corner of Xu Ge’s eyes, he was able to see Zheng Kai and Du Sha, also being struck in the same moment.

“I understand…” Within Xu Ge’s mind, a bolt of lightning struck. “So the secret behind Ye Qingyu’s battle technique is that one doesn’t have to be touched by his body to be sent flying. It hits only if you are within a certain area… this is approximately 20 feet around?”

His mind quickly calculated the range and power of his opponent’s technique.

And at the same instant.

The Du Sha who had been heavily injured previously spurted a jet of blood from his mouth, his body completely breaking apart. Under the impact of this lightning strike, he had fallen in an instant. His spirit transformed into a ray of light and headed towards the headquarters of the Azure Phoenix Academy.

The Zheng Kai famed for his physical prowess only received light injuries and was knocked tens of meters back.

This was because Ye Qingyu’s principal target was not him.

Striking out with the force of thunder, he had slaughtered Du Sha and Ding Liyou in a split second. Ye Qingyu’s aim had already been half achieved: to reduce the number of his opponents as best as he could to prevent them from recovering and surrounding him. Only through doing this, could the scales of victory begin tipping towards White Deer Academy.

“Then let me try out another move… [Protection of Heaven and Earth]!” Ye Qingyu loudly roared.

He suddenly stamped on the Earth, cracking and fracturing the ground. Then a surge of dense golden radiance, bringing with it a divine aura, erupted from his body. Like layers and layers of light with Ye Qingyu’s body at its center, this golden light radiated in all directions.

Xu Ge and Zheng Kai were in a huge daze.

A new battle technique?

In their previous battles, Ye Qingyu had never utilized such a move before.

The dense golden light radiated enveloping his entire body, as if this world had placed a divine protection upon Ye Qingyu.

A viscous power, along with this divine golden light snaked out. In a short amount of time, it had already completely covered everywhere within a hundred feet. The air was as if it had thickened. Both Xu Ge and Zheng Kai could feel an invisible rope tying them down, making their movements becoming more sluggish. It was as if their bodies were being pressed down by an ancient mountain, even taking a step became difficult…

The Zheng Kai next to Xu Ge was the worst off.

He struggled to take even a single step, madly resisting.

Under the immense power of the great Earth, ripple-like patterns twisted. It was as if both his legs were submerged in a viscous substance and around the body of Zheng Kai there was a pale yellow light flickering madly. This was a sign that his inner yuan was being activated to its absolute fullest. He wanted to break free from this sudden constraint.

But Ye Qingyu would not give him this opportunity.

Xiu.

A star in the night sky.

A cold star first arrived, then it was the spear following behind it like a dragon.

The light of the spear pierced through space, a torrential rainstorm pouring down. Zheng Kai screamed crazily, both hands gripping his Spirit weapon the enormous staff, his inner yuan functioning to its fullest capacity. His staff swung out in a blossom of swings, making it seem as if a bronze shield had appeared in front of him.

Bang!Bang!Bang!Bang!

The metallic clashes that were enough to deafen one’s ear sounded unendingly.

Clusters of sparks exploded, hysterically sputtering.

The shadows of the spear were singing.

The swing of the staff became confused.

Such an apocalyptic clash did not last longer than three breaths of time, before it suddenly stopped.

The light of the sparks disappeared like smoke in thin air.

“Fast… an extremely fast spear! I… admit I’ve lost, I’m not… your match… Pok… Pu!”

Zheng Kai stood at his original position, his hands still gripping onto his staff that was mottled with marks. His fingers quivered slightly. With great difficult after saying such a sentence, his body that seemed unharmed at first glance, suddenly jetted out streams of blood. His entire figure was like a blooming fountain of blood. His body fell to the ground, his spirit shooting out and heading towards the headquarters of the Azure Phoenix Academy.

Even though the rotation of the staff was rapid, but it still could not withstand the light of the spear that covered the sky.

The Zheng Kai that specialized in physical strength, in a short amount of time, his staff techniques were completely broken by Ye Qingyu using an even greater power. This brute strength had disrupted his moves and the spear stabs pierced into his body like that of a torrential storm. In a moment of time, his body had endured hundreds of wounds and the life force within his body had broken.

At this time, the protective golden energy gradually dispersed.

And at the same moment, Xu Ge had finally broken through the restraint of the [Protection of Heaven and Earth]. Without saying a word, he rushed forward like lightning, his speed not less in anyway compared to that of Lin Nuo. His silhouette left mirage after mirage in the air. Within his left and right palm, each had a bright silver crescent blade, cutting through the smoke in the sky to attack.

The power of the [Moon Seal] was mustered to its extreme without any sounds or sign.

Ye Qingyu turned around, his long spear blocking.

Ding!Ding!Ding!Ding!

A clusters of close impact noises emitted.

Crescent moon after crescent moon struck against each other, forming a strange trajectory within the air. Like a complex silver net, it constantly struck against the [Inexorable spear] and continuously pervaded the air around Ye Qingyu. The crescent blades sliced past without any signals, ripping apart Ye Qingyu’s black robe.

This was the true power of the [Moon Seal].

Every time the moon blade clashed, after a slight vibration, one blade would turn into two. After following an incredible arc in the air, it returned again, constantly striking out. As if it possessed life, in the blink of an eye, Ye Qingyu was already completely surrounded by hundreds of moon blades. Surging back and forth, like a stormy assassination, impossible to defend against effectively.

“This is the true strength of my [Moon Seal]!” Xu Ge’s inner yuan was completely activated, his entire figure being covered in a silver inner yuan light. His voice was like the cold essence of the moon, “Last time I was not familiar with your technique and suffered a heavy loss. This time, I have seen through the mysteries behind your battle technique. Using the same technique on me twice is useless. Ye Qingyu, you’ve lost already.”

Ye Qingyu held his mouth shut without saying anything.

He was examining in detail the moon blades shooting out in strange arcs, but was immediately disappointed.

Because each and every trajectory of each moon blade, was like the curve of an antelope’s horn, with no signs of any flaws or distinct patterns. Especially as they constantly clashed against each other, these trajectories would constantly change. One would turn into two, two into three, three into tens of thousands. Like the full moon, this technique emitted a radiance that would make people feel dizzy and faint when they looked into it. There was a peculiar charm-like power.

“The [Moon Seal] really is a high class battle technique. The mysteries of it are limitless, it’s not something that can be broken apart in a short time… if this continues on, when Xu Ge’s [Moon Seal] has been fully performed, then the momentum of my spear will break for sure. At that time, I will not be able to avoid tens of thousands of these moon blades.”

Ye Qingyu clearly understood.

“This is my true strength. Ye Qingyu, your White Deer Academy will still lose,” Xu Ge loudly roared, the inner yuan in his body vibrating, and an immense pressure slowly emitted, as if he was carrying the aura of the Moon God.

“That might not be.”

Ye Qingyu shouted, the swings of his spears changing.

“If I can’t break apart his technique, then I’ll just crush it using brute force!”

As he screamed, Ye Qingyu’s figure suddenly soared into the sky, as if a dragon gliding through the air. He did not care about defending anymore, allowing the thousands of moon blades to slice apart his body. As the spurts of blood flowed, there were countless wounds on Ye Qingyu in an instant. In this short amount of time, his body was completely torn apart by the moon formation and his body flew hundreds of meters high up in the air.

Such a height completely defied the laws of the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield].

Xu Ge lifted his head to look, shock in his eyes. “What? How is this possible?”

“The fourth move of the golden armoured King — [Heaven Falls and Earth Rends]!”

Within the atmosphere, the sound of Ye Qingyu’s roar reverberated. His silhouette suddenly swooped down accompanied by the rumble of the air. It brought with it the force of thunder and lightning, similar to a star falling from the furthest reaches of heavens. Within the reverberating blaze, there was burst after burst of dragon’s roars. Rapid like lightning and thunder, it was as if it would destroy this entire world.

“What kind of technique is this?” Xu Ge screamed.

The next instant, the Heavens collapsed and the Earth cracked.

Within the huge explosion, the earth shattered and fractured into a huge crater.

Under this indescribable immense force, the ground subsided but the Earth’s crust ascended, striking into each other, forming a surrounding rock fragments that were tens of feet high. Like a newly created mountain range, this chaotic energy revolved all around, causing a strange forcefield to appear. If you were within this area, then your senses and thoughts would become disordered and deranged.

Xu Ge, in this confusion, felt as if the world had really been destroyed.

In a second, such a terrifying impact made him spurt out blood from his mouth and nose, his limbs breaking apart. The inner yuan within his body had gone crazy and chaotic, disordered and messy in his meridians. He could not muster his inner yuan to resist anymore, and the essence of the [Moon Seal] was destroyed. The countless moon blades in the air disappeared like thin smoke in the bright glare of the sun.

“I’ve… lost again!”

In his last glance, he was able to see Ye Qingyu covered in blood, standing amidst the smoke and dust. His figure was like a spear, and Xu Ge’s mind constantly returned to the image of this teenager breaking apart his moon formation through such a decisive act where he abandoned all defense. Xu Ge suddenly felt that this was what a true practitioner should be. Perhaps the two times that he had lost to this student of White Deer Academy was not simply because of the difference in battle techniques.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 88:


Chapter 88 – He Wants to Murder Someone

[Ascending Heaven Pavilion].

When the scene of Ye Qingyu, like a dragon soaring through the Heavens, slaughtering the students of Azure Phoenix students appeared in the formation projection, the cheers that had been suppressed for a long time finally sounded. Everyone understood, that the death of Xu Ge signified the complete defeat of the Azure Phoenix Academy. Because at this time, only Xu Ge had a chance to resurrect. The other four people had already died three times and had already been forcibly ejected from the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield].

And Ye Qingyu had already defeated Xu Ge in a one versus one direct battle, so even if Xu Ge was resurrected, he could no longer cause anymore waves.

A large number of second, third and even fourth year student representatives also could not suppress their cheers and screams.

Even if they did not manage to obtain victory personally, but the honour and glory from winning one round belonged to the entire White Deer Academy. And they were a part of White Deer Academy.

Bai Yuqing had a complicated expression on her face, but even she could not help but applaud.

She must admit that this teenager called Ye Qingyu had given her too much shock and astonishment. She must also acknowledge that her previous evaluation was too hasty and she had misjudged this teenager. At the same time, the girl that was a goddess in the eyes of many male students of White Deer Academy, began to become curious towards Ye Qingyu.

In the places where the formation projection did not show his figure, just what had occurred?

This youth that had originated from the commoners displayed a battle technique that was bursting with explosive power. It seemed extremely simple, but the strength was absolutely frightening… just where had he learned such a battle technique from?

From within the crowd, Jiang Xiaohan and Han Xiaofei exchanged a glance.

Both of them could see the other’s shock and unease.

Especially at the moment when Ye Qingyu had performed his last technique. A violent and direct dive as if a dragon was descending, like a star was falling, simply nothing could match him. In a moment of time, he had completely changed the terrain, causing a miniature mountain range to appear. The two asked themselves this question: if it was me on the receiving end of such a strike, what chances of victory do I have?

The person that they had treated like a loach, that commoner student that they thought was impossible for him to rise to prominence ever again, caused them to be uneasy. It made them who regarded themselves as the favoured children of heaven to sense a huge threat.

The large majority of the teachers were also elated.

“Haha, that child is really the lucky star of our White Deer Academy.”

“I haven’t accepted a disciple in over ten years. This Ye Qingyu suits my taste very much. From now on, let me teach him personally, I’ll accept him as my disciple!” an elder with snowy white hair said laughingly.

“That can’t be, this Ye Qingyu is the perfect inheritor that I’ve bitterly searched for to learn my skills. I want to pass on [The Will of Heaven sword style] to him. Old fellow, don’t fight with me over him…” another elder with snowy white hair said with a glare.

“Hehe, Elder Liu, Elder Zhu, does that mean both of you have the intention to accept a disciple? Haha, but to tell you the truth, before Wen Wan had left the academy, he had personally given Ye Qingyu for me to take care of. Haha, then this Ye Qingyu could be counted as half my personal disciple, why don’t you guys stop trying to steal my fortune?” a middle-aged teacher said with a beaming smile.

“No matter what, the academy from now on will heavily nourish this child.”

“Perhaps in the glorious battle of the ten academies a year later, this child will give us an even greater surprise.”

A large majority of the teachers had faint smiles on the faces, discussing the events joyously. Unexpectedly winning the fourth round had given the entire White Deer Academy a cardiac stimulant.

Of course, not everyone regarded Ye Qingyu with favourable intentions.

Some old elders that came from a noble background emitted several snorts.

“Could it be that everyone has forgotten, before defeating the Azure Phoenix Academy, Ye Qingyu personally killed two students of White Deer Academy? This person cannot be tamed, with a traitorous bone in his body, and heavy murderous intent…” This noble elder shook his head with a cold laugh, “Such a person, is he really worth of us heavily investing resources to nourish him? I fear this is equal to nurturing a tiger and inviting calamity!” …… ……

The practice grounds of White Deer Academy.

In front of the ranking stone mirror.

Vast crowds were present on every single practice grounds and had been long simmering. The excited people were like a bubbling current, with more and more people rushing to join.

“We won? We’ve really won??”

“Ye Qingyu managed to save a desperate crisis.”

“This is absolutely all due to the effort of Demon King Ye. Look at the change on the stone mirror. Haha, I can imagine what exactly has happened on the battlefield— both parties had a direct battle. Qin Wushuang, Xia Houwu, Song Qingluo and Song Xiaojun first died in battle, but Demon King Ye fought against the crazy tide alone, turning around the situation. Hahaha, this is too satisfying.”

“Demon King Ye is really too strong, strong!”

“I completely can’t believe what my eyes are telling me.”

“Haha, let me see what that group of Azure Phoenix can still say. Hehe, let’s go to the arena and rip the two banners that are erected there…”

“Eh? Where are the people of Azure Phoenix? When exactly did they slink away?”

The crowd was boiling with triumph.

The situation was filled with so much excitement and bustle that it was like a grand festival.

Especially the first year students. Everyone held their head high with pride and joy. Some people bragged, bringing up the fact that they had attended lessons with Ye Qingyu before. Some people told the story of Ye Qingyu’s shocking training speed when he was body refining and the powerful effects of this training. And some people were like story tellers, retelling the incident when Ye Qingyu had used a single punch to disperse the Azure Phoenix student in front of the library, exaggerating it and repeating the tale…

This was a common sense of public glory.

Ye Qingyu used his own strength and actions to win the glory of the academy, therefore the students also managed to obtain glory. Ye Qingyu did not only obtain victory but he also won the heartfelt respect and acceptance of the majority of the students.

Cheers and screams like that of the thunder’s roar sounded from every practice ground.

The news also spread out from the ranking stone mirror. The leaders of various interest groups and factions that had always been paying attention to the competition between the two academies in Deer City, also received such information.

Their reactions differed.

But everyone, at the first moment, thought of the prediction of the previous Dean.

Could it really be that a peerless genius would be born within Deer City?

Very quickly, the final result was announced on the stone mirror. The judgement of the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] announced that White Deer Academy had obtained the final victory. From the little characters on the stone mirror, the Xu Ge who had just resurrected chose to directly surrender, and did not struggle till the bitter end.

It seemed like Xu Ge realized that even if he was given another opportunity, there was no way he would be able to prevail against Ye Qingyu directly.

In the heart of the Azure Phoenix genius, a psychological shadow that he was inferior to Ye Qingyu had already been planted.

Within White Deer Academy, the cheers became even louder.

…… ……

In [Ascending Heaven Pavilion].

A heated debate was still in the midst of discussion.

“Peh! You have the nerve to say such things. Then what about Xia Houwu attacking his own comrades, what about that?” hearing the accusation of the noble elder, a short-tempered teacher could not help but angrily shout.

“Xia Houwu will naturally receive the punishment he deserves. But Ye Qingyu should also pay the price for his actions,” the noble elder said neutrally. “Besides, Xia Houwu did not personally kill his comrades by his own hand. But this tyrannical Ye Qingyu, I think that his punishment should be even greater.”

“Sophistry!”

“Completely shameless”

“Everything has cause and effect!”

Various types of shouts resounded throughout the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion].

In this time, the victory of the round did not seem that important anymore. Many teachers that came from a noble background finally opened their mouths. After all, the seed of victory was already in their hands and many people subconsciously began scheming for the distribution of the rewards. Different factions also began plotting. Just what exactly did this victory represent in the ongoing battle between the commoners and the nobles?

“Enough, stop arguing,” the old dean finally spoke.

“Dean, Ye Qingyu slaughtered his own comrades, we must teach him a lesson otherwise…” This noble elder would still not let this matter go.

“Am I the Dean, or are you the Dean?” The tone of the Dean became severe, and a light like the sheen of a blade came from his eyes. “How I do things, could it be that I need you to teach me?”

This noble elder was dumbfounded. He shivered in his heart, quickly saying, “I don’t dare, I only wanted…”

But he could not speak on, his face turning red.

The people around him also did not know what to say.

In their memories, this amiable and gentle Dean had never raised his voice. This was his first time being so severe when he spoke. In this very long period of time, this number one person of White Deer Academy had always treated things with one eye closed and one eye opened. There were many incidents in the academy that he simply did not manage, and in the end only had a casual smile when these were reported back to him. He had never lost his composure and become so enraged before.

The old Dean at this time was like a fierce slumbering dragon suddenly opening his eyes. The inner yuan deep like a ravine began activating, vibrating and humming. The entire [Ascending Heaven Pavilion] seeming to be shaking. Everyone became silent, not daring to say anything more.

And at this time—

Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!

Above the sculpture of the Formation Emperor Luoso, golden lights flickered. Lines upon lines of runes began activating, and the five first year students that were transferred into the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] were ejected out.

The eyes of everyone all focused on the figures of these five people.

Especially Ye Qingyu.

He was the person that managed to turn a desperate situation around and created a miracle. He received the attention of many.

Xia Houwu lowered his head and looked down at both of his hands. He was able to sense the greatly increased quantity of inner yuan in him, and couldn’t help but be excited.

This was the yuan qi rewards that would persist forever through killing the demon rune soldiers in the battlefield.

Carefully calculating, he had slaughtered over a thousand demon rune soldiers. The reward that he managed to obtain was equal to him bitterly training for half a year in the real world. The inner yuan within his body was vibrating, showing signs that it was about to break through to the next stage.

A faint smile appeared on his face, and he was about to say something when he felt a blur in his vision…

Boom!

In an instant, Ye Qingyu appeared in front of him. His steel-like fist moved, striking out directly in his face.

Half the face of Xia Houwu visibly caved in through such a force. White teeth and scarlet red blood water jetted out, and the muscles on his face shivered like ripples. His entire person had gone dumb, like a massive axe chopping a tree, sent rolling and flying away!

WengWengWeng!

Xia Houwu could only feel that everything in his vision was rotating. A buzz was in his ears and golden stars flickered in his vision.

He was completely beaten to a daze by such a strike.

Everywhere, there were gasps of shock.

No one would have thought that in the instant they departed from the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], Ye Qingyu would attack. He used the most simple, most direct, and most violent way to indicate his perspective and stance.

After this punch, Ye Qingyu still did not stop.

Xiu!

The spear tore through space.

The cold light of the spear was like lightning, directly stabbing towards Xia Houwu’s heart.

The intention to kill was evident.

He really would, in the midst of the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion], in front of the elite of the students of every year, in front of the higher ups of the Academy, lift his spear and kill someone.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

