Chapter 1277:


Chapter 1291 Resurrection

The bronze medal was clearly giving out more heat as they reached the third great hall.

Ye Qingyu continued walking forward with his expression unchanged. He did not inform the others about the medal.

The treasures in each great hall were even more wonderful as they continued advancing. There were various picturesque scenes like medicinal plantations, gardens, canals, rivers and artificial mountains surrounded within barriers set up by ancient Emperors. All of them were constructed with rare, sacred gold or jade, and even the artificial mountains were made with minerals that were usually molded into Emperor weapons. Divine liquid that was channeled by magic flowed in the canals, preventing it from ever evaporating or solidifying throughout the millennia.

Qin Wushuang was beginning to blank out.

Even though he had become calm after his huge life changing experience, he was still feeling a little anxious after seeing all these riches. Any one of these artifacts could turn his family or even his entire domain into the most prosperous within the Vast Thousand Domains. Such a foundation could transform them into an unrivaled power.

Even the worldly Ye Qingyu, Yan Xingtian and Hon Kong were also continually surprised.

Ye Qingyu had entered the suspicious palace of Luosu, the [Formation Emperor], and seen the alarming legacy of the Martial Emperor. He had also been to the Underground Moon Immortal Palace of the Clear River Domain and seen the stockpile of the [Lightning Emperor], but the riches left behind by these two deity-like figures, who were ranked among the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, were more related to martial techniques or training resources. Compared to the Ye Family Palace before him, it was stocked with raw riches and treasures that could drive warriors insane.

"This should be the hidden treasure trove of an ancient Emperor race, one that was accumulated over countless numbers of years," Hon Kong exclaimed.

Yan Xingtian nodded. "Indeed. Even a Martial Emperor could not have stocked up so many treasures, as someone who has reached the pinnacle of the martial way would not lust after such things anymore. He can suppress the entire world with his might, and all of the rare artifacts in the world would belong to him alone."

Only a long lasting Emperor race could have accumulated so much wealth through many generations.

Everyone was sure, as they thought about the "Ye" word on the stone door and tablets along the passageways and that it had to be the ancestral ground of the Ye Emperor race.

They walked through nine imperial halls and saw many rare treasures along their journey.

They arrived before the tenth imperial hall.

Like the stone door, a huge, lifelike "Ye" word was carved on the door covering the tenth hall.

Ye Qingyu had also sensed that the warmth radiating from the bronze medal was already reaching an extreme level as they arrived at this imperial hall, even exceeding the level of warmth he felt at the priest temple of the Snow Empire imperial family. It felt as if a divine fire were burning.

Swish!

Eventually, the medal automatically emerged from his storage space. It floated above Ye Qingyu's head like a ball of golden flame.

Yan Xingtian and the other two looked in surprise at Ye Qingyu.

At this moment, they could start to sense that Ye Qingyu actually had some relationship to the Ye Family imperial palace.

Even Ye Qingyu himself looked surprised.

The bronze medallion would only produce such a reaction during events that were closely related to him. This time... he could vaguely sense that the mystery of his origin was about to be revealed within this imperial hall.

Golden flames flickered on the bronze medallion, and it floated toward the tenth imperial hall as if it had grown a will of its own.

At the same time, it emitted a ray of light that illuminated Ye Qingyu's figure.

Ye Qingyu instantly sensed that a familiar and warm calling was appealing to him from within the hall. It was a kind of warmth related to his own bloodline, just like when his mother was calling him when he was young.

He felt an urge to dash into the hall.

Soon enough, he arrived before the gates of the hall after walking down the stairway.

The flames covering the medallion shone over the large "Ye" character on the gates before infusing themselves into its grooves like a yellow liquid. The entire process took about five breath cycles, and the word seemed to have been instantly coated with a layer of gold, shining brightly at that moment.

The inscription surged with a power which enveloped Ye Qingyu just as he walked up to the gates.

Ye Qingyu's figure vanished in a blaze and entered the tenth hall directly.

Yan Xingtian and the others were shocked by the sudden change of events. They immediately walked up to the gates and tried all sorts of methods but were not allowed in. The inscription on the gates, which had originally turned gold, was beginning to fade. Eventually, the color disappeared from it, reverting to its white form.

"What... happened?"

Qin Wushuang was shocked.

"It should be related to his bloodline. Great Emperor Ye Qingyu has some relationship with this place," said Hon Kong. He had also discovered some things.

Yan Xingtian nodded.

He believed that Ye Qingyu had not left them outside the hall on purpose, but rather he was drawn in unexpectedly. He was actually an admirer of the Great Emperor's poise and magnanimity.

"Let's wait here for now. Everything will be made known once Great Emperor Ye Qingyu emerges," Hon Kong said somewhat excitedly.

The treasures in that underground imperial palace were shocking. If used for the right purpose, there was no problem to transform the Heaven Wasteland Empire into the top ranked domain in the Vast Thousand Domain, much less rebuilding the White Deer Academy or Deer City.

...

Within the tenth imperial hall.

Ye Qingyu stared in stunned silence at the sight before him.

He could only react when he was already being drawn into the hall.

Unexpectedly, there were neither riches nor treasures inside, nor were there any sculptures or statues. There were only rows of tombstones and stone tables, as well as a massive stone box shaped like a casket. They were placed very closely together in an orderly fashion, and the domed roof of the hall was fused with bright pearls that emitted a gentle glow, illuminating the dust in the chamber. The eerie feeling of being in a graveyard was not present.

Of course, what shocked and made Ye Qingyu tremble were not these.

Rather, it was because he saw two figures sitting quietly on an altar of light, just in the middle of the hall in a cross-legged fashion.

They were two familiar figures.

They had taken great care of him and nurtured him when he was young; they had also taught him breathing exercises and the ways of the martial arts.

The figures in his memories.

They fell while defending the city against the swarm of beasts and were buried underground before resurfacing six years later, to be later sent off in a watery burial. He witnessed how the same people were sent into the lake.

Ye Qingyu had never expected to meet them there.

They were... his parents.

"How could this be?"

Also, Ye Qingyu was incredibly shocked to notice that his parents, who were supposed to be already dead, had clear signs of life as they sat cross-legged on the altar of light. Even though they were not breathing, and he could not sense their hearts beating, they still looked alive somehow.

How could this be?

Ye Qingyu felt as though he had been struck by lightning, and his entire body began to shake.

In a flash, he appeared right in front of the altar of light.

"Father, Mother, you..." since becoming an Emperor, Ye Qingyu had never lost his poise and felt so emotional. His voice was trembling, and his eyes had turned red. Tears appeared uncontrollably in his eyes.

He took the stairs toward the top of the altar.

He feared that it could be a dream or an illusion. He opened his eyes wide and dared not blink.

Very soon, he appeared at the top of the altar.

There was a buzz as his feet were planted on the altar. A strange energy wave was generated, and ripples of light formations on the ground flickered, as if something was about to be activated.

Ye Qingyu was shocked. He was afraid that some accident was about to occur that could damage his parents' bodies.

The life force coming from their bodies began to pulse as the light formations spread to his parents. At the same time, they began to breathe, and two long white puffs of air came out from their nostrils and mouths. They then opened their eyes together.

They're are... resurrected?

Ye Qingyu went wild with joy upon seeing this, and his heart nearly leaped out of his throat.

"Father, Mother, you... both of you are really alive... you..." Ye Qingyu cried with joy. He was so emotional that he was at a loss for words. He charged up to them in an instant.

It was like a dream.

He had dreamed of this scene many times, and now it was being re-enacted right before him.

His parents were not really surprised to see him, as if they had long expected this to happen. Both of them got up slowly, and there was a strange calm and peace written over their compassionate looking faces. They smiled gently as they walked toward the weeping Ye Qingyu, and stopped two steps away from him, to have a good look.

"Father, Mother, am I... dreaming? You... what exactly is going on?" Ye Qingyu charged forward with the intention of hugging his parents.

He was simply feeling too emotional.

However, his parents took a small step backward and avoided his hug.

"Father, Mother, you...?" Ye Qingyu was perturbed.

The awe-inspiring Immortal God Emperor was like a lost child now. If the obsession of the Divine Light Emperor was to return to his hometown, Ye Qingyu's was to see his parents. He had completely lost his self-control.

"My Lord."

"My Lord."

His parents smiled gently and bowed to him instead.

Ye Qingyu was agape.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1278:


Chapter 1292, Ye Chongsheng

“Father, mother, you...” Ye Qingyu stared wide-eyed, not knowing what his parents meant by this.

What made him feel even worse was that his parents’ demeanour was completely different from before, not the kind and affectionate demeanour they had as he remembered in his memory. Their gratified expression was accompanied with a kind of deference, and it was this deference and reverence that revealed an isolating feeling that was entirely different from familial love.

This isolating feeling was like a knife.

“Lord, we are not your parents.” Father Ye explained, “I am Divine General Jue of the five divine generals under the Divine Light Emperor.”

“Yes, I am Divine General Zhi,” Mother Ye also said with a smile.

Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded.

After listening to what these two people had said, he suddenly realized something, but still found that huge loss difficult to bear. He did not want to believe everything. “But... but when I was a kid... you... I clearly remember, impossible, Father, Mother...”

“Lord, we did play the role of your parents. We started raising you shortly after you were born, but we're not really your parents.” Divine General Jue explained, “Back then, it was the Light War God who sent you to us. I am sorry that we haven't told you the truth. We did not intentionally conceal it, but that we were forced to do so.”

“In order to allow you to grow up safely, we had to do this,” Divine General Zhi explained.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback again.

In truth, after obtaining a string of clues about his life, Ye Qingyu had also thought of this possibility before, especially after he saw in Lan Tian’s memory the appearance of the six great Divine Generals as they enter reincarnation. But he was reluctant to believe it because his childhood memories of his parents were so beautiful and sweet that he would rather believe that was the truth.

But now...

An indescribable sense of loss made Ye Qingyu lose his spirit.

He looked at the two people who he had thought about and who he had dreamt about countless times before. It was the same familiar faces, the familiar smiles, but he couldn’t feel the closeness and affection he had in his memory. After these two people revealed their identity, Ye Qingyu could clearly feel that what they had towards him was more of respect, rather than the kind of affection that parents have for their children.

This feeling was extremely unbearable for Ye Qingyu, like his heart being slashed with a knife.

“This... what actually happened?” A pained expression arose on Ye Qingyu's face.

He was sad that even if Divine General Jue and Divine General Zhi were only ordered to raise him, they were still considered as his adoptive parents. They had raised him from birth, watched him grow up, and were like his biological parents, but the two figures in front of him, when they looked at him, even if there was a slight gratified expression, there was more of respect, and was not how parents react when they see their son.

“The two of us are the Divine Generals under the Divine Light Emperor millions of years ago...” Divine General Jue seemed to have predicted this and began to recount the whole story.

And some of the things he said at the beginning were precisely what Ye Qingyu had seen in the memory world of Lan Tian——including the Sky Emperor's betrayal, the collapse of the Divine Light Court, the invasion of the sovereign fiendgods of space and time, as well as the Divine Light Emperor's final counterattack, and the six Divine Generals including the monkey spirit battle pet sent into reincarnation.

Ye Qingyu was even more upset when he heard this, because this proved that what Divine General Jue told him was the truth.

Ye Qingyu gradually calmed down as he listened to Divine General Jue recount the whole story.

Given his present cultivation realm and state, it was unknown how many times he had experienced life and death situations. His state of mind was unimaginably tough, and his will was incredibly strong. If it wasn’t because what happened today was too astonishing, he would not have lost control. But now he began to accept reality.

“After we entered the reincarnation cycle, we have experienced countless different life journeys. Each reincarnation was a different life.” What Divine General Jue said next was what Ye Qingyu didn’t know about. “And in every life, we would follow the orders of His Majesty God Emperor to search for the one favoured by the heaven and earth, find the protagonist of the world's martial arts. But in the first twenty lives we couldn’t find such a person. After all, the destiny qi of the heaven and earth on His Majesty's person had not dissipated for long enough, and the operation of the heaven and earth order was not considered long enough. Therefore, it was impossible for the child who can bear the world's destiny to be born.”

Divine General Zhi added, “There is another reason, in those twenty lives, following the collapse of the Divine Light Court and the order of heaven and earth thrown into disorder, the law of order was destroyed and the major races and other living beings were constantly fighting for power. In particular, the Human Race, because of the destruction of the Light capital, was close to extinction. Coupled with the fact that the Sky Emperor was stirring up a storm in the dark, it had led to a state of darkness and chaos for tens of thousands of years... Such an era, it was impossible for the real child of destiny to be born!”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

Indeed, the Divine Light Emperor and the Divine Light Court can be said to be the peak of the Human Race of the ancient age, but also the peak of order. Following the collapse of the Divine Light Court, the disappearance of the Divine Light Emperor, the destruction of the Light capital, and the result of civilization being destroyed, there was bound to be brutal suppression of civilization. The whole world seemed to have become a pot of hot oil. All living beings were struggling in this oil pot, and only the murderers and the ambitionists would love this era of chaos, where they can take advantage of the crisis for their personal gain.

“After twenty-one reincarnations, we found a talent who possessed the characteristic of the child of destiny. He was born with the power to control lightning and thunder, and belonged to the body of the former heavens. His body was cultivated with the laws of lightning, and his name is Qin Ming...”

Qin Ming?

“The Emperor of Thunder and Lightning Qin Ming?” Ye Qingyu exclaimed in astonishment.

The leader of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, the first Martial Emperor in the memory of later generations, the Emperor of Thunder and Lightning, Qin Ming?

“Yes, he became an Emperor with the power of lightning and thunder, and in the records of later generations, he was called the Emperor of Lightning and Thunder. He fought everywhere, swept away the haze of the age of darkness, and had brought light to the nearly extinct Human Race that had been struggling bitterly. With his powers, he almost brought an end to the era of darkness... The reason why he could become an Emperor was naturally because he had the support of the Divine Generals...” Divine General Jue was not surprised that Ye Qingyu knew about Qin Ming's origin. He then let out a sigh before he continued, “Unfortunately...”

Divine General Zhi continued, “Unfortunately Qin Ming's luck was limited. But also because the evil legacy and influence that the era of darkness left behind was too deep, despite the wars he fought he still couldn’t completely end the era of darkness. In the end he failed to completely change all of this, his blood sprinkled across the battlefield... We were disappointed. He was not the one we were looking for.”

“In truth, from Qin Ming's body, we saw some of the shadow that only His Majesty had... He was also a great man, but not a true child of destiny.”

Ye Qingyu felt a very strange feeling.

Because he had no idea that there was such a story behind the Emperor of Lightning and Thunder of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors.

But what followed made Ye Qingyu even more shocked.

According to Divine General Jue and Divine General Zhi, not only the Emperor of the Lightning and Thunder, the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors of the Human Race, including the Formation Emperor Luosu and the Storm Emperor, were also people they have chosen and sought, and were considered to be the child of destiny. It was also because of their support that they were able to become Emperor. Unfortunately, what happened later, had proved that, each of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, although all worthy of the greatest admiration and had supported the whole Human Race for a period of time and tried to force an end to the era of darkness, there was no one that could bring about the peak power and influence that the Divine Light Court had back then. They were naturally not the child of destiny that the Divine Light Emperor spoke of.

The two Divine Generals only spoke succinctly, but the shock in Ye Qingyu's heart was already almost indescribable.

It was one of the greatest secrets.

It turns out that there was such a story behind the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors.

Is this the true origin of the most remarkable ancestors of the Human Race?

In other words, the Divine Light Court had written the history of the rise of the Human Race for this world?

The Divine Light Emperor really was a God-like existence. Although disappeared, he had, in such a way, with such means, saved the Human Race of later generations and rewrote the history of the world. The history that was distorted and destroyed because of the invasion of the fiendgods of time and space was forcibly pulled back on the right track.

He really was a great man.

And the six Divine Generals were also the legends of the Human Race, the heroes of the Human Race.

“After the era of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, we were very disappointed. After reincarnations time after time, when we thought we had found hope, we were disappointed in the end. We created a period of magnificent history, cultivated legends that can support an era, but cannot reach the height that His Majesty hoped for... Every reincarnation was as though going through a very different life. His Majesty hoped that we could find the true meaning of our existence in the reincarnations, find the origin of the great Dao, but what we hoped to do was only to complete the task that His Majesty had entrusted us. No matter how many times we failed, no matter what method we use, we will all keep on trying.”

Divine General Jue's face was filled with a sincerity similar to a devout follower of a religion.

Divine General Zhi carried on again, “In every reincarnation, we will harvest new memories, but the memory of the past will not be completely forgotten. We have gathered enough experience to cultivate a Martial Emperor-level expert that it became very easy and almost routine. Also things finally began to turn around. Approximately five million years ago, in another reincarnation, we met a person called Ye Chongsheng. This person met almost all the special characteristics that the child of destiny should possess. Under our training, he soared to the sky and became an existence superior to the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors. He was the strongest existence we have encountered in our countless reincarnations.”

Ye Chongsheng?

Ye Qingyu's mind flashed a snow-white light.

He had heard the name before.

-----------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1279:


Chapter 1293, Hope

Ye Chongsheng had once appeared in the Domain Alliance's funeral for Ren Puyang, and was said to be from the Ye clan. He was very arrogant and powerful, and had the ambition to directly take over the Human Race's Domain Alliance. In the end, Ye Qingyu directly killed him and seized a lot of wealth and treasures from Ye Chongsheng, such as yellow sand golden armour and so on.

The impression that Ye Chongsheng gave Ye Qingyu was that he was just a clown.

When the name was uttered from the mouth of Divine General Zhi, Ye Qingyu was slightly surprised, but did not interrupt her.

If he guessed right, then the Ye Chongsheng that Divine General Zhi mentioned, most likely may have some relationship to that clown Ye Chongsheng, but they were definitely not the same person. Otherwise, Divine General Zhi would not have had such high evaluation for that Ye Chongsheng.

“Ye Chongsheng established the Ye clan's divine court, which was almost comparable to the former Divine Light Court. We also firmly believed that we have found the right person, thought that we can restore that former glory of the Divine Light Court, and complete the final task that His Majesty's entrusted us. Who would have thought that, what happened later, was entirely different from the direction we anticipated...” When Divine General Zhi talked about this matter, there was a look of regret and puzzlement.

“What happened?” Ye Qingyu asked

Divine General Jue carried on, “Just when everything was moving in the best direction, Ye Chongsheng suddenly changed his behaviour and conduct. He no longer strived for the direction we anticipated, but instead began to cultivate the strength of his clan, began to gather large numbers of wives to give birth to children of the Ye clan, and focused on establishing the power of the clan. Adding to this, he collected wealth and accumulated countless treasures through a variety of ways... It took him a long time to build a powerful and wealthy family. Moreover, he suppressed countless forces and went to countless secrets places in the world to search for rare treasures... What he did was no longer for the public but for himself.”

“He began to cultivate his successor. He put all of his mind and attention on the operation of the Ye clan. With his power and cultivation it wasn't difficult to build the strongest clan in the world. Moreover, he had plenty of time. We couldn't quite understand him, but still followed at his side. As expected, after a million years, the Ye clan had become the most illustrious force in the world, with deep roots and foundation and no one who dared to provoke them.” Divine General Jue evidently had a very high opinion of Ye Chongsheng, but in the end he sighed, “However, what we did not expect is that, when the Ye clan was at its peak, Ye Chongsheng had suddenly vanished.”

“Vanished?”

Divine General Jue nodded, and said still with an expression of inexplicable puzzlement, “Yes, he disappeared. One day, the whole Ye clan, including us, were shocked to find that he cannot be found anywhere. No matter what method, no matter what means, we couldn't find him. It was as if he's a bubble that has burst in the air.”

Ye Qingyu remained silent.

This was indeed a strange matter.

Logically speaking, it is impossible for a remarkable existence like Ye Chongsheng to be assassinated, and thus he shouldn’t disappear all of a sudden for no reason. The only possibility is that he voluntarily went to live in seclusion. However, he had spent a huge effort and time to create such an illustrious family, why would he suddenly leave everything and disappear?

“We have tried all kinds of ways but still couldn’t find him. He did not show up even when the Ye family was facing great danger. Later, when new Emperors appeared, many people finally believed that Ye Chongsheng might not be on this world anymore. Some people even say he had ascended to the Immortals; however, only us Divine Generals know that things are not so simple. Even His Majesty could not become Immortal, and although Ye Chongsheng was the most outstanding genius after the era of the Divine Light Court, there was still a huge gap between him and His Majesty. What His Majesty couldn’t achieve there was no way Ye Chongsheng could do it,” Divine General Zhi said very confidently.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

The later generations that were unaware of the existence of the Divine Light Emperor, and did not know that the Divine Light Emperor had once a long time ago established a high unattainable peak for the formation martial arts world, would feel that what the several Divine Generals said were untrustworthy. But Ye Qingyu had seen the memory of Lan Tian. He understood that if the several Divine Generals say that Ye Chongsheng had not surpassed the Divine Light Emperor, then he certainly hadn’t  surpassed him.

“Later, things changed, years passed, the Ye family experienced many ups and downs, and many genius figures had been born and shook the world for a period of time. However, none surpassed Ye Chongsheng. Tens of thousands of years later, people also gradually forgot about the former peerless figure. The Ye clan also gradually moved from the front of the stage to the background, no longer contended for power, but silently began to develop outside the line of sight of the world.” Divine General Jue took a pause here before he continued, “And us Divine Generals had no choice but to re-enter the reincarnation, because the disappearance of Ye Chongsheng meant that our efforts had failed again.”

Ye Qingyu nodded as he listened.

It was clear that there must be sufficient proof to confirm that the efforts of that life have failed before a new reincarnation can begin.

“In subsequent reincarnations, we continued to search for a genius who may be the child of destiny, but everything was done in the dark. We did not actively interfere with the development of the world's civilization. Unfortunately we were not particularly successful. After a million years, there wasn't a genius comparable to Ye Chongsheng. We came to the conclusion that the appearance of Ye Chongsheng has most likely once again gathered the destiny of the heavens and earth. As a result, for a period of time, it will be difficult for a real genius to be born. We must wait until his death and the destiny of the world to dissipate again before a new genius appears,” Divine General Zhi explained.

Regarding the destiny, it had been mentioned several times before.

But it was clear that the Divine Generals, in the course of countless cycles of reincarnations, their grasp of this destiny of the universe had gradually become clear, and was no longer illusory.

“What was interesting is that, during the several reincarnations later we also saw the Ye clan, a family created by Ye Chongsheng, was still existing in this world. Its life and strength were even beyond those of countless Emperors. Moreover, we have found a very strange phenomenon.” Divine General Jue continued, “We found that the head of the Ye clan of every generation would change their name to Ye Chongsheng.”

“I see.” The mystery in Ye Qingyu's heart was finally solved when he heard this.

He can now be sure that the Ye Chongsheng who died in his hands should be the head of the Ye family of the last generation and not the peerless heaven's prideling expert Ye Chongsheng. This explains everything. It was no wonder that Ye Chongsheng was insufferably arrogant, but unfortunately, in his generation, the unrivalled Ye family has already deteriorated, and was eventually killed by Ye Qingyu.

“We were all surprised by this strange name changing habit because the Ye family did not have such a habit during the real Ye Chongsheng’s generation. After a series of secretive investigations, we found a more shocking fact.

“What fact?”

“After we decided that Ye Chongsheng had failed, we chose reincarnation, but it was in this time that the real Ye Chongsehng appeared once again. We have been through many reincarnations, but Ye Chengsheng is undoubtedly the only one that we could not predict and grasp. We even think that he actually know us very well and even knows about our origin and mission. His last disappearance was done in order to avoid us, so that we move on to the next reincarnation.”

Ye Qingyu was also shocked to hear this.

It was no wonder that when Ye Chongsheng was mentioned, Divine General Jue’s evaluation of him was very high.

After listening to all this, Ye Qingyu also felt the bizarreness of Ye Chongsheng. Divine General Jue was right. This person was obviously beyond their grasp. His appearance made the several Divine Generals feel that things were developing in a direction that they could not control. They couldn’t control or understand Ye Chongsheng, instead it was as though they had fallen into Ye Chongsheng's scheme, inadvertently becoming the pawns controlled by Ye Chongsheng.

“It turns out that our judgment was indeed correct. A real child of destiny had not appeared for a long period of time after Ye Chongsheng. For a million years, it was as if the spiritual qi of the world had entered a deteriorating era. There were rarely real geniuses seen and very few Martial Emperors. Everything had become chaotic. Even the Sky Emperor had also re-emerged. The situation was out of control. But what we were still most concerned about was Ye Chongsheng. This person's life and death was related to the success of the mission His Majesty had entrusted us. Unfortunately, with our strength, it was impossible to find out all this. This was undoubtedly the greatest frustration and setback for all of us.” Divine General Zhi looked ashamed when she talked about this period of time. It was clear that they all feel they have disappointed the Divine Light Emperor.

Divine General Jue had the same expression.

Ye Qingyu could understand what they were feeling.

But, thinking about it, it was reasonable.

After all, the true child of destiny must be a rare heaven's prideling. Whether it is opportunity, qualification or intelligence, that person was bound to be one in a million. How difficult will it be to assist and control such a person? If his heart was fickle like the Sky Emperor then it would definitely be a very difficult task for the six Divine Generals.

“Just when we thought everything had exceeded our calculations and had done everything to save the situation, about a few hundred years ago, another figure appeared. He was dazzling and powerful, even more so than Ye Chongsheng. It was then that we finally saw hope again,” Divine General Jue said.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1280:


Chapter 1294, Disappearance

A person's name immediately jumped out at Ye Qingyu when he heard this——

The peerless God of War.

The peerless God of War who created the Snow Empire, created the Light City, and who created the Light Palace.

As expected, Divine General Jue continued, “It really is a coincidence, this person also has the surname Ye. When we met him in this reincarnation, we were like thirsty travelers dying of thirst on a long journey in the desert and finally saw an oasis, because the talent he showed was too astonishing. He was able to learn any martial arts right away, and even created his own martial arts. Excuse me for saying something disrespectful about His Majesty, but even His Majesty did not have such a talent. In less than one hundred years of teaching him martial arts, he had become an Emperor and possessed the strength to move unhindered across the world.”

Ye Qingyu inwardly gasped with astonishment.

This talent was indeed shocking, and can be said to be unparalleled.

Divine General Jue did not disguise his admiration for the peerless God of War.

But in fact, thinking back, Ye Qingyu had taken much less time to progress from the beginning of the practice of martial arts to the present achievement of Martial Emperor, and had already begun to control the power of life. It had only taken him tens of years to do so, then isn't he more of an evildoer?

Divine General Zhi, who seemed to have noticed this, smiled, “Of course, Lord Ye Qingyu, your martial arts path is even more unbelievable than the former Lord Ye.”

Ye Qingyu grinned.

However, Ye Qingyu was still a little upset that the two people called him Lord Ye Qingyu.

After all, they were the closest people to him in his memory.

“And then?” Ye Qingyu branched away from the topic and continued to ask.

Divine General Zhi continued, “This Lord Ye not only has talent superior to Ye Chongsheng, what's rare is that he is intelligent, tenacious and kind. After he became an Emperor he fought against the Sky Emperor and had inflicted a severe injury to him. His ideas and retaliation were very similar to those of His Majesty. He was almost like the second coming of His Majesty. The only difference is that he did not care about fame, did not want to create an unrivalled force, but had been fighting and fighting all along. He traveled deep into the forbidden land, slaughtered the evil spirits, and had even gone outside of heaven to kill the demons. He had also removed the ancient evil forces that existed in the world. The God of War had been doing all this in secret without the world knowing...”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

The good warriors have no merits.

This explains why so few people had heard about the name of such a remarkable figure who existed only a hundred years ago. It was only the imperial family of the Snow Empire, who had received his favour and knew about his existence, but were unaware of his true background.

Ye Qingyu asked further.

Why did the God of War create the Light Palace in the Snow Empire, and also told his former Divine General to gather in the Snow Empire?

Divine General Zhi answered, “Lord was injured in a battle and fell into Heaven Wasteland Domain, where he found that everything was in line with the conditions of a primitive domain. There were infinite possibilities. More importantly, it was isolated from other domains, like a hidden land of peace and prosperity. This was when he made up his mind to stay in Heaven Wasteland Domain. Perhaps Lord Ye saw something even more profound. In any case, he completely changed from his usual self, settled in Heaven Wasteland Domain and began to restructure this domain that was still in the Era of Sects. He chose the Human Race snow clan as the object of support and built an Empire, and under our proposal, left the Light Palace in the Light City, even... he even chose to marry his wife here and start a family.”

Ye Qingyu did not ask what sort of enemy could wound the peerless God of War.

He had seen some secrets in the Imperial ancestral temple of the Snow Empire, and was therefore vaguely aware of these matters.

He also knew that the peerless God of War married Yu Junhan as his wife.

“So, am I the son of this Lord Ye?” Ye Qingyu asked, “I have previously had an exchange with the Snow Empire's Yu Junhan. Since she is the wife of Lord Ye, then I am their son, is that right?”

“This...”

Divine General Jue and Divine General Zhi looked at each other.

In the end, Divine General Zhi said, “This is our guess, but we are not sure.”

“Huh?” Ye Qingyu looked at the two people, “What do you mean?”

Could it be that these two also do not know the entire truth?

Divine General Zhi hesitated, “Because from the beginning to end, Lord Ye did not personally say that you’re his son, and we also did not see Princess Yu Junhan give birth to you... That year, it was Princess Yu Junhan who handed you into our hands, brought us the arrangement of Lord Ye, and told us to go to Deer City to raise you as a couple.”

Ye Qingyu nodded thoughtfully.

The two Divine Generals' statements were made out of cautiousness, and not out of negation.

He was almost ninety-nine percent sure that he was the son of the peerless War God. After all, even Yu Junhan had personally admitted to it. Everything was very clear.

“What happened after?” Ye Qingyu asked further.

It hadn’t been easy for him to know the truth. Ye Qingyu wanted to thoroughly understand the mystery of his life.

He wanted to know where the God of War had gone and why he was never seen since.

Who would have thought that when he asked this, the expression that Divine General Jue and Divine General Zhi had turned strange. The two people exchanged glances with each other and finally Divine General Jue answered with a bitter smile, “After this, Lord Ye disappeared.”

“What? Disappeared?” Ye Qingyu exclaimed.

He was surprised by the answer.

Divine General Jue nodded, and then continued, “Yes, after Princess Yu Junhan handed you into our hands, just like Ye Chongsheng back then, Lord Ye also disappeared. We couldn't find him anywhere, but, unlike Ye Chongsheng, even if Lord Ye was gone, he had still made a lot of arrangements. The six Divine Generals each had different missions, especially the two of us, which was the most special and most confidential——We had to assume the identity of an ordinary couple and raise you, without anyone else finding out the truth.”

“In other words, before that Lord Ye disappeared, he had arranged what each of you Divine Generals would need to do, and the identity and whereabouts of you two were the most confidential, and the other Divine Generals also do not know about it?” Ye Qingyu frowned, “It is unlikely that Wen Wan who was also in Deer City would not be able to recognize you from your appearance. It wouldn’t take him so long to know your whereabouts.”

Divine General Zhi smiled, “This is the magic of the cycle of reincarnation. The reason we were able to not die for such a long period of time, possess the life span superior to an Emperor, and watch the flood of time and space, lies in the reincarnation. Each reincarnation is like living a new life, but our last reincarnation was a little special, or rather... well, it was a half reincarnation.”

“Half reincarnation?”

“Well, an experience that is almost like reincarnation, but was not a complete reincarnation. We still had the same previous body and appearance, but had forgotten some of the past. Before awakening, we only had instinct, or could only remember something that should be remembered. It is similar to hypnosis, except countless times more real than hypnosis.”

“I see.” Ye Qingyu nodded thoughtfully.

The six Divine Generals, under the power of the Divine Light Emperor, were able to enter reincarnation and experience a different life every time. However, unlike ordinary living beings, they can remember the past, or can awaken, find each other, and then fight for the common goal. Perhaps it was from experiencing numerous reincarnations that they had a better grasp on the meaning of reincarnation, and were able to reincarnate themselves.

“In other words, during those years, you really thought you were my parents, and I was your child. Everything was true, it was not a deliberate act or a disguise, was it?” Ye Qingyu asked, “Like Wen Wan, after a half reincarnation he also really thought he was a Teacher of White Deer Academy, and had temporarily forgotten his true identity?”

“That's roughly what it means.” Divine General Zhi responded, “However, this half-reincarnation retains a lot of things, and will also, with the passage of time, lead into a stage of awakening, like a person who lost his memory slowly remembers the past. After the phase of awakening, they will also realize what to do next... All of this was planned before the half-reincarnation.”

Everything made sense.

There was nothing illogical.

So Ye Qingyu chose to believe.

However, the biggest puzzlement was the disappearance of the God of War.

Why did this happen again and again. It was first Ye Chongsheng and now the peerless God of War?

Could it be because they sensed something after their power had reached a certain level?

Ye Qingyu remembered the figure of the space-time fiendgod sovereign who appeared in the battle of the collapse of the Divine Light Court.

“We were awakened in stages, and began to remember some of the arrangements that Lord Ye left before he disappeared. From those arrangements, he seemed to be guarding against certain threats, such as the Sky Emperor... During Ye Chongsheng’s era, the Sky Emperor was always hiding in the dark, dominating the development of the Dark Realm. Everything was in his control. Lord Ye's last battle was against the Sky Emperor. It was also him who severely wounded the Sky Emperor’s group of people. Lord Ye did not want us to be found, but at the same time, wanted to let us know that, when you are fourteen years old, we can let you leave home to make your way in the world, and will no longer need our protection. Therefore in that siege battle, in the face of the Sky Emperor, we chose to fake death.”

“In any case, you were my parents, had raised me and taught me everything. That memory is real, you are my parents, and always will be.” Ye Qingyu respectfully knelt down, “Child pays respect to Father and Mother!”

He couldn’t let go of this familial relationship after all.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

