Chapter 1309:


Chapter 1322 - The Indestructible Divine Body

A flash of bitterness crossed Jiang Xiaohan's face when she saw his resolute and calm expression, but that soon twisted into a scornful look as she said, “Fine, you’ve always thought that she was right and that I was wrong. But do you know what I've been through all these years?"

Ye Qingyu shook his head and said, "It doesn't matter whether you're right or wrong, or having been through tragedy or blessing; you brought it upon yourself."

"Is that so?" Jiang Xiaohan's expression turned even icier than before as she said, "Alright, since this is what you think, there's no need for me to make any further explanations. From now on, we are mortal enemies and I won't rest until I kill you!"

Her expression turned as savage as a blood azalea toward the end.

Ye Qingyu looked composed and did not say anything else.

"Hand over the City Lord and Lord Shangguan Wu; if you do, I'll spare you this once and allow you to leave," he said. As his qi activity circulated around him, the entire water realm seemed to have turned into a sword world; elusive sword will circulated around the realm, as though waiting for the command to charge. He could release this frightening sword will with a single thought; it would be enough to destroy everything, including the green storm divine dragons.

"Haha, Ye Qingyu, don't you think you're underestimating me? No one knows who'd be the one to walk out alive yet," Jiang Xiaohan's expression was cold and fierce, and her enchanting charm gradually faded, to be replaced by a ruthless resolve as she said, "[Storm Prison], entrap!"

As her voice died away—

Dozens of green storm divine dragons tunneled into the City Lord's and Shangguan Wu's bodies and completely sealed their cultivation. They were now completely at her mercy.

"Kill!"

Then, her figure flickered as she launched her attack.

Ye Qingyu summoned ten thousand swords that appeared in the water realm with a single thought, and these swords charged toward Jiang Xiaohan. This was the highest stage of the [Life Sword Mantra] that he had comprehended and a strange phenomenon happened: it was as though those ten thousand swords were returning to their ancestor, and they immediately surrounded Jiang Xiaohan.

At the same time, he used his [Void Walk] technique to arrive next to the City Lord and Shangguan Wu, then tried to reach for their shoulders.

His first priority was to save them both.

"Destroy!" a sharp voice rang out and Jiang Xiaohan managed to emerge from the attacking wave of ten thousand swords. She exuded a mysterious power of annihilation that managed to destroy and defend against the Life Sword sword will.

The City Lord's and Shangguan Wu's figures flickered as they vanished and reappeared elsewhere.

"The melody of the wind is formless and shapeless. You'll never be able to save them as long as they are sealed by the power of storm," she said with a cold laugh. Flames burned merrily around her, then transforming into a fiery armour that accentuated her lovely figure; her fair and slender waist and stomach, and her long and slender legs. She looked like a war goddess who had emerged from the fire.

Ye Qingyu had to admit that Jiang Xiaohan was indeed a worthy opponent. She displayed the power of the [All Energy-Absorption Body] as she slammed out a punch that contained a terrifying power of Dao laws. Her attack made the heavens rumble and the entire Storm City quaked violently.

A strange expression crossed Ye Qingyu's face as he also retaliated with a punch.

Boom!

The entire water realm seemed to split apart and green floodwaters surged. A frightening killing intent was contained within every single water droplet; if a Quasi-emperor were to fall into this water realm, he would have been instantly turned into a puddle of blood before disappearing into nothingness.

Ye Qingyu felt a violent shudder run through his arms.

Countless rays of sword light ripped across the water realm and turned it into a sword light realm that blocked the killing intent from the water realm, protecting the Purple Golden Divine Guards from Storm City from the water realm's destructive power.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Jiang Xiaohan sent out countless more punches.

Her petite and slender body seemed to contain a destructive power; every punch she sent out caused the skies to rumble and tremble. If it weren't for the the water realm's fortifying markings and formation left behind by the Storm Martial Emperor, it would have been completely destroyed.

Ye Qingyu retaliated with a punch; its booming sound felt as if the heavens were about to collapse, as it ripped through the water realm.

Ye Qingyu could sense that there was a frightening destructive power contained within her punches, attempting to wriggle around and enter his body like maggots.

"This is the power of a Heavenly Saint Body!" Ye Qingyu exclaimed in shock.

He quickly recalled the descriptions he had once read from the Ye clan's palace. The Heavenly Saint Body was the strongest of the three combat bodies of the Fiendgod Age; it had the power to crush all primitive lifeforms from the beginning of time with its physical strength. It could also unleash a terrifying strength that was said to be able to cause the heavens to echo and rumble along with it, containing the power of the universe within each punch and kick. This description seemed to be a perfect fit with the strength from the punches Jiang Xiaohan was throwing out.

"Haha, Ye Qingyu, you seem to know quite a lot about me. I guess that bitch Bai Yuqing has given you quite a bit of information," Jiang Xiaohan said with a cold smile.

Her body let out a series of booms and rumbles, as though the heavens were trembling along with her, and countless rays of saintly light burst from her body to become part of her punch force. This resulted in the Great Dao crushing down upon Ye Qingyu, as a magnificent and uncontrollable force exploded from her punch.

That was a sign of a Heavenly Saint Body at the Grand Maturity stage.

"I didn't think that Heavenly Saint Bodies were still in existence in current times. What a pity..." Ye Qingyu said with a sigh. The Heavenly Saint Body type was said to rival the strength of ancient Emperors, at the time when it reached the stage of Grand Maturity. It was also said to be extremely powerful. If such a body type had been groomed carefully, it would definitely have become a strong pillar of the formation martial world. Unfortunately, he was sure that the owner of the Heavenly Saint Body had been devoured and absorbed by Jiang Xiaohan.

This was why Jiang Xiaohan possessed the strength of the Heavenly Saint Body type.

"Why are you acting like it's such a pity? Only I would truly be able to unleash the power of the Heavenly Saint Body, replicating the powerful strength that it could once display," Jiang Xiaohan said and laughed maniacally.

Ye Qingyu continued to send out punches in an attempt to block her attacks. As they battled on, he felt the extraordinary strength from the Heavenly Saint Body even more keenly.

As he sensed the extraordinary strength of the Heavenly Saint Body, he was even more astonished by the terrifying power of the [All Energy-Absorption Body], since it could even assimilate the strength of the Heavenly Saint Body.

"Let's end this now." Ye Qingyu gradually sensed and comprehended some of the mysteries of the Heavenly Saint Body, so he no longer tried to fight head-on against her. Instead, as he exerted his [Limitless Divine Way], his strength surged and he sent out a punch that exploded with the aura of light. His fist radiance was like an apocalyptic light sword. It was a combination of his physical strength and the Life Sword sword will.

Boom!

Jiang Xiaohan cried out as she was sent flying backward.

Her right fist was destroyed all the way up to her elbow and her skin cracked, exposing her bone and flesh beneath it. Blood splattered everywhere but she didn't seem flustered at all.

"Haha, Ye Qingyu, you have not let me down. I see that my Heavenly Saint Body is not a match for your body constitution either. If I devour you and merge your power with the core mysteries of the three ancient saint bodies, I would have an indestructible and eternal body, hahaha!" she laughed maniacally.

"Indestructible Divine Body!"

Her aura immediately changed, as though she had become a completely different person, exuding a completely different aura. An ancient and boundless qi swirled around her, together with a blood qi that could not be described in words. She seemed to have turned into an ancient and immortal fiendgod.

"Ye Qingyu, I've devoured and absorbed more than one Divine and Saint Body!" Jiang Xiaohan said with a cold laugh.

Her efforts over the past few years had not been in vain. She had also absorbed the Indestructible Divine Body in addition to the Heavenly Saint Body. This was a body type that was known to be utterly resistant and had boundless self-healing properties. Thus, even if she were to be smashed into smithereens, she'd be able to recover in an instant. Furthermore, that body type could not be corroded by external powers, and was also known as one of the supreme body types from primordial times.

As she laughed, her broken right arm immediately grew back and looked as good as new.

Ye Qingyu frowned slightly.

He knew how powerful his earlier punch had been. He also knew that even a Martial Emperor would have been injured by his earlier attack. Moreover, he had imbued his fist with sword will—after it entered her body, it would have taken her at least thirty to fifty years to recover. However, Jiang Xiaohan had managed to recover almost instantly. He had also once read some information about that body type from several ancient books and records. He should have known that the power such a body type would defy all logic.

"Ye Qingyu, do you want to know what would happen if I merge the powers of the Indestructible Divine Body with the Heavenly Saint Body?" Jiang Xiaohan asked as she laughed cruelly. "You'd be the first person to experience the power from these two body types together, so I hope you won't disappoint me."

Before her voice had faded away—

She sent out another punch.

The battle had started and Ye Qingyu's combat strength soared as he exerted his [Limitless Divine Way] technique.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The entire water realm seemed to have turned into a scene from a hellish massacre, as it started to bubble and boil frantically.

Jiang Xiaohan kept sustaining a series of injuries and her Heavenly Saint Body ultimately couldn't bear the brunt of his attacks, but the self-healing properties of the Indestructible Divine Body meant that she would be able to heal herself instantly, no matter how serious her injuries were. Even if her body was smashed into blood mist, she would be able to reconstruct a new body instantly, without exhausting her blood qi. This was completely different from how an ordinary Martial Emperor would heal himself.

She was practically invincible after she merged the Heavenly Saint Body and the Indestructible Divine Body together.

"Sword!" Ye Qingyu stretched out his hand into the void and the [Blood Drinker Sword] appeared in his hand.

The aura from the sword realm around Ye Qingyu rose up, and the sword will from the Life Sword became even more piercing. Then, with a sudden twist, the entire water realm was covered by sword will; Jiang Xiaohan's body was slashed into blood and ashes as ten thousand rays of sword splendor attacked her.

"Absorb!"

The [Blood Drinker Sword] unleashed its power.

Ye Qingyu pressed down on the sword body as he prepared to absorb the blood and ashes that flew all over the sky into the [Blood Drinker Sword].

"Ye Qingyu, you're such a cruel man," Jiang Xiaohan voice rang out. The blood and ashes that filled the skies escaped from the control of the [Blood Drinker Sword’s] power of laws. There was a flash of light, then a new body appeared a thousand meters away like a phantom. It was none other than Jiang Xiaohan.

Ye Qingyu remained silent.

He was already prepared to kill her today and wouldn't show mercy on her because she was a woman. The more powerful Jiang Xiaohan became, the more he couldn't afford to spare her. This woman was extremely cruel and evil, having already killed so many innocents. If he spared her, she had the potential to cause even more harm than the Sky Emperor if the fiendgods from the alternate space-time were to descend upon this world in the future.

However, Ye Qingyu was a little surprised to find that the [Blood Drinker Sword] could not control the Indestructible Divine Body.

"As I've said earlier, I won't be able to kill you but I have a way to bring you down," Jiang Xiaohan said with a cold laugh as her eyes twinkled menacingly. "I've already discovered your weakness."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1310:


Chapter 1323 - Suppress

"Is that so?"

Ye Qingyu wouldn't let her words affect him.

"Why don't you give it a shot? Let's see if you'd truly be able to defeat me by attacking my weakness," Ye Qingyu said as he lifted his right hand slightly, as if he were lifting a tower and the [Cloud Top Cauldron] spun in his hand. It rapidly expanded and it finally grew to the size of a giant cauldron as it floated above his right palm.

The supreme artifact's aura circulated around it.

Jiang Xiaohan's expression changed.

After the giant cauldron appeared, all the formation and power of laws within the water realm were quietly suppressed; even the forces within her Divine and Saint Bodies started to circulate even more slowly than before. She recognized this cauldron, because this wasn't the first time Ye Qingyu had summoned it to turn the tables around. However, when she noticed that the cauldron seemed to have become many times more powerful than before, she was extremely astonished. The cauldron had become far more powerful than she could have ever imagined.

The only explanation for this was that the cauldron had not been crafted by Ye Qingyu, having been an extraordinary artifact from the very beginning. As Ye Qingyu grew more and more powerful, the true potential of the cauldron was gradually revealed.

Was Ye Qingyu's unbelievable surge in strength related to this cauldron?

All sorts of ideas flashed past her mind and she felt realization dawning on her.

"Suppress!"

As Ye Qingyu exerted the one hundred eight ancient characters mysterious technique, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] spun and expanded, and soon it was so large that it shrouded the entire water realm. The water realm that was like an abundant ocean suddenly seemed as small as a millet grain under the cauldron. Then, a terrifying devouring force exploded from the cauldron, as though it was attempting to devour the entire universe whole.

"Oh no..." Jiang Xiaohan turned pale.

She realized that she was completely unable to control her movements under the terrifying devouring force of the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. She was sent flying toward the mouth of the cauldron against her will, like a piece of straw being swept into a tempest.

She was filled with terror as she watched the pitch black mouth of the cauldron loom closer; it was as black as the black holes in space. She could sense death lying in wait for her in the depths of the cauldron and knew that she would definitely die if she were to be sucked in.

"Ah..." she howled and struggled with all her might.

Countless divine and saint rays of light exploded from her body. Then, visible chains formed by the power of laws surged frantically, like countless tentacles that dug themselves into the water realm and the void, as she tried to pin her body in place. Two phantom figures of fiendgods appeared behind her, letting out earth-shattering growls that activated the power of heaven and suddenly making demonic flames appear all over the water realm, as though an ancient and primitive fiendgod had come back to life.

Jiang Xiaohan had unleashed all the power she had to break free from the devouring force of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

"Your struggling is pointless," he said simply. He stretched out his left hand, where a dense silver flame of sword will flickered at the tip of his index finger like silver ink, and he used his finger to engrave formations in the void. This was the 'suppress' formation from the one hundred eight ancient characters.

Since he saw the evolution and development of the one hundred eight ancient characters from the 18th district of the Abyss, his mastery of the one hundred eight ancient characters had reached unprecedented heights; he could mobilize the power of the universe with each stroke he made. The moment he finished carving the word 'suppress' into the void, it was as though this character had been imbued with all the powers in the universe.

"Go!"

He pushed this character out with his palm after he had written it, and it shot out like a silvery meteor to land on top of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] trembled violently just then.

As the power of the 'suppress' formation entered it, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] underwent a matchless and mysterious change. Chaotic mist bubbled from the sides of the mouth of the cauldron; nebulae and stars could vaguely be seen within the mouth of the cauldron. The stars and constellations orbited within and the nebulae surged as though a new universe had formed within the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Jiang Xiaohan immediately sensed her strength rapidly fading away like a sand sculpture being swept away by the wind. The two phantom figures of fiendgods behind her were the souls from the Indestructible Divine Body and the Heavenly Saint Body but they were unable to defend themselves against the strength surging from the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. They let out resentful growls, as they were ultimately shredded into wisps of demonic light by the terrifying devouring power, disappearing into the depths of the [Cloud Top Cauldron]!

"No!" Jiang Xiaohan cried out in shock and anger.

Her eyes were fierce and crazed, as though blood was about to drip out of her eyes. At that moment, she resembled a crazed demon.

"Ye Qingyu, how could you be so cruel?" she looked up at Ye Qingyu as though she was looking at a lover who had betrayed her, but Ye Qingyu's expression remained calm throughout.

"You used to be such a beautiful person. Why did you have to go over to the dark side...? Today, it is time to put an end to all grudges and enmity between us," he said calmly.

Chaotic and rapid Dao sounds rang out from the depths of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], which made it seem even more terrifying.

The chains formed from the power of laws, which had surged from Jiang Xiaohan's body, were torn apart; they were no longer able to hold her steady in the water realm and in the void. The green storm divine dragons were also ripped apart by the devouring force from the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Then, Jiang Xiaohan was dragged closer and closer to the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

"Ye Qingyu, do you really mean to kill me?" Jiang Xiaohan asked as she stared straight at him.

Ye Qingyu met her gaze and said, "Every bite and every sip is preordained. You'll have to accept the consequences of your actions."

Ye Qingyu did not feel like he owed her anything.

He had never felt like he had let her down.

"Is that so? You speak of karma but do you know what made me who I am today?" Jiang Xiaohan suddenly stopped struggling and said with a bitter laugh. "I've become who I am today because of you."

"Because of me?" Ye Qingyu said with a cold smile. "You only have yourself to blame for your actions, so why are you pinning this blame on someone else?"

"Do you really not know or are you pretending not to know?" Jiang Xiaohan said with a despairing smile. "Tell me truthfully, did you really not know how I felt about you?"

Ye Qingyu shook his head and said, "I can only see the intent of hell within you and no empathy nor kindness."

"Well, very well... Ye Qingyu, you're not an ice cube nor a withered branch. I know you've shown others mercy but why must you be so heartless toward me... Fine, I'll remember this," Jiang Xiaohan's eyes were filled with despair and anger as she spoke. Her emotions were so intense that it could make one's hair stand on end; her fierce and ruthless expression would have a lasting impression.

"I'll treat others in the same manner that they've treated me," Ye Qingyu said. He wasn't a coldhearted man and he also had an inkling of Jiang Xiaohan's feelings for him, but he was not touched by her feelings for him, because she had chosen her own path in life. Moreover, she had fallen so far into the dark side that he could not bring himself to feel sorry for her.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] shook.

Ultimately, Jiang Xiaohan was sucked into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] spun around slowly before it turned into the size of a fist and landed in the middle of his palm. Then, it gradually stopped spinning.

Ye Qingyu didn't stop to peer into the [Cloud Top Cauldron], but he immediately used the [Void Walk] technique to appear beside the City Lord and Shangguan Wu. Countless rays of sword qi hurtled out, slashing the green storm divine dragons that were holding them hostage into pieces. At the same time, his sword will turned into rain that entered their bodies.

Now that Jiang Xiaohan was held captive within the [Cloud Top Cauldron], she was no longer able to control the sealing force she had planted within their bodies. She was completely trapped within the bronze cauldron, so she couldn't activate the restrictive power within the City Lord's and Shangguan Wu's bodies. He was familiar with the power of formation restrictive arts and also, he had received his Dao foundation from the Storm Martial Emperor, so it wasn't long before he managed to free them both from the restrictive power within their bodies.

"Many thanks, Great Emperor Ye Qingyu."

"Many thanks, Great Emperor."

They shuddered in fear after they had been freed.

The water realm was clearly a secret area that had been constructed by the Storm Martial Emperor; it was hugely significant to Storm City. The mysterious figure that Ye Qingyu had described to them might have possibly been a projection left behind by the Storm Martial Emperor, but Jiang Xiaohan who was an outsider had secretly taken control of that secret location, snatching part of the legacy left behind by the Storm Martial Emperor and controlling the storm power, all of it while they remained oblivious to the fact, despite being the higher-ups of Storm City. If the Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu had not made the trip to Storm City, they could imagine how catastrophic her presence would have been to Storm City.

Although the City Lord was the most powerful person in Storm City and the Commander of the Purple Golden Divine Guards Shangguan Wu was also extremely powerful, these two top-level experts were completely helpless in front of Jiang Xiaohan, having been immediately subdued by her.

Thankfully, Ye Qingyu had managed to bring her down.

After Ye Qingyu made sure that the water realm was safe, also destroying the formations that Jiang Xiaohan had laid in place, the City Lord ordered Shangguan Wu to clean up the battlefield while he escorted Ye Qingyu out of the water realm.

Half a day later.

Ye Qingyu returned to the Immortal Dojo in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain.

Before he left Storm City, he tasked the City Lord to send word of Jiang Xiaohan's whereabouts to Bai Yuqing, the successor of the White Jade Capital.

He had made that trip to Storm City in hopes to speak with the Storm Martial Emperor's projection, because logically speaking, the Storm Martial Emperor was one of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, and also the reincarnation of the Divine Light Emperor. He would definitely be privy to some secrets and might even be able to give Ye Qingyu some clues on the Sky Emperor's whereabouts. Unfortunately, he had been too late and the projection had been devoured by Jiang Xiaohan.

Ye Qingyu took out his [Cloud Top Cauldron] after he returned to the divine temple of the Immortal Dojo.

He hesitated for a moment before he sent his divine sense into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

He had merely trapped her within the [Cloud Top Cauldron] instead of killing her. Although his conscience was clear, he was still hesitant to kill Jiang Xiaohan because they had once been childhood playmates. Ye Qingyu had always been a sentimental man.

"I hope I'll be able to keep her inside for eternity," he mused as he entered the space where he was keeping her captive.

However, he was astonished by what he saw the moment he entered.

What happened?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1311:


Chapter 1324 - You've Already Remembered Me

There was an infinite amount of space within the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and countless spaces, large or small, could be formed inside at the user's will. After Jiang Xiaohan was suppressed, she was held captive within a specially formed area.

However, after his spirit entered the area, he discovered that Jiang Xiaohan's figure was like a transparent block of ice cube that was gradually fading away. She almost resembled a phantom figure by this point and two spheres of bright blood-colored light floated behind her like boiling globes of blood. As they floated mid-air, their shapes constantly shifted; ancient and distant angry growls could be heard within them.

All signs of life were disappearing from Jiang Xiaohan's body.

Ye Qingyu sensed that she was like a mist that could disappear at any moment once the wind blew, wispy and almost non-existent.

It felt like the time when he saw Ye Chongsheng at Black Demon City's imperial maze.

Jiang Xiaohan, whose body was already close to fading into nothingness, suddenly looked up from her cross-legged position on the floor when she sensed his presence. She looked at him with a mysterious smile.

"Hehe, Brother Qingyu, did you finally remember to visit me?" Jiang Xiaohan spoke and her voice was barely discernible.

Ye Qingyu could read some strange information from her gaze and her expression, because Jiang Xiaohan's eyes were bright and clear; she looked relaxed and carefree as she spoke, as though she had returned to the time when she had been proud of coming in first. The hate and anger that she had expressed when he suppressed her were nowhere to be found.

Something seemed wrong.

He remained silent and frowned.

"Haha, Brother Qingyu, no matter what happens, you'll now remember me forever, right?" Jiang Xiaohan said lightly. Gone was the fierce and savage expression worn as she was devoured by the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. It seemed like she had broken free of her inner demons within the span of half a day. He couldn't detect any anger or resentment when she smiled.

Ye Qingyu remained silent.

He wouldn't sympathize nor empathize with her plight, but he had to admit that she was right. He would remember her for the rest of his life—even though the memories were unpleasant.

Jiang Xiaohan burst out laughing once again, when she saw that Ye Qingyu was silent.

Her carefree laughter sounded like the songs that sylphs hummed when they flitted across the yellowing forest of the mountain valley.

"I think, I already know the answer to that," she said with a smile.

Her body, as transparent as ice, suddenly turned even more transparent. It was as though the ice had started to melt. In an instant, all that was left was a faint and misty outline of her figure. Then, she quickly started to disappear as if a breeze had blown her misty figure away.

"I hope you'll like my presents, Brother Qingyu. We'll meet again," she said before she finally disappeared.

Ye Qingyu was astonished.

He could sense that Jiang Xiaohan had completely disappeared from the space that he held her captive, and her disappearance did not feel as if she had fled. Instead, it seemed like she had died, as though a lamp had been blown out, ice had melted, or steam had evaporated. She was truly no longer around.

However, her last words left him with a bad premonition.

Did Jiang Xiaohan leave any other traps behind?

Ye Qingyu's gaze fell on the two blood spheres that were still floating in the void.

If he guessed correctly, these two were the 'presents' that she had been referring to earlier. He detected a familiar aura surging and swirling around those two globes of blood and recognized them as the energy aura from the Heavenly Saint Body and Indestructible Divine Body that Jiang Xiaohan had brought out in battle earlier.

"Could it be..."

An idea flashed past his mind.

Jiang Xiaohan's [All Energy-Absorption Body] could become more powerful through devouring and converting the energy of whatever she consumed into her own. She wasn't imitating their strength but rather, she had taken and absorbed their foundation. According to many theories of the formation martial way, the foundation of a martial artist was contained within his flesh and blood, so it was highly possible that the [All Energy-Absorption Body] devoured the flesh and blood when devouring other body types.

Could those two flickering balls of blood be the Heavenly Saint Body's and the Indestructible Divine Body's foundation flesh and blood?

Did this mean that they had been separated from her body after he had suppressed her strength? Could this be the manifestation of their foundation flesh and blood?

He looked at these two blood spheres in contemplation.

If his guess was right, this would mean that they contained the largest mysteries of the two magical body types since ancient times, the Heavenly Saint Body and the Indestructible Divine Body. If he refined and absorbed these two body types into his own, he could become like Jiang Xiaohan and wield the power of these two divine body types.

It would also mean that these two globes of blood were extremely precious. They didn't pale in comparison to Emperor scriptures and in fact, they were even more precious than Emperor scriptures. After all, according to legend and classical records, the Heavenly Saint Body and the Indestructible Divine Body were almost as strong as Martial Emperors at the grand maturity stage.

In order to prove his hypothesis, he used the one hundred eight ancient characters to lay out restrictions to prevent any accidents from happening, then he started to divide his divine sense into tiny wispy tentacles that slowly moved toward those two balls of blood.

"Hiss..."

He gasped.

Those two balls of blood were indeed filled with chains of laws and the Dao principles that were as abundant as a sea of fog. They were like two independent tiny worlds and the mysteries of their body types that astounded the world were contained within the criss-crossing blood-colored web of the chains of laws and Dao principles.

Time ticked by as Ye Qingyu closely examined these balls of blood.

A day later.

Ye Qingyu stood on the stone steps in front of the great hall and looked down at the disciples who were cultivating and meditating in the Immortal Dojo. He lifted both hands slightly and two balls of blood spun in the palms of his hands.

"I've already completely comprehended the mysteries of the two divine body types," he mused.

However, he wasn't extremely thrilled because he had merely done this out of curiosity.

Although these two were ancient divine body types and extremely rare, with the exception of some mysteries contained within the Dao principles chains that he could use as a reference, most of the mysteries contained within them were useless to him.

The mysteries within the spheres of blood were very well-defined because Jiang Xiaohan had used her [All Energy-Absorption Body] to refine them; there wasn't any dense fog in the way that obstructed him. Thus, it saved him a lot of effort. It was also extremely easy to absorb them in their current state, so he could easily take control of them, but he would not do so.

This was because he had cultivated his nameless breathing technique and had many miraculous encounters, so his physical strength was so powerful that a strength of this level was hardly seen in the world. Jiang Xiaohan couldn't even defeat Ye Qingyu with two body types, so he was sure that his own body type was comparable to them; there was no need to give up his present body type for these two.

However, he wouldn't ignore their value.

He decided that he would give these two body types to his disciples.

He had even decided whom he wanted to give them to. He would give the Heavenly Saint Body to Bai Yuanxing because the technique he cultivated, the [Heavenly Blind Way], was a close-combat technique, so it would be perfect when used in combination with the hardy Heavenly Saint Body. As for the Indestructible Divine Body, he would give it to Jin Ling'er.

These two people were also his earliest disciples who were the most loyal to him. They were also very talented and blessed with a strong aptitude, and their cultivation techniques were a perfect match with their body types, so he wanted to use this to help his top two disciples of the Immortal Dojo become even more powerful at a faster rate.

Ye Qingyu thought of the mysteries of the two divine bodies and he merely needed to find their compatible points. All power and might was built on the power of Dao laws, so he was contemplating how to combine the mysteries of these two divine bodies into his own cultivation, to increase the combat strength of his own body.

He also remembered the words Jiang Xiaohan had said before she disappeared and was even more certain that she was still alive.

Bai Yuanxing and Jin Ling'er soon arrived at the great hall.

"Master," they said as they greeted him with a bow.

Ye Qingyu nodded and sent the sphere of blood that contained the Heavenly Saint Body into Bai Yuanxing's body while he sent the Indestructible Divine Body into Jin Ling'er's.

"Use your qi to absorb and refine their foundations," Ye Qingyu said telepathically as he told them about the mysteries and secrets that these two balls of blood contained.

He also told them to refine that strength as soon as possible, so once they managed to merge with the blood spheres, they would be able to transform their body constitution in a heaven-defying manner and obtain the power contained within these two ancient bodies.

Then, he remained at the Immortal Dojo and observed the progress and development of the new disciples.

He was powerful enough to be able to see how they improved day by day and what they had comprehended. Naturally, he could also tell that his disciples were all at different stages of development; the effectiveness of how they cultivated was also completely different. He wanted to see the similarities despite their differences.

He observed them patiently and seemed to have forgotten about everything else, as he fully immersed himself in the task.

Six months later, he received news from the Dark Realm.

"Your Highness, there are some strange changes on the Invaders in the Chaos district. According to the scouts, it is highly likely that they will launch a large-scale attack soon," Ling Yun said. He had come from the Unmoving City of Darkness to deliver the news.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1312:


Chapter 1325 - Group Army

In the Dark Realm.

Mountain ranges meandered across the horizon in the western frontier of the Great Wall. The Great Wall was a miracle of the formation martial way civilization. It was ten thousand meters tall, and fortified with countless formations, making it as sturdy as gold. After the Guardian's camp had painstakingly refined it over the years, the Great Wall could now be considered an impregnable fortification.

The loud booms from the battle drums thundered across the sky.

Smoke filled the air, fires blazed brightly and the strong stench of decaying corpses spread across the western frontier. The corpses of the Invaders piled up and they were as high as a small hill. As the formations were activated and martial artists produced large blazing fires, countless corpses of the Invaders were burnt; the fat within their corpses were used to keep the fires blazing brightly.

Song Xiaojun stood at the Great Wall and looked down at the carnage below. The area below the city walls all the way to the horizon in the distance was completely filled with Invaders that charged maniacally at the Great Wall. They had only been battling for less than a day, but there were already more than a million corpses of the Invaders that piled up under the Great Wall.

"The Invaders have launched an attack on all fronts. The Great Wall stretches on for tens of thousands of kilometers, but almost every defensive point has been attacked," Marquis Tingtao Lin Xuan who was standing behind her said. "Strangely though, the Invaders have yet to launch any aerial attacks. Until now, I haven't heard any news about aerial attacks from the defensive checkpoints."

Song Xiaojun nodded.

It was indeed strange.

The scale of attacks at the moment hardly posed a threat to the Great Wall; after so many years, the commanders of the Invaders should be well aware of this fact. Yet, they had spent an entire day fruitlessly attacking the Great Wall and there weren't any signs of their attacks stopping. Moreover, it was a large-scale attack on all fronts, so they couldn't possibly be doing this out of boredom, right?

It did not seem possible.

Song Xiaojun's regular troops from the Unmoving City of Darkness, stationed along the border of the Great Wall, understood the Invaders best. Most ordinary soldiers would assume that the Invaders were merely savage beasts who only reacted to their basal instincts, only knowing how to kill, but those who had truly fought in the depths of the Chaos district would know that the Invaders were controlled by their commanders; they were as cunning and scheming as the intellectual races from the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm.

"Send out the Quasi-emperor scouts, deep into the Chaos district to have a look," Song Xiaojun ordered.

"Yes," Lin Xuan said and went to cascade the orders down to the troops.

The Quasi-emperor level scouts were the most elite scouts stationed at the border of the Great Wall. According to [The Beginning], they were the most special and elite force in the army; they were the true trump cards. The military scout force had also been specially formed at [The Beginning’s] suggestion.

The mobilization of the Quasi-emperor military scouts showed how serious the situation was.

The Invaders' attacks were currently causing as much damage as a thunderstorm. Although they had launched a full-scale attack, it was clear that it would be impossible for them to break past a single line of defense stationed at the Great Wall. However, this attack seemed so strange that Lin Xuan supported Song Xiaojun's decision and also felt that they had to find out the truth behind these attacks.

Over the years, Lin Xuan had always been Song Xiaojun's right-hand man and the second-in-command of the troops stationed along the Great Wall. As a commander who had achieved commendable feats in battle back at the Guardians' camp, his talent and ability alone would rank him amongst the top ten in the Guardians' camp. Thus, he was also a little proud and conceited, but after interacting with Song Xiaojun, he was full of admiration for this young Martial Empress commander-in-chief.

Song Xiaojun's tactics and abilities were even more outstanding than her beauty.

"I'm not surprised that people are saying that the Emperor of Darkness and the Great Emperor are a perfect couple. Indeed, she is talented and wise enough to be a good match for the Great Emperor," Lin Xuan exclaimed to himself as he stood on the Great Wall and looked at the battle below.

The troops stationed at the Great Wall could see Song Xiaojun's and Lin Xuan's figures from a distance; they looked at them with respect and admiration. After Song Xiaojun and Lin Xuan had led them through major battles and small skirmishes, and as they watched how Song Xiaojun and Lin Xuan handled various matters, all the troops were in awe and respect of both their commanders. Even an ordinary soldier was willing to die for their commander.

The morale of the troops was higher than ever before.

However, Song Xiaojun and Lin Xuan did not notice that this was the beginning of an epic battle that would last a thousand years. It wouldn't be long before all the races in the world would be swept into this never-ending struggle.

A ray of flowing light ripped across the sky like a black sun.

This was the signal used by the Unmoving City of Darkness to convey serious military information.

Song Xiaojun froze for a moment when she saw the signal, before joy spread across her face.

She turned to board a flying ship that was parked at the hangar and flew back toward the Unmoving City of Darkness.

...

"The Great Emperor has returned."

This piece of news spread like wildfire across the defensive frontline of the Great Wall.

These news excited countless Dark One tribes while many soldiers from the Guardians' camp secretly trembled in fear.

After the coronation of the Immortal God Emperor, the old order was gradually being taken apart while a new order was slowly taking its place. The Dark Ones who had once been as lowly as slaves had their status elevated, and the many unfair rules and regulations that had been imposed on the Dark Ones had been lifted. On the other hand, the noblemen of the Guardians' camp no longer enjoyed such a lofty status and their special status had been revoked, their titles and status under the new government had also greatly decreased.

Any change and reform would never be a smooth-sailing journey and it would be accompanied by blood and violence. Even though many years had passed and Ye Qingyu had used violent methods to wipe out the stubborn Emperor races within the Guardians' camp, there were still noblemen and well-known aristocratic families who were ready to start a rebellion at any point, because of the erosion of their interests. This was especially so for the noblemen who once ruled over the various regions. Over the years, the older noble families and stubborn Emperor races would join forces in an attempt to fight against the Immortal military headquarters.

However, their efforts were all in vain.

Ye Qingyu still had full control over the Dark Realm, even when he wasn't present. He had already put in place a clear division of labor. [The Beginning] and [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] were to join forces to quell all internal unrest and used the newly formed troops of the Fire Province and the Earth Province to put a stop to all internal unrest, while the Martial Empress Song Xiaojun was to lead the troops stationed along the Great Wall to defend against the Invaders attacking from the outside. Song Xiaojun had the authority to preside over all military matters, regardless of how major or minor they were.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and Song Xiaojun were both true heroes and top talents. In terms of skill and intellect, they ranked amongst the best of their generation. Furthermore, they also had the support of the top optical brain in [The Beginning] and its powerful predictive ability, so this combination was practically invincible.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and his troops from the Fire Province had already ruthlessly crushed all dissenters over the past few years. It wasn't an exaggeration to claim that more people from the rebellious Guardians' noblemen's camp had been defeated, crushed, slaughtered,and had been killed over this period than during the extinction of noblemen and well-known families over the past thousand years.

All dissent within the Dark Realm had been rooted out and eliminated.

After the initial pain of reform, an abundant vitality started to burst forth from this world, that had once been as quiet as still water.

Song Xiaojun's methods were also equally violent, as she quelled all unrest at the frontiers of the Great Wall.

She wiped out all dissenters from Guardians' troops, under the command of the four main supreme commanders, executing many evil officials under martial law. Many generals with ulterior motives were either demoted or dismissed and the four main troops of the Guardians camp were now completely under Song Xiaojun's control. Thus, the four supreme commanders who were originally in command could no longer stir up much trouble.

She had also employed clever tactics to unite hundreds of Dark One tribes under her command. Since the Guardians' camp started to govern the Dark Realm, society had been in decline over the past thousands of centuries. This was the first time the supreme commander wielded such strong power and authority over the troops at the Great Wall.

The frontier along the Great Wall where Song Xiaojun had absolute command of, had basically earned more wins than losses when the Invaders came attacking the day before. Her soldiers had charged out of the city gates to battle the Invaders outside the city; this was completely different from the battle tactics of the past, when neither the four supreme commanders nor the Dark One tribes would have dared to leave the Great Wall to fight the Invaders outside the confines of the wall.

A current Martial Emperor could definitely bring about revolutionary changes.

Moreover, in addition to Song Xiaojun, the Emperor of Darkness of the Unmoving City of Darkness, there was someone even more invincible and terrifying. This person was the Immortal God Emperor, who sat high up in the heavens and observed all life down below. No single force or person dared to defy the orders of two current Martial Emperors and even the previous Martial Emperors from the Guardians camp in the past had quietly vanished; they did not dare to appear to battle against the Immortal God Emperor.

The Immortal God Emperor had command over all things.

This was a fact that no one across the various provinces, races, Dark One tribes, and Guardians' camp could deny.

The Immortal God Emperor rose slowly but surely like the morning sun.

Thus, everyone was shocked when they heard that the Immortal God Emperor had personally paid a visit to the western frontier of the Great Wall.

Countless soldiers and generals watched as the Immortal God Emperor made an appearance at the frontier of the Great Wall at dusk. This was also the period where the Invaders were at their fiercest. He was accompanied by the Emperor of Darkness and her deputy commander Lin Xuan, as well as thousands of other generals.

The battle drums thundered, cheers rose and fell in waves all around.

"The Immortal God Emperor!"

"The Immortal God Emperor!"

These resounding cheers rose and fell in waves, as countless soldiers raised their hands high in the air and cheered. Even the Invaders who acted as cannon fodder to repeatedly attack the Great Wall—they could feel the morale of the soldiers stationed at the Great Wall soar. There was also a moment when their attacks suddenly became more hesitant.

"A sword is raised and a horse is ridden, all amidst a ghostly rain and white bones pile up to the sky where the crows caw like thunder."

The blood-colored rays of the setting sun splashed across the battlefield; the Great Wall and heaven and earth took on a tragic tint. Ye Qingyu could sense the murderous intent swirling around the battlefield, and although the troops guarding the Great Wall managed to hold their ground, there were still casualties and injuries. Life suddenly seemed so fragile in the face of a battle.

"Your Highness, according to the military scouts, there is a constant stream of Invaders acting as cannon fodder attacking the area all around the Chaos district. They are rushing toward the Great Wall like a boundless wave with no end in sight; there's no sign of them stopping. This attacking momentum may probably last more than a month," Lin Xuan reported respectfully.

The military scouts he sent out in the afternoon had already returned with their reports.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

"Tell them to continue scouting and come back with reports," Song Xiaojun said.

"Yes."

Another series of orders was cascaded down to the scouts.

"Tell them to continue defending the Great Wall for a month, and let the troops get used to the pace of fighting. Then, execute Operation Spring Thunder and battle the Invaders out in the field," Ye Qingyu said. He had reviewed the battle plan that [The Beginning] and the Great Wall troops had devised; he finally approved after he confirmed that they didn't miss anything out.

Many generals' faces lit up with joy after he formally approved the plan.

Since the reorganization of the military soldiers stationed at the Great Wall, military discipline was strict and there were many martial laws in place. But at the same time, their achievements were also clearly recognized and those soldiers who had achieved commendable feats in battle had all been generously rewarded. Thus, these soldiers stationed at the Great Wall were sure that battling the Invaders outside the Great Wall was the surest and fastest way to be rewarded for their military contributions.

The generals who were privy to insider news were also aware that the military advisers had devised many military strategies; some strategies placed more emphasis on defense while others placed more emphasis on attack. Operation Spring Thunder was the strategy that placed the most emphasis on a fierce attack. It was said that many people questioned this strategy after it was proposed; they thought it was the strategy that would cause the military to suffer the most losses. Their gains might outweigh their losses, so even the Emperor of Darkness was a little hesitant to execute the plan.

No one expected the Immortal God Emperor to select this radical plan the moment he arrived at the Great Wall.

Many ambitious generals who wanted to be recognized for their contributions in battle were also extremely excited.

They could sense his noble aspirations and astonishing aura.

It was undeniably an honor and privilege to be rendering their services to this peerless Great Emperor.

Song Xiaojun nodded and accepted Ye Qingyu's decision after he announced Operation Spring Thunder.

She would never question his choices but would do her best to execute them.

This was also the same for Lin Xuan, her second-in-command.

Ye Qingyu looked at the Invaders that surged toward the Great Wall in waves; he was also trying to figure out the intent of the commanders controlling these Invaders. These commanders knew that it would be impossible for these Invaders to break past the defense of the Great Wall, so what exactly were they planning to do? Were they planning to tire out the troops along the Great Wall before launching their true attack?

No matter what their intention was, he did not plan to let the Invaders step into the Great Wall at all.

He decided that he wanted to test the troops at the Great Wall and the Dark Realm on a deeper level. It would implement the military systems from the Earth's civilization throughout the military.

The reform many years ago had just been the beginning.

Evidently, he didn't need to worry about those things.

He was more concerned about another issue—where exactly was the defeated Sky Emperor? That man was a canker sore that had to be rooted out at all costs. Otherwise, he had the potential to bring about catastrophic damage. He even guessed that the Invaders' attack was probably related to the Sky Emperor. After all, the Guardians' camp had once secretly plotted and joined forces with the Invaders, so he could see the Sky Emperor mark on this.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

