Chapter 53:


Chapter 53 – The Ye Mansion

As he neared, Ye Qingyu could clearly see the writings on the banner.

A thought passed through his mind.

During his time at the [Grievance Hall], he had heard about this from the little loli. The Azure Phoenix students had set up sparring arenas throughout the first, second, third, and fourth year areas respectively. They had defeated many strong opponents of White Deer Academy, becoming more and more arrogant as time went on. Ye Qingyu did not think that it had progressed to such an extent.

These two banners were erected by the Azure Phoenix Academy.

Just from looking at this phrase, one was able to know the extent of how conceited the people of Azure Phoenix Academy were. Placing such a banner within the practice grounds of White Deer Academy was not only a provocation; it was a fierce slap in the face.

But since the banner was able to be erected for such a long time without it being taken down, very evidently no one was able to stand up within White Deer Academy and defeat the students of Azure Phoenix Academy.

The ring was surrounded by a considerable number of White Deer Academy students. Their expressions were all filled with fury, but not one of them entered to challenge.

Some people saw that Ye Qingyu had appeared, instantly cheering.

A large number of students of White Deer Academy remembered the incident that had happened in front of the entrance of the library a few days ago. In an instant, their hearts filled with expectation. If Demon King Ye was willing to act, then these two humiliating banners on the ring could definitely be trashed!

But very quickly, they were disappointed.

Because Demon King Ye was only passing by. He only had a glance from far away, then walked away uninterestedly. There was not the slightest indication that he would act out in the sparring arena, his figure quickly disappearing into the trees far off…

“He left just like that?”

“Could it be that even Demon King Ye is afraid?”

“This is too disappointing.”

“Disappointing your fart. Demon King Ye not acting out is extremely normal. Haha, the so called number one person of the first years, Qin Wushuang why does he not act? He is usually famous and showered with compliments, but he does not act in key moments. That is what is truly hateful!”

“That’s right!”

“Hehe, these noble students normally would slander and vilify Demon King Ye in a hundred ways. Now that they need his strength, this kind of countenance is really unsightly…”

Within the crowd, another topic of discussion was argued back and forth.

……

Administration area.

Applying for skipping a year was much simpler than Ye Qingyu had imagined.

Originally he had thought that there would be a lengthy application process and strength determination testing. Who would have thought the entire process would be so simple? After filling in a simple form, the sleepy white-haired head of administration only casually glanced at Ye Qingyu. With a flick of her brush, she accepted the application.

“From tomorrow onwards, you can go to the second year area for training. You don’t have to worry about the things that will occur afterwards, everything will be handled for you.”

The white-haired head of administration took Ye Qingyu’s nameplate back. A light in her palm flashed, the information in the nameplate being changed and rewritten. Throwing it back, she waved her hand, kicking Ye Qingyu out.

Demon King Ye was slightly confused as he walked out of the administration area.

This was a little too smooth.

Could it be that the people in the administration area had long known that he would come here to apply to jump a year, so they had already prepared beforehand?

Ye Qingyu guessed in his heart.

He did not know that from the beginning of the academy to the present day, they had already developed a very complete system in these decades. In the years that past, there would be a genius that had a cultivation speed far outstripping their peers, so jumping a year was not such a rare incident.

The white-haired administration head had strength that was unfathomable. Just through one glance, she was able to discern a student’s cultivation, and as long as their cultivation was at the required level, skipping a year was an easy thing to do.

Ye Qingyu examined the new name plate in his hands. After a moment of observation, a triumph spread throughout his heart.

“Jumping a year is successful, from now on I can enter and leave as I please from White Deer Academy.”

After some consideration, he did not return to the dormitory. Instead, he headed straight for the entrance of the White Deer Academy. He had already been in the academy for five months straight; truly, he was impatient to take a wander out in Deer City.

In truth, Demon King Ye was a young man that liked action and liveliness from the depths of his bones.

……

Two hours later.

Ye Qingyu appeared in front of his parents’ graves.

Although only five months had passed, but the grave was already overgrown with wild weeds, somewhat in a decline. The graves were completely covered with grass, and after several torrential rainstorms, the graveyard was scoured thoroughly, the gravestones at a slant and nearly falling…

Ye Qingyu respectfully kneeled and bowed in front of the grave, then began the process of tidying it.

After spending an hour of time, the graveyard was once again returned to its clean and tidy state.

Ye Qingyu sat in front of the grave and took out a piece of paper from his chest.

On it was a dense list of things he needed to do.

His gaze landed on the first row of characters.

“To revive the Ye family, first I must take back the Ye ancestral home and return the memorial tablets of my mother and father to their place…”

Ye Qingyu clenched his fists.

This day, had finally arrived.

……

Deer City.

North district.

With less than five kilometers from the poor district, there was an area for the wealthy and the nobles. Stately mansions were located in this area, with fresh and clean air, tree lined streets, spacious and tidy, birds chirping, butterflies fluttering. A beautiful scenery.

This was the wealthy district of the Northern part of the city.

In the north west of the wealthy district, there was a mansion that could not be counted as extremely large. It covered a radius of less than a hundred acres, but the terrain was relatively elevated. There were streams passing through the mansion, with a large and expansive courtyard. Pavilions and porches scattered throughout, with an intricate architecture. There was a faint sense that it was tightly guarded, something contrary to its peaceful appearance.

The entrance of the mansion was from the south.

On the bright red board, the two dazzling words, ‘Ding Family’ was written.

The mahogany doors were six feet wide, and there were two sculptures made of white marble, three feet tall Bixie* guarding the two sides of the door.

Ding Kaixuan was the current owner of this mansion.

To speak of the history of this mansion, Ding Kaixuan could not help but to feel triumphant.

He had a noble title, but within Deer City, he could only be counted as a third class noble. When compared to the true nobles of the various forces of Deer City, he was by far lacking.

However, Ding Kaixuan had always been adept at looking out for his own personal gain.

This mansion originally belonged to the Ye family. The husband and wife of the Ye family had died in the battle to safeguard the city and only left an ignorant son. Ding Kaixuan saw his opportunity and used some underhanded methods, nearly without expending any financial resources, and through extortion managed to obtain this mansion.

And the servants and maids that originally belonged to the Ye family also became the resources of the Ding family.

In these years, Ding Kaixuan had grown accustomed to this mansion, finding the lifestyle here extremely comfortable. He decided that he might as well move from his original mansion; as a result, he was often present here.

The things that happened till here seemed to occur very smoothly.

But ever since approximately five months ago, the only son of the Ye family, Ye Qingyu, suddenly became a White Deer Academy student with exceptional talent from the original idiotic retard that he was. Ding Kaixuan could not rest easy from then on.

He began to worry, if Ye Qingyu came back fully-fledged and looking for trouble, and the things in the past came to light, then there would be issues.

Therefore, since then, Ding Kaixuan began to plan, and make some preparations.

He expended a large amount of money to hire an expert to protect the mansion.

Ever since the morning, Ding Kaixuan had always felt his right eyebrow twitching. He was restless and agitated, as if something bad was about to happen. His mood was extremely poor.

During lunch, something finally happened.

A servant, when placing the utensils on the table, accidentally dropped a silver chopstick on the ground. The silver chopstick fell to ground with a ding, attracting the attention of everyone.

The agitated Ding Kaixuan was instantly enraged, ordering the woman to be hung up and beaten without any other explanation.

“Hmph, servant scum, daring to neglect me! I see you don’t want to live…” Ding Kaixuan roared.

His unfounded anger was all vented on this woman.

At this time, Ding Kaixuan could already recognize that this forty-year-old woman was namely a servant from the previous Ye family. And she should be one of the nurses of the only son of the Ye family, Ye Qingyu.

This made him inexplicably angrier.

Whip after whip was struck. The pitiful woman’s clothes were torn apart as she fainted from the pain.

“Pretending to be dead? Hmph, continue to beat her, if you beat her to death then find a place to bury her,” Ding Kaixuan’s anger was still burning, shouting in a loud voice.

Within the courtyard, the servants were all gathered together, not daring to plead for mercy.

“Don’t, don’t! Master, I beg you, my mother did not do it intentionally, please spare my mother!” A young girl rushed out, desperately protecting the woman with her own body, begging bitterly.

The little girl seemed to be only thirteen or fourteen years of age, with features that could be called delicate and pretty. Although she wore the rough clothes of a servant girl, her appearance was somewhat striking. Currently, her tears were like rain, tightly hugging the unconscious woman and convulsing with fear as if she was a skylark scared and shivering in cold during a rainstorm.

She was the daughter of the woman, her name was Little Grass.

Seeing her mother be beaten to such a state without any reason, Little Grass had long been frightened out of her wits. She was only a pitiful little child, how could she be able to protect her mother in front of the ruthless and savage whips of the guards. Very quickly, she had endured several whips, her body stained with blood.

“Little lowly servant, you dare block? Hmph, your guts are not small to not even care about my words. Come, drag her to one side, I’ll let this little lowly servant see with her own eyes her mother being beaten to death. To make me, Ding Kaixuan, unhappy, what the consequences of that are…”

Ding Kaixuan roared like a mad dog, still with an unknown anger.

At this time, the pitiful woman, under the intense pain, finally awoke.

She desperately pushed her daughter away.

“Little Grass, don’t pay attention to mother… You… must … live on… One day… your Brother Ye will come back…” The woman was covered with blood, forcefully opening her eyes and letting out a few weak and feeble words.

“No mother. I need you to live. If you are not here, what will I do?” Little Grass began shedding tears of horror.

Her father had died in the battle to defend the city four years ago, and in these years, she and her mother relied on each other for survival. Every day was tough and arduous, but in the end they could support each other. The little girl could not imagine, if she lost her mother, in this cruel and cold world, the she without any relatives, how could she survive.

“What are you doing standing there? Beat her, cruelly beat her…” Ding Kaixuan, as if he had gone mad, shrieked.

*For those who are interested, its an ancient Chinese mythological creature.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pixiu

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 54:


Chapter 54 – Why are You Still Here?

The guards once again lifted their whips maliciously.

At this time, suddenly another guard came rushing in. He came in front of Ding Kaixuan, clasping his hands together. He said, “Master, outside the entrance a youth is asking to see you…”

“Youth? What youth?” Ding Kaixuan impatiently waved his hand. “Tell him to scram, your master I doesn’t have the mood to see some assorted trash.”

The guard hesitated for a moment. “Master, this youth is a student of White Deer Academy.”

The students of White Deer Academy were all martial artists. In Deer City, they had a certain status and respect given to them.

“White Deer Academy?” Ding Kaixuan was slightly taken aback, then instantly quivered, realizing something. “How old is he… did you ask what his name is?”

“He seems to be around fourteen years old. This subordinate has asked, he said his family name is Ye, and his name is Qingyu.” The guard nodded his head.

He was not able to see that once he finished his words, Ding Kaixuan’s facial expression changing entirely. Fury and fear flashed across his eyes, his expression undergoing a myriad of changes, and finally looking gloomy.

Ding Kaixuan did not think that the thing that would come would come so fast.

It was not that he had never thought about the possibility of the descendant from the Ye family coming. But he had never imagined the day would come so quickly; Ye Qingyu had not even been in White Deer Academy for five months. According to normal reasoning, only after a year could he enter the second year and be free to leave White Deer Academy…

In these days, Ding Kaixuan had sent people to gather information about Ye Qingyu’s performance within White Deer Academy. He was able to obtain some vague news such as Ye Qingyu offending Qin Wushuang and being confined within the [Grievance Hall]. Only through hearing that could his heart settle down…

Putting all this information together, Ding Kaixuan judged that the descendant of the Ye family, in the near future, absolutely could not pose any sort of threat to him.

But the problem was, why had the day arrived so early?

In this moment, countless thoughts passed through Ding Kaixuan’s mind.

He was about the say something, when he suddenly saw a teenager wearing a long black robe. As if taking a stroll, he came closer step by step. Stepping into the inner courtyard, and heading towards the main hall…

This teenager did not look to be over fourteen or fifteen years old with a muscular body. His thick black hair was tied back with a white hair band, hanging loose to the waist. He had sword-like eyebrows and a star-like gaze with an angular face. Especially his pair of eyes, like a cold star in the dark night, as if it was flashing with an electric light.

Behind him, he carried a black spear holster with a spear the thickness of a young child’s arm that was able to be seen behind his back. The two spears were around one meter and eight centimeters long, and the black body of the spear had a heavy sinister killing aura emitting from it.

The youth walked closer step by step, his gaze glancing at the architecture all around. He displayed a type of lament, thinking of the past and sighing. He completely disregarded the other people in the main hall…

“Where did such a wild kid come from, to dare to barge into the Ding mansion…” after being surprised for a moment, a guard immediately rushed out shouting.

The black-robed youth swung his arm.

Xiu!

This guard who was at the peak of the fifth stage of the ordinary martial level, flew out like a kite. He landed on the ground, struggling for a long time but still not managing to get up.

Everyone was greatly stunned.

“You… you are Ye Qingyu?” Ding Kaixuan did not need to ask, he immediately knew the name of this teenager

The black-robed teenager lifted his head and gave him a glance, his gaze filled with a strange dissatisfaction. Instead of answering the question, he asked instead, “Why are you still here?”

Ding Kaixuan hesitated.

What did these words mean?

Why can I not be here?

He suppressed the anger in his heart and gave a discreet signal to the guards next to him. Then a seemingly amiable smile appeared on his face. He said, “I wonder why the young master of the Ye family has come here to my place, do you have some business?”

“Your place?” Ye Qingyu gave a mocking smile. “This is the Ye family, why can I not come?”

Ding Kaixuan’s expression changed, his face darkening. “Little children are young and are naïve so I won’t blame you. This place that used to be Ye family now is the Ding mansion. You trespassed on the Ding mansion without reason, this is violating the laws of the Snow Country. In consideration of your young age, I won’t take matters further. Quickly leave!”

Coordinating with Ding Kaixuan’s strict and threatening tone, tens of guards pulled out their blades. They pressed closer from all sides, emitting a killing aura, their faces sinister.

Ye Qingyu gave a light smile, lifting his head and looking at Ding Kaixuan. He said bitingly, “I don’t want the blood of outsiders to pollute the ancestral home of the Ye family. I’ll give you thirty minutes of time, obediently scram, or else…”

Before he had finished speaking.

An abundant and irresistible yuan qi energy exploded from around Ye Qingyu. The tens of guards around him, amidst their screams, were forced stuttering backwards by this energy, not being able to stay in balance.

Ding Kaixuan with wide eyes retreated several steps, his face changing completely.

“Lei Gongfong, are you still not going to act?” He cried darkly.

As he finished his sentence, a bear-like man with a body like an iron tower walked out from the shadows.

This person was around thirty years of age and two meters tall, with bulging muscles that was similar to that of a massive bear. It was unknown how he was able to hide in the shadows; previously, no one had discovered him, as if he did not exist at all…

But when he stood out, the ferocious aura emitted from his enormous body was enough to make people feel as if a ten-thousand-pound-boulder was pressing against their chest. There was an illusion of suffocation, as if dark clouds were pressing down.

“Keke, a little child knowing some superficial skills, dares to come out and flaunt?” The Lei Gongfong with a steel body, laughed like an owl. “White Deer Academy has really declined, it’s getting worse with each generation!”

Ding Kaixuan’s face, also displayed a malevolent intention.

This Lei Gongfong was someone that he had spent much financial resources into hiring, a Spirit spring expert. He was infamous throughout, cruel and ruthless. Normally there was not much use for him, but today with Lei Gongfong here, he could definitely take care of the descendant of the Ye family.

Opposite.

Ye Qingyu only took a glance at Lei Gongfong, then lost his interest.

He suddenly sniffed, smelling a bloody odour. Realizing something, his gaze passed by the crowds, finally landing on the pitiful woman hanging from midair far off in the distance outside the main hall.

“This is…” Ye Qingyu’s heart shook, recognizing the woman covered in blood. “It’s Aunt Lan!”

Xiu!

Everyone felt a blur zip across their vision.

The Ye Qingyu who was originally within the main hall, through a flicker of his shadow, disappeared. The next instant, he appeared outside the main hall.

Che!

The ropes were sliced apart by the wind from his palm.

Ye Qingyu lifted his hand, catching the woman into his embrace. His left hand extended and an invisible yuan qi shot out, grabbing hold of a chair covered with beast fur, and placing the woman onto the chair.

“Mother, mother…” Little Grass quickly rushed over to protect her mother.

The woman woke up from her unconsciousness again and felt a pain as if her body was being stabbed. In her sight, there was a young and handsome face, faintly familiar. Enduring her pain, she said, “Child, you… you are…”

“Aunt Lan, it’s me. I’m little Yu. Aunt Lan, I’m sorry, I’ve come late…” Ye Qingyu was greatly shaken within his heart.

The woman’s name was Qin Lan, and was one of the nurses of Ye Qingyu. It was said that Ye Qingyu’s real mother did not possess any milk when Ye Qingyu was small, and it was this nurse that had raised Ye Qingyu with her milk. Qin Lan’s husband was a guard of the Ye family, and in the battle of the city, died along with Ye Qingyu’s parents.

After the Ye family’s property and mansion was forcefully taken, Qin Lan and her daughter Little Grass were both seized as servants and Ye Qingyu was forced to live on the streets, with no way to resist. Although Ye Qingyu was still young at that time, but from the last words of his father, he could vaguely guess at some of the hidden meanings within. In order not to involve or implicate Qin Lan and her daughter, in these four years, he had not contacted them at all.

Until he had entered White Deer Academy and possessed sufficient strength, was his first action be to rush to recover the Ye family home. One reason was solely for the sake of retaking the mansion but at the same time, he wanted to see Qin Lan and her daughter again and free the servants that had been seized by the Ding family…

Who would have thought, the first scene that he would see when he returned would be this.

An anger began burning from Ye Qingyu’s innards!

“Little trash, I’m speaking to you, you dare ignore me…” Lei Gongfong also exited the main hall with large steps. His face was slightly hard to look at; he had not been able to stop Ye Qingyu’s actions, causing him to lose face.

“Little Yu… Quickly go… You…” Qin Lan understood what had just happened, hurriedly pushing Ye Qingyu away. From her perspective, a fourteen-year-old teenager was definitely not the opponent of such a fierce and bloodthirsty Lei Gongfong.

“Brother Little Yu, quickly go, don’t worry about us…” An unknown courage came from Little Grass, she was still a child but was determined.

“Sister Little Grass…” Ye Qingyu looked at the little girl who had grown up with him drinking the same milk. He could not help but feel sorrow in his heart when he saw the state she was in.

In these four years, Ye Qingyu had felt that he himself had lived an extremely hard life. He had always endured, withstanding the mocking and disdain of the entire city, becoming the clown of Deer City. He was always withstanding the burden of humiliation but compared to these two, the suffering he had undergone was nothing. Qin Lan and Little Grass were truly living in hell, experiencing all sorts of suffering and misery!

He had really come too late!

Ye Qingyu blamed himself for their suffering.

Opposite.

On the face of Lei Gongfong was a cruel and sinister smile. “Go? It’s too late… Lowly trash, to dare come to us alone, is looking for death. Master Ding, I advise you to get rid of this little fellow entirely, eliminating any future problems.”

“This…” Ding Kaixuan was tempted but he was also undecided.

To kill a student of White Deer Academy, one must bear a certain amount of risk. He was only a third class noble, and must carefully consider this proposal.

“Haha, Master Ding, what are you scared of? The gutter of the North District is filled with corpses. After chopping him up and throwing him in there, who can discover him?” Lei Gongfong laughed malevolently, extremely bloodthirsty. “I, Lei Gongfong, have killed demonic beasts before with my own hands and killed people of the military. Hehe, to kill a little trash of White Deer Academy, what is there to be scared about?”

“If this is made known?” Ding Kaixuan was still hesitant.

“Hmph, who dares leak this, I’ll kill that person.” The killing intent of Lei Gongfong leaked out. As if he was a giant bear that had gone rabid, he took a step, shaking the entire structure of the mansion.

The servants of the Ding family were scared, their faces white and shivering in terror.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 55:


Chapter 55 – This All Belongs to the Ye Family

“Quickly go, Little Yu, you…” Qin Lan was in a panic, struggling to sit up. The wounds on her body broke open again, fresh blood spilling everywhere.

Ye Qingyu quickly placed his palm on the back of Qin Lan, sending a stream of inner qi. Only through doing this was he able to stabilize her injuries.

He turned and looked outside, his gaze landing on a decorative mountain. Inexplicably, he asked, “Aunt Lan, from what I remember, this courtyard did not have a decorative mountain in it?”

Qin Lan did not understand the meaning behind his words. After a slight hesitation, she subconsciously answered, “It’s part of the new design of the Ding family…”

“Hehe, so it was really this… then it should be demolished.” Ye Qingyu laughed. “Aunt Lan, wait a moment.”

Saying this, he stood up.

“Do you know why I have to demolish this mountain?” Ye Qingyu said seriously.

“Little trash, stop pretending and doing your schemes, you don’t know you’re about to die!” Lei Gongfong walked step by step closer, laughing maliciously. “Quickly beg me… haha, begging is no use, I’ll cut you into pieces!”

Ye Qingyu, at this time, slightly shook his head as if he had only noticed this fighter of the Ding family that was filled with killing intent at this moment.

He nodded his head thoughtfully. “En, there’s a solution.”

Before he had finished.

Ye Qingyu suddenly took a step forward.

Lei Gongfong was still walking forward when he abruptly felt a blur before his eyes and a hand was already heading towards him. Under his shock, the inner yuan of Lei Gongfong began to be activated, shoving both his hands forward, wanting to knock the palm away…

Who would have guessed that his two hands which were tough enough to crack apart stone, when it met this palm, it did not knock the palm back. Instead, his steel hands that he was so proud of instantly fractured, the pain spreading throughout his body…

“Aaaaa…” Liu Gongfong opened his mouth, letting out an explosive scream as if wanting to say something.

But the next moment, this palm had already firmly gripped his throat. Then Liu Gongfong felt his entire vision falling backwards, fierce winds blowing into both of his ears.

Everyone had their eyes wide open.

Including Ding Kaixuan.

This noble master who thought he had everything under control, at this time could not help but let out a breath of exclamation. He watched stunned as the biggest card under his sleeve, watched as the Liu Gongfong with unfathomable strength, as if he was the same as a dog, as if he was the same as a lousy sack, be casually grabbed around the neck by Ye Qingyu.

“Aaaaaaaa…” Liu Gongfong screeched crazily and struggled for his life. But this palm, was as if it was made from steel, incomparably firm, gripping his neck so tightly it was impossible to break away.

Liu Gongfong was shocked as he discovered his one Spirit spring stage was entirely suppressed by the inner yuan within this palm. The inner yuan in his body was expelled from his four limbs, firmly locked within his dantian, as if he was sealed.

“Beg from you?”

Ye Qingyu’s gaze was like a sword that pierced through Liu Gongfong. He had a bland smile that was filled with mockery and disdain.

“You… hehe… little thing… quickly release me… you…” Liu Gongfong’s face was filled with a ferocity, still trying to threaten Ye Qingyu.

“Wait a moment, after I’m finished using you then I’ll release you.”

Ye Qingyu smiled.

His body floated one meter up in the air, lifting up Liu Gongfong’s massive body, slowly arriving in front of the decorative mountain. Without even saying one word, he lifted up Liu Gongfong as if lifting up a battering ram, smashing it down on the boulder!

Boom!

There was a tremor like an earthquake.

The fake mountain started shattering, dust rising everywhere.

“Aaaa…” Liu Gongfong cried painfully, but the next instant was like a mother hen being grabbed by the neck, not able to emit any more sounds.

Boom!Boom!Boom!

Ye Qingyu mercilessly continued to hammer away.

The decorative mountain collapsed, large chunk upon large chunk of rocks falling to the ground. Like an earthquake was occurring, the entire courtyard seemed to be trembling.

The servants and guards of the Ding family all had deathly white faces.

Blood spurted everywhere.

From the start, Liu Gongfong’s body was relatively unharmed, then his flesh began tearing apart. Even though he was at the peak of body refinement and also had the protection of inner yuan, it still could not bear this level of impact for long.

The force of Ye Qingyu’s strikes had contained at least ten thousand pounds in every strike.

Ding Kaixuan had long lost all the colour on his face, pointing his finger at Ye Qingyu. His hand was shivering like he was suffering epilepsy, but he could not even manage to utter a word out, as if he was driven crazy with fear!

Finally, the entire rockery collapsed.

Ye Qingyu stopped, looking at the rubble of the destroyed mountain, displaying a hint of satisfaction. He casually tossed Liu Gongfong’s body that was now limp into the spreading dust.

The next instant, without that steel hand clutching his throat, the cry of Liu Gongfong was like that of a pig being slaughtered, resounding throughout.

But this howl made the entire courtyard seem even more quiet.

The other people were all dumbfounded.

Ding Kaixuan had nearly lost his ability to think, subconsciously withdrawing his pointing fingers, not daring to point at Ye Qingyu anymore.

Ye Qingyu’s figure flashed, appearing in front of the entrance to the hall, raising his hand gently.

A strong gust of wind passed by, sweeping away the rubble and dust in the air. In the clear sight of everyone was the fake mountain shattered till it was a pile of rubble, and Liu Gongfong covered with blood. His four limbs were fractured into who know how many pieces, lying there in the rubble like a dead dog, crying painfully…

This instant, many people finally understood through their cold sweat.

So this was the method that Ye Qingyu used to destroy the fake mountain.

Too terrifying!

Too violent!

Ye Qingyu stood silently in front of the entrance to the hall.

The wind lightly blew his black robe, and his thick black hair began moving like a flame.

A deathly silence was all around.

“I hate the people being pretentious in front of me. And besides, you can’t beat me at being pretentious. Haha, when I was fourteen, I was alone in the wild and killed over a thousand demonic beasts, including high class demonic beasts that were bitten to death by me. Also, situations involving killings, I have also seen many. You’re the type that appears fierce but is cowardly at heart, you’ve only torn apart a couple of demonic beasts, how is that worth bragging about? Half a step in the Spirit spring, inner yuan like a dry stream. Haha, a trash like you, because of your ignorance you are meaningless. You don’t even understand what the White Deer Academy represents, and you also don’t know how the struggles between nobles actually are. You’re stupid and Ding Kaixuan is even stupider, that’s why you were able to fool him to pay such a high price for you…”

Ye Qingyu looked at Liu Gongfong, his face filled with contempt.

“Mercy… Mercy…” Liu Gongfong’s mouth was filled with blood. Without any trace of his previous arrogance, as if he was a dog with a broken spine, struggling to beg for mercy.

At this moment, even if Liu Gongfong was even more stupid, he absolutely knew he was not the opponent of this teenager. He was already scared out of his wits.

Originally with his strength, even if he was repeatedly struck onto the fake mountain, he would not be in such a pitiful state. But the teenager at that instant had sealed his inner yuan, not allowing him to use yuan qi to protect his body…

This type of strength exceeded Liu Gongfong by many times over.

“I won’t kill you, scram.” Ye Qingyu flicked his hands.

Liu Gongfong was as if he was granted amnesty. He struggled to rise, not daring to tarry in the slightest. Bearing his pain, he bit by bit crawled away…

Ding Kaixuan was like an icicle.

“Noble master, you’re still not leaving? Staying here, do you want me to invite you to dinner?” Ye Qingyu asked with a smile that was not a smile.

Ding Kaixuan did not dare say anything.

He knew he should quickly leave.

But the problem was, in these four years, he had invested a lot into this mansion. There were many treasured objects that had been transferred here for storage, once he left, everything would belong to the Ye family…

Thinking of this, he could only feel a pain in his teeth and flesh.

People die because of riches; birds die because of food.

Therefore, he hesitated, wanting to rely on his noble status to negotiate.

Ye Qingyu could see through the thoughts of Ding Kaixuan with one glance, not paying attention to him anymore.

“Go find a doctor, to treat the injuries of Aunt Lan.” Ye Qingyu supported Qin Lan till she was seated properly, then activated his inner yuan, suppressing her pain.

There was a manservant nearby, who was fair faced, and seemed clever. Hearing this, after a slight hesitation, he immediately ran to find a doctor.

Ye Qingyu comforted Qin Lan and her daughter then turned, coming to the center of the hall.

In the deepest part of the hall, there was a landscape painting hung on the wall. Directly underneath, there was a small, bronze altar with intricate workmanship, with carvings of flowers and birds and also depicting scenes of the human race fighting. It was a work of art.

This small bronze altar was once one of the treasured possessions of the Ye family.

Ye Qingyu looked at this little altar, his deepest memories being invoked. He remembered the intimate and gentle moments with his mother and father, a faint smile appearing unknowingly on his face.

He retrieved the brass heroic badge from the interdimensional pouch, placing it on the recess on top of the altar.

Instantly, a sound of mechanisms turning could be heard.

The four walls of the hall suddenly glowed with a pale light from the runes and formations. The entire mansion seemed to possess a strange atmosphere, indistinct lights from runes shining on all parts of the mansion. Stone tiles, walls, water pavilions, corridors, the surface of every part of this building began to glow.

But very quickly, everything became peaceful again.

At this time, the Ye family mansion was as if it was changed and as if nothing had happened whatsoever.

Ding Kaixuan seeing this, his entire body was shaken.

His gaze was filled with regret and remorse. “So the deed for this house was in your hands all along…”

In a world where runes where advanced, mansions that were above average had deeds made by rune masters. Transactions like exchanging houses needed the rune hub to reset the owner. Only after this could you be counted as a true owner, and received the protection of the royal law of Snow Country.

After Ding Kaixuan had forcefully repossessed the ancestral house of the Ye family, he had never managed to find the deed. After hiring a person who had some skills in runes, he had managed to change the information in the runes slightly. Normal people could not tell, making it seem as if he really possessed the deed.

Now that Ye Qingyu had managed to bring out the true deed, the rune hub – that is the little bronze altar, had reset. This was equal to Ye Qingyu once again becoming the owner of this mansion.

Ding Kaixuan finally understood that all his plans and schemes, in a split second had become wasted effort.

His heart, turned icy cold.

“I… I need… I need to take back what belongs to me,” Ding Kaixuan said hoarsely, speaking as if he was talking to himself. “I have many things in this mansion, I…”

Ye Qingyu gave him a smile. “From today onwards, everything here, belongs to the Ye family.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 56:


Chapter 56 – The Corners of Her Mouth Curved Slightly Upwards

“But…” Ding Kaixuan was in a panic.

“If you don’t leave then I’ll personally invite you to go out.” Ye Qingyu looked at the heroic brass badge in his hands, examining it carefully. “You have a position of nobility, but to trespass on a property of someone with this heroic badge is a grave crime. I absolutely have the right to arrest you!”

Ding Kaixuan was dumbfounded.

Only half a moment later did he wake up from his nightmare. Biting his teeth, glaring steadily at Ye Qingyu he left his parting words, “The person surnamed Ye, you win. We’ll wait and see.” He turned and left.

Ye Qingyu lightly smiled.

“This time I will let you go. But my patience has its limits, the next time you try and act against my friends and family, if you even display the slightest intention, then I will make you disappear completely from this world. If you don’t believe me, then try it!”

The words of Ye Qingyu reverberated throughout the entire courtyard.

Ding Kaixuan stopped his steps, his face dark, finally leaving without turning back.

Very quickly, the sounds of footsteps could again be heard outside.

It was the young manservant, bringing with him a grizzled old doctor rushing hurriedly. Behind the old doctor, there was a little girl with braids in her hair, panting as she carried the heavy medicine box, beads of sweat appearing on her forehead.

“Young master Ye, the doctor has come,” the fair faced manservant said respectfully.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, then spoke a couple of words with the old doctor, asking him to treat Qin Lan.

After a short pause.

“Young master Ye, there is no need to worry. Madam Lan has only suffered some external wounds; her internal organs are unharmed. She only needs to ingest some medicine, and rest for a period of time, then she will be fine.” The medical prowess of this old doctor was extremely high, simply taking care of the wounds and giving a recipe for the medicine needed.

Ye Qingyu discovered that the colour of Qin Lan’s face had turned for the better.

“Thank you for your trouble Doctor Li.” Ye Qingyu hurried to express his thanks.

During the time that the old doctor was treating the injuries, the fair faced manservant had already silently come to Ye Qingyu’s side. He had reported the background and history of the doctor clearly to him.

The grizzly old doctor had the surname Li, and was called Li Shizen*, and was one of the famous doctors in the Northern districts. Every generation of his family had practiced medicine. Not only was he extremely skilled in medicinal arts, but his ethics was also admirable. Every month he would spend three days treating the poor people in the poor district free of charge.

It was only that this old man was ill-fated. His only son and the wife of his son had long left this world, only leaving a granddaughter behind. The two only had each other for companionship.

After paying the fee, Ye Qingyu respectfully escorted Li Shizen and his granddaughter away.

Seeing the little girl panting and gasping for breath, Ye Qingyu could not help but feel pity for her. He had experience the pain of losing his loved ones, so he especially cherished family. The little girl had long lost both her parents and only had her grandfather. For her, this was misfortune, but at least she had one of her family by her side. Then what about himself?

Ye Qingyu at this moment, sighed with sorrow.

“What’s your name?” He turned to look at the manservant.

“Little person, I** is called Tang San. I have been working for this mansion for over four years already,” the little manservant replied deferentially.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

He was once someone who belong to the Ye family.

Four years ago, Ye Qingyu was only ten years old. He did not usually order the servants about, so not remembering this little manservant was something within reason. Since he was an old servant from his family, then he was at least trustworthy. From his performance today, he was quick-witted and fast to react, it was worthwhile to try him out for a period of time.

This time, leaving the academy, Ye Qingyu had asked for three days leave of absence, so he was not in a rush to leave.

Repossessing the ancestral home of the Ye family was the first step. Afterwards, there were an assortment of little things that he needed to take care of such as putting the mansion and the servants in order. The servants of the Ding family definitely had some people who had ill intentions and were Ding Kaixuan’s confidants. These people must be scoured out.

Ye Qingyu did not have the time nor interest to take care of such matters.

Originally Aunt Lan, Qin Lan, was an extremely good choice for handling this. But currently she needed to recuperate, and this Tang San could be used as a trial. Any matter that needed a decision to be made would still be given to Qin Lan to manage but the things that needed to be first acted upon, he would give to Tang San to do.

Ye Qingyu waved his hands, signaling to all the servants that they were not needed. He returned to the main hall, informing Qin Lan of his idea.

“This… this is too important. This servant… I… I fear I can’t…” Qin Lan was not comfortable with her change in status, stuttering and mumbling.

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, “Aunt Lan is one of the old retainers of my family. You are the person who comprehends everything the most, and is also the person with the final say. When I was small, I grew up drinking Aunt Lan’s milk. Since mother and father are not here anymore, Aunt Lan you are my closest relative. From now on, everything that happens in this home, you have the power to make the decisions…”

“This cannot be…” Qin Lan jolted up in shock from her chair.

Ye Qingyu quickly rushed to support her. “Of course it can be. From today onwards, you are the person who has the final say in this home. Everything will need to go through you. Haha, I remember when I was small, Aunt Lan you are extremely formidable. Mother once said, she and father were not skilled in managing householder affairs, and everything was done by Aunt Lan, you!”

Aunt Lan recovered some energy, her face becoming slightly more red. She looked at Little Grass sitting behind her, hesitating. “This… This…”

Ye Qingyu smiled and gently patted Little Grass’s head. “Aunt Lan, don’t decline this. I have to return to the academy and have to expend far too much energy and time in training, I simply don’t have the time to manage the Ye house. Perhaps in the future, I will also leave Deer City. You and Sister Little Grass, are the only relatives that I have left in this world. This mansion, can be Little Grass’s dowry when she grows up and marries!”

“Ah, Brother Little Yu, you …” Little Grass let out a breath of shock. Her face was completely red with embarrassment, her face like fire, not willing to lift up her head.

“This can’t do.” Qin Lan shook her head determinedly, saying in a steel voice, “This mansion is passed on from the Master and the Madam. I, Qin Lan, am willing to manage it for young master, but no matter what, this mansion will forever belong to the Ye family.”

Ye Qingyu had a brief smile.

He knew that Qin Lan’s personality was stubborn and hard headed. Once she had decided on something she would never change her mind so he did not insist. He smiled. “Then I’ll first bother Aunt Lan. The things that will happen later, we’ll speak when it happens.”

This time, acting out and regaining the ancestral home was something that Ye Qingyu only did because it was something that he should do. This was not because he regarded this mansion as something extremely important; the feelings and emotions involved far exceeded any financial meaning.

Ye Qingyu was clear in his heart that one day when his strength is enough, he would leave White Deer Academy and Deer City behind. He would head towards the court of the royal family of Snow Country and investigate the secret that his father had passed on to him in his last words. This ancestral home was only something mental for him; from his perspective, this house held no physical meaning whatsoever.

Qin Lan’s wounds recovered extremely rapidly.

Four bitter years had passed and the home once again returned to the Ye family. This woman who had extremely deep feelings for the Ye family once again found motivation and hope for her life. Under the simple instructions of Ye Qingyu after he had gathered everyone, Qin Lan became the number two person of this mansion.

Tang San became the head steward of this home.

Under Ye Qingyu’s approval, Qin Lan announced all the servants would have their wages doubled. This action instantly won the cheering of many people. When Ding Kaixuan was in charge, he was stingy and tight fisted, often withholding the servants’ money. Qin Lan’s action instantly won the support of the servants.

Qin Lan had experienced many struggles and waves in her life and was able to instantly see through many peoples’ intentions. Very quickly, she identified and resolutely dismissed the people with poor characters and the confidants of the Ding family. Her swift and decisive action instantly established respect.

Ye Qingyu also encouraged the servants with a few words. With a casual smile, he took hold of Little Grass’s hand and made this little girl who drank the same milk as him when he was small, into his sister. This way, the position of this little girl was in an instant turned into that of a young lady in this household. Along with this, Qin Lan’s position would also rise, stabilizing her position.

Very many servants sighed with regret in their hearts. The mother and daughter Qin Lan had finally endured to the end. Little Grass from a servant girl at the lowest level, every day washing, cleaning, doing the roughest jobs, right now in an instant, had turned into a phoenix. A life of extravagance awaited her, for she had become the young lady of this home.

This new master of the house, when taking care of Ding Kaixuan and Liu Gongfong and the others, was simply as frightening as a killing demon king. Who would have known that this person would be extremely friendly and amiable when dealing with the servants? Qin Lan’s character was understood by every servant; now that she managed this house, they would definitely have good days in store for them.

As such, all the waves regarding the mansion of the Ye family had flowed past.

In this world, there was not a wall that did not leak wind. Very quickly, the things that had happened here, through different avenues, passed on to the ears of those paying attention, invoking shock from various interested parties all around.

Of course, many people continued to not notice what had happened in the Ye family ancestral home.

This night, Ye Qingyu stayed within this house.

After taking a delightful bath, he stayed in the [Determination Garden].

The [Determination Garden] was the location Ye Qingyu had lived in when he was small. It was not a large courtyard, with a Wutong tree growing in the middle, at least thirty years of age. It had attracted some unknown birds with nests constructed on its branches. In those years that Ye Qingyu was within this courtyard was the years that he was the happiest.

After entering again, apart from being deeply moved, his heart was like an ancient well without any ripples.

He sat cross legged under the Wutong tree, breathing meditatively, activating his inner yuan, wasting no time in training.

Time quickly passed by.

Qin Lan and her daughter slept on a soft and smooth bed, not being able to sleep. Originally, Qin Lan had thought that her life would be enveloped with suffering and darkness. Before, when her daughter had slept in the middle of the night, she had silently shed tears of pain. She was worried for herself, she was even more worried for her daughter and she was also worried for the little boy who grew up drinking her milk, and losing all protection, the boy whose whereabouts were unknown…

Qin Lan feared that one day she would pass away and her daughter would be left alone, in this cold and harsh world, how could she possibly survive…

Who would have thought that this little boy would finally return?

It was like the coming of a deity.

“Mistress has once said that young master will one day amaze the entire world, like a monarch arriving. Master and mistress believed in the young master so much… perhaps they were correct!”

Qin Lan suddenly remembered some of her memories.

Little Grass finally fell asleep in her embrace. In these four years, this was the first time that the little girl had slept so sweetly, so at ease, so comfortable. When she dreamt, the corners of her mouth curved slightly upwards.

*李时珍: He’s actually a famous herbalist/ doctor in Chinese history. Not sure if this is relevant to the story or not.

**Refers to himself humbly

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

