Chapter 145:


Chapter 146 – Attempt to [Spirit Raise]

Ye Qingyu had considered whether to attempt to [Spirit Raise] other types of attributes in his inner yuan. But ultimately, he chose to forgo doing this.

The price was too high, and it would take far too long. The costs outweighed the benefits.

As he thought of this, he slowly stood up. He left the prayer mat and came before the window.

Outside White Horse Tower, white snow was flying and cold winds were howling.

A dangerous area like Youyan Pass had years of accumulated snow. At least half the year was spent in the season of great snowstorms. Even in the entire Snow Country, one would be hard pressed to find a location that was colder than Youyan Pass. If he really wanted to cultivate ice inner yuan, then this was indisputably the most optimal location.

Ye Qingyu had once seen the procedure and techniques for the [Spirit Raise] in the libraries of White Deer Academy.

Such techniques could not be counted as a great secret for martial artists.

Ye Qingyu slowly extended his hand out as a thought occurred to him.

A snowflake landed on the center of his palm.

A minute cold feeling came at him.

With Ye Qingyu’s current level of strength, even if he exposed his entire body, he would not fear the cold. Once someone’s strength reached the Xiantian stage and once Spirit springs were excavated in the dantian world, then on some level you were immune to fire and water. When the snowflake landed on his hand, it very quickly began to melt.

“To want to [Spirit Raise] and control ice inner yuan, one must absorb the ice qi of Heaven and Earth into your body and fuse it with your inner yuan. Only after doing this and activating your inner yuan can you possess the power of ice. The power of ice is extremely vast. According to the legends of the far Ancient Ages, experts that have cultivated to the extreme in ice yuan qi are capable of great feats. With their ice qi striking out, they were able freeze all matter. There is nothing that they cannot destroy. Even time itself can be frozen!”

Ye Qingyu remembered the legends that he had read in books describing the acts of legendary experts.

It was said that in the Ancient Age, there was a legendary class expert of the Human Race that had absorbing the extreme cold power of Heaven and Earth into his body that became fundamentally invincible. He was able to freeze time and space, ruling an era.

Ye Qingyu had once thought that to rely on the pure power of ice to freeze space was far too ridiculous. Perhaps the only reason this was able to be done was because this legendary class expert had already comprehended the laws of ice.

But no matter what, imbuing his inner yuan with the ice attribute was absolutely the most optimal choice for him right now.

“Phew…”

He settled down his thoughts, slowly breathing in a mouthful of cold air.

Ye Qingyu decided he would attempt the process of [Spirit Raising] right now.

Twenty Spirit springs was the universally recognized starting point for someone to [Spirit Raise]. Right now, he was at the fifteen Spirit springs. If he attempted to do this early, then when he truly reached the twenty Spirit springs stage, he would have gained familiarity with this process. With this experience, he would be able to succeed in [Spirit Raising] in one fell swoop.

Ye Qingyu suspected, that those rumoured to have succeeded in [Spirit Raising] as soon as they reached twenty Spirit springs, had attempted it before. It was very possible that they had done a great deal of preparation beforehand so they could do it in one attempt.

All of the yuan qi in his body activated. Ye Qingyu entered into an extremely relaxed state.

Ye Qingyu controlled his body as he activated the nameless breathing technique. He allowed every pore on his skin to open, shutting off his mouth and nose. He only used the skin on his body to breath. Every pore on his body was in a state that the naked eye could not perceive, opening and closing. Inhaling and exhaling, he absorbed the cold qi of Heaven and Earth through his skin.

Spirit spring martial artists could already breathe without using their nose or mouth.

With the minute control they had over their body, every part of their skin and every muscle in their body could be used to exchange energy with Heaven and Earth. This was akin to a fetus-like state, but also differed to some extent.

Ye Qingyu’s consciousness enveloped everywhere around his body.

Ye Qingyu could clearly sense that under such a state, the cold qi of Heaven and Earth was entering into his body drop by drop through his pores at this moment.

Even with his current strength, he could very quickly sense tingles of coldness.

“Drawing cold qi into my body is the first step. I must wait until the cold qi has accumulated to the limits of what my body can bear. Then what I need to do afterwards is to use my inner yuan to carry this cold qi and make it travel around the meridians in my body, changing the nature of my body. I must be extremely careful in this process. I cannot expel the cold qi out but I also must not allow the cold qi to damage my body…”

Ye Qingyu’s mind recalled the different techniques contained in the various books. He continued with this process.

The books that he had browsed through in the library of White Dear Academy contained techniques on how to [Spirit Raise]. However, they were only the introductory techniques of how to [Spirit Raise]; they were basic and foundational techniques. Ye Qingyu believed that in some noble families with truly deep resources, perhaps there were even more profound techniques that specialized in [Spirit Raising] for different attributes. But there was a point that could not be disputed in the martial world: the path to greatness lay in simplicity. There were many times that the most basic and most commonly seen techniques where the strongest techniques without any flaw whatsoever.

Therefore, he decided to use the most common technique to [Spirit Raise].

He stayed in this prenatal-like state for a whole two hours.

Ye Qingyu slowly sensed that the cold qi in his body was about to reach a threshold. His body was as if it was frozen stiff, becoming somewhat dumb and hard. It was as if his entire body was about to turn into an ice sculpture.

This represented that he could proceed to the next stage.

He carefully and slowly used his inner yuan to carry this ice cold qi throughout his body. This cold qi travelled through his acupuncture points and meridians.

This process was extremely painful.

As if there were tens of thousands of needles piercing through his muscles and bones.

Cultivation was originally an extremely painful process.

Ye Qingyu bit his teeth, continuing to activate his inner yuan.

He knew that the early stages of [Spirit Raise] was such that you had to experience such a painful process. Any process that wanted to change the foundation of your body was like so. After his body had slowly adapted to the power of ice and snow, the pain would gradually disappear. Then there would be a comfortable feeling of the body uniting with the soul. After that, when his inner yuan became full and mellow, then he could completely control the power of snow, ice and frost.

Another two hours passed.

The surface of Ye Qingyu’s body already began to seep with cold sweat.

Cold sweat the size of yellow beans dripped down from his forehead.

The clothes on his body was like it were completely seeped in water. His garments were completely drenched.

Ye Qingyu’s first attempt had ended. The power of ice and frost, after travelling through his meridians and the blood vessels in his body, had nearly been completely expended in this process. If he activated his inner yuan to revolve around his body for several more days, he would not feel as much pain anymore.

Ye Qingyu’s palm spat out shreds of his inner yuan.

In the pale yuan qi light, there was a thin shred of cold qi that brought with it a minute coldness.

“My first attempt to [Spirit Raise], really succeeded.”

He was very excited.

That there was already coldness in his yuan qi was already a very good beginning.

If he continued to train, through the accumulation of days and months, there would soon be a day where he could completely control the power of frost and ice. At that time, along with the activation of his inner yuan, snow and ice was sure to follow. As his yuan qi struck out, everywhere it passed, everything would transform into ice. This was the true power of ice inner yuan.

Outside the window, the long night passed.

Under the dome of heaven, wind and snow had no end.

After a small rest, Ye Qingyu continued to train.

…… ……

In the next few days, Ye Qingyu used the time to his utmost to train.

Wen Wan also came to the White Horse Tower several times, but there was still no news regarding Ye Congyun.

Under Wen Wan’s advice, Ye Qingyu chose not to use the permission of the Pass Lord’s office and head towards the army camps to select new White Horse sword slaves. The turbulent winds and waves had not yet passed. Various factions were still paying attention to White Horse Tower. At this time, if he went to select people, there would definitely be some careful people who would arrange for spies to enter White Horse Tower.

Ye Qingyu’s footing was still unstable at Youyan Pass, it was hard to differentiate these spies from normal people.

Wen Wan’s proposal was for Ye Qingyu to select ten from the [Silver Armoured Soldiers] under his command. But after Ye Qingyu thought it over, he did not accept.

He estimated that he would remain in Youyan Pass for a very long time.

There were only ten places on the list of White Horse sword slaves. Every one of these positions was precious and valuable. Ye Qingyu needed to personally select who was able to become a White Horse sword slave. Apart from Bai Yuanxing, the other nine must be loyal and talented. Only then was there value in developing them. Perhaps later, they could become his left and right arm, aiding him and taking charge of a section.

As of right now, he would prefer to go without than go with the shoddy option.

Time passed by day by day.

The time of departure came closer and closer.

Apart from training, Ye Qingyu would also choose some suitable weapons left behind by the previous masters of White Horse Tower to train. It should prove to be of use on the battlefield. He would also go to the martial store of the army, selecting some books and topics regarding war, martial laws of the army, Youyan Pass army battle records, the maps of the Explosive Snow Glacier, the battle methods of the Demon Races and various books to read.

Know yourself and know the enemy. Then you will be victorious in a hundred battles.

Wen Wan would come to White Horse Tower at least once every day. He would very patiently answer the questions Ye Qingyu asked. He retold his experience of going out in battle and fighting against the army of the Demon Race. He passed down all his insights into such expeditions onto Ye Qingyu.

Martial artists with fifteen Spirit springs could absolutely be counted as an expert of experts within the school life of White Deer Academy, But swords and spears had no eyes in the battlefield. Even experts of the Spirit spring stage that had successfully [Spirit Raised] had a possibility of perishing. If his luck was poor, when the two armies met, Ye Qingyu’s life would be in danger.

Wen Wan was evidently worried for this Demon King Ye.

“I will apply to participate in this operation, so I can look after you.” Wen Wan, in these days, had always requested the commander of the Vanguard to allow him to accompany Ye Qingyu. Wen Wan hoped to participate in the [Gale Operation]. This way, he could take care of Ye Qingyu on the battlefield. But he had not received a reply as of yet.

Time passed in the days where the skies were covered in snow.

In the blink of an eye, there was only five days left till the day of departure.

According the previous arrangement, Ye Qingyu could open the jade piece at this moment.

According to the method passed on by Mister Liu, he unlocked the jade piece. His consciousness entered within. Very quickly, he was able obtain the information contained inside.

A great quantity of information and reports must be gathered before middle scale and large scale military operations could begin. There were large numbers of simulations and double checks that needed to done. Furthermore, it was essential for a meticulous and accurate plans of action to be drawn up. They needed to gather a vast amount of human power, financial power, intelligence, and materials, it was not a snap decision by the commander.

Within the military order jade piece, every arrangement inside was very detailed.

Of course, the information Ye Qingyu received from this military order jade piece was only a part of the whole equation. It was not complete— only a small number of high level decision makers like the generals had the right and power to know the contents of the entire plan. Military officers of the middle level and below would only receive part of the information of the entire operation from the jade piece.

As he finished with the military order jade piece, Ye Qingyu fell silent for a moment then begun to make his preparations.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 146:


Chapter 147 – Someone Wants to See You

The afternoon of that day.

Ye Qingyu went to the military supply department for the third time. According to the contents of the military order jade piece, he went there to obtain the various tools and resources he needed for this operation.

The position of the patrolling sword envoy was not low. Every time they went into battle, they were able to receive the needed resources free of charge.

This time, Ye Qingyu did not see Zhao Ruyun at the military supply department.

But the soldiers and officers of the supply department had gazes burning with hostility when they saw Ye Qingyu. No matter what their relationship was with Zhao Ruyun, since Ye Qingyu had struck Zhao Ruyun, this was equal to striking the entire supply department on the face. Evidently, from top to bottom, the supply department did not hold any good feelings towards Ye Qingyu.

As for the military officer in charge of approving the resource request, he was a middle-aged man.

His face had a smile that was not a smile. With a slightly cold gaze, he stared at Ye Qingyu for a short moment before signing the request.

Even if so, as he obtained the allocated military resources, Ye Qingyu could not help but shake his head.

Evidently, the people of the military supply department had ultimately done something to the supplies. The medicines and herbs that Ye Qingyu received was of low quality; the large majority were either not of enough years yet or dried and withered. The armour and weapons he obtained were also rusty and old, evidently not the best of the lot.

“It’s said that in the army, one must not offend people from the supply department. It seems that this saying is not false at all.”

Ye Qingyu smiled, not disputing anything.

In such a situation, the supply department had already allocated the resources according to the instructions on the military order jade piece. On some level, they had already fulfilled their duty. If he made an issue out of this, not only could he not gain any advantage, but instead he would give off an impression that he was a pain that fussed over minor matters.

This was the supply department of the Empire. To think that they would be so stagnant and stuck in the old ways, disregarding the greater good, really made Ye Qingyu feel disappointed.

After returning to White Horse Tower, Ye Qingyu placed some of the resources that he had no use for in the stores of White Horse Tower like rubbish. He arranged for the White Horse sword slave Bai Yuanxing to take care of it.

At that time, the Big Head who was in the midst of slumber finally woke up.

After considering for a moment, Ye Qingyu placed this glutton into his embrace. Then he gathered the clothing and resources he had long prepared. When it was evening, he left White Horse Tower, heading towards the army to report for duty.

This was the arranged time on the military order jade piece.

Bai Yuanxing and Mother Wu were left behind to look after White Horse Tower.

…… ……

One day later.

Twenty miles away from Youyan Pass.

A formation airship with the clouds shrouding its presence slowly travelled closer to the Explosive Snow Glacier.

Ye Qingyu stood at the forefront of the airship.

The long wind blew, mist and fog drifted everywhere.

This airship was twenty meters long and five meters wide. It was constructed in a similar way to the rafts on the river. Sleek and streamlined, a pale white colour, it was created with a metal material that Ye Qingyu had never seen before. There were tightly clustered formations carved on the exterior of the airship. The heart of the ship was operated using the Origin crystal as a power source, and hence it could easily traverse through the air. The noise made from this ship was extremely little, and it’s colour was also similar to the surrounding white clouds. If one was far away and did not examine carefully, it was very hard to discover its existence.

There was a formation field around the airship that enveloped everything inside. It blocked the cold strong wind outside.

Ye Qingyu sat cross legged at the head of the ship.

And on the metal plates behind him, there stood nearly a hundred soldiers donning silver armour.

These soldiers were elite soldiers that were chosen carefully from the Vanguard camp. The lowest of their strength was at the first Spirit spring level. They were led by a warfare officer called Liu Zongyuan, that stood silently on the metal plates of the airship. Every one of them was like a stone sculpture, persistent and determined, awaiting the arrival of battle.

Ultimately, Wen Wan could not participate in this time’s [Gale Operation].

Ye Qingyu vaguely knew that the number of soldiers taking part in this operation this time were nearly ten thousand. The Vanguard had allocated twenty military officers, and the Right and Left camp had also allocated another twenty military officers to command this operation. In coordination with five patrolling sword envoys, there were countless experts of the military that embarked on this mission. With a deputy commander class leader leading the way, they set off towards the dangerous area guarded by the [Southern Incline Legion] of the Snow Ground Demon Race.

Just from the numbers and military power invoked, one could judge that this was an extremely important military operation.

Forty military officers of all camps, according to the prearranged plan, set off towards different directions.

Ye Qingyu’s formation airship flew alone. During the night, it embarked and flew through the air. Travelling at a very slow speed, it borrowed the cover of the clouds throughout the sky and slowly headed towards a Northern direction.

The airship’s highest commander, Liu Zongyuan, was a silent expert. The first time they met, he had only slightly nodded at Ye Qingyu and not spoken a single word more. He was like a boulder that did not speak. Every military order was issued by his deputy commander. The two people had evidently worked together for a lengthy period of time, and was hence extremely coordinated.

Ye Qingyu had also secretly observed this Liu Zongyuan.

From his appearance, this person seemed to be around thirty years of age. With a muscular figure, wide back and shoulders, he had a robust exterior. He was wearing silver armour with a white cape behind his back. There was also a huge battle blade that was hung behind his back. The inner yuan in his body was vast and deep, his strength unfathomable. At the very least, the current Ye Qingyu could not see through the cultivation stage that Liu Zongyuan was in.

“If I do not remember wrongly, this Liu Zongyuan is ranked eighty-three on the [Military Star List]. He can be counted as a powerful character within the Vanguard camp; his ranking is even higher than Wen Wan.” Ye Qingyu furtively recalled in his heart.

The soldiers under Liu Zongyuan’s command were as silent as him.

This airship was like a spirit ship that traversed and sliced apart the clouds without making any sounds. It swam slowly through the dome of heaven.

The military order in the jade piece was very simple. Ye Qingyu was to coordinate with Liu Zongyuan’s operations. On one hand, he had to survey military discipline, recording the battle deeds of the various soldiers, and on the other hand, he had to fight at crucial moments. He was there to guarantee the success of the military officer’s mission. As for what Liu Zongyuan’s mission would be, since Liu Zongyuan did not mention it, Ye Qingyu had no way of knowing.

But from the speed and route of this airship, Ye Qingyu guessed that the people on this mission should not be part of the main battle force. They should be playing some sort of coordinating role or preparing a surprise ambush.

Without knowing why, Ye Qingyu vaguely felt through his observation that this Liu Zongyuan did not have any warm feelings towards him. He even held a faint enmity towards Ye Qingyu.

“Could it be that he is also someone of the Cool Breeze Mountain Faction?” Ye Qingyu guessed.

On the way, apart from the occasional rest, Ye Qingyu spent the large majority of time sitting cross legged at the forefront of the ship, circulating his qi and training.

On the noon of that day, the head of the formation airship suddenly changed directions. It headed straight towards the West and increased its speed slightly.

Clouds and mist were everywhere throughout the skies. The vision was limited. One was only able to see a hundred meters into the skies. Ye Qingyu did not know just where this airship was heading to. He could not even see the terrain down below. He could only vaguely sense the direction it was travelling. Time passed extremely slowly, the airship completely silent. Ye Qingyu felt very bored.

The way the ship travelled seemed not to have any rules whatsoever.

Sometimes it would speed up, sometimes it would stop as if it was waiting for something. It completely did not seem to be following any military orders, but rather soared on aimlessly.

There were several times that Ye Qingyu wanted to ask the reason for this. But as his gaze met the figure of Liu Zongyuan that was as silent as a boulder, for some reason he dispersed such an intention.

In such a state, three days slowly passed by.

On the way, they did not encounter any squads of Demon Race soldiers or other airships. Not to mention battle, even a state of alert and caution did not happen.

They continued to slowly travel through the clouds. It was as if they had entered into a silent and white world. The slow passing of time was so stifling that it made one mad.

“Through our travel, we have halted many times over. Perhaps we received an order that came from the military or perhaps it was to detect the defenses of the Demon Race and prevent discovery of our presence. We are trying to hide from the Demon Race. Could it be that for our mission we must enter deep into the territory of the Explosive Snow Glacier?” Ye Qingyu gradually understood. But it was hard to imagine what kind of method was being used to communicate with the army at Youyan Pass. The technology of the formations far exceeded his previous imagination.

It made Ye Qingyu realize even more that coming to Youyan Pass was the correct choice.

Only at such a place would his vision of the world expand. He would not spend his life confined within a little city. If he stayed, he would live a mediocre life and his sight would never stretch far. His vision would always be confined to one corner.

The fifth day.

Ye Qingyu could not make clear just how far the airship had travelled.

At that time, the airship stopped. The formation on the center of the airship stopped functioning and the airship silently floated in the clouds like a hidden claw. The soldiers on the armoured plates also began to be cautious. Liu Zongyuan always sat on the armoured plates. The sensation he gave off was as if he was a patient hunter that was hiding within the clouds, silently waiting for the arrival of his prey. Then he would kill it in one strike.

In the expressions of Liu Zongyuan and the others, Ye Qingyu could see a shred of anxiousness.

This indirectly confirmed Ye Qingyu’s guess.

He and these people, must be deep within the Explosive Snow Glacier at this time. Once they were discovered by the Demon Race, what faced them was a gigantic disaster.

During this time, Liu Zongyuan had entered twice into the cabin inside the airship.

Every time, not long after Liu Zongyuan entered, he would come outside and issue new orders.

“Most likely within the cabin, there is a truly great leader of the army sitting there giving out commands. So the highest commander of this airship is not the military officer Liu Zongyuan,” Ye Qingyu suddenly realized this point.

On the way, Ye Qingyu had not asked any questions of his initiative. He was like an outsider, silently observing everything that occurred.

Sunset.

Night time came.

The armoured soldiers became increasingly cautious and nervous.

Ye Qingyu approximated the time.

If the previous military plan had not changed, then he believe that at this time, the Vanguard Camp, the Right camp, Left camp, these main battle force should already be directly doing battle with the [Southern Incline Legion] of the Demon Race. This time, it was a large scale military campaign with over ten thousand people participating. It must be incomparably tragic on the battlefield. Every moment and every second, there were lifeforms perishing, and every moment and every second there were martial experts falling…

“The mission that we are doing, just what is it?”

Ye Qingyu became increasingly curious.

Youyan Pass had planned such a large scale military operation. It should not be as Wen Wan had said, that this was for them to train the soldiers and investigate the military power of the Demon Race. It was most likely that there was some special aim apart from this.

And he himself, in such a battle, just what role would he play?

The black night descended.

And when Ye Qingyu had his eyes closed in thought, the military officer Liu Zongyuan for the first time took the initiative to find him. He stood in front of Ye Qingyu.

“What is it?” Ye Qingyu opened his eyes.

Liu Zongyuan had no expression on his face. He said slowly, “Officer Ye, someone wants to see you.”

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, “Who is it?”

“You’ll know when you see him.” Liu Zongyuan turned around, heading towards the cabin of the airship. “Please follow me.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 147:


Chapter 148 – Drinking Some Tea and Having a Conversation

Ye Qingyu was full of questions as he followed behind Liu Zongyuan. They entered into the cabin of the airship.

As they followed the stairs down, there was another corridor.

On the two sides of the corridor there were armoured soldiers guarding this passageway.

After arriving at the cabin room, Liu Zongyuan made a motion for Ye Qingyu to go ahead.

Ye Qingyu pushed open the doors of the cabin, walking inside alone by himself.

Within the cabin, the space was extremely expansive. It was as if it was a silent room rather than a cabin in an airship. The furnishings were extremely elegant and there was a faint fragrance of tea in the air.

Mister Liu had a slight smile on his face. He was wearing green clothes and sat cross legged on a woven grass prayer mat. There was a vine table next to him and on it, was a clay tea set. Beside him was Xing’er wearing white robes. He was currently at the stove, boiling water. With his hair tied up in a bun, he sat on the left of the prayer mat and was currently peacefully preparing the tea. His movements were elegant and extremely gentle. Evidently, he had been immersed in the way of the tea for a period of time already.

In the cabin, there was the fragrance of the tea permeating the air. It gave off an extremely peaceful and leisurely atmosphere.

“Officer Ye, we meet again.” Mister Liu smiled, pointing towards the prayer mat opposite him. “These days, I’ve wanted to speak with you very much. Please sit.”

Ye Qingyu considered for a moment, then sat quietly on the mat. Evaluating his surrounding environment, he then said, “I wonder for what matter did you want to talk to me about?”

“The night is long, I just wanted to converse with someone. Therefore, I sought out officer Ye to drink some tea and have some conversation,” Mister Liu had a faint smile as he said these words.

“So it was like this. Thank you, I was namely thirsty.” Ye Qingyu knew that since Mister Liu had sought him out, there was a matter he wanted to discuss. But since he did not want to say it openly, then Ye Qingyu could only remain silent and observe and see what kind of medicine the strategist of the Pass Lord’s residence was selling in his gourd.

Xing’er had completely changed from his lively demeanour where he bounced about. He was as peaceful as a girl.

Xing’er finished boiling the water, preparing the tea. He placed a cup in front of Mister Liu, then placed another cup in front of Ye Qingyu.

The faint fragrance of tea, bringing with it a wisp of steam, rose up in front of Ye Qingyu.

“Please.” Mister Liu lifted his cup with a smile to indicate that Ye Qingyu should go ahead.

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth, then used inner yuan to suck the amber-coloured tea in the cup completely out, finishing it completely in one gulp.

“Hahaha…” Mister Liu began chuckling, sipping a bit of his own cup of tea. “Officer Ye, tea is not drank like that.”

Ye Qingyu also began laughing. “I don’t want to taste tea; I only want to solve my thirst.”

“Really the personality of a young man.” Mister Liu considered with a sigh saying, “To speak the truth, the words of officer Ye, made me suddenly think of a person. Ten years ago, he was also sitting in front of me tasting tea. Like officer Ye, he was young and handsome, with a thriving heroic spirit, a dragon among men. His battle records were outstanding, his future unlimited and boundless. Nearly the entire Youyan Pass thought that he would become the future War God, and was the future successor of the Lord of the North that drove away demons, Lord Lu. A pity, a pity…”

As he spoke of this, Mister Liu began continuously sighing.

Ye Qingyu smiled faintly. “After hearing this, should I coordinate with Mister Liu’s words and ask just what is a pity?”

Mister Liu was slightly taken aback, then smiled. “What, it seems like officer Ye is not interested in my topic.”

“That is not so,” Ye Qingyu said seriously. “I am extremely curious and want to hear the story about what happened afterwards. Please mister, could you tell me, just what happened to this person afterwards?”

“What happened to this person afterwards…” Mister Liu hesitated, tasting the tea in his cup in detail, then slowly closed his eyes, as if he had entered deep into his memories, his face occasionally displaying traces of recollection. Half a moment later, he sighed yet again. “Afterwards, that person fell into the path of the demon, transforming into a demon.”

“What? Transformed into a demon?”

Ye Qingyu was really greatly shocked by this.

Originally, he thought that Mister Liu was being deliberately mystifying. The person of his words should have died prematurely for some reason.

He had not imagined that it would be such an ending.

Mister Liu opened his eyes, handing over the tea cup in his hands to Xing’er then nodded his head. “That’s right, that incomparably heroic person, extraordinary talent, originally was a person that the Youyan army was going to heavily nourish. From a tiny little military officer to become the deputy general of the Vanguard, he did this in less than three years of time. If everything followed the original plan, he would have become the new hero of Youyan Pass. But it’s a pity that during one of the operations targeting the [Southern Incline Legion], that person was self-confident, going alone deep into enemy territory without any other reinforcements. He fell into the [Burning Snow demon general’s] scheme. Surrounded with no aid, in the end his entire army was annihilated. Because he feared for his life, he surrendered to the [Southern Incline Legion], becoming the claws and fangs of the Demon Race…”

As Ye Qingyu heard this, his heart was extremely shaken.

“There’s such a matter?” He said disbelievingly. “A human capitulated to the Demon Race? This is just… betraying your ancestors and relinquishing your descent.”

Mister Liu nodded his head, a face filled with regret. “That’s right. Originally everyone thought that person perished in battle. But we never imagined that he chose to live his life out in an ignoble existence. When the news came, it shook the entire Youyan Pass, it shook the entire Snow Country. Many people did not believe in this news, suspecting it was the crafty scheme of the Demon Race. They did not believe it was possible for that person to surrender… The army investigated, sending numerous people to discover the truth as they headed towards the Explosive Snow Glacier. But they did not manage to discover anything, until that day…”

As he said to here, a painful expression appeared on the face of Mister Liu.

Half a moment later, he continued, “Until that day, that person led the great army of the Demon Race to attack us. Breaking apart twelve lines of defense of Youyan Pass at the outer edges, killing over ten thousand of our human comrades. Youyan Pass including Lord Lu and hundreds of military officers saw with their own eyes, that person leading the personal guards of the [Burning Snow demon general]. His hand holding the heads of his previous comrades, painting the ice city fresh with blood… his previous comrades, only at that moment did they believe that the previous star of the military really fell into the path of becoming a monster…”

Ye Qingyu was silent.

At the start he had a manner of ridicule when he listened to the words of Mister Liu. But as these secrets were said, Ye Qingyu’s heart could not help but be shaken.

He had never imagined that such a matter had once occurred in Youyan Pass.

One could imagine just how much impact this had caused back then.

One could imagine just what kind of rage the Empire sank into.

A scandal like this, the Empire would absolutely completely censor and lock it down. So the fact that Ye Qingyu was unaware was very normal. Only people like Mister Liu, who saw with his own eyes just what had happened, could understand the terrifying waves like that of a storm this incident caused.

“The empire was enraged. They sent out top class assassins to head towards the Explosive Snow Glacier to kill that person. But they failed to do so. It’s been said that after that person capitulated to the Demon Race and accepted the Demon Race forbidden techniques, he inserted demon bones into his body. His strength multiplied…” Mister Liu continued to recount from his memory. “That person was a person with peerless talent, his cultivation far exceeding people of his generation. Once he lasted ten moves against Lord Lu, the Lord of the North that drove away demons, without being defeated. After transplanting a demon bone inside himself, one can imagine just how terrifying he is. The empire once targeted him and organized several operations to get rid of this thorn, but ultimately it all ended in failure!”

Transplanting a demon bone?

Ye Qingyu was slightly in a daze.

By transplanting a demon bone in the human body, would this allow their strength to multiply?

He had never heard of such a technique before.

Then he heard Mister Liu continue to speak, “For the Empire and the army of Youyan Pass, the betrayal of this person was tantamount to a nightmare. That person is extremely familiar with the function of the military of the empire, and even more familiar with the arrangements and posts of Youyan Pass. He knows the network of defense outside and inside Youyan Pass exceedingly well. In the next few years, under the leadership of that person, the personal guards of the [Burning Snow demon general] became the nightmare of Youyan Pass. Coming and going without leaving a shadow, they heavily injured the various departments of the Youyan army, causing tragic losses to the Empire. And even the Lord of the North that drove away demons, Lord Lu, nearly fell into their scheme. The intense and ferocious harm he caused was terrible. It could completely be said to be the most serious loss we suffered since the Empire was founded.”

As Ye Qingyu heard this, he sucked in a mouthful of cold air.

That’s right, he was a person that had once been carefully groomed to become the future commander. Once he chose to betray and side with the enemy, just what kind of terrifying consequences he could cause was evident. Even an idiot was able to imagine this just by using their brain slightly.

“Only until two or three years ago, under the bitter struggle and efforts of the people at Youyan Pass, could we get rid of the influence of the betrayal that this person brought, and slowly turn the tides. Youyan Pass is not in a position of absolute disadvantage anymore, but to want to once again gain the upper hand in the struggle with the [Southern Incline Legion] of the Snow Ground Demon Court needs great time. Most likely, we need another ten years to once again return to that formerly grand state in the old days.”

It was unknown whether it was sorrow or happiness in Mister Liu’s tone.

As he sighed, he once again drank the tea that Xing’er brought over.

Ye Qingyu did not know what to say.

He sat silently looking at Mister Liu, wanting to know the reason why he was invited to come and the reason he spoke such words.

Could it be simply that he was somewhat similar to that person?

Or perhaps… the story of Mister Liu, was hinting to him about something?

There was a deep silence in the cabin.

Mister Liu once again tasted two cups of tea, slowly stabilizing his emotions. Looking at Ye Qingyu, he smiled. “Officer Ye, do you know just what the purpose of the [Gale Operation] is?”

Ye Qingyu shook his head. Originally, he wanted to blurt out that he did not know anything because the military order jade piece did not specify the aim of this operation at all.

With his background, experience, position, and status, he did not have the requirements to know such a thing.

But as he lifted his head, seeing the strange smile on Mister Liu’s face, he suddenly realized something. His heart shuddering he said, “Could it… could it be to act against that person?”

Mister Liu began chuckling loudly.

“You’ve guessed correctly,” he said.

Ye Qingyu considered, then asked again, “This time… do we have any chance?”

“Of course we have a chance.” Mister Liu smiled faintly with confidence. “This time the operation seems like a routine small scale battle that is held in the winter season. But in reality, for this, the army of Youyan Pass has already prepared for a very, very long period of time. As long as this person is alive, he will always be the great humiliation of Youyan Pass. His very life is mocking the army of Youyan, the entire empire will not allow him to live on. This time, not only have we managed to obtain that person’s route and action plan, even the Lord of the North that drove away demons, Lord Lu will act personally.”

Lu Zhaoge would act personally?

Ye Qingyu heard this, then his heart began beating madly.

The War God of Youyan Pass would act personally?

This was absolutely something that would shake the entire empire if it was leaked out.

One of the ten great warriors, The War God of Youyan Pass, would finally act again after ten years?

One could imagine, just what kind of battle this would be.

Ye Qingyu suddenly realized and comprehended why Mister Liu would have such confidence.

That’s right, if War God Lu decided to act personally then everything could be said to be finished.

For this, the military of Youyan Pass had prepared for an extremely long period of time. It must be a long planned and premeditated action. Hearing the meaning in Mister Liu’s words, the Human Race must have, through some channel, obtained the military plan of that person. This was someone intentionally planning against someone who was unaware. This time, that person would absolutely die.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 148:


Chapter 149 – Will of the Martial Path

But, whether that person would perish had nothing to do with Ye Qingyu.

What Ye Qingyu was concerned with was just why did Mister Liu speak of such a matter to him in such detail?

As the advisor and strategist of the Pass Lord’s residence, Mister Liu could absolutely be described as having ten thousand matters to take care of every day. Those able to stay within the [Military Council Pavilion], every one of them had the deep trust of War God Lu Zhaoge. And furthermore, this time the army of Youyan Pass had taken such painstaking efforts to plan an operation against that person. According to reason, Mister Liu should be incomparably busy right now, but was instead on a formation airship that headed somewhere unknown and chatting to Ye Qingyu…

Of course Ye Qingyu did not think that this was because Mister Liu was bored and wanted to find him to pass the time.

For a scholar like Mister Liu, there were countless plans and schemes flashing through his mind at every moment.

Everything he did, every word he said, there was a clear motive behind them.

And right now, just what was Mister Liu’s aim?

Ye Qingyu fell silent for a time, then lifted his head. “Then right now, we have flown so covertly for such a long time. We are deep into the territory of the Demon Race. On the way we have cautiously avoided all the patrols and checkpoints of the Demon Race, hiding within the cloud layers. Just what is this all for? Could it be that we are hiding to ambush that person?”

Mister Liu smiled faintly.

“Of course not. I’m not underestimating myself, but that person has a terrifying strength. In the entire Youyan army, apart from Pass Lord Lu and several other people who are able to defeat him, to find a person that is able to last ten moves in front of him is extremely difficult. Even if we considered everyone together on this formation airship and added them together, we will be exploded to bits by just one of his fingers in an instant. Not to mention ambush, if we are discovered by him, we only have one path: death. To ambush that person? We are still far, far away from reaching that requirement.”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

He knew that Mister Liu spoke the truth.

The terrifying power of that person was able to be completely seen through these short words.

The army had planned for ten years, but was not able to kill him. From that alone, one was able to see just how great his strength was.

He and everyone else on this airship, in front of that person, were just ants. They completely could not pose as any sort of threat to that person. Even if that person stood still for them to hack into pieces, ultimately they would be killed by the yuan qi protection around his body.

“If it is like so, then can I dare ask mister, just what is the reason for our travel?” Ye Qingyu did not beat around the bush anymore, saying things openly.

Mister Liu smiled. “Our mission is very simple. We are only here to survey the Explosive Snow Glacier, to record down the surrounding terrain.”

“You mean… to create a map?” Ye Qingyu’s heart thumped.

“You are not wrong. But we are not just simply creating a map. These years, because of the betrayal of that person, the empire has always been at a complete disadvantage in the Northern front lines. Our power has no way of entering into the territory of the Explosive Snow Glacier. We are lacking in understanding of the terrain, the topography, as well as the concentration of Spirit qi in different areas. This time, the military has planned a scheme to target that person. Apart from killing the greatest traitor in history, we also hope to use this opportunity to clearly understand the terrain of the Explosive Snow Glacier. We are currently observing the military power and arrangements of the [Southern Incline Legion] at this area. One can imagine, once the true operation begins, this area will definitely enter into a chaotic state. That will be our opportunity.”

Mister Liu patiently explained.

So it was like this.

Ye Qingyu had finally understood a little.

This time, the [Gale Operation] was definitely well planned and meticulous in all aspects.

From this, one could comprehend the ambition of the military.

Not only did they want to kill that traitor, they also wanted to gather information of the terrain and topography, and the distribution of military power of the Demon Race… this was evidently making preparations to invade into the Explosive Snow Glacier.

Could it be that the Empire was currently preparing for the third large scale battle against the Snow Ground Demon Court?

“If there are not any mistakes in this plan, then it should be tomorrow morning that the true battle begins. Once the [Southern Incline Legion] is disturbed and that person enters into battle, he will enter into our prepared trap. Once that person has perished, the Explosive Snow Glacier must be completely chaotic. And then, our opportunity will have arrived.” Mister Liu had a faint smile, slowly sipping his tea.

Even though he was a scholar with weak power, but he was not nervous in the slightest in such a dangerous area.

This calm and unperturbed spirit really made someone admire him.

And as for the little student Xing’er next to him, he was as calm as a rock that did not know fear.

Ye Qingyu drank four cups of tea in succession.

When Xing’er handed the fifth cup, he shook his head, standing up. “If Mister does not have any more orders, then I’ll first go out and prepare for the matters tomorrow.”

Mister Liu nodded his head.

When Ye Qingyu turned and left the cabin, in the corner of his eyes, he saw that the clear and large eyes of Xing’er had always been staring at him.

…… ……

Returning to the armoured plates.

“Eh? You’ve changed your armour?”

Ye Qingyu was surprised to discover that the originally armoured soldiers on the armoured plate had changed away from their silver armour. Instead, they were wearing a strange beast skin demon armour.

These beast skin demon armour were namely the uniform of the soldiers of the Snow Ground Demon Race. The texture was crude and the appearance bloated. The material was made from the fur of some unknown beast as well as metal that was found mainly in the Explosive Snow Glacier. There was a clear difference between it and the armour of the Human Race. The demon armour had a primitive and violent style and there was a faint demon qi pulsing from the armour. Even the warfare officer, Liu Zongyuan had donned the demon armour.

“It seems like this is for another layer of protection. By disguising ourselves to look like the Demon Race, perhaps we can escape in the confusion at a crucial time.”

Ye Qingyu understood.

He sat cross legged at the armoured plates at the head of the airship, activating his inner yuan. He breathed in and out according to the nameless breathing technique, constantly optimizing his state, making preparations for the possible battle of tomorrow.

Six hours later.

There was a soldier bringing a set of demon armour, respectfully handing it to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu wore the [White Horse armour] on his body, then wore this set of demon armour over it on the outside. The black bear skin cap covered the large majority of his face. His entire body emitted with a sour and bloody odour, demon qi emitting from his body. If one could not see the face, they would really think that he was a soldier of the Demon Race.

At the time he donned the demon armour, on the sky far off, a slight ray of the sun of dawn was exposed.

The new day was about to descend.

The morning wind was like blades.

Mister Liu slowly walked out from the cabin.

Behind him was the student Xing’er who had similarly changed and put on the demon armour.

As he greeted Ye Qingyu by nodding his head, Mister Liu came to the head of the airship under the protection of the warfare officer Liu Zongyuan and six other elite soldiers. He stood shoulder to shoulder next to Ye Qingyu.

“It is about to begin!”

Mister Liu moved his fingers, calculating the time, then turned his head to look at the South West direction. He spoke lightly.

Before he had finished.

Boom!

An undulation that seemed to be there but not there, began shuddering from the South West direction.

In truth, the position that Ye Qingyu and the others were in right now was very far away in distance from the center of the yuan qi explosion. If they looked, the limits of their vision could not discern any abnormal happenings. If they did their utmost to hear, the limits of their hearing could not hear any sound. But any martial artist, any of the Demon Race, at this instant, through a method that even they themselves were not aware of, was able to sense this terrifying fluctuation.

The sensation that it gave was as if a bolt of lightning exploded in their hearts in an instant.

It was a type of power that directly impacted their spirit and their soul.

Terrifying!

Profound!

“Will of the Martial Path!”

The Liu Zongyuan that had always remained silent, finally opened his mouth.

“A hundred miles away, there are experts with cultivation level at the Bitter Sea stage and above that has acted. This really is a very frightening power of their consciousness.”

On the face of this Warfare officer, there was a look of yearning.

Will of the Martial Path?

After Ye Qingyu was slightly taken aback, his heart finally understood.

So this strange undulation was the legendary Will of the Martial Path that experts possessed.

He had once seen at White Deer Academy, within the historical books, narratives about this phenomenon. It was said that in legend, true top experts, not only were their fleshy body and inner yuan trained to the extreme limits, the power of their consciousness was also like invulnerable steel. Through just a thought, their vast consciousness could extend in all directions, causing the lifeforms hundreds, thousands of miles away to feel their unshakeable will. It caused them to shudder as if they had witnessed a deity appearing.

Ye Qingyu had only heard about this so called Will of the Martial Path through books.

This mysterious sensation that he had personally experienced gave him a deeper understanding as to what exactly it was. His heart was incomparably shocked.

Through just a thought of someone hundreds of miles away, it could cause his spirit to be so greatly shaken. Just what kind of terrifying existence was it?

Could it be that the War God of Youyan Pass, Lu Zhaoge, had acted?

Just as Ye Qingyu was questioning—

Boom!

It was another wave of Will of the Martial Path that exploded.

This time, the Will of the Martial Path, was not as peaceful and calm as the first. It contained a killing intent and viciousness that soared to the sky. It was as if a blood ocean that completely covered the sky was pressuring and crushing towards them.

In such an unprepared state, Ye Qingyu could feel his vision darkening. His figure shuddered, nearly shouting. In an instant, it was as if his entire body was submerged in a pool of blood. A fear that he could hardly control spread throughout his body. It was as if the Death God suddenly appeared tens of meters away from him, or as if he was being stared at by some huge gigantic primordial beast. Cold sweat instantly seeped out from the forehead of Ye Qingyu…

On the armoured plates.

The other soldiers were already loudly screaming.

The soldier with the lowest strength let out a tragic shout. With a crash, he fell, directly struck by the killing intent contained in this Will of the Martial Path. He fainted.

Even Liu Zongyuan let out a fierce and low grunt.

Evidently in front of this Will of the Martial Path, he was also adversely affected.

In that instant, the countless lifeforms hundreds of miles around, no matter whether it was intelligent or unknowing ants, was affected. Above the sky, under the icy grounds, millions of life forms were completely shaken by this bloody Will of the Martial Path. They were so scared they were shivering and shuddering in terror.

In the time of the spark of a flint, Ye Qingyu reacted. He suddenly thought of something, crying in disdain in his heart. Activating his inner yuan, he moved to block in front of Mister Liu…

Mister Liu did not know any martial arts. If he was struck by such an impact, would there be a risk to his life?

But when Ye Qingyu turned his head to look, he was shocked to discover that Mister Liu was wearing a jade piece between the eyebrows. It was emitting a pale silver aura, tangible but with no substance, like a dim lantern. It had completely dispersed that terrifying strike of the Will of the Martial Path.

And as for the student Xing’er that stood next to Mister Liu, without knowing why, his expression was completely peaceful. It was as if he had not sensed this terrifying undulation at all.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

