Chapter 429:


Chapter 449, Brute King

The figures of the two strong experts were standing with one behind the other, a stance of launching a joint attack, struggling to withstand the attack of the golden coiled dragon cudgel. But the qi and force in their body, for some reason, had dissipated without a trace, and their bodies were as though they had been frozen stiff.

And in the centre of their eyebrows, there was a speck of gold flickering.

The golden coiled dragon cudgel also stopped.

All of a sudden, tens of thousands of streaks of golden light shot out from between the two people’s eyebrows, like tens of thousands of sharp swords were cutting through their heads from the inside out, shattering their body.

The rays of light suddenly exploded, and soon even their bodies were shattered, as though burned by a golden flame!

The black-robed man was incinerated to ashes on the spot.

Before, during the battle with the golden coiled dragon cudgel, he had lost the giant jet-black bell, which was equal to losing half his strength. Now he was directly shot to death by a [loud Piercing Arrow].

But the strange lava person, when his body was shattered, a spiritual flame unexpectedly flew out from his body, shooting into the air…

“Where are you going!”

The golden coiled dragon cudgel turned into a stream of golden light, chasing after him.

That flame was the essence of the strange lava person, the second origin that he received from fusing with the strange fire of the underground flame river. Once it escaped, he would soon be reborn.

If you don’t exterminate the roots of the weeds, it would only grow once more when the spring breeze blows again.

These surviving evil members of the era of sects, once discovered, must be thoroughly eradicated and not allowed to return.

So the Spiritual monkey battle companion certainly wouldn’t let him go.

But the trajectory of the flame was constantly changing. Its speed was as fast as flowing light, and for the time being, the golden coiled dragon cudgel was not able to immediately kill him.

On the ground.

Ye Qingyu’s complexion was flushing, swaying side to side. It was only after he drew in a deep breath, that he was able to stand firm, regained his footing, and slowly putting his arm down.

The aura that was half a step away from that of the Heaven Ascension stage was slowly dissipating.

Ye Qingyu waved to the sky as he put away the [Purple Cloud Bow].

A golden light emerged, sweeping across the vast sky, like a mother swallow returning to its nest, falling into the hollow of his palm, and transforming into a cluster of golden arrows.

It was the [Cloud-Piercing Arrows] that were shot out before.

This cluster of golden arrows contained Ye Qingyu’s consciousness, which meant that once shot out, no matter how far the distance, when he thought of it, he could retrieve it back. It was extremely marvellous.

Once the [Cloud Piercing Arrows] were returned to the warmth of the Spirit spring of the dantian world, Ye Qingyu then operated the Nameless breathing technique, and in less than ten seconds, the dragon scales on the surface of his skin had dissipated, the dragon claws and feet also restored to human form, and the strength that was surging within his body also finally calmed down.

He nodded lightly.

“This arrow is probably the greatest strength of mine at the moment. Although the effect is terrifying, but there is a huge drawback, that is, before shooting the arrow, the time needed to store up energy is too long. To trigger the [Fifth Limit] state of the [Limitless Divine Way], at least 30 seconds of preparation is required. In a battle with real experts, many attacks are launched in the blink of an eye, 30 seconds is enough for my opponents to kill me hundreds of times. If the Spiritual monkey battle companion had not suppressed the black-robed man and the strange lava person, I would not have had the chance to so easily shoot two people to death!”

Ye Qingyu summed up the advantages and disadvantages that he was very clear about.

Also, once one entered the [Fifth Limit] state of the [Limitless Divine Way], one’s battle strength would multiply and the yuan energy within the body would reach an incredible degree, creating an unbelievable load on the body.

In the aspect of body refining, Ye Qingyu has had several fortuitous encounters. He also had received the [True Will of the Sky Dragon], and could transform into a dragon. This he could barely withstand already, but in order to shoot that arrow, Ye Qingyu had suffered great pressure, bone damage, and muscle tearing. His injury was not light at all.

But the effect of this arrow was achieved.

His mouth curved upward in a faint smile, looking down at the triangular faced man who had an astonished look across his face, and deliberately smiled profoundly as he said, “Now do you still think I have no right to be in charge of the [Light Palace]?”

The triangular faced man opened his mouth wide, but no words would came out.

While Liu Jingyan suddenly stepped forward, knelt on the ground, and bowed in admiration. “Divine Palace Lord, subordinate respects you with the utmost of sincerity.”

As he was speaking, he suddenly turned and glowered at the triangular faced man, “My Lord is not even 18 years old, has been cultivating for less than three years, and is now occupying such a high and respected position. He will soar to the sky in the future, and the [Light Palace] will be as grand as before. You and your defeated army, how dare you be so impudent?”

Dai Youmeng also hurriedly complimented him excessively.

The triangular faced man glanced at these two people, his eyes flickering with contempt, and then when he looked back at Ye Qingyu, an unrestrainable expression made its way across his face.

After a brief while, he then said, “You are indeed very strong. You have endless potential, and you are a genius of your generation. You exhibit the style of the ruthless ruler of the [Light Palace] back then, but you have too little time, there is no way you could save this crisis. The Imperial family of the Snow Empire is declining, ministers are deceiving the emperor, the sects are returning, and Fiendgods are arriving from the outside. Even if that person was here, he may not be able to reverse the situation, let alone you.”

A strange look flashed across Ye Qingyu’s face, and then he calmly smiled. “Most likely, what you see is just the surface, the inside information of the Imperial family is not something you would know. I can tell from your cultivation and aura that you should be an expert of the era of sects hundreds of years ago. The matters of the Heaven Wasteland Domain are just your presumptions.”

The triangular faced man sneered coldly, “What I see is more than what you see... Young man, since you’re also considered a rare genius, I advise you to leave the Imperial Capital as soon as possible. If you can find a place to hide, cultivate for thousands of years, then someday in the future you may make great achievements in martial arts and may perhaps bring fortune to the Human Race.”

“Since you know the fortune of the Human Race, then why not help me defend the [Light Palace]? Since you are from that time, you should know that the [Light Palace] means something to the Human Race.” Ye Qingyu’s words were starting to persuade this triangular faced expert.

The triangular faced man stared at him blankly first then laughed coldly, “So this is your intention. Young man, you’re too naive. You want me to serve you?”

Ye Qingyu replied frankly, “Why not?”

The triangular faced man laughed coldly again, shaking his head, “If this was in the past, you really do possess the qualities and potential of a mighty master, but now... the situation is stronger than the people, you cannot pass this obstacle, you better think of ways to try to protect yourself first. Let’s talk if you survive.”

Ye Qingyu nodded, knowing that it was useless to say anything more. He waved his hand, signalling Gao Han to take this triangular faced man away, and temporarily imprison him in the dungeon of the Temple of Light. With the ocean blue light rope tying him up, they do not have to worry about him escaping.

It seemed more difficult than he previously thought.

The triangle faced expert did not say much, but the information revealed was astonishing enough.

Decline of the Imperial family.

Ministers deceiving the emperor.

The era of sects returning.

Fiendgods are arriving.

These words were the key points in the triangular faced man’s speech just now.

And when he uttered the last few words, Ye Qingyu noticed the strange look on his face, like he was wary of something, which made his heartbeat quicken slightly, and did not question him further.

He looked up at the sky, watching the golden coiled dragon cudgel pushing the flame to almost out of the boundary. The golden reflection of the cudgel was everywhere, almost extinguishing the flame.

At this moment——

“Why so ruthless?”

Another voice sounded.

In the sky, not sure when, but a big mountain-like body had appeared. It was a bald-headed giant, almost a full four meters tall, his body covered with tattoos, an ancient blood-coloured battle skirt draped over his lower body. He was muscular and standing barefoot.

An expert of the Brute Race?

While Ye Qingyu was still in a daze, the bald-headed Brute casually slashed across the air.

An invisible mighty force burst forth.

The air, like butter, spread out, dividing into two sides.

The shadow that filled the sky, like smoke dissipating and ash flying away, was revealing the real body of the golden coiled dragon cudgel.

Ding!

A crisp cracking sound.

The golden coiled dragon cudgel, as if slashed by a divine weapon, was unexpectedly split into two, leaving a smooth mirror-like cut in the middle. The golden cudgel that was surrounded by surging golden light instantly lost all its spiritual nature, powerlessly falling down from the void...

Ye Qingyu raised his eyebrows, inwardly shocked.

Golden coiled dragon cudgel has been broken?

The bald-headed Brute just casually drew across the air, and was able to split golden coiled dragon cudgel in half that had been consecutively suppressing the black-robed old man and the strange lava man?

Heavens, what was this power?

The Spirit monkey battle companion would it... that consciousness, would it be destroyed?

……

At the same time.

Golden Crowned Prince Household.

Yu Feiyan was silently sitting in a secret chamber, where rune formations across the wall were projecting the scene of the battlefield in the void. When he saw the golden coiled dragon cudgel breaking apart, he suddenly jumped up, and there was an abrupt change in his expression.

“How could it be? This...”

He knew exactly how terrifying the monkey was, it could not have been defeated so easily like that.

“I did not expect the Witch King of White Mountain Brutes to be here, this group of Brutes are so impatient...” A slightly hoarse voice sounded in the center of the chamber, and the sound came from a burning candle on the table.

“Divine messenger, with the monkey dead, the [Light Palace] will be breached. What should we do?” Yu Feiyan turned around and said to this candle, his eyes flashing eagerly, but he restrained his impulse and asked in a respectful tone.

“Wait.” Candlelight was flickering, looking no different to an ordinary white candle, but when it was burning, candle wax dripping down, there was a clear voice coming from the candlelight, saying, “It’s not time yet.”

……

Star Reaching Building.

The location of the largest faction of the Imperial Capital, Star Faction.

On the hundred feet high roof was a girl dressed in red, a veil covering her face, with a slim and graceful figure, and exhibiting a kind of seductive appearance, as she was quietly standing against the wind——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 430:


Chapter 450, One strand of hair

At her side, a faint silhouette of a figure was emerging, holding a giant crystal ball in her palm. Within that flickering brilliance was precisely the scene of the battle above the [Light Palace].

“The divine thought of that rotten monkey’s has been broken? Ke ke... I didn’t expect that after 100 years, there would be a Witch King from the White Mountain Black Water... this is more and more splendid. If the four divine generals do not appear, the [Light Palace] will be completely destroyed this time!”

The coarse voice of the black figure sounded like the friction noise generated during the sliding of two pieces of rusty iron.

“Master, what are we waiting for?” The girl in a red dress asked.

“Waiting for some old fools to appear. This time, I swear to get revenge, solve the hatred of a hundred years old, but also to take back the treasure that my sect lost a hundred years ago, help me restore body parts, and help you improve your cultivation!”

The hoarse voice was filled with endless excitement.

……

“In the [Light Palace], there are treasures and weapons of the major sects of hundred years ago?” Bai Yuqing exclaimed in surprise. “Master you are saying that back then when the Snow Empire annihilated the enemies of the countless sects, what they obtained, only a fraction was stored in the Snow Empire’s armoury. While the essence of the treasures, secret martial arts books of the top sects were kept in the armoury of the [Light Palace]?”

This was the first time that Bai Yuqing heard about this.

At her side stood a one-armed Buddhist nun in a silver kasaya robe Her palm was in front of her chest, and a horsetail whisk with 3,000 strands of hair was inserted in the back of her collar.

She was very old, her eyebrows, like silver snow, were hanging down to almost her cheeks, but her skin was extremely delicate and smooth, like a jade stone, translucent and glowing, and looked more like the skin of a 28-year-old girl.

“Back then it was the War God who really wiped out the enemy thoroughly and not the army of Snow Empire. Later that War God established the [Light Palace] by himself, and the captured equipment were stored in the [Light Palace]. It is said that many of the eliminated evil sects had books of evil sorcery cultivation techniques, its content is extremely insane and can be called as devoid of human nature. Worried that these books of secret techniques might fall in the hands of those with evil intentions, the War God did not turn these books over to the Imperial family. Instead all these evil cultivation books and treasures were all suppressed beneath the [Light Palace], so that it can never see light again. One hundred years ago, when the War God disappeared, many surviving members of the evil sects wanted to retrieve the rare books, but they did not succeed. They have been hiding in a secret place waiting for the right time. This time the Brute Race and Demon Race have joined together, and came back stronger than before, it seems that they are determined to win.”

The one armed nun wore an indifferent look.

“In that case, then why did that War God not destroy those secret cultivation books?” Bai Yuqing asked in a puzzled tone.

“Rumour has it that when he obtained those rare books, the War God said that he would reverse these evil techniques, turn evil into good. After all, those evil secret books were also considered the creation of the ancestors of the Human Race. There were rumours that the War God felt that there were no good or evil in martial arts, evil or good is in the heart, so he did not destroy the books. In any case these are all rumours. Later, when the War God disappeared, these evil cultivation books were sealed in the armoury of the [Light Palace].” The one-armed nun sighed.

“Master seems to think highly of the War God,” Bai Yuqing said.

The one-armed nun smiled, “I had a brief encounter with him back then. I have seen his graceful bearing, that person is indeed unique, absolutely unrivalled, a rare talent of the Human Race. There were many that feared him and many that admired and worshiped him. If you have the chance to see that person, you would most likely fall for his charm.”

Seeing her master’s expression, Bai Yuqing could not help her heartbeat quickening, thinking that romance is in the air, but since it involved her master she ultimately did not have the nerve to question further.

After a brief while, Bai Yuqing asked gain, “Then why did we come here today to watch? To help the [Light Palace] at the critical moment?”

The one armed nun shook her head. “If the [Light Palace] cannot hold itself, even if master, I, help out, I cannot control the overall situation. We shall silently watch and see how the situation develops. Back then, when the War God fought the sects, there was a sect called Qing Dao Sect that had a rare book called Viewing the Ways of the World Scripture. It can dissolve the trouble of one’s body. Once the [Light Palace] is breached, we will find an opportunity to enter the armoury to find the scripture.”

“Ah?” Bai Yuqing did not think that would be answer. “So we came to profit from someone’s misfortune.” In front of her master, Bai Yuqing was without any defense or disguise. She was not as distant and cold as she was before in White Deer Academy, instead she was like an innocent girl. After all, she was only 18 years old. She said grinning, “Master, you are the famous Divine Buddhist Nun, you’re not here to help your idol?”

The one armed nun replied indifferently, “Power cannot solve everything, some things cannot be forced, rushing to the fore would only bring disaster.”

Bai Yuqing stuck out her tongue and said, “This is not what you taught me, you taught me to have a strong sense of justice.”

“You girl, you’re so talkative today,” the one armed nun cast a doting glance at Bai Yuqing, smiling slightly, “I know that you and that Lord of the Light Palace were schoolmates in White Deer Academy. That young man is also a rare genius, it’s a miracle he had come this far, could it be that you like that Lord of the Light Palace?”

The expression on Bai Yuqing’s face abruptly changed. “Master what are you talking about, that kid was just a nobody when at the academy. The men in this world, hmph, I have no interest in them.”

“My Qionglai Sect follows the Buddha, but does not prohibit disciples to go into the society, you’re also committed to cultivation. If there is someone that you like, Master will not stop you, you have to think well,” the one-armed nun said indifferently.

Bai Yuqing stubbornly pretended she was perfectly calm, and very bluntly changed the topic. “Why does master know that in the armoury of the [Light Palace], there must be the Viewing the Ways of the World Scripture of the Qing Dao Sect?”

How would the one-armed Divine Buddhist Nun not know what this girl was thinking about, but she did not pointed it out and answered, “I have fought with the master of the Qing Dao Sect back then, and have seen the wonder of the Viewing the Ways of the World Scripture. This scripture was originally created by a bodhisattva in the ancient times. It is extremely marvellous, and it was because of this scripture that led to the establishment of Qing Dao Sect. Unfortunately, before the mystery of the scripture had been thoroughly comprehended, I defeated the master of the Qing Dao Sect with the scripture of the west wilderness. Since his cultivation level was not good enough I let him off once, but that person is vengeful and brought all the experts of the Qing Dao Sect to kill me...”

“What?” Bai Yuqing said, stomping her feet in anger. “That person is an elder of a faction, and is also considered a master. His status is not low, how could he act so despicably?”

The one armed nun smiled faintly. “You have not experienced that era a hundred of years ago, so you do not know how dark the period when sects dominated was. There were many cases of sects being destroyed and families being wiped out due to one wrong sentence. But it was also because I was too careless that I... Didn’t you asked master before why I only have one arm? It was that battle, when the great elder of the Qing Dao Sect chopped it off!”

“Ah?” Bai Yuqing was really shocked. “Then...”

“I was almost killed, but the Four Great God Generals of the War God passed by and saved me, that was the brief encounter. For me, I felt eternal gratitude to them for saving my life.”

When the one armed nun was talking about her heart-shaking past events, she wore an indifferent look on her face, and was calm and composed.

She seemed to have completely let go of the past already.

Bai Yuqing was standing by her side.

The two people did not say anything else, quietly standing at the top of the first tower in the Imperial household’s courtyard, looking at the sky in the distance. The Battle of the [Light Palace] was in full swing.

……

The golden coiled dragon cudgel was fractured into two, falling from the void.

When it was dropping down from over one thousand meters, suddenly there was a golden light flashing, and soon after the solid body of the cudgel suddenly dissipated like mist. The two sections of golden cudgel had completely disappeared.

But within Ye Qingyu’s eyes, there was a light flickering. He immediately understood that it had not completely disappeared, but the spiritual qi had scattered, and that yellow mist was in fact the yellow spiritual qi that had dissipated between the heaven and earth, while the real golden coiled dragon cudgel was turned into...

Two strands of hair.

To be precise, it was a light yellow hair cut into two.

“So that golden coiled dragon cudgel was transformed from a strand of yellow hair, because that bald-headed Brute expert had fractured it, it revealed its true form... Is that a strand of monkey hair, is it a wisp of divine thought of the Spiritual monkey battle companion?”

This thought flashed across Ye Qingyu’s mind.

But very soon he did not care about this.

At present, the most important thing was that, the divine thought of the Spiritual monkey battle companion was broken, the golden cudgel having been split into two. Does that mean the spiritual monkey battle companion was unable to fight again? If this monkey was dead, who could fight against the bald-headed Brute expert in the sky?

Ye Qingyu attempted to call the Spiritual monkey, but did not receive the slightest of response.

It was as if he really had been killed.

Ye Qingyu was a little worried.

Could it be that silly dog Little Nine was right, this monkey is not reliable. Before, it repeatedly assured that everything is proceeding according to its plan, and repeatedly encouraged themselves, so they agreed to the monkey’s plan. They did not expect the monkey to be gone when the situation was proceeding to plan...

Was it deceiving them?

“Lord of The Light Palace Ye Qingyu is brutal and unreasonable, immature and incompetent, kill!”

In the sky, that bald-headed Brute giant roared, his voice reverberating like thunder, and like before, he turned his hand over and slashed across the air, and a blast of qi gushed up to the sky. Then the wave of threatening strong qi descended, like a transparent sword, swinging down at the [Light Palace]——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 431:


Chapter 451, One Fiery Leaf

This strike from the bald-headed Brute expert was incredibly powerful, like the wrath of heavens, and before that intangible qi had struck, the silver light formation was already sunken in, the brilliance flashing frantically and cracks faintly began to spread.

Outside of the city of the [Light Palace], everyone felt a feeling of suffocation as though a sacred mountain was crushing down.

Bad!

Ye Qingyu could feel his heart jumping wildly in his chest.

He could almost instantly conclude that the [Silver Flowing Light Formation] was absolutely unable to withstand this blow. If the attack of the bald-headed Brute giant had really struck them, the [Light Palace] would be completely destroyed.

“This smelly monkey actually disappeared at the critical moment!”

Ye Qingyu clenched his teeth and raised his hand to throw a little green thing.

It was a green tortoise shell the size of a fist, with an intricate pattern as if made by the heavens, and a translucent jade colour like a piece of precious jade, flying out from Ye Qingyu’s hands. It whirled across the sky, incessantly expanding in size, and in the blink of an eye it had covered a part of the sky and glistening green flames shrouded the entire [Light Palace].

Bang!

The power of the invisible sword struck against the green flames.

Ye Qingyu’s face darkened, his body rocking from side to side.

The green flame was rapidly flashing dozens of times, and eventually, like a whale sucking up water, was instantly returned to the jade green shell, falling down from the void and landing into Ye Qingyu’s hand.

“Oh?”

In the sky, the bald-headed Brute gave a surprised look of disbelief.

His attack, was actually blocked?

What is that jade-green tortoise shell?

It seemed to be some sort of treasure of the [Light Palace]?

This [Light Palace] of the Human Race, was really interesting. It must not be underestimated. But... today the root of the trouble of the Heaven Wasteland Domain is doomed to be destroyed. The greatest enemies of the Brute Race, and this little temple building, no matter how deep it is inside, also needed to be destroyed.

With this in mind, this person was about to launch another blow...

“What Brute is that, to dare to be so arrogant and rude in the Imperial Capital? Whether I am wrong or not, is the matter of the Human Race. The Emperor of the Snow Empire will decide this. You’re just a little Brute, an outsider, a guest. How dare you criticize the host, you’re seeking death, quickly get lost!”

From below came the roar of Ye Qingyu.

The sound was transmitted via yuan qi, like rumbling thunder, resounding through the sky of the Imperial Capital.

All the people within ten miles of distance were able to hear it clearly.

When the green tortoise shell that Ye Qingyu activated withstood this bald-headed Brute’s attack, it had already almost consumed the yuan qi within his body. This tortoise shell was a gift from the [Tortoise Shell] Immortal when Ye Qingyu was exploring the palace of the [Formation Sovereign] Luo Su. It is a rare treasured object that once instilled with yuan qi, could resist a full-forced attack of a beginner expert of the Ascending Heaven stage.

But it was just one attack.

If the Brute man was to launch another attack, Ye Qingyu would not be able to defend himself.

Since he was no match for him, and the smelly monkey had disappeared, what to do... Well, might as well talk some nonsense, delay some time, and see if that smelly monkey would come back to life, or wait till other reinforcements come.

This was what the Palace Lord was thinking.

But in the sky, the bald-headed Brute giant had no intention of stopping at all.

In the eyes of an existence of his cultivation level and status, Ye Qingyu was like an ant desperately struggling, and had no right to even talk to him. Moreover, he was well aware what Ye Qingyu was planning; he would not give Ye Qingyu the chance to stall for time at all.

He waved his hand lightly in the air.

A blast of qi gushed through the air...

The air was directly cut apart by an invisible blade, then struck down at the [Light Palace].

Below.

“Damn it...”

Ye Qingyu was furious.

You really think I would let you slaughter me like that. If I was not preparing for sudden attacks by the guys hiding in the shadows, and cannot use some attacks, it is not impossible for me to get rid of you little Brutes...

He was about to move again, releasing his most destructive weapon, when...

An unexpected change that no one had imagined was happening.

A soft breeze suddenly rustled through the fiery forest in front of the temple.

Within the fiery forest, there was a withered piece of fiery leaf, that right before falling on the ground was wrapped in this breeze, and leisurely flew back up, like a butterfly as red as the sunset, fluttering in the sky.

This little piece of red leaf was floating about, seemingly very slow, but Ye Qingyu suddenly felt his vision go blurry, and when he cleared his eyes and looked again, the leaf was already in mid-air, facing the explosion of invisible qi.

Something unbelievable happened.

The weak and delicate little leaf, in that brief moment of contact, had split the invisible blade that the bald-headed Brute giant launched out into two parts, utterly destroying it.

Where the little fiery red leaf was, the mighty sword qi of the Brute Witch was just like snow being splashed with boiling soup, instantly disappearing without a trace. The crushed sword qi that was everywhere across the sky, the broken void, and the fragmented air had all calmed down, like nothing had happened.

Then the little leaf fluttered down again, falling lightly into the fiery forest before the [Light Palace], piling up on the other thousands of leaves.

Ye Qingyu rubbed his eyes, taking in a deep breath.

This...

What was happening?

That leaf...

Ye Qingyu’s eyes were intently fixed on the pile of leaves, unable to figure out what was happening...

That gust of wind...

Where did it come from?

Ye Qingyu scanned the surroundings of the fiery forest, and there was no one else.

There was only the deaf and mute Old man Su, standing crooked, sweeping up the fiery leaves on the ground with a straw broom, creating light brushing noises. And because he was deaf, no matter how noisy the battle was he obviously did not know what was happening.

Could it be him?

Ye Qingyu’s eyes lit up, then immediately shook his head.

Old man Su’s body was deteriorating, losing blood and qi, and had internal injuries. Ye Qingyu also had secretly observed him before. He was certain that this old man had limited strength, and was absolutely not hiding anything.

Who was it?

Ye Qingyu glanced around again, then looked up at the air.

The bald-headed Brute giant was also astonished, a look of disbelief came across his face, stopping his attacks and instead was warily watching below. Evidently that little piece of leaf made him feel a huge threat.

There was a moment of complete silence.

After about ten seconds——

“I didn’t think that in the [Light Palace], there would be a peerless master, I underestimated it,”

another cold and arrogant voice sounded.

Twenty meters away from the bald-headed Brute, where the light was flickering and the air rippled, there was a figure slowly coming out.

It was an expert of the Demon Race.

There was water vapour curling up from his body, along with a demonic aura, and in addition to a human head there were eight other dragon heads, which all had a horn growing on their head. He had indigo hair, green scales all over his body, and rings around his head. When he opened his mouth, revealing his white fangs and scarlet red tongue, he was taking in and puffing out poison, flame, ice and other strange demonic forces. One glance at him was enough to send a shiver down one’s spine

The Demon King of the Hurricane Wave Demon Court?

When Ye Qingyu saw this man, his heart jumped.

Though he had never seen this demon elder before, but based on his appearance, he must be the person of the Hurricane Wave Demon Court in charge of leading the demon clan of the Southern Water City. Among the entire Hurricane Wave Demon Court, his peculiar appearance was also very well-known. He was one of the ten Great Demon King’s of the Southern Water City, Long Hangxun.

These brutes and demons were really arrogant.

They came to the Imperial Capital as guests, but dared to meddle in the affairs of the Human Race.

Ye Qingyu was furious.

But at the same time he also knew that they had created a huge disturbance, yet no skilled masters from the Imperial household were sent to help out and the military also maintained a very strange silence. This meant that, in the empire, there was more than one important person of the empire that had secretly reached an agreement with these demons and brutes, and had tacitly consented them to do so.

These people really were ridiculously bold.

“Long Hangyun, why are you here, don’t tell me you also want to meddle in the matters of the Human Race?” Ye Qingyu stood in front of the [Light Palace], his white robe bright as jade, and questioned him, his voice loud like the roar of thunder.

“Haha, little kid, dare to call me directly by my name. Now the talented and able have gathered, all living creatures under the heavens should manage the affairs of the world. The [Light Palace] willfully slaughtered the innocent back then, blood filled the sky.” Great Demon Long Hangyun stood in the vault of heaven, laughing loudly, and said disdainfully, “My Southern Water City Demon Clan also had been slaughtered countless times by the minions of the [Light Palace]. Today I came to help, to get revenge, what’s wrong with that?”

Ye Qingyu laughed loudly, “Long Hangyun, you are a master of your generation, don’t you feel ashamed saying such words? I am young, but also know that those that were killed by the [Light Palace] were all demons of the Southern Water City that were creating chaos and massacring in the land of the Human Race. Since the heavens care for every living thing, the Lord of the Light Palace back then spared you guys and did not raid the Southern Water City, otherwise today the Hurricane Wave Demon Court wouldn’t exist. Not only are you not grateful and did notrepent, instead attacked the [Light Palace], do you really think that no one can control you? Be careful of losing your life in the Snow Capital.”

“Presumptuous!”

Long Hangyun was enraged.

In the City of Water, he governed tens of millions of demon clans, was well respected, and his words carried enormous weight. There was no one who dared to talk to him in that tone.

As he thundered, one of the little eight dragon heads at the side of his head suddenly opened its mouth and shot out a purple lightning at Ye Qingyu, with a power like that of a blade of a destructive deity.

The formidable power of the purple lightning was above that of the bald-headed Brute giant’s invisible sword.

Ye Qingyu clenched his teeth, and was about to move.

At this moment, in the fiery forest, there was another gust of wind, whipping up the thin red fiery leaves, defying the natural order, rose to mid-air in the blink of the eye, and slashed at the purple lightning as though it was a bright red sword.

Bang!

A sudden burst of noise.

The purple lightning vanished.

The fiery leaves were set into flames at the edge, slowly descending.

Ye Qingyu’s eyes glowed.

This time he saw clearly——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 432:


Chapter 452 - The Leader of the Divine Generals

In the split second of the wind rising, the old man, who kept his head low and sweeping the floor, waved the broom in his hands about.

It really was him?

Ye Qingyu had no idea at all.

As though he sensed Ye Qingyu’s surprise, old man Su who had been keeping his head down and sweeping, suddenly lifted his head and smiled at Ye Qingyu, showing his yellow teeth that were half gone. His skin was like dried longan, wrinkled and dried, and at first glance even his facial features were not very clear.

But his smile, made Ye Qingyu certain that this old man Su was really the hidden world expert who had helped him twice before. He had used a soft and weak little leaf to withstand the attacks of the bald giant expert of the Brute Race and great demon Long Hangyun.

Old man Su gently smiled. He threw away the broom in his hand, placed both hands on his waist, stood up and sighed, “Really, a group of simple-minded things fooling around. You made this old man have to stop sweeping the floor. Can’t they let me have some peaceful days?”

He raised his arm, slowly stretching his body. The bones and joints of his body were, like a rusty machine, making squeaking sounds. His bent body was gradually straightening up.

He smiled at Ye Qingyu and nodded. “Old man pays his respect to the Palace Lord.”

Ye Qingyu, not able to determine the identity of this old man Su, could only nod in response.

In the sky, there were two experts who also saw this scene.

The look on the Great Demon King of the Hurricane Wave Demon Court, Long Hangyun, grew serious, asking loudly, “Who are you? Why sneak into the [Light Palace]?”

“Sneak in?” Old man Su smiled, stretched his back, and stepped away until he soared into the air, his body transforming and constantly rising higher. In less than ten steps, he had came to as high as the vault of heaven, standing opposite of the two experts. “Oh, the little loach that my subordinate didn’t kill last time has grown up, and dares to step into the Snow Capital and fight against my Lord of the Light Palace. It seems that you stupid fools that eat from the water do not have a good memory!”

With these words, there was a sudden change in the expression on the Great Demon King Long Hangyun’s face.

A bewildered look crept slowly across his face, as his eyes were staring up and down at old man Su, trying to discern the identity of the old man who seemed like he would fall down with a gust of wind.

But on the other side, the bald-headed expert of the Brute Race did not have any fear at all.

He was a recent Witch King born between the White Mountain Black Waters called Jin Yi. It has been twenty years ever since he received the status of King, and although he was not famous in the Heaven Wasteland Domain, among the demons of White Mountain Black Water he has a well respected reputation. He was considered the most outstanding genius of White Mountain Black Water in the century, and had received praise from the current Brute Emperor of Water Mountain. His growth and experience had been a completely smooth ride, he was quite unruly and considered everyone else to be beneath him.

“You’re the one that just blocked my attack?”

There were black tattoos all over the bald-headed Brute expert Jin Yi’s body. When he was speaking, the tattoos on his face were flashing, and there were penetrating evil spirits roaming around. Then, a dark cyan light suddenly shot out from his eyes, like lightning.

“Ah, the younger generation is not sensible. They do not know the immensity of heaven and earth, and wants to use this light to stab at this old man?” Old man Su waved his hand casually.

A fiery leaf appeared between his fingers.

The small leaf was creating a warm flickering glow, and like a small mirror was on one side, it easily blocked the dark blue gaze.

The eye light was a witchcraft of the Brute Witch Palace.

Legends say that this sort of witchcraft can exhibit the power of the witch through their eyes. Whatever object the eyes fall on, the witch power can instantly penetrate into their body, producing fear, sadness, hate, despair and all sorts of terrifying negative emotions. It could directly destroy the opponent’s heart, make it become their puppet, and completely destroy a person’s martial arts will.

This kind of witchcraft had a very high restraint on a cultivator’s innate conditions. Since ancient times, there had only been a few cultivators that were successful. It’s no surprise that Jin Yi was worthy of being called a rare genius of White Mountain Black Water, and was able to display this power in the blink of an eye.

Unfortunately, old man Su was effortlessly able to block his pupil light with a small piece of leaf, and neutralize the attack.

Jin Yi’s face twisted in disbelief, and was about to change his attack method.

But old man Su turned his hand over and gently blew at the fire leaf in his hand.

There was a loud bang, a bright flash of flame, that came exploding out from the little leaf, but before the blazing heat was felt, there was a formidable power that build up so suddenly that it was beyond the reaction speed of anyone. By the time Jin Yi could react, his witch power was broken through and a ring of fire surrounded him.

“Hmph, you want to refine me with a mere ordinary fire? Great Witch divine of the wilderness, give me witch body!”

Jin Yi thundered, when the tattoos all over his body flashed and drifted out, darkness spread. The numerous tattoos were like a roaming dragon, flickering within one meter of distance from his body. Then, the faint black light transformed into a huge, dozens of meters high body, with the same appearance and face as Jin Yi, except the body was even more tremendous, witch power surging, like a real person. There was ancient demon force pouring out, obstructing the scarlet red flame attack.

Witch body!

The experts of the Brute Race cultivated the power of the witch and worship the ancient witch divine. In the ancient times of the Brute race, it is said that there were 18 martial divines, experts of the Brute Race that obtained witch power through cultivation. The more profound the cultivation, the higher the possibility of reversing and stimulating the blood of the martial divine. Once successful, one can achieve the power of the witch divine.

Those that achieved the witch body was a Witch King.

At this critical moment, Jin Yi sacrificed his witch body to resist against the flames that erupted from the fiery leaf.

“Oh, so you have built a witch body. No wonder you are so arrogant at such a young age. But your witch body is not good enough, I will discipline you well on behalf of your family.” As though old man Su had expected such a scene, he tossed away the fiery leaf.

Instantaneously, the fiery leaf swelled and grew, extending to thousands of meters long and hundred meters wide, like a huge curtain covering half the sky.

Before Jin Yi could react, the expanded leaf curled up and wrapped around his witch body. In a fraction of a second he was covered with hundreds of layers like a huge wrapped dumpling. The branches and marks of the fiery leaf were like a natural rune formation. There was a blazing red stream of light flashing, and a mysterious power surging. No matter how Jin Yi was struggling inside, he could not break free.

On the other side, when Great Demon King Long Hanyun saw this scene, his expression abruptly changed, like he just saw a ghost.

“North Blazing Red Fire... You... are you Gao Diping? Gong, Shang, Jue, Zhi, Yu, the Gong of the Five Great Divine Generals.” Long Hangyun didn’t know whether it was fear or shock, but his body was slightly trembling, raising his finger and pointing to old man Su. “You you you... You have been hiding in the Snow Capital all along, you... No, your body... How did you become like this?"

Gong, Shang, Jue, Zhi, Yu!

The five men of the six experts who were following the divine War God.

The divine War God was unrivalled, the Five Great Divine Generals, Gong, Shang, Jue, Zhi, Yu, were also famous for their fighting prowess. It is said that the Five Great Divine Generals were all orphans, and of a low status, but the divine War God took them in as disciples and gave them guidance in martial arts. Ten years later, they fought for the Snow Empire and had never lost once, even many masters of the era of sects were no match for them. In many bloody wars, the divine War God did not need to do anything, the Five Great Divine Generals were able to get rid of countless enemies.

At that time, how many masters of the era of sects and monsters of the ancient times were killed by the Five Great Divine Generals.

The Five Great Divine Generals earned their glory through a series of bloody battles.

As a man who had been through that period of time, Long Hangyun knew how frightening the Five Great Divine Generals were.

And the person in front of him right now, North Blazing Red Fire Gao Diping, was the legendary Divine General Gong, the leader of the Five Great Divine Generals, also the one that killed the most, and had cultivated a fiery yuan qi state. Long Hangyun was able to determine the identity of this old man Su from his strength and aura.

Old man Su smiled. “I have retired from Jianghu for a hundred years, still someone remembers my name, good. Hahaha, on the basis of you recognizing my identity, today I won’t kill you. Small loach get lost, the matters of the [Light Palace] is not something you can interfere in.”

“You...” Long Hangyun was furious, but dared not attack at this moment.

He was well respected in the waters of the south, even the Hurricane Water Demon Court had been extremely courteous to him. But this old man had called him a little loach. It was a huge insult, but his opponent was an invincible divine general who had once dominated an era. Although he had been retired for a hundred years, his power still existed. Long Hangyun was somewhat apprehensive.

Just then——

“Oh, the former Five Great Divine Generals are now just a dog, a weak and old body, at his last breaths. But he still dares to be be so arrogant, and showing off the authority of the past. You are just appearing fierce while cowardly at heart. It really is ridiculous and pitiful.”

Another voice sounded.

A tall and imposing stature, in the flickering glimmer, appeared in the air.

On the ground.

Ye Qingyu, who has been swallowing his astonishment, quietly watching how the situation developed, could not help exclaiming at this moment.

Because the one that appeared in the air, Ye Qingyu knew who he was.

White brows and white hair, a silver demon armour.

The figure was like an icy snow mountain that never changed. It was enough to make one feel suffocation with once glimpse.

The villain of this generation, Yan Buhui.

Since the establishment of the Snow Empire, he the biggest traitor of the Human Race.

The eternal disgrace of Youyan Pass.

The target that the Youyan Pass army wanted to kill even in their dreams.

Also the head of this Snow Ground Demon Court diplomatic mission, the representative of the Snow Emperor Demon Court in charge of the peace talks with the Snow Capital.

Yan Buhui!

This ruthless person that faces thousands of pointing fingers with a cold scowl, made an appearance in this way, at such time, and at such occasion... He, in the face of the numerous people of the Snow Capital, in the face of his own fellow soldiers and citizens, did he really not have the slightest fear and guilt?

Ye Qingyu’s gaze was firmly fixed on that man.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

