Chapter 885:


Chapter 902 - Ye Qingyu's Choice


After doing some mental weighing, Ye Qingyu did not rush into making a decision and instead asked, "Mr. Ren Puyang, could you enlighten me on what kind of place this [Divine Weapon Hall] is?"

He had become highly curious of every mysterious forbidden area within the Alliance of Domains ever since he got to see the [Infinite Arsenal] of the Alliance's congress.

To one side, Ren Puyang grabbed an ocher-colored document out of one of the bookshelves behind him and read through it quickly. After thinking for a bit, he explained, "By and large, it's similar to the [Infinite Arsenal] and was also created by a nameless martial emperor. It specializes in collecting ownerless divine weapons of this world. Ever since it came into being, whenever an expert perishes among the myriad domains, those undamaged divine weapons which are rendered ownerless would be stored in there."

Although Ren Puyang did not go into detail, Ye Qingyu was nevertheless shocked.

He immediately realized that, over hundreds of thousands of years, the divine weapons stored in there were probably as uncountable as the sand grains of the Ganges, or comparable in number to the techniques in the [Infinite Arsenal].

This [Divine Weapon Hall] could most definitely be considered the arsenal with the richest collection in this world.

"Immortal, you said that I can pick any weapon below an emperor one... wouldn't that mean there are actually emperor weapons stored in the [Divine Weapon Hall]?" Ye Qingyu's eyes gave off a splendor as he could not help questioning.

"I'm not too sure about that. Perhaps and perhaps not. Like the [Infinite Arsenal], the mysteries of the [Divine Weapon Hall] aren't completely known even to the higher-ups of the Alliance. I've heard stories that tens of thousands of years ago, after a Quasi-emperor-level expert and his race perished, their life weapons were kept into there. And a hundred thousand years ago, a Great Emperor had emerged in this world, and so there should be emperor weapons in there, but..." Ren Puyang laughed when he spoke to this point. "But you don't have to think too much about it. Leaving aside the fact that you may only pick a divine weapon which is below an emperor weapon, given your present strength, you wouldn't be able to successfully obtain a divine weapon even if you are interested in one, for they are spiritual and are comparable in power to a martial emperor in their complete form. Even if you get to see one face-to-face, you wouldn't necessarily gain its recognition, which more so values an individual's opportunity and fate."

Ye Qingyu nodded thoughtfully.

Having heard all this, he was by now very clear about the two rewards from the Alliance of Domains.

But he still wanted to hear Ren Puyang's recommendation before he could make a proper decision, and so he asked sincerely, "Mr. Ren Puyang, just one more question. Which do you suggest?"

The latter smiled when he heard this, albeit his expression became somewhat graver than before.

He had mentally weighed these two choices on behalf of Ye Qingyu countless times already, and knew very well that they were completely different in substance and nature, such that they were even polar opposites. The deputy position would grant Ye Qingyu influence in the form of status elevation but would have no effect on his personal cultivation. Conversely, the divine weapon choice would grant him strength, causing his battle strength to skyrocket in a highly tangible fashion.

Each would lead to different changes to his future growth once chosen.

After hesitating for a bit, Ren Puyang slowly placed the document in his hand down and spoke up once more, with his expression returning to one of calm, "I shall mention a few points now that you've asked. Both rewards were what a few other human sages in the Alliance and I did our best to fight for on your behalf, and we even paid a little price in exchange. They thus can be considered hard-earned and are once-in-a-lifetime opportunities for any warrior in this world... But if you already have a suitable weapon in hand, you might want to consider choosing the former. Although you'd only be a deputy in name and cannot command the Alliance's divine guards, you'd ultimately gain proper status within the Alliance, which is what you and the Heaven Wasteland Domain are most lacking in right now. To a certain extent, becoming my deputy will grant you the right to do things. Besides, other races and forces would have to consider this status of yours if they ever think about laying a finger on you thenceforth."

In truth, there was an even deeper reason which Ren Puyang did not mention.

Although this deputy status did not come with actual authority, it would open the gates of the Alliance for Ye Qingyu. By taking up this position, he would enter the Alliance's power framework and would eventually have room and opportunity for promotion. The most fundamental goal of Ren Puyang and several other human representatives was precisely to get a human Heaven's prideling like him to join the Alliance. Put even more bluntly, Ren Puyang was preparing to groom Ye Qingyu to become his own successor. Although Ren Puyang was peerless in wisdom and strength, his methods had always been typically mild, and over so many years, he gradually felt that the Human Race might be better off with a hard-hitting spokesperson. Someone like Ye Qingyu, who appeared crazy yet was able to create a lifeline with his choices every time he did things, would be able to fight for even more benefits for and consolidate the atmosphere among the Human Race. This was one of the reasons why Ren Puyang thought so highly of him.

Of course, there was no need to let Ye Qingyu know this reason so soon.

Moreover, Ren Puyang did not wish for his own analysis and intervention to overly affect the choice and future development of this young human Heaven's prideling. After all, everyone had their own disposition and destiny.

He looked smilingly at Ye Qingyu after offering his suggestion.

It would now be up to Ye Qingyu to decide which path to take.

There was silence for some time.

Only the gentle circulation of the air could be heard in the room.

With his eyes lowered, Ye Qingyu was deliberating.

He already had the [Blood Drinker Sword] which he personally refined, and although its power was currently not at the level of a divine weapon, there was still room for growth. And even if it never attained an ideal level, he still had the [Cloud Top Cauldron] which was a treasure comparable to a divine weapon. With these two weapons at hand, he had no real need for a divine weapon. As they say, one should not bite off more than one can chew, and besides, the divine weapons would not necessarily suit him. Conversely, the deputy status seemed more suitable for him at present. He did not really mind not attaining real authority, and believed that this status would make it a lot easier for him to do things.

Most importantly, the protection offered by the Alliance would have a suppressive effect on those forces hiding in the dark. Furthermore, given that the Heaven Wasteland Domain had just passed their grading and business there was beginning to prosper, it would be extremely advantageous to its development and security if he could take up a deputy position.

After half an hour or so, he had thoroughly established the pros and cons of both choices. Raising his head, he kept a straight face and said, "Mr. Ren Puyang, I've thought things through... I've decided to take up the deputy position and forgo the chance to enter the [Divine Weapon Hall]."

"Alright." Ren Puyang nodded and smiled.

Although he did not want to intervene in Ye Qingyu 's choice too much, this answer was in agreement with his deepest thoughts, and so his mood instantly improved greatly.

The two chatted a while longer.

Seeing that considerable time had passed, Ye Qingyu intended to take his leave.

Ren Puyang summoned in Tang Chong, the white-robed divine guard who was standing on the porch, before he stood up and patted Ye Qingyu on the shoulder, "The modification of the two Black Moon Immortal Palace warships will be completed in another ten days or so. You may bring them back when the time comes. One more thing, I'll be leaving Heaven Connect City for an indefinite period of time in two days. You may contact Little Tang Chong if you have any issues during this period. In a while, he'll be bringing you to complete the procedures of taking up the position."

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu snapped in surprise, "Mr. Ren Puyang, you're leaving Heaven Connect City?!"

He said he hasn't left Heaven Connect City for many years, which is reasonable considering his role as the spokesperson of the Human Race in the Alliance of Domains. It would be more abnormal for him to leave the city, yet he even said he'll be away for an indefinite period of time. What could be so important that he has to see to it personally for an extended period?

Though he had these inner doubts, Ye Qingyu did not ask further.

There were some things which should not be asked about since Ren Puyang did not talk about them.

After nodding and saluting Ren Puyang farewell, he left together with Tang Chong.

The procedures for taking up a position were very tedious.

Though it was merely a deputy position, he nevertheless had to go through many verification checkpoints and submit a lot of identity information to various departments, such was how complicated the procedures were.

Two hours later, Tang Chong led Ye Qingyu to submit a portion of the necessary information and temporarily received a strip-shaped, silver-colored token which was round on top and squarish below. On it were the Alliance of Domains' symbol and Ye Qingyu's title. However, this did not mean that all of the procedures had been completed. It was at this time that Ye Qingyu realized how tedious the various inspections and formalities of the Alliance were. Having existed among the Vast Thousand Domains for countless years and developed until the present day, this yet-mighty behemoth had inevitably become overstaffed and was growing a little unwieldy.

On the reception airship.

"With this token, it'll become much more convenient for you to enter and leave the Alliance of Domains. The other procedures will take some time to be completed. You may return to your station for now and await further news." Tang Chong remained as respectful as ever.

"Thanks for your help, Divine Guard Tang Chong." Ye Qingyu smiled.

...

In the Heaven Wasteland Building.

Ye Qingyu resumed his self-isolation after returning.

Because he did not conceal his tracks while making his way back, he was seen by many people, thereby giving rise to all kinds of news and rumors in Heaven Connect City. Many people believed this to mean that Ye Qingyu had been released by the Alliance of Domains, and used this belief to invertedly prove that Ye Qingyu had been locked up in the Alliance of Domains’ prison all this time. This version of events was given further credence by the fact that Ye Qingyu had covertly proceeded to Ren Puyang's place earlier on, and so nobody knew about that. All kinds of interpretations began to swirl in the city after a large majority of the public agreed with this speculation.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 886:


Chapter 903 - Breaking of Agreements


Before he had finished drinking his tea, several station management officials walked in from the back hall, each holding a stack of documents and letters.

"Your Excellency, another dozen or so chambers of commerce sent letters this morning, explicitly stating their intention to unilaterally tear up the cooperation agreements with the Heaven Wasteland Domain." Registrar Liu, who was wearing a dark-green robe and was in charge of foreign affairs, sighed lightly and appeared terribly annoyed as he stroked the beard on his worried face. Over the past couple of days, he had nearly twisted off all of his originally-already-sparse facial hair. As one of the few station members, he was truly worried.

"These damned chambers of commerce and forces are absolutely a bunch of fence-sitters. Not too long ago, every one of them couldn't have been any more enthusiastic as they queued from morning to night to seek an opportunity for cooperation with us, nearly destroying the threshold of the Heaven Wasteland Building. Their words at that time were all so flattering, but now, when the situation has soured just a little bit, they immediately change course and rub salt in our wounds. What a bunch of buffoons." Si Yu'an, the burly and black-armored guard captain, appeared rather grim-faced.

He was in his sixties, which was the youth phase for Heaven Ascension realm warriors before their prime years. Born into a sect of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, his talents were immense, and he was also initially unable to reach the Heaven Ascension realm because of the suppression caused by the universal laws of the domain. He eventually got rid of the martial shackles upon him after entering the Road of Chaos. Among the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, he was considered a high-ranking member who was only secondary to the few core members, and had provided important contributions and continually increased his strength during the surprise attack on the contingent and the battle in the Chaotic Windstorms. As a person of loyalty, chivalry, and considerable prestige, he was thought highly of by Ye Qingyu, who personally retained him when the envoy mission departed.

Unlike most martial experts, he was very thoughtful and was not impulsive in doing things.

This was another reason why Ye Qingyu kept him in the Heaven Wasteland Building.

"As they say, everyone hits a man when he's down, and rats always leave a sinking ship... Your Excellency, it'll be very unfavorable for us if things continue to develop in this way, should we..." To one side, a tinge of worry flashed across Staff Officer Xu's eyes.

Over the past few days, they had successively received several hundred documents like this. Those forces and chambers of commerce which had either reached or expressed interest in a cooperation agreement with the Heaven Wasteland Domain found all sorts of excuses to back out, afraid of having any further relations with the domain.

"What are you saying?" Great Dragon Turtle Demon darted a glance at Staff Officer Xu and rebuked. "Man down? Sinking ship? Are you saying the Heaven Wasteland Domain is collapsing? Or that we're all rats?"

The latter was startled at once.

Under Ye Qingyu's tutelage, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon had recently begun to build up prestige and was becoming increasingly mature in doing things. He was able to thoroughly solve all kinds of difficult problems that fell under his responsibility, while his martial cultivation had soared into the Saint realm. His horizons and mental outlook had broadened considerably, such that he displayed great foresight in doing things and thereby garnered Ye Qingyu's deep trust. The crowd was awed at once when he spoke with a slightly heavier tone than usual.

"No no no, Your Excellency, that's not what I mean, I was saying..." Staff Officer Xu hurriedly explained.

"Alright, no need to explain. I know what you mean." The Great Dragon Turtle Demon waved his hands while revealing an extremely kindly expression. "I know you also mean well for the Heaven Wasteland Building, but remember, you were handpicked by Her Highness and Lord Ye Qingyu to remain here, and so every word you say represents this place. It's most important at this time not to panic and become confused. You mustn't believe everything that's said outside, and should instead use your own judgment."

"Your Excellency, I'll adhere to your advice." Looking ashamed, Staff Officer Xu sincerely acknowledged.

Only now did the Great Dragon Turtle Demon nod his head.

He had appeared perfectly calm and collected all this time, as if unworried by the present situation.

Although the Dragon Human Race's unilateral declaration of war against the Heaven Wasteland Domain seemed like an aggressive move, it was actually meaningless. This was because, before the Alliance officially approved of it, the threat and intimidation of such a declaration were greater than its substance. Given these circumstances, the Heaven Wasteland Domain had not actually been forced into a corner. In fact, on the contrary, it continued to occupy an advantageous position. After all, as a new domain, all of its resources were yet untapped and it was thus seen as a mine of unlimited potential by other domains. Once its value had reached a certain level, there would be no shortage of forces and domains willing to cooperate with it. Certainly, not every chamber of commerce in this world feared the Dragon Human Domain.

Moreover, if war truly broke out and resources were damaged, the ones whose interests would be affected first were none other than those forces who wanted to extract large amounts of resources from the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Naturally, they would not allow this to happen.

Although the Great Dragon Turtle Demon did not spend long in Heaven Connect City, he had eagerly collected and read news regarding this world every now and then, thereby broadening his horizons from just a city or domain to the entire Vast Thousand Domains. Having experienced countless political struggles in the Southern Waters Demon Court when he was younger, this now-old monster was already highly astute. Perhaps he was somewhat confused when he first arrived in Heaven Connect City because he was unable to see the situation for what it was, but now that he understood the rules of this world, he was starting to become someone powerful.

In fact, it was not just him but also many members of the Heaven Wasteland Building who had made great progress. Their outlooks and perspectives when examining and thinking over problems had begun to change and were continuously improving.

Every one of them was able to view this world with wide-open eyes.

It was just that they themselves were unaware of this.

For instance, Staff Officer Xu was muddled by his own concern for the situation in front of his eyes. In truth, he simply needed to calm down and analyze closely to discover that the situation in the Heaven Wasteland Building was not as dangerous as imagined. And if he thought carefully, he would understand that, no matter how fiercely the Dragon Human Race squawked, they had only managed to influence a small number of speculators. The large chambers of commerce and domains which were actually strong were still looking on with interest, and might only be pressurizing the Heaven Wasteland Domain, with the help of the Dragon Human Domain, so as to force the former to take a step back before they queued up once again, this time striving for even more benefits than before.

Given the strength of these super forces and chambers of commerce, it would not be difficult for them to stop the Dragon Human Race from attacking the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

At the end of the day, it was a matter of interests.

By passing their grading, the Heaven Wasteland Domain had completed the first step of gaining a firm foothold. It was only with the right to speak that they were able to do more. Otherwise, they would have been completely carved up by these powers a long time ago.

Furthermore, the Heaven Wasteland Domain had a martial god...

Ye Qingyu.

The Great Dragon Turtle Demon knew very well about Lord Ye Qingyu's place among the Human Race of the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Given Lord Ye Qingyu's talents and strength, the human representatives in the Alliance would certainly not allow a fast-rising Heaven's prideling like him to be easily killed off. Otherwise, they would not have let him return to the station to self-isolate at such a troubled time. But of course, more crucially, Ye Qingyu's own strength and wisdom were by now sufficient to sustain an entire domain.

After thinking through all this, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon peered in the direction of Ye Qingyu's self-isolation quiet room on the top floor, regaining his calm and composure.

"Alright, relax a little, everyone. Just do what you have to do and see what happens." He laughed.

Everyone's expressions became a lot more relaxed and smiles were formed.

Just then, a commotion was heard from outside the main door, indistinctly mingled with cursing noises.

The Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others raised their heads and looked over in surprise.

The noises became even more distinct.

"Report? Hahaha, what a joke. Still reporting, are you living in the past? Eh? Hahaha, what's the point of reporting in a place so poor even a bird wouldn't visit?! Get out of my way or I'll dig out your eyes. Things are different now, idiots, do you think you're still favored?" A harsh and arrogant voice which sounded like the rubbing of dull knives was heard from outside.

"Wait, please wait, we really have to report first, you cannot force your way in..." The voice of a guard who was trying hard to obstruct someone was heard.

Several officials in the main hall exchanged glances, every one of them already roughly knowing what the situation was.

"Guard Yu, let him in," Si Yu'an said in a deep voice.

His voice was transmitted to outside.

Soon, a young Demon Race expert walked in swaggeringly with a proud smile and a raised chin. He was wearing a gray-colored changshan and a black-colored jade waist pendant which symbol indicated that he was probably from a chamber of commerce of the Demon Race.

Seeing that the main hall was rather empty, the contempt on his face grew. "Hehe, what an empty place indeed, hahaha, and everyone's face isn't looking too good. Am I not allowed to barge into a rat-hole like this? I would never have come to a place like this if I didn't have something up..."

"Who are you and for what business are you here?" The Great Dragon Turtle Demon calmly questioned.

The young Demon expert laughed disdainfully as his eyes fell upon the Great Dragon Turtle Demon. "Are you that old dragon turtle? The one who's in charge here?"

Hearing his rude language, Si Yu'an abruptly stood up and was about to say something when he was swiftly dissuaded by the Great Dragon Turtle Demon, who gently waved his hands and winked before looking at the young man and saying with a calm expression, "That's me indeed. Are you a disciple of the Yuan Ming Chamber of Commerce?" From the black jade pendant, he had already identified the force which the young man belonged to. Several days ago, the leader of the Yuan Ming Chamber of Commerce had come to request an opportunity for cooperation, expressing interest in becoming an agent for the sale of ores from the Heaven Wasteland Domain. Seeing that he was from the Demon Race and was pleading hard, and after confirming that this chamber of commerce indeed had serviceable channels, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon signed an agreement with him.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 887:


Chapter 904 - Countermeasure, Decision, and a New Strategy


"Hahaha, good that it's you. Hehe, I came to inform you that our cooperation has ended, and the agreement shall be canceled." Looking unrestrained, the young disciple's slender eyes glanced across Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others with disdain. Raising the brown letter in his hand, he continued, "This is the document stating that the Yuan Ming Chamber of Commerce's cancellation of trade with the Heaven Wasteland Domain. Lord Ling is busy and thus specially sent me here. Please hand over the deposit we paid earlier."

The Yuan Ming Chamber of Commerce was a third-rate chamber of commerce who started off in the dyestuff industry. It had three stations among the nineteen cities of chaos and was considered a small force. The Lord Ling mentioned by this young Demon Race expert was rather well-known by the officials present. He had been in charge of communicating with the Heaven Wasteland Domain on business matters previously. Some time ago, he would come to queue outside the Heaven Wasteland Building before dawn every day, pleading to meet Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others.

"Busy? Then how did he come to the Heaven Wasteland Building and await a meeting every day a while back?" Adviser Xu responded with a tinge of anger. "It's impossible for you to get back the deposit, which shall be forfeited because you broke the agreement first."

"Are you really not returning the deposit?" A sinister look emerged on the young man's face. "Have you thought about the consequences, you lower domain bastards?"

The Great Dragon Turtle Demon laughed calmly, "Breaking the agreement is equivalent to reneging on your word. The deposit cannot possibly be returned."

A small deposit was nothing to the Heaven Wasteland Domain, but if they really returned it, it would be akin to receiving a slap in public and their dignity would be trampled upon. Moreover, it would lead to the other chambers of commerce which also tore up their agreements following suit, such that the scene would quickly get out of hand.

"Do you really want to do things the hard way? You'll probably fall under a different leader in a few days' time anyway. You really want us to waste more time here? Besides, the Dragon Human Race has already declared that anyone with any kind of relation to you would become their enemy. We're just a small group and cannot afford to offend the Dragonblood Dynasty and the Dragon Teeth Army." The young disciple casually tossed a document onto a side table, appearing terribly impatient. "I'll give you one last chance. Will you return the deposit or not?"

Unable to bear it any longer after hearing this, Si Yu'an abruptly stood up. "Try asking one more time." Everyone familiar with him knew that these words were said when he was about to go mad.

The young man was also startled by Si Yu’an's vigor. Taking several steps back, he put on a tough front. "Why? Are you looking for a fight?"

"I certainly cannot change your decision, but the deposit you paid cannot be returned, as this counts as a unilateral breaking of contract by your side after all. Also, go back and tell Lord Ling to think about the price that should be paid if you ever want to cooperate again with the Heaven Wasteland Domain in the future." As calm as ever, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon said unhurriedly.

"Hmph, the Heaven Wasteland Domain is already hanging by a thread, what future? Haha, are you for real? Maybe in your dreams." The young disciple cursed and was about to say more, but seeing the gloomy expression on Si Yu’an's face, he held back his words and turned to leave in a huff.

The main hall became quiet again.

The overly-arrogant demeanor of this Demon Race youth made everyone feel as disgusted as having swallowed a dead fly.

"If we were in the Heaven Wasteland Domain, this fellow would've died a thousand and one times already." Si Yu’an bit his teeth, looking gloomy.

It was extremely tough for him to restrain himself earlier.

"As short-sighted as a mouse." Adviser Xu shook his head. "This Yuan Ming Chamber of Commerce won't last very long."

"Hoho, let them dig their own graves... However, this matter has reminded me that there are many things to do ahead." The Great Dragon Turtle Demon waved his hands and interrupted, then said after thinking for a while, "Give orders to reply to all chambers of commerce and forces who have sent documents about breaking their agreements with us by saying that we'll agree to end the cooperation but won't return the deposit... Also, compile a list of all their names. Hehe, when this fuss has died down, they'll certainly come back on their knees and beg us. We must then make them pay a million times higher price than today's!"

"Yes, my lord," several officials responded.

Everyone took a deep breath and began to await that day.

The day when they could settle accounts with those recorded on the list.

...

The small episode that took place in the Heaven Wasteland Domain's representative station helped Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others to straighten out how to respond to this wave of agreement breaking.

As expected, after the Yuan Ming Chamber of Commerce came, several other forces arrived in succession to cancel their agreements. They were received graciously and offered similar replies. The Heaven Wasteland Building's attitude in and method of handling cases of contract breaking began to spread throughout Heaven Connect City. In many people's eyes, however, they were merely putting up a last-ditch struggle.

Meanwhile.

"Chief, should we still send this letter?"

In a quiet room of Tong Yuan Chamber of Commerce on the north street of Heaven Connect City, Chairman Wu Yuan, who was in the prime of his life, was feeling worried as he held the contract-breaking document in a pinch. Beside him was his most trusted disciple, Qian Jin, who had stood for nearly two hours waiting for the usually-decisive former to make a final decision.

"The Heaven Wasteland Building has sent word that chambers of commerce who cancel their agreements will have to pay an enormous price if they want to negotiate a trade agreement in the future." With drooping eyes, Chairman Wu slowly stroked his long beard in hesitation. "This attitude is very strange. I feel like they still have a way to escape from this predicament. What do you think, Little Qian?"

He had built up Tong Yuan Chamber of Commerce from scratch, and it had gained a small reputation in Heaven Connect City in recent decades. At first, cooperating with the Heaven Wasteland Domain was a golden opportunity for them to grow to the next level in the shortest time possible, but who would have guessed that something as unforeseeable as this would happen. He felt that he was in a very peculiar position. He had wanted to imitate the other chambers of commerce and break the agreement, but for some reason, his instincts forbade him from doing this.

These instincts had helped the Tong Yuan Chamber of Commerce to rise from the dead time and again.

"This is very unlikely. At present, the Heaven Wasteland Building cannot ensure its own safety." Qian Jin's eyes flashed as he spoke casually. "The Dragonblood Dynasty is a large force after all, while Xu Wuya is an old War God whose methods are cruel and shrewd. If he wants to take on the Heaven Wasteland Domain, the Vast Thousand Domains will be able to negate no less than twenty percent of his battle division's power. However, this absolutely does not apply to the Heaven Wasteland Domain, whose building would become nothing but an empty shell once it falls into enemy hands. I can't figure out what means they have left."

Qian Jin was the successor who Chairman Wu had worked hard to groom for several decades. He had a handsome appearance and uncommon temperament, and possessed his own opinions on commerce and relationships. Though he was loyal and reliable in doing things, Wu Yuan was a little dissatisfied with his youthful vigor which caused him to become impulsive and conceited at times.

"Aye, little one, you have to look a bit further and cannot just follow what others say. If it's just the Heaven Wasteland Domain, they would naturally be on the verge of destruction. However, you mustn't forget about Ye Qingyu, the [Ice Sword Killing God]. This badass has connections to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] for crying out loud... Also, the Alliance of Domains still hasn't reached a verdict so far. Reasonably speaking, if this matter was really this simple, there should be a verdict a long time ago. That's why I feel that there are likely to be things we don't know about. If the situation reverses, the Heaven Wasteland Domain will become red-hot again, and at that time, it'll be extremely difficult for us to secure a new agreement." Chairman Wu's eyes became brighter as he spoke.

He suddenly realized something.

The Heaven Wasteland Building is completely unafraid. Could they have found confidence here?

He could not afford to offend the Dragon Human Race and had seen those small groups suffering immense losses which would take decades to repair. He certainly did not want a lucrative opportunity to end up costing him everything he worked hard for in the past century. Yet, on the other hand, most of Tong Yuan Chamber of Commerce's industries were not within the range which could be touched by the Dragon Human Race. Besides, this time, he had paid a considerable price to obtain an opportunity from the Heaven Wasteland Building and steal a march on competitors. The agreement had fundamentally been reached and the benefits over the next few decades would be obtained with extreme ease. If he was to give this up out of fear... perhaps Tong Yuan would not run into such an opportunity for the next hundred years.

And if he was to add insult to injury and offend the administrators of the Heaven Wasteland Domain now, only to eventually discover that his prediction was right, his losses would be even bigger.

"That can't be, right?" Qian Jin frowned.

He was entirely certain about Ye Qingyu's assassination of the old emperor, having spent the past few days gathering news from various sources and reporting them to Chairman Wu.

"The complications behind this matter aren't as simple as what you and I are able to see. Scratch that, let's not send this letter for now. If war really breaks out and the Dragonblood Dynasty comes to investigate, we shall just say that we'd broken the agreement long ago, only to be denied by the Heaven Wasteland Domain." Having made his decision, Chairman Wu crumpled the wrinkled letter.

He decided to take a risk for once.

...

The situation in the city never stopped changing.

Time flew by.

Ye Qingyu had been self-isolating in the quiet room on the fifth floor of the Heaven Wasteland Building all this time.

After another two days.

New troubles appeared.

Outside the Heaven Wasteland Building.

Representatives and disciples from various chambers of commerce, as well as several unidentified figures, appeared outside the Heaven Wasteland Building, blocking off the entire station while cursing loudly.

"Heaven Wasteland bastards, don't be cowards, come out and talk. It's all because of cooperating with lower domain people like you that several elders and several thousand people of my race were killed by the Dragon Human Race... Right now, seven of our ten largest stations have been destroyed. If you guys have a conscience, you must compensate our losses!"

"Ye Qingyu is truly a crazy and heartless beast. He even dared to assassinate the old emperor of the Dragon Human Race, thereby dragging small chambers of commerce like us into catastrophes we don't deserve. We not only lost a huge fortune but also many of our elites. You must give us a good explanation today!"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 888:


Chapter 905 A Little Frightening


"That's right, small chambers of commerce like us are just nobodies who simply wanted to help you lower domain people out by cooperating, but who knew that you'd actually offend the Dragon Human Race and cause us to lose nearly everything. We've already endured great pressure and losses, yet you remain shameless enough to pocket our deposits. Do you actually have a conscience?!"

"Indeed! These lower domain bastards mustn't have seen money before. Their behavior is way too disgusting!"

"Sigh, we've truly been tricked to the extent that we can no longer make ends meet. Profiteering thugs like you have cut us right down to the bone... The hundreds of people from my chamber of commerce can't even have full meals anymore, and the elderly are nearly starving to death. This is all your fault. If you have any decency, return our deposits right now!"

"I say, hand over the killing maniac Ye Qingyu first. This lunatic should be tied up and handed over to the Dragon Human Race. He's unworthy of remaining in Heaven Connect City!"

"Not just him. Everyone from the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain should get the f*ck out of Heaven Connect City!"

For some time, countless people furiously hurled abuses. Some were afire with indignation while others cried aloud, railing against the Heaven Wasteland's shamelessness. Even more people among the crowd shouted chants which stirred up the onlookers around them.

More and more figures were drawn over.

About an hour later, as more and more figures were drawn onto the streets surrounding the Heaven Wasteland Building, the conflict between the Heaven Wasteland Domain and the Dragon Human Domain became the focus of the entire Heaven Connect City. The commotion made by the gathering crowd caused even some people who did not actually pass by to hear what was going on and come forth with a mentality of watching the fun.

Suddenly, a commotion broke out among the depths of the crowd, with loud exclamations heard.

The surrounding figures made way one after another.

Several figures dressed in the attire of the Dragon Human Race walked out.

There were six of them in total, including a white-haired old Dragon Human, a young child, and a mother and son. Every one of them had a face of grief and indignation, and was wearing plain-colored clothes. They supported each other's trembling bodies as they slowly made their way to the main entrance of the Heaven Wasteland Building under the gazes of countless pairs of eyes.

People of the Dragon Human Race have finally showed up.

What will they do?

Are they going to charge in and kill out of revenge?

But none of them look like an expert. Their auras are weak. They don't seem to have the capability to charge in and take on Maniac Ye.

Some people were feeling doubtful.

Just then...

"Ye Qingyu, you son of a bitch, get your ass out here. You shamelessly assassinated our old emperor and even dare to act innocent, hiding like a dog in the safety of this building. This world is so unfair. Sadly, we don't have the ability to take revenge. Since we can't kill you, we hope only to die so as to comfort the brave spirit of our old emperor!"

"Even in death, we'll use our blood to color the Heaven Wasteland Building red."

"This is the blood of hatred. Our blood shall not be wasted. One day, the Dragon Human Race will exterminate the bastards of the Heaven Wasteland Domain. Hahaha, we respectfully await the arrival of Maniac Ye in the netherworld!"

The six of them yelled impassionedly in front of the Heaven Wasteland Building.

Their voices were swiftly followed by two or three loud blares.

Bam bam bam!

Under the watch of countless eyes, they knocked themselves on the walls of the Heaven Wasteland Building, instantly causing their brains to burst apart and splatter. As fresh blood dyed the lower halves of the walls red, these people became devoid of breath.

Countless people were promptly dumbfounded.

Nobody had expected something like this to happen.

A hard-to-describe, heroically-tragic aura pervaded the air.

"Look, everyone, the killing devil, Maniac Ye, is so arrogant that he even compelled the citizens of the Dragon Human Race to use death to make their will clear. His evildoing is simply hair-raising!"

"These kind of people are unfit to remain here in Heaven Connect City!"

"F*ck off!"

"Butcher him!"

“Kill him!"

As angry roars were heard among the crowd, flames were fanned and a bloody smell diffused throughout the air. Seeing the bodies of the old, young, and female beings lying on the floor, a popular wrath surged and instantly combusted. A group of beings charged out of nowhere and forcefully smashed a few putrid corpses of spiritual creatures against the four walls of the Heaven Wasteland Building, causing a rotten stench to instantly encircle the station building.

The situation appeared to be spiraling out of control.

...

In the meeting hall.

The Great Dragon Turtle Demon stood in front of a table with a calm expression as he watched everything that was happening outside without giving any commands.

"My lord, why not let me go out to address them and drive them away? These fools have been led by the nose and feel that the situation isn't messy enough. To think that they'd actually come here to stoke the flames!" An angry-looking Si Yu'an suggested in a low voice.

"That won't do, Brother Si Yu’an. These clownish and despicable behaviors are deliberately trying to enrage us. This being difficult times, we'd give them the chance to whip up public opinion even more if we take action. Perhaps, there's a subsequent series of conspiracies awaiting us." Adviser Xu remained able to provide sensible advice despite having on a saturnine face.

"Indeed, that these people would suddenly gather here is surely premeditated. They want to make things even more difficult for the Heaven Wasteland Domain by causing a bigger mess at the eye of the storm. We mustn't fall for their trap." Registrar Liu nodded as he muttered.

To one side, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon laughed faintly and expressed his agreement with their ideas.

After a brief consideration, he said, "Let them scold, throw things, and even knock themselves dead on the walls if they want. We don't have to stop them or more so to chase them away. If the walls are dirtied, we'll wipe them clean later... Hoho, unfortunately for them, to act weak in front of us is the wrong choice and has even given us an opportunity. Hoho, I believe that many onlooking forces aren't blind and will soon realize who's the one acting pitiful and who's the true victim. Registrar Liu, get your men to secretly observe those representatives who've come to spread rumors and stir trouble. We mustn't let these people off. Find out who they are and record their names on a list. When this storm has passed, we shall make them pay a hundred times higher price when they come forth to request cooperation once more."

Everyone immediately understood his meaning tacitly.

Refusing to cooperate with these forces and chambers of commerce would naturally do more harm than good to the Heaven Wasteland Domain. They certainly did not want the current feelings of resentment to affect the domain's future development, and had their own ideas regarding how to make these groups pay the price for offending the domain.

They knew that the domain had to assert itself appropriately.

The humiliations of today must be compensated a thousand times over by every perpetrator.

In the following days, everything proceeded as Great Dragon Turtle Demon had instructed.

Sergeant Yu personally led five or six guards to guard outside the Heaven Wasteland Building. Whenever they spotted people sent by the Dragon Human Race or representatives who tried to incite the crowd to heap abuse on the Heaven Wasteland Domain, they would neither drive away or obstruct these people regardless of what they did. However, anything damaged by these people would be swiftly repaired and restored to their original condition.

As such, those onlookers with eyes and brains slowly realized what was going on. They gradually took pity on the Heaven Wasteland Building, and saw how no retaliation was taken against the continual abuse. Instead, by quietly enduring everything, it made its weak position apparent. Conversely, the faces of those impassioned and indignant people gradually became hideous like no other.

In the evening, Sergeant Yu returned to the meeting hall and reported back to the guard captain, Si Yu'an.

"Captain Si Yu'an, twenty trouble-making forces, each consisting of twenty people or so, arrived today. The ones who arrived last were each carrying a pot filled with dirty blood which they tossed at the courtyard of our building. These are truly the doings of thugs. To think that these people would be capable of doing such a lowly thing." Sergeant Yu didn't quite understand the plans of his higher-ups and had restrained himself to an extreme. If not for his devotion to his duty, he would probably have led the guards under his command to teach these rogues a proper lesson.

Although Si Yu'an was relatively calmer, a tinge of worry flashed across his eyes nevertheless.

These small fusses might seem insignificant, but there was a chance that, over time, the lies would be repeated enough times to become accepted as truth.

From the look of things, it was necessary to inform the higher-ups as soon as possible and arrange a few countermeasures.

...

In the Heaven Wasteland Building.

In the quiet room on the fifth floor.

Ye Qingyu, who was sitting cross-legged and attentively gathering qi on a stone bed, suddenly and slowly opened his eyes.

His expression was calm and indifferent while his body was completely spotless, giving him the stateliness of a divine monk who had gained the Dao.

As his ears twitched slightly, he heard something. He thus swept his divine consciousness across several kilometers around him, absorbing everything that happened into his mind. After glancing across briefly, he understood what was happening in the outer world.

"Some rascals are stirring trouble. What a bunch of clowns."

Switching his thoughts, he grabbed hold of the silly dog who was napping all sprawlingly on a soft cushion and muttered a few sentences in its ears.

The silly dog transformed into a beam of flowing light and left the Heaven Wasteland Building.

In the early morning of the second day.

A medium-sized reception airship cut through the clouds and slowly cruised up to the Heaven Wasteland Building. Its pale-golden formations shone like the first rays of dawn and illuminated the five-story building.

Tang Chong, the white-robed divine guard, appeared.

Under the gaze of countless astonished eyes, this extremely-high-status guard commander was personally received by the Great Dragon Turtle Demon. He entered the Heaven Wasteland Building with a smile on his face and only left after an hour or so.

He left behind four people as he departed.

Dressed in the white robes and battle armor of the Alliance of Domains, they were aces among the divine guards.

Instead of leaving together with Tang Chong, they remained standing at the main entrance of the Heaven Wasteland Building as if to guard it, with two of them on each side. Their bodies were as lofty and upright as long spears, while their eyes fiercely watched over the crowd and passers-by in the surroundings.

Judging from their looks, they were clearly under orders to protect the Heaven Wasteland Building.

For some time, everyone was astonished like never before.

First, the Divine Guard Commander, Tang Chong, had made a high-profile appearance and was seen laughing and joking with the Great Dragon Turtle Demon, who was in charge of the Heaven Wasteland Building. After he left, white-robed divine guards were actually placed in charge of protecting the Heaven Wasteland Building... The information disclosed by these sightings was plentiful indeed.

It was a little frightening.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

