Chapter 497:


517 - This girl is passable



Lotus Peak was situated within the North of Clear River Domain.

One thousand miles east of the Fragrance Plains, the terrain gradually began to rise and fall. The hilly terrain spread eastwards. After another thousand miles, one could see towering mountains, seeing the mountain range forming into peaks of all different sizes and shapes.

This piece of mountain range had beautiful and elegant scenery, with plentiful spiritual qi. On the ground, the river was surrounding it like a jade belt. There was lines of Spirit qi converging on it from the heavens and the earth, with many treasures of the world in this mountain range. There were countless Spirit birds, and was home to many Spirit beasts. This was one of the famous lands of fortune of Clear River Domain.

Lotus Peak was where the Greater One Sect was located. It was at the highest peak of this mountain range. There was a poem praising it: A peak as if planted by the Heavens, towering above the clouds, the eight shadows creating fortune, the heroes of all the world entering into the sect!

This mountain peak was famed for being vast and beautiful. One could rarely find a mountain peak that split apart like a lotus blossoming tens of thousands of meters above the ground. It split into eight, turning into eight different peaks of different shapes and height. From far away, clouds encircled it, letting off an extremely miraculous feeling.

The Lotus Peak was originally a miracle of nature.

According to the rumours, all the spirit veins within hundreds of thousands of miles from there converged here. The spirit qi shot to the clouds, causing the terrain of the earth to suddenly rise. After the passing of millions of years, only then did the Lotus Peak form. Because the Spirit qi and baleful qi clashed and opposed each other, there was the miracle of the Lotus Peak splitting into eight.

After the cultivation and care of the Greater One Sect for thousands of years, the Lotus Peak seemed even more vast, it's aura even more imposing.

The first moment that Ye Qingyu saw that strange peak covered by a sea of clouds, he could not help but be completely fiercely shaken.

Everywhere he looked, there were mountain peak after mountain peak amidst the sea of clouds. They were connected by steel cables, with bridges spanning between them. There were many pavilions, waterfalls at the side, mountain corridors, jade green steps, ancient pine trees, and cranes striving for splendour. It was not a simple scene of beauty at all.

The Youyan Pass and Snow Capital of Heaven Wasteland Domain, were also not simple ordinary huge cities. It could be called great achievements of human architecture. Many people could not help but be astounded after looking at them.

But such large cities would after all let out an imposing and authorative aura.

The Greater One Sect was an entirely different style. It was filled with imagination and a sense of beauty, like an immortal scene from the legends.

Ye Qingyu and the others rode on the back of a massive white bird, entering into the sect.

Previously, when they were between life and death, the huge deity-like hand had appeared. It tore through space, and brought them from the training area of heaven's pass. When they came to appear above the Fragrance Plains, the huge deity-like hand had also disappeared.

The Fragrance Plains was originally an area that the Greater One Sect controlled, so the problem of safety was entirely resolved.

Experts of the Greater One Sect had long been waiting for them there. They received Han Qi, Lin Yi, Ye Qingyu and the others. Riding a huge white bird, they headed towards the sect.

The wingspan of this white bird exceeded a hundred meters. It's scale was massive, but it was incomparably nimble, and it's speed like lightning. The distance of thousands of miles was covered by it in less than half an incense stick of time.

"No wonder those Greater One Sect disciples act so badly that they are prouder than heavenly birds. They have the requirements to be proud. Just from the layout of this sect, this Greater One Sect could absolutely be called a great ancient sect.

Ye Qingyu sighed in admiration hiddenly in his heart.

Yu Xiaoxing's eyes brightened with light. She also could not help but sigh in admiration, "This really is far too beautiful. This definitely is the residence of immortals. Oh, look, that floating peak is really far too astounding, I really want to live here for the rest of my life."

Young girls were creatures that were easily moved.

Yu Xiaoxing could be said to have seen and experienced many things. But from an early age, what she saw was the brilliant white snow cover of Youyan Pass and its vast and cruel environment that was like steel. The beautiful, fantastic scenery before her eyes could not help but make her drunk with admiration.

"That floating peak is known as Heavenly Pavilion. It namely is my pavilion and residence. If Miss Xing'er likes to, then you naturally can stay there forever," Xiao Yunlong said with a smile.

On the way, he had already found several opportunities to speak with Xing'er.

But they were all artfully dodged by Xing'er.

Evidently, this talent of the Greater One Sect was very interested in the Xing'er who had an Imperial aura around her body.

"In front of us is the main peak. The Elders of the Elder's Residence has already been notified. They should be coming to meet you right now. When we ascend the main peak, you must account for what you have experienced and seen in detail.“

The white haired Han Qi said with a smile.

Lin Yi and the others rushed to reply.

In a flash

The huge white bird descended on the main Lotus Peak.

This main peak was extremely vast. The huge white bird landed on a gigantic, seemingly endless plain and everyone descended. There were people that quickly brought the white bird away. There were Greater One Sect disciples that long waited there, and brought Lin Yi and the others to the Heavenly Monarch Pavilion.

Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing were temporarily forced to wait at one of the guest residences at the boundaries of the courtyard.

"Please wait here briefly. After we see the elders of the sects, we'll come find you," before leaving, Lin Yi said very passionately and courteously.

The person that accompanied Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing was namely the white-haired Han Qi.

After two hours passed, they still could not see Lin Yi and the others returning.

Han Qi was not impatient. He ordered disciples to bring food and cold beverages, and received Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing very passionately. He told people to bring Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing to wash and clean up, swapping on clean clothes.

"Brother Ye is really a dragon among men."

Han Qi sighed in admiration.

He complimented in his heart. A people really depended on his clothing and a horse his saddle. Previously, Ye Qingyu was like a wild brute that drunk blood and ate feathers. Who could have guessed that after he wore a clean set of clothing, he was heroic and handsome. His aura was not ordinary, and he instantly transformed to a rarely seen handsome youth.

It was only a pity that his strength was too low.

Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing could not help but be somewhat impatient while conversing with Han Qi.

The Greater One Sect were not amiable fellows. They could not truly be said to be completely safe by coming here.

Four hours later.

There were Greater One Sect disciples that came here to report that the Elder's Residence invites the two noble guests from other domains to come visit.

Han Qi brought Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing to the Heavenly Monarch Pavilion.

Heavenly Monarch Pavilion was the main pavilion of the Lotus Peak. It's aura was imposing, like a dragon or tiger coiling up.

It was normal, if there was any important matters within Greater One Sect or some event, the Greater One Zhenren as well as the elders of the Elder's Residence, as well as the Peak Masters of the other seven peaks, to congregate in this area. They would gather within the Heavenly Monarch Pavilion to make a joint decision, and it was an important governing area of the Greater One Sect.

There were countless formation arrays around the great pavilion of all sorts of manifestation, and it's tight security did not need to be mentioned.

Under the lead of Han Qi, Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing entered into the pavilion.

In the middle of the pavilion, there was a lotus pond with clear water running through it. It was so transparent that one could see the bottom, where fire red Spirit fishes swam there comfortably. Every ten steps, there was a lotus plant, the fragrance of the lotus assaulting the nose.

In the middle of the lotus pond, there was an avenue of stone steps.

As they followed this avenue, they came to the inside of the main pavilion. A scarlet carpet covered the pall of the Great Pavilion completely. In front of them were nine steps, and above it were eight main Lotus seats. But the main Lotus seat as well as the four Lotus seats by the sides were empty.

Only the two seats slightly to the right and the one at the far left were occupied. There sat three middle-aged men with an imposing aura.

There were tens of people below on the two sides of the stone steps.

There were some people that were standing. There was an old man with his hair as white as snow and there was a middle-aged man that seemed to look on disdainfully. All of them were of different appearances, but all of them were experts of the Greater One Sect. The yuan qi fluctuation around everybody far exceeded the peak of the Bitter Sea stage. Standing there, they were like starry fireballs with a frightening aura about them.

After the reminder of Han Qi, Ye Qingyu did not need to guess anymore. On the three main Lotus seats on the steps, namely sat three of the Peak Masters of the eight main Peaks. The people below with vast and frightening auras must be the elders of the Elder's Residence.

Apart from these people, the other Greater One Sect disciples like Lin Yi that had been fortunately brought back could not be seen.

"I pay my respects to the three Shishu, I pay my respects to all the Elders."

Han Qi gave a minor greeting.

Within the Greater One Sect, the Eight Main Peak Masters, were all known as Patriarchs. And the Peak Master of the the Greater One Peak were also known as the leaders of the entire Greater One Sect, with the highest power and authority.

"Are you two the humans of Heaven Wasteland Domain?"

The person sitting at the far left seat opened his mouth and asked. His voice was great, as if it resounded from the edges of Heaven. There was an endless authority contained within that completely sounded out throughout the entire Heavenly Monarch Pavilion, as if there was an echo. it caused those that heard it to have respect born in their hearts.

"Ye Qingyu, Yu Xiaoxing, of Heaven Wasteland Domain, pays their respects to the elders of the Greater One Sect."

Ye Qingyu clasped his hands together, paying a perfunctory greeting.

"Impudence!"  Within the crowd of elders, there was someone that loudly shouted, his voice like thunder, "Commoners of a lower realm, you see the three Patriarchs but you don't bow down to pay your respects. How dare you be so disrespectful?"

Ye Qingyu's eyebrows moved up.

"No matter." On the right side of the Lotus Platform, another Patriarch opened his mouth, "These two are not the disciples of our Greater One Sect, so they do not need to follow the rules of the sect." As he said this, he smiled towards Yu Xiaoxing and Ye Qingyu. "I only knew today, that there was a domain like Heaven Wasteland Domain, within the endless domains of this Universe. It is a comparatively young domain, and also ruled by humans. This is the fortune of our race."

"That's right, us humans walk with difficulty. Who would have thought that in a newly born domain, there would be one where it was ruled over by the Human Race. " The other Peak Master by the side nodded his head, but then frowned after that, "But in a newly born domain, the laws are not complete, and yuan qi will also be at an ebb. Once news of its existence is known, it will very dangerous.”

Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing both did not say anything.

“Lin Yi has already recounted his previous experiences to all the elders here. But the time he remained within Heaven Wasteland Domain was too short. Young man, are you willing to describe the situation of Heaven Wasteland Domain in detail? " The Magnificent Peak Master who opened his mouth first directly asked.

Ye Qingyu frowned.

He hesitated for a brief moment, before giving a perfunctory explanation, not giving a detailed explanation.

Yu Xiaoxing was also very cautious. On the way, through her understanding of the Greater One Sect disciples, she discovered that this sect was not something that they could truly trust and rely on. Before they were clear about the objectives of these people, she did not want to expose too many things regarding Heaven Wasteland Domain.

"Hmph, this is completely half-hearted," within the crowd of elders, there was someone who snorted, evidently extremely dissatisfied.

"Fine, having caution is normal." The Peak Master of Bright Moon Peak smiled, "Previously, Lin Yi asked me to receive two youths from another domain under my wing. Previously, senior brother, you said we must look at the talent of these two youths, before we decide on whether to let them in the sect. Have you come to a decision at this time?"

“The talent of this girl is not bad, and her foundations are passable. However she is not that young anymore, and has passed by the golden period of cultivation. But she could perhaps enter into the sect. It's only that this boy..."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 498:


Chapter 518, Odd-job worker

When Ye Qingyu heard this, although there was a smile on his face, he was snorting coldly inwardly. “Who says I want to join Greater One Sect, everyone thinks too highly of themselves?”

But he had a different plan in his mind, so he didn’t say anything.

He continued listening to Peak Master Zeng, “This boy, both his body and cultivation technique is incredibly deep, which is rarely seen. He possesses dragon-like blood qi that is as deep as the sea, and he has cultivated his physical strength to this degree. This is extremely rare in the world, but... but he is not suitable to cultivate yuan qi martial arts at all, it is a pity.”

“Haha, it seems that senior brother Zeng is also aware of this.” The Magnificent Peak Master laughed.

“Yes, his aptitude is not bad, unfortunately his consciousness is badly damaged. With such a constitution, it is difficult to achieve the great Dao of formation yuan qi.” Zeng Mo breathed a slight sigh of regret. “This young man must have known the drawbacks of his own body, so he specialized in body technique. To be able to cultivate body technique to such a degree in a little domain, he must have an incomparable will. Unfortunately, our Greater One Sect cannot place our cultivation resources onto a doomed body. In my opinion, he cannot enter the Greater One Sect.”

Upon hearing this, Ye Qingyu felt gloomy.

These masters of the Greater One Sect really were amazing, that they could determine the main problem of his body at one glance, which was his incomplete consciousness, resulting in him unable to activate yuan qi.

But they seemed to have overlooked the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and the Bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart] within his body? Or were these two things so mysterious that these three were unable to detect them?

Ye Qingyu couldn’t help being wary.

As for whether he could join the Greater One Sect or not, he did not particularly care.

The stone stairs on the Lotus Platform.

“Senior Brother Zeng is right.” The Bright Moon Peak Master nodded with regret.

Magnificent Peak Master, as though had suddenly thought of something, added, “But this youngster had came to Lotus Flower Peak from a foreign domain, which indicates that he is fated with our Greater One Sect. Why don’t we take him in and let him stay in Lotus Flower Peak as an odd-job worker.”

“Well, senior brother Chen has always been kind-hearted, this is not a bad suggestion, after all, he has saved our Greater One Sect disciples.” Bright Moon Peak Master nodded. “This girl, which peak should she belong to?”

“Naturally the Clear Lotus Peak,” Magnificent Peak Master said. “Among the eight lotus flower peaks, only Clear Lotus Peak accepts female disciples.”

The voice fell.

Three beams of light flashed on the respective lotus seats, and the three disappeared.

Their words were like an Imperial decree of Greater One Sect.

No one could disobey the will of the masters of the eight peaks.

Unless it was the peak master of the Greater One Peak, that is the leader of the Greater One Sect.

So the matters of Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing had been decided just like so.

Once the three masters had left, the atmosphere within Heavenly Emperor Temple slowly changed.

More than 10 elders left without saying a word.

There were people looking up and down at Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing, as though they were some sort of rare creatures, and even nodded slightly to Yu Xiaoxing.

Of course, there were some that showed obvious hostility towards Yu Xiaoxing and Ye Qingyu, snorting coldly at them, as though letting these two people stay in Greater One Sect was dirtying the reputation of Greater One Sect.

In the twinkling of the eye, the crowd had left.

“Please follow me,” Han Qi said with a smile.

They left Heavenly Monarch Pavilion, coming to the square in front of the temple, where the atmosphere was much more relaxed, the sun was shining brightly, and the scenery was picturesque.

“Humph, cousin, what now?” Yu Xiaoxing said, pursing her lips. “They told cousin to be an odd-job worker, they really cannot recognize talent at all. I don’t care about joining the sect, how about we leave Greater One Sect together.”

The girl did not care about Han Qi’s presence and spoke directly to Ye Qingyu.

Han Qi smiled wryly.

Ye Qingyu smiled. “Not to worry, let’s stay here and observe first, you should go over to Clear Lotus Peak and improve your strength, until I find ways to remove the Demon Spider curse mark, then we can plan what to do next.”

Han Qi was laughing inwardly.

These two foreigners really were bold enough to have such thoughts.

But what Ye Qingyu said was the truth.

On this journey, having seen the strength of the Demon Spider Race’s round faced Prince and Black Five, as well as the cultivation of Han Qi and the other people, Ye Qingyu was greatly astounded. Given his present strength, if he was to face the hunters of the Demon Spider Race, he certainly would die, and even Han Qi, a Heaven Ascension expert, would have a lot of trouble.

This made Ye Qingyu believe that the civilized standard of the martial arts of Clear River Domain was far beyond that of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

As one of the leading figures of the martial arts of Clear River Domain, it was also a good place for learning martial arts, especially for Yu Xiaoxing. Since she had been accepted into the sect, then they might as well stay here for now.

As for himself...

Ye Qingyu of course had another plan.

Sooner or later he would have to leave Greater One Sect.

The reason was very simple. The atmosphere of this sect and Ye Qingyu’s aura was completely incompatible, and deep inside he had little good opinion of this sect.

But as he had said to Yu Xiaoxing, before leaving Greater One Sect, he must first get rid of the Demon Spider curse on his arm, or else the Demon Spider Race would constantly try to hunt him down. If he could restore the power of his consciousness, then that would be best.

It was only after they had stood waiting in front of the square of the temple for a full hour, that a green lotus leaf-like airship broke through the sea of clouds from a distance, slowly coming over, and landed in front of them.

An around 14 or 15 years old, beautiful and pure girl was slowly walking down from the airship, stopping in front of Yu Xiaoxing, and saying in a quiet voice, “You’re the new junior sister that joined Clear Lotus Peak? I am He Huimin, a sixth generation disciple of Clear Lotus Peak. I especially came to greet junior sister and take you to Clear Lotus Peak.”

This He Huimin looked pure and delicate, not tall, and looked gentle and weak. Before she had spoken, she was already blushing shyly. Her voice was soft and sweet, and she was evidently an introverted, shy little girl.

However, Ye Qingyu had acutely sensed that this girl’s strength was unexpectedly in the Bitter Sea stage. Her aura was profound and she was a skilled master.

The Greater One Sect was indeed extraordinary, even such a little girl possessed such astounding cultivation.

This made Ye Qingyu feel more and more that it was definitely a good choice for Yu Xiaoxing to stay in Greater One Sect.

“Senior sister He, you’re very beautiful,” Yu Xiaoxing said happily.

Having been training in the Snow Empire for a long time, her ability to determine a person’s personality had been perfected, with one look at He Huimin she knew what kind of person she was, and instantly narrowed the gap between them.

As expected, the girl of Clear Lotus Peak immediately blushed, and replied in a mosquito-like voice, “Junior sister Yu you... are more beautiful.”

Yu Xiaoxing chuckled.

She thought for a brief moment, then turned to Han Qi. “Elder Han, please take care of my cousin, Xiaoxing will certainly remember this and will repay you greatly if there’s a chance in the future.”

Han Qi smiled, “Don’t worry Miss Yu, Brother Ye had saved my disciple Lin Yi, I should repay him. I will certainly look after him.”

Ye Qingyu rubbed Yu Xiaoxing’s head, saying, “You, take good care of yourself, you don’t need to worry about me.”

Yu Xiaoxing was reluctant to part from him.

The young girl also knew that the current arrangement was the best choice, but suddenly, there was a feeling that the world was so boundless that everything could not be held in her hands.

At this time, on the lotus leaf airship suddenly came a very impatient, rude and cold laughter.

“What are you chattering on about. Quickly go on your way. Even if you enter into the Clear Lotus Peak, you are only going to have the fate of a servant, do you really think you’ve ascended in status?”

The voice was shrill, as though two pieces of rusty iron were scraping each other, which makes one frown right away.

It seemed that there was another girl on the lotus leaf airship.

The girl looked around 20 years old, had a chubby figure and ugly appearance, but was wearing bright, fluttering clothing. Her face was pasted with a yellow flower, her hair was rolled up in a high bun, and she wore a flower behind her ear. She had very thoughtfully dressed herself.

The fat girl was clearly not easy to get along with.

Startled, He Huimin hurriedly urged, “Zhou... Senior sister Zhou is waiting, hurry she... is angry... we must leave quickly.”

When she was in a hurry, she spoke with a lot of pauses and seemed very afraid of this senior sister Zhou.

Finally, Yu Xiaoxing left the square before the temple on the lotus leaf airship.

Han Qi led Ye Qingyu away from Lotus Flower Peak.

Lotus Flower Peak was 10,000 meters high, towering into a sea of clouds.

Below the mountain were very beautiful foothills and grasslands. The scenery was extremely beautiful, there were abundant grass, lush green trees, surrounding rivers, tall grass, and various birds flying about. An ancient building was situated within the natural landscape, and although it was without a magical aura like Lotus Flower Peak, it was like a paradise, quiet and stunning.

“This is the place where the odd-job workers of Greater One Sect stay. Brother Ye, you will be living here for now."

Han Qi brought Ye Qingyu over to a staff in charge of managing the odd-job workers, explained a few words, took the identity plate and clothing, brought him to his residence, and left.

“Don’t be impatient, maybe you'll have a chance to get to join the sect in the future. The career of odd-job worker is also a test,” Han Qi stated.

When he left, Ye Qingyu lied inside the stone house, taking a good rest, before putting on the worker’s clothes and went for a walk along the brook.

This was considered as temporary settling down.

Although he was only situated at the foothills of Lotus Flower Peak, the Demon Spider Race would absolutely not come here, which meant Ye Qingyu was safe for now.

He strolled along the brook.

The stream babbled over the rocks, the sun was shining brightly, the clouds were wisps of cotton and the boundless sky was the perfect blue.

There was rarely such good weather in Snow Empire. For a moment, Ye Qingyu’s mood was very good.

Ye Qingyu simply did not think about anything, emptying his mind.

It had been a long time since he was this relaxed.

As he continued walking along, there were gusts of wild laughter in front.

Ye Qingyu lifted his head up and looked ahead where there was a wide water surface. It was a crystal clear pool that had formed from the converging of more than 10 little streams. The flow of water was calm and soothing.

On the shore of the pool there were some bright, colorful dresses, and five or six young girls were bathing in the pool, splashing and laughing.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 499:


Chapter 519, A botched trap.

“Eh? Damn!”

Ye Qingyu was startled.

Ever since his consciousness was incomplete, and his yuan qi was limited, his ability to perceive had worsened. While he was walking along the brook deep in thought, he had unexpectedly came to this location.

At his age, he usually was vigorous and hot-blooded, and seeing such a scene, he inevitably would take another look, but now he was in Clear River Domain, where he must be cautious with everything, so Ye Qingyu immediately turned around to leave.

But——

“Where is that thief from, to dare peep at the sisters bathing?”

A voice had already eagerly shouted from behind.

This voice immediately was like sprinkling a handful of salt into a pot of hot oil, The girls who were playing in the pool, like hens who had their eggs stolen, started screeching out sharply.

“Somebody.”

“Where are you going, you perverted thief.”

There were all kinds of shouts and screams.

At this moment the changes were a bit strange. In the surroundings that were originally extremely quiet and only the sound of running water was heard, suddenly there were several figures appearing. One after another, they popped up, and even the girls that were playing in the pool, almost at the fastest speed, put on clothes and ran over.

Ye Qingyu was surrounded in the middle of these people.

The dozens of figures, vicious and fierce-looking, were led by two people that Ye Qingyu unexpectedly knew. It was two of the three that were together with Han Qi the other day. If Ye Qingyu remembered correctly, their names were Xiao Yunlong and Zuo Li.

“That day, I already knew this kid was not a good person. Who would have known that he is so lustful, and dared to peep at the sisters of Clear Lotus Peak bathing on his first day here. He really is detestable.”

Xiao Yunlong stared at Ye Qingyu, saying mockingly.

“Oh, senior brother Xiao knows this perverted thief?” someone asked.

“He’s just a lower domain thief, a toad that wants to eat swan meat. He tried to join our Greater One Sect, but because his aptitude was too bad, he only became an odd-job worker disciple.”

“Why are you talking with this perverted thief? He dares to peep at our sister bathing. He really is utterly shameful, just first gouge out his eyes,” a young woman with dripping wet hair and wrapped in a muslin dress said ruthlessly.

In the middle of the crowd.

After the initial fright, Ye Qingyu had completely calmed down.

This was really interesting.

What a coincidence that these people were all suddenly showing up.

He had only unintentionally glanced at this from afar, and as soon as he realized something was wrong he immediately turned to leave, but he was still surrounded by dozens of people that appeared out of nowhere.

There was no doubt that this was a trap.

An extremely botched and lowly trap.

But the problem was that he had only been in Greater One Sect for one day, yet someone was so eager to use this method to frame him... This made Ye Qingyu very surprised, they should have waited and observed for another few days first.

Does he really have an annoying face that made people want to beat him up?

While not knowing whether to laugh or cry, Ye Qingyu calmly swept his eyes over the figures that had gathered. In addition to Xiao Yunlong and Zuo Li, he also saw two familiar figures in the crowd.

One of them was the triangular faced disciple that Ye Qingyu had slapped in the main Imperial guard tent in Heaven Wasteland Domain because of his arrogance, and the other was the disciple that Ye Qingyu had sent flying because he was snatching the Demon Wind-Winged Wolf’s Endowment Bone Demon Source.

These two people, like Lin Yi, were part of the eight Greater One Sect disciples that survived because of the protection of Ye Qingyu.

And they were also the ones that witnessed Ye Qingyu gaining countless rare treasures in the heavenly gate training grounds.

Looking at the greedy glint in the eyes of these people, and then at the same expression within Xiao Yunlong and Zuo Li’s eyes, Ye Qingyu immediately understood the purpose of these people.

This really was an innocent man getting into trouble because of his wealth.

These guys were trying to rob me of those rare treasures?

Ye Qingyu didn’t think that the discipline of Greater One Sect would be this poor, that Xiao Yunlong and the others would so impatiently jump and snatch at his treasures through trickery.

“What are you looking at, you perverted thief, you really are daring. In a moment we will definitely gouge out your eyes.” A female disciple wrapped in a red dress, seeing that Ye Qingyu was not at all flustered and was instead calmly observing the crowd, was suddenly furious, yelling with her large round eyes wide open.

Ye Qingyu smiled upon hearing this, widening his eyes and deliberately moving forward, “Well, come over, come over to gouge out my eyes.”

“You...” The female disciple fumed, spreading open her fair hand and a delicate sharp-edged dagger emerged in her palm. She aimed it straight at Ye Qingyu’s eyes.

Xiao Yunlong’s expression changed.

He was about to stop it, but when he gave it a thought, even if blinded it would not affect him when he questioned him about the whereabouts of the treasures. He coldly grinned and did not stop her actions.

But Ye Qingyu did not dodge or flinch, and instead turned to face the direction of the dagger.

Everyone was dumbstruck when they saw this scene.

Some people thought that perhaps this was because this lower domain barbarian was scared stiff?

The next moment——

Ding!

In the midst of the sound of metal striking, the female disciple in red dress cried out in shock. She was grasping her wrist as she was sent flying away, while what remained of the dagger in her hand was only the hilt.

“You...”

She was horrified.

Ye Qingyu smiled and winked, “Look, I kindly reminded you, you can’t gouge out my eyes, but you did not believe me and destroyed a top treasure weapon. Do you believe me now?”

The people around were also dumbfounded.

In addition to Xiao Yunlong and Zuo Li, the two that have seen Ye Qingyu’s powerful physical strength, others were all inhaling cold air. The dagger was a treasure weapon yet was smashed into pieces by the lower domain barbarian’s eyes.

“Outrageous, he peeped at female disciples bathing and dared injure people. He really is lawless. Everybody attack him, kill him.”

“Exactly, he’s just an odd-job disciple, kill him.”

Zuo Li gave a signal.

Clang.

There were sounds of weapons being unsheathed, with yuan qi crazily surging. It fully surrounded Ye Qingyu, emitting killing intent. These people were evidently attempting to kill Ye Qingyu.

Xiao Yunlong also coldly sneered, “A thing that doesn’t fear death. Since you’re in such a situation, even if you’re a dragon, you can only coil up… in a while, we’ll first chop off your hands and legs, then slowly take care of you. With the interrogation techniques of the Greater One Sect, even a Fiendgod will be crying and begging for mercy...”

Swoosh swoosh swoosh!

The crowd attacked.

Countless light swords and blades ruthlessly slashed at the body of Ye Qingyu.

“Sigh, another piece of clothing.”

Watching them slash his clothes to shreds, Ye Qingyu let out a sigh. Without the protection of yuan qi, in every fight, his clothes were first torn to pieces. If this goes on, he most likely would be treated as a crazy naked demon?

Ye Qingyu with a grumpy sigh held out his hand.

A Dao sword that was thrusting over was effortlessly held in his hand, like he was catching a little chick. It was unable to injure his palm in the slightest.

The sword trembled instinctively, trying to break free.

But it was no match against Ye Qingyu’s invincible physical force. Ye Qingyu gently exerted power into his fingers, and the sword body instantly cracked and shattered. Then together with its owner, was swung up by Ye Qingyu.

Chi!Chi!

The sword and the person was used as a weapon, after swinging them round two laps, they were flung into the crowd. Several Greater One Sect disciples, like wooden statues, were sent hurtling into the air.

Had the other people ever seen such a way of fighting?

“You’ve ruined my clothes. You will pay for it.” Once Ye Qingyu had launched an attack, he showed no hesitation, taking large strides towards them while laughing.

He was like a tiger among a flock of sheep, paying no attention to the blades that were slashing at him, and directly charged over, throwing a series of punches and kicks, until the Greater One Sect disciples were weeping for their Mothers and Fathers.

“Monster!”  someone whose nose was bleeding screamed miserably.

“No way, this boy... why is he so hard. “ Someone’s nose was crooked.

Whether it was Heaven Wasteland Domain or Clear River Domain, and even the vast majority of domains of the entire universe, they saw formation yuan qi as the mainstream martial arts. They had rarely witnessed such a level of physical strength. These Greater One Sect disciples also had never seen this kind of fighting method.

Ye Qingyu’s carved jade-like body that was impervious to sword and spear was utterly astounding to them.

In less than 10 seconds, besides Xiao Yunlong, Zuo Li and the female disciples, the others were struck to the ground with the most primitive method of punching and kicking.

“Bastards, you return kindness with ingratitude. You brought people here to lay a trap for me.” Ye Qingyu stomped on the triangular-faced disciple’s face, relentlessly kicking him, “Back at heavenly gate training grounds, you were like a dog begging for my protection... such ungrateful people.”

“Ah, have mercy...” The triangular-faced disciple’s face was being trampled on. “I was wrong, have mercy...”

“Have mercy? I’ll stomp you to death.” Ye Qingyu showed no mercy, stamping his foot repeatedly on them, one after another, until the triangular-faced disciple’s head was buried into the ground.

The other Greater One Sect disciples, upon seeing this, were crawling away like dogs, but when Ye Qingyu saw them he again trampled them into the soil.

“Back then you also tried to snatch my Endowment Bone Demon Source, now you’re ganging up with other people to snatch my things.” While trampling on his body, Ye Qingyu ruthlessly jumped up and he lost consciousness.

“And you two are also worthless trash, I only came to Greater One Sect for less than one day, yet you tried to plan a trap for me. All of you tried to pose as a person of high morals.” Ye Qingyu took huge strides towards the two.

Xiao Yunlong and Zuo Li at this time were also badly beaten, with their faces bruised and swollen.

They were aghast with shock and disbelief.

When they heard from the surviving disciples that the lower domain barbarian's physical body cultivation was very terrifying, they did not actually take it to heart, and only thought that those guys were talking nonsense in order to claim the credit, but now it seems...

What just happened?

It was almost like hooligans fighting in the street.

But this brawl-like fighting method had battered the Greater One Sect disciples who were at the Bitter Sea stage to the point where their nose crooked and their face was swollen, and had no power to fight back.

This was really something completely unbelievable.

“Little odd-job worker, don’t think that I really have no way to deal with you,” Xiao Yunlong said fiercely, wiping his nose blood.

In order to be the first to snatch the treasures off from Ye Qingyu, he and Zuo Li together had asked the female disciples of Clear Lotus Peak that were always fawning over them to plan this trap with them.

In his view, although this trap was a bit clumsy, but to deal with a lower domain barbarian, it should be enough. He did not expect that...

Did not expect that this barbarian’s body technique was so incredibly terrifying.

Opposite.

“If you have a way then hurry use it, or I’ll just hit you until even your mother won’t recognize you...” Ye Qingyu was also ruthless.

He was now without the slightest scruple, an ominous glint flickering in his eyes as he was ready to finish off these trash, and then immediately leave Greater One Sect.

The matters today made him realize that his thoughts before were wrong.

There was no doubt that by staying in Greater One Sect he could avoid the Demon Spider Race, but in Greater One Sect there were far too many people like Xiao Yunlong. Such ungrateful people would never leave him alone. If he stayed in Greater One Sect, his situation would be equally as dangerous.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 500:


Chapter 520, Dumbfounded face

“Little bastard, just you wait...” Xiao Yunlong was so furious that he almost crushed his teeth. There was a ruthless look on his face as though he wanted to eat the flesh and blood of Ye Qingyu. He had a sinister smile as he said, “Junior brother Zuo, watch this little bastard for me, I’ll go bring the divine weapon!”

As Xiao Yunlong was speaking, he gritted his teeth and shot up into the sky.

“Little bastard, I dare you to wait, do not run away.”  He pointed to Ye Qingyu from afar, seemingly worried that Ye Qingyu would run off.

“Run? What kind of person do you think I am? I would run away? I will stay right here waiting for you, while you bring that bullshit divine weapon, you think I would be afraid of you?” Ye Qingyu stood with hands on hips, laughing, a look of disdain on his face and was not afraid in the slightest.

“Good, you have guts.... ” Xiao Yunlong’s voice, like rolling thunder, sounded from the high altitude, then casually reminded again, “Junior brother Zuo, watch this little bastard.”

His figure vanished into the sky.

On the ground, besides a tensed Zuo Li, there were a few soaking wet Clear Lotus Peak disciples that were staring dumbfounded at him, and a group of whining henchmen that were all struck down to the ground with their nose broken.

“Hey, boy, it’s going to be bad for you when senior brother Xiao comes back...” Zuo Li cackled sinisterly, “With the divine weapon, even your steel-like body will turn to minced flesh.”

Ye Qingyu shrugged his shoulders...

“Huh?” He suddenly pointed to the sky, “That guy with the surname Xiao is back so soon?”

Surprised, Zuo Li turned his head round. “How could it be?”

He knew that senior brother Xiao, as one the key disciples of the sect, did possess a replica of the [Greater One Dispersing Light Sword].

The genuine sword was a sacred divine weapon of the sect, containing infinite power, and was well known across the whole Clear River Domain. Therefore even the replica was considered a divine weapon, and contained boundless power.

Senior brother Xiao was extremely appreciated after receiving the [Greater One Dispersing Light Sword]. He normally stored it in his own residence in the Heavenly Pavilion Peak with respect, and used the Spirit qi of the sects to nourish it. If he wanted to use it normally, it would at least take half an incense stick of time. Why had he came back so quickly?

So Zuo Li subconsciously looked back.

But at this time, Ye Qingyu’s face suddenly revealed a cunning colour.

A terrifying force erupted. Ye Qingyu moved, taking a step forward without the slightest warning, crossing over dozens of meters of distance, and instantly was right in front of Zuo Li, mercilessly throwing out a punch.

Bang!

A punch was firmly struck at Zuo Li’s stomach.

“Argh... you...” Zuo Li stooped down like a shrimp, clutching his stomach.

He absolutely would have never thought that this lower domain barbarian would be this despicable, to silently mount a sneak attack. This fist rumbled solidly, and immediately it felt like a volcano had erupted inside his stomach, snot and tears all uncontrollably came pouring out.

Zuo Li curled up in pain, and after some retching noises, vomited everything that he had just eaten.

“Hey? Such a big person is crying?” Ye Qingyu grinned, smacking the back of Zuo Li’s head and knocking him to ground, while saying disdainfully, “As a key disciple of the Greater One Sect, you are weeping endlessly like a woman. You really are weird.”

“You... nonsense... shameless, you...” Zuo Li was infuriated.

He also did not want to shed tears or have a runny nose.

It was only that his body was out of control.

This lower domain barbarian was too cunning.

Not only did he attack him from behind, he had tricked him.

The few Clear Lotus Peak disciples completely did not expect this to happen, they all stood utterly dumbfounded, like deer that had been scared stiff, shivering and not knowing what to do.

They were just ordinary disciples of Clear Lotus Peak, and based on seniority they were one generation lower than Xiao Yunlong and Zuo Li. Usually they would play up to those of power and influence, so were very close with Zuo Li and Xiao Yunlong.

When had they every seen Zuo Li being beaten so badly?

This barbarian really was too...

The girls were all stunned.

“Bastard, you tried to frame me, but do not allow me to trick you... I’ll trample you, trample you into the ground...” Ye Qingyu repeatedly stomped on Zuo Li’s face.

Zuo Li’s face, like the disciple before, was deeply buried into the soil.

“You...” Zuo Li was going berserk.

He possessed Heaven Ascension yuan qi, but because of that fist, his dantian was beaten into a state of sharp pain and confusion, and unable to activate it, he could only continuously suffer a beating.

“Me? What?” Ye Qingyu stamped on him again.

“A scholar prefers death to humiliation, you...” Zuo Li frantically struggled.



“What kind of a scholar are you? A sneaky villain that wants to snatch my treasures and planned a trap to frame me... Now you know what is meant by stealing a chicken only to end up losing the rice used to lure it.”

Ye Qingyu relentlessly punched him.

Zuo Li, with many of his bones broken, was miserably screaming like a pig being slaughtered, and finally even his legs were broken by Ye Qingyu.

“Ahhh, stop, hurry stop it, it’s not my idea, it was senior brother Xiao, it has nothing to do with me...” Zuo Li was finally scared.

He sensed that the lower domain barbarian had no regard for the law, and that his strength was so great that he might actually kill him.

“Oh, scared now? Then beg me.” Ye Qingyu then snapped Zuo Li’s arms.

To his enemy, he did not need to be polite. He could imagine that, if he had fallen in their hands, his ending would absolutely be a thousand times more tragic in comparison.

Moreover, for a Heaven Ascension expert, such an injury was not even considered a wound. As long as his yuan qi recovers, he could easily restore his arms in an instant.

It was just a mental humiliation.

He’ll first collect a little interest.

“You... barbarian... you humiliated me like this... I will definitely retaliate... Ah ah ah, I’m so angry...” Zuo Li struggled to lift his head out of the soil, in fury and pain, spat out a mouthful of dark blood and then lost consciousness.”

Finally, it was peaceful.

“Eh? It’s over just like that? You’re not pretending to be dead, are you?”

Although he had made up his mind to leave Greater One Sect, he could not really kill these Greater One Sect disciples, otherwise Yu Xiaoxing who was temporarily staying in Clear Lotus Peak would be implicated, since they both came from Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Ye Qingyu smiled, dusting the mud off his body.

He thought of something, turned around to face those Clear Lotus Peak female disciples that had no combat experience, and then gave a mischievous laughter, slowly stepping towards them.

“You... what are you doing?”

“Don’t come over here, you pervert...”

The female disciples were so frightened that their faces kept growing paler, stepping back repeatedly and even forgot to run away.

“Pervert? Haha, this is what you said... then let’s show you a pervert.” Ye Qingyu deliberately grinned, tearing off the shreds of clothing covering his body.

A perfect and sturdy chest was completely revealed.

“Ahhhh...” A female disciple screamed out and fainted in fright.

The other female disciples’ legs went weak, covering their eyes, screaming wildly.

“Hahaha... A bunch of cowards. Don’t worry, I have no interest in you, because I accidentally saw you bathing, although you deliberately framed me, but I don’t like owing other people, haha, I accidentally looked at your body, and now you have seen my body, we are even, hahaha...”

Ye Qingyu burst into loud laughter with his mischief succeeding.

He turned around and stripped off a complete and clean robe from one of the Greater One Sect disciples that had fainted, casually changed, and then dashed away in large strides.

Look at this posture, he was clearly running away.

By the time the female disciples had gotten back their composure, Ye Qingyu had disappeared completely without a trace, and no one knew where he had gone.

The female disciples stared at one another, a dumbfounded look on each of them.

“He... got away?”

“It seems he has escaped.”

“I remember... before didn't he put both hands on his hips and vowed that he was not afraid and would wait for Shishu Xiao to bring the divine weapon back? Did I hear him wrong?”

“This lower domain barbarian is too cunning.”

“That... pervert deserves to die.”

“But then, his chest was really sturdy, like a work of art, I wonder how it feels?”

“You’re in heat.”

The female disciples that had returned from the shock did not know what to say.

This lower domain barbarian had completely broken their world view.

In this world there was such a person?

Swoosh!

A beam of brilliance came from the horizon and landed on the ground.

It was Xiao Yunlong that had returned.

He was clad in a soft, silver armour, sparkling brightly, like a deity, and a silver glistening light sword that must not be stared at up close in his hand, which was surging with an incomparable strength and exhibiting an extremely imposing manner.

“What about that little bastard? Where is he?”

Xiao Yunlong roared.

A female disciple mumbled, “He got... got away....”

“Got away? Where did he go?” Xiao Yunlong fumed.

“No... I didn’t see clearly...” The female disciples all bowed their heads and dared not look at him.

Xiao Yunlong’s figure flashed, and almost gushed out a mouthful of old blood.

“Humph, flee? Then let’s see where a little bastard can run off to at the territory of my Greater One Sect. Haha, perfect, an odd-job worker dares run away from the sect, it is a huge offense, this gives me the excuse to directly kill you when I find you...”

He laughed sinisterly, a ruthless glint in his eyes.

Swoosh.

Wielding a divine sword, Xiao Yunlong turned into a light beam of sword qi, hunting Ye Qingyu down.

……

……

Ye Qingyu, like a large monkey, was jumping and fleeing among the giant trees of the mountains.

Because of the sudden incident, he did not have a good plan, and could only run away at the fastest, then find a hidden place to remain for a while.

“Xing’er has joined the sect, and is a Greater One Sect disciple. She should be safe for now. Xiao Yunlong and those guys, are not part of Clear Lotus Peak, and shouldn’t dare go to Clear Lotus Peak and cause trouble...”

“Moreover, given Xing’er’s aptitude and intelligence, it shouldn’t be a huge problem for her to deal with this situation... En, but I still have to find a chance to go back to Greater One Sect and talk to her.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

