Chapter 1201:


Chapter 1216, Blood disintegrate

“Are you begging me?” The Celestial Phoenix Maiden sneered.

Song Xiaojun couldn’t move her body, but still seriously nodded, saying, “Yes, I beg you, don't kill me now.”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden went silent for a moment, before she opened her mouth again, “Do you know that, Ye Qingyu never bows to the enemy, even more would never beg the enemy for mercy to live. He had fought his entire life and had been in danger countless times, but had never begged for mercy. You are his lover, why are you like this.”

In that tone of voice, there was indisputable hatred.

“You love him too, don't you?” Song Xiaojun suddenly spoke, changing the topic abruptly.

At this moment, she could clearly feel that the fire palm around her neck was suddenly tightening again, and that the scorching flame seemed to be swallowing her head, but she did not struggle as before, as though she had already accepted her fate.

“But he's in love with you.”  There was a loneliness in the voice of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

“Then it seems my guess is correct.” The corners of Song Xiaojun's mouth curved in a faint smiling expression. “Yes, what woman wouldn't like a man like Brother Qingyu. Even the high and mighty heaven's prideling, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, will also fall in love with him... Since you like him, then don't kill me. I can give him to you.”

“Shut up.” The Celestial Phoenix Maiden's voice grew furious all of a sudden. “Do not use the means of your Unmoving City of Darkness to sway my mind. If I want to get his interest, I will fight for it myself. I don’t need your help. A woman like you really doesn’t deserve him... Wouldn't it be more painful to love the wrong person? If I killed you, it would also be a great relief to him.”

With that, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden began to gather power to her fingers.

The flames of the True Phoenix poured into Song Xiaojun's body, and pain that was similar to being hacked to pieces instantly spread all over Song Xiaojun's body.

But she did not struggle in the slightest, and the expression on her face did not show the slightest pain.

Instead, there was a hint of a smile on her beautiful, flawless face.

“You love him very much, don't you? If you love him, then you shouldn't kill me.” A very calm smile spread across Song Xiaojun's face. That smile contained many emotions, sadness, relief, worry, which all in the blink of an eye vanished, turning into a peaceful calmness.

In spite of the sharp pain burning her body, she ignored the flame that was choking her neck and abruptly turned around. There was a sacred resoluteness on her flawless face as she quietly looked at the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

The moment she saw the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's face, Song Xiaojun's breath was taken away. She is indeed a woman of matchless beauty. A woman like her is also worthy of Brother Qingyu.

She then stared into the eyes of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, her voice soothing but firm as she said, “Brother Qingyu is facing an unprecedented crisis. He is already injured, if I die in front of him, his mind will certainly fall into disorder. He will no doubt lose this battle, and then be killed. Do you want to watch the person you love die in front of you? I think the reason you were able to get out of the puppet curse seal so quickly and regain your consciousness is not just because of the harvest you got from the Emperor battle. You broke the shackles because you love him, you wanted to help him, isn't that right?”

All of a sudden there was an irritable feeling in the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's heart.

For some reason, looking at this delicate woman who looked like she came out of a painting, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's determination to kill was fluttering indefinitely. This woman is the one he loves. If I kill her, he will be very heartbroken, and will also hate me from then on, right?

A hint of bitterness flashed in the Celestial Phoenix Maiden’s eyes.

Song Xiaojun smiled, “My life is now in your hands, it makes no difference whether you kill me now or later. When Brother Qingyu finishes his battle, as long as you don't let him see the scene of my death, you can kill me anytime. If you don't believe me, then plant the Phoenix Nirvana Flame in my body, I won’t fight back.”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden was taken aback.

It turns out that the reason she begged her not to kill her was not because she was afraid of death, but she did not want Ye Qingyu to see her die. The Celestial Phoenix Maiden must admit that, given Ye Qingyu's feelings towards Song Xiaojun, if he sees Song Xiaojun killed, he would certainly panic and lose the Emperor battle.

It turns out that this was her worry.

For Ye Qingyu, she not only did not care about her life, but also did not care about her dignity and honour as the Emperor of Darkness. She was willing to give up everything and beg an enemy for mercy... It turned out she loved him this deeply.

“If Brother Qingyu does not see me die in your hands, then without me, Brother Qingyu will certainly choose you instead.” Song Xiaojun spoke again, “Isn't this a choice that satisfies both sides?”

Staring at the woman in front, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's gaze was unconsciously wavering. She appeared to be caught in a long period of hesitation and entanglement, a look of struggle and pain surfacing on her face.

Song Xiaojun did not speak, nor did she take the opportunity to fight back.

She waited quietly for the Celestial Phoenix Maiden’s final answer in an undefended manner.

It was unknown how long it was before the Celestial Phoenix Maiden came out of her trance.

She was startled, aware of her carelessness, and then looked at Song Xiaojun again, frowning, “It was a good opportunity for you, why not take the opportunity to try to resist, perhaps...”

“I'm worried that if a battle broke out here, it's going to distract Brother Qingyu.” Song Xiaojun smiled. “At this time, I don’t want Brother Qingyu to take risk.”

“But have you ever thought that, even if he is not distracted, he is no match for the Sky Emperor. He can't win this Emperor battle?”

Song Xiaojun slightly lifted her head, eyes smiled like crescent moons, and spoke in a tone full of confidence, “No, you are wrong, Brother Qingyu will win, I believe in him, no matter what kind of desperate situation he's in, he will never let the people who love him down.”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden was taken aback again.

The girl's confident smile was like the most beautiful light in the world, dazzling her like she was in direct sunlight.

So, she seemed to have finally made her decision and nodded firmly.

“Fine, I promise you, I won't kill you now, but I have a requirement. You have to scatter all your yuan energy of darkness, become an ordinary person, let go of all resistance and let me plant the Phoenix Nirvana Flame in your body. Only then will I fully believe you. If you make the slightest movement, the Nirvana Flame will erupt and instantly incinerate your body and soul.”

Speaking of this, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's expression turned resolute, asking in an unquestionable tone, “Do you dare to say yes?”

Song Xiaojun almost did not think, “Yes.”

She did not even have the intention to bargain, spread her hands out slightly, and the power of the darkness bloodline in her body began to dissipate as quickly as a receding tide.

As the darkness bloodline gradually vanished, the aura of Song Xiaojun also reduced as a result.

The power of this bloodline had brought Song Xiaojun near the peak of martial arts, but also gave her hope to set foot onto the realm of the true Martial Emperor in the near future. But it was also the power of this bloodline that once made her forget the most important person in her life. At the same time of becoming the high and mighty Emperor of Darkness she also had to shoulder the fate of countless people. She had no choice but to struggle in worldly affairs. Even as the Emperor of Darkness, she was also impacted by this turbid world.

There had been countless times, in the dead of night, sitting high above on the cold, dark throne alone, overlooking the towering one hundred fifty million kilometers of the great wall, overlooking the Dark Realm east of the great wall, overlooking the chaotic area west of the great wall, Song Xiaojun had asked again and again whether it was because of the outbreak of the power of her bloodline that led Ye Qingyu to choose to leave White Deer Academy and go to Youyan Pass, a bitter and cold place, to improve himself, which then led to a series of other things?

If the power of the dark bloodline had been dormant in her body all along, then would Ye Qingyu quietly stay in White Deer Academy to complete his studies and perhaps become a great hero of the Snow Empire. He would not have to bear so much pain and suffering, and would not have to take on so much responsibility?

If the power of the dark bloodline did not break out, then would she continue to stay at White Deer Academy and continue to be the dazed little girl who always followed Brother Qingyu? Would she have continued to practice martial arts and wait until the time is right to confess to Brother Qingyu, and become a well-behaved little wife?

Song Xiaojun was willing to pay any price if she could remove the power of the darkness bloodline in her body.

If time can be turned back, she really wanted time to return to the sunny morning in White Deer Academy, back to the early morning when she met Brother Qingyu. Then she would certainly watch the heroic-looking young man from afar, and then calm her pounding heart to go up to say hello...

If...

If time can be fixed at that moment, how good would that be?

Unfortunately, everything cannot turn back.

My Brother Qingyu, let me do one last thing for you. To be able to see you in the last moment of life, to be able to hold your warm hand is already a dream come true.

The power of darkness dissipated like a tide.

She had evaporated the blood from every blood vessel in her body.

Although her body was already controlled by the power of True Phoenix's flame, she was still able to do this since the power of darkness came from the bloodline. The evaporation of blood would also lead to her power fading away naturally.

Song Xiaojun's complexion slowly grew pale.

As the blood flowed away, her face grew paler.

This evaporation of blood was completely different from the draining of blood of an ordinary person. For a martial artist——especially a bloodline martial artist like Song Xiaojun, it was simply the most brutal and terrifying torture in the world.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden stared at Song Xiaojun, eyes calm and indifferent.

From the beginning to the end, she was like an indifferent bystander, watching the high and mighty Emperor of Darkness fall from the clouds. It was as if one of the most beautiful flowers on the tallest branch in the sky had been blown by the merciless cold wind, its petals scattered and eventually fell into the dust.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1202:


Chapter 1217, Can I also call you Brother Qingyu?

In approximately less than the time to have a cup of tea, the blood in Song Xiaojun's body had been drained away completely. Fortunately, she was at the peak of the ninth step Quasi-emperor realm. Thus, even if the blood had disintegrated to light, her life would not be in any danger for a period of time. However, the power of darkness had already begun to disperse.

The pale-faced girl still wore a smile on her face, without the slightest hint of regret.

She was standing in the glow of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], like a little white flower trembling in the wind, weak and helpless, but with pride and stubbornness.

“Now, you can plant the [True Nirvana Flame].” Song Xiaojun nervously looked at the Celestial Phoenix Maiden with a fear that the latter would take back her words. “I have listened to everything you said, I only ask you to not kill me now.”

“Fine.”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden nodded.

She lifted her hand, sending a scorching True Fire penetrating into Song Xiaojun's body, flowing along all the channels, eight veins and each blood vessel in her body. It was only when she checked again in the most cautious manner to confirm that Song Xiaojun did not have any little tricks that she nodded and said, “Well, as long as you keep to your promise...”

That True Fire soon entered the dantian world of Song Xiaojun, which had already begun to wither, and was undergoing the nine changes. In the heart of the dantian world, it turned into a beautiful red flame flower, incomparably bright, containing astonishing energy. And at the same time, each petal was still and motionless, as if frozen. It was extremely strange.

This was the [True Nirvana Flame].

This strange but beautiful flower, if it begins to flash and jump, would signify that its power was triggered and that Song Xiaojun wold be burned into a cloud of ashes in an instant. Given her present strength, there was no way she could withstand at all.

Having done all this, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden couldn’t help asking, “Regret it?”

“Regret...” Song Xiaojun smiled with indescribable reluctance and unwillingness. She turned to look into the distance, where the ongoing battle was. Then as if answering the Celestial Phoenix Maiden’s question, but also talking to herself she said, “I regret that I did not decided to abandon everything earlier to accompany him. I regret that I never had the courage to abandon everything to follow him. I regret that I have ignored him all these years because of the Unmoving City of Darkness... There are too many things I regret. What I did today is the only thing that I don’t regret at all. I really should have made a decision earlier. Unfortunately, people only cherish what they have at the most desperate and lost times.”

Her beautiful eyes were full of love and affection for Ye Qingyu.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden kept silent.

Rumble!

From the battlefield in the distance, there was the most terrifying explosion, frightening laws and Dao sounds frantically spread out from the center of the battlefield. The turbulent flow of the Emperor power had disturbed the law of order, giving rise to the chaotic ashes of destruction that like dark smoke, enveloped the battlefield.

This moment, the two women felt their heart tightening.

Had the outcome of the battle been decided?

Time froze for a short period.

Then within the chaos of ashes, a huge human figure was seen stumbling back, blood had dyed his huge body red, and there was a visible huge scar between his waist and abdomen. His hair was similarly blood-stained, beads of blood trickling down the ends...

“Hahaha, don't you think it's very unfair?”

The six-winged golden Hou flew out from the ashes of chaos, his body badly mangled, and four of the six wings were already lost. His set of fangs had also all shattered, but still as though he planned to take Ye Qingyu down with him, he crazily charged over.

The Sky Emperor was only borrowing the body of Sovereign Skyreach to kill Ye Qingyu. Therefore, from the beginning he had already planned to end in mutual destruction. As to whether Sovereign Skyreach's body would remain after the end of the battle was something he did not need to consider. On the other hand, each time Ye Qingyu’s original form was damaged, it was an unbearable injury to him.

Exchanging injury for injury was the Sky Emperor's plan.

Ye Qingyu did not speak, clasped the long sword in his hand, and returned to fight again.

But anyone could tell that his situation was very bad.

“Everything about you is within my calculation. Your struggle is futile. Today, you and the Emperor of Darkness will die together. I’ll let you two live the same fate, go together to the underworld.” The tone of the Sky Emperor was cold and venomous. There was no majesty and dignity of a Martial Emperor. Instead, he resembled a poisonous snake.

Ye Qingyu remained silent.

He waved his sword, even knowing that the other side planned to take him down with him, he would not take a step back, because behind him was the [Cloud Top Cauldron], and below the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was the most important person in his life.

Throughout the battle, the feeling that this so-called Sky Emperor gave Ye Qingyu was like a madman, an abnormal madman. His mind seemed to be incomplete. Ye Qingyu was really surprised that a person like him could become an Emperor.

The bitter battle resumed.

Emperor blood had dyed the starry sky red.

It was the first time that Ye Qingyu's injury was so serious that he began to stumble when he walked.

After a while, Ye Qingyu's arm was slashed off. Although he also severed the feet of the six-winged golden Hou, it was of no use. Ye Qingyu had attempted to use the power of consciousness to kill the consciousness of the Sky Emperor hidden in the six-winged golden Hou. But very strangely, wherever part of the body he slashed off, the six-winged golden Hou’s corpse was empty. There was no divine spiritual power in it, and it was not known how the Sky Emperor controls the corpse.

This made it impossible for Ye Qingyu to beat his opponent from the consciousness aspect.

The only thing he could do now was to completely sever the body of the six-winged golden Hou, forcing the Sky Emperor to appear again.

Ye Qingyu could already tell that this was not the Sky Emperor's real body. Previously, he only used the ghost-faced grey-copper ball as a carrier, and this time he chose to use the Emperor body of Sovereign Skyreach as a carrier. These were all foreign objects, so it was very likely that if there were no foreign objects for him to hold onto, the Sky Emperor's power would disappear completely.

But it was hard to destroy the Emperor body of Sovereign Skyreach.

The power of the six-winged golden Hou that had been strengthened tremendously by the strange blue colour. Not even the [Blood Drinker Sword] could destroy it.

The battle continued.

Ye Qingyu was constantly wounded.

Under the [Cloud Top Cauldron], Song Xiaojun stood quietly. Her body was unprecedentedly weak, exhausted and in severe pain. Her expression was peaceful and her hands were put together in front of her chest, sincerely praying with her eyes closed. Shrouded in the golden light of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], she looked like a goddess saving the living creatures from suffering.

And behind her, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden fixedly looked at the distant battlefield.

Her eyes were fluttering, as if recalling some of the good memories of the past.

Then on that beautiful noble face, an unrelievable regret, an unthinkable pain, an irreparable struggle... this incomparably complex expression appeared on the beautiful and noble face that made countless heroes and men in this world crazy, before it finally turned into an iron-like resoluteness.

She let out a long sigh.

“He has lost, he can't win,” the Celestial Phoenix Maiden said.

Song Xiaojun's body slightly trembled. She did not turn her head back, nor did she reply, but continued to pray sincerely.

“Since he is destined to die, you might as well die in front of him.” The expression that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden revealed all of a sudden was as though it was better to be a shattered vessel of jade than an unbroken piece of pottery. Song Xiaojun stopped praying to look back at the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, who was as calm and indifferent as before, there was not the slightest guilt, “You first go to the underworld to find a path for Ye Qingyu, is that not better? If your death will throw his mind into disorder causing him to lose, then that is even better. That would save him from enduring so much pain in this battle.”

Song Xiaojun's delicate and weak face was crossed with disbelief. Her big eyes flickering rapidly. “Why? You... you shouldn't do this, you...”

“No reason, I just, suddenly changed my mind, it's as simple as that.” The Celestial Phoenix Maiden looked directly into Song Xiaojun's eyes, and under the watchful eye of the latter, she stretched out her hand, gently formed a hand seal, and injected a strange force into Song Xiaojun's body.

The petals of the flower of the [True Nirvana Flame] in Song Xiaojun's dantian world began to leap. The terrifying power of the flame instantly swept across Song Xiaojun's entire dantian world, incinerating everything, before it spread along the veins toward the surroundings.

Indescribable pain attacked Song Xiaojun's whole body.

As though she did not feel anything, she was still staring intently at the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, large crystal-like beads of tears slipping down her cheeks, “No, I beg you, don't... don't let my Brother Qingyu see me die... I... whatever it is... I will promise you!”

Even in the moment of death, what she was thinking about was still Ye Qingyu and not herself.

The fire of the True Phoenix spurted out her mouth, and soon there were fire snakes coiling around her nostrils and ears. Her limbs had already been vaporized by the scorching flames, but she was still wearing an imploring expression. In the last moment of life, she was looking at the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, begging her not to kill her in front of Ye Qingyu who was fighting on the battlefield.

However, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's response was only the determined look.

When the last wisp of consciousness dissipated, Song Xiaojun had completely fallen into a kind of despair.

“Brother Qingyu...” She used her last bit of strength to cry out in a low voice. There was incomparable affection and reluctance to part, but she could not do anything. Her body was incinerated by the flames, and finally turned into a cloud of green smoke, lingering where she was.

Song Xiaojun was dead.

The high and mighty Emperor of Darkness seemed to have ended her life in such a way.

It wasn't until this moment that the icy-cold Celestial Phoenix Maiden, who was like a cold-blooded slaughterer, had tears welling up in her eyes, which then uncontrollably gushed from her eyes.

“Don't worry, Ye Qingyu won't see this scene,” the Celestial Phoenix Maiden said in a low voice.

The moment she made a move, she had already performed a secret technique to isolate everything that was happening here. Ye Qingyu, who was in the fierce battle, had no way to know what was happening here.

The cloud of green smoke that Song Xiaojun's body had turned to was still lingering in a strange form, and had not completely dissipated.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden affectionately gazed at the bloodied figure in the distant battlefield, a sad but beautiful smile spread across her face as she whispered to herself, “If time is reversed, I really hope that I had never met you in my life... Ye Qingyu, can I also, like her, call you Brother Qingyu?”

With that, she stretched out her hands and held the puff of smoke in front of her——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1203:


Chapter 1218, If there is an afterlife

As the Celestial Phoenix Maiden’s hands went deep into the swirling smoke, her palms were blazing.

It was the fire of Phoenix Nirvana.

It was a flame that seemed to contain magical power, burning in the green smoke. Like reigniting ashes that had not completely extinguished, the green smoke that was about to fade unexpectedly erupted with new sparks.

“How would I not know about the relationship between the Phoenix Race and the Unmoving City of Darkness? I am the present Empress of the Phoenix Race.” The Celestial Phoenix Maiden's tears were glistening like pearls. She looked at the distant battlefield full of reluctance, like the expression that Song Xiaojun had before she lost consciousness——Perhaps her unwillingness to part was even greater than that of Song Xiaojun.

Her hands were burning, her fair, and beautiful palms, like fuel, were engulfed by the raging flames.

The qi and blood in her body were flowing out from the burning flame, injected into the swirling smoke, and then the Phoenix blood gradually integrated with the green smoke, transforming into a black light with splashes of red. The sparks that were sputtering out were suggestive that some strange changes were happening.

“The Phoenix Race is originally a branch of the royal bloodline of the Unmoving City of Darkness. It was the descendants of the ancient True Phoenix who once ruled the Unmoving City of Darkness. If there wasn't that betrayal back then, now, I might have to call you little sister?”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden muttered in a low voice, speaking of a mysterious secret that no one knew.

The entanglement between the Phoenix Race and the Unmoving City of Darkness had been going on for thousands of years. The killing and hatred for many generations had made these two races appear like sworn enemies. But in truth, only very few people know that these two opposing forces in the eyes of the world had the same ancestry and blood countless years ago. The Phoenix can undergo nirvana to obtain tremendous power, and once the blood of the King of the Unmoving City of Darkness was stimulated it also resembles undergoing Nirvana. One would lose their memory, but also obtain powers unimaginable to ordinary people. This new life, is that not also a form of Nirvana?

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden had already become the King of the Phoenix Race a year ago.

The Empress of the Phoenix Race.

Although the Phoenix Race had always been under the control of others, the fate of the race was extremely tragic. The truth and record of the past history had long been deliberately destroyed in the long river of history. However the blood connection was not something that can be erased by schemes and power. The Celestial Phoenix Maiden, for the fate of the clan, had accepted the curse of the bloodline. Not only was she controlled, she had to forcibly activate the blood of ancient True Phoenix. At the same time, her strength also rapidly increased, and the blood, which contains the fragments of memory of her ancestors, also began to recover.

She knew about the relationship between the Phoenix Race and the Unmoving City of Darkness the moment she regained consciousness.

In truth, in the past endless years, not only did the Unmoving City of Darkness attempted to dig out the truth, they also detected some clues and thought of ways to lift the controlling curse from the Phoenix Race. In fact, the Phoenix Race had also reflected and pondered over this modified history. The generations of heaven’s prideling experts of the Phoenix Race, although never completely awakened like the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and regained the power and memory of their bloodline, still obtained some clues from the bloodline and began to suspect...

It was just that the fate of the Phoenix Race was in the hands of others, and once someone found out the truth, they would be killed. They had no choice but to endure it.

The opportunity that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had can be considered unique.

At the most critical time, she had awakened the true ancestral power, vaguely stepped into the realm of the Martial Emperor, and became aware of the truth——It was almost impossible to suppress and modify the bloodline memory of the Emperor realm expert.

In this situation, how can the Celestial Phoenix Maiden really kill Song Xiaojun?

Through the bloodline of the ancient times, they were once from the same ancestors, the same race. If it weren’t for the distorted history and the earth-shaking betrayal, they would have been the two most outstanding pair of the present Phoenix Race, and also would be known as sisters.

“The suffering inflicted on the Phoenix Race throughout history is too much. The blood that flowed because of the killings that resulted under manipulation is too much. My dear sister, we cannot continue in this way. Since the one he loves is you, then you should be the one to change this damn fate.”

A hint of warmth surfaced onto the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's face.

The bloodline of the ancient True Phoenix in her body was slowly stimulated, flowing from her blood vessels, spread to her hands, flowed out, and turned into a blazing flame. First it was the blood in the heart, then the other organs, and finally all the blood in each blood vessel gathered to her burning palm and transformed into a floating ball of blood.

The action of drawing out all the blood of the body was similar to what Song Xiaojun experienced before. It was the most brutal torture in the world. The suffering was something that ordinary people cannot imagine.

However, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden still wore a warm smile.

The transformed ball of blood seemed to be human form.

“Oh... my dear sister, since you and I both possess the most powerful bloodline of the Phoenix Race, then today, let's together reverse the fate of the Phoenix Race. Let the True Phoenix blood that had been forcibly stripped away from each other for endless years reunite in our hands once again!”

With the hands that were blazing with the fire of the True Phoenix, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden began to form a string of mysterious hand seals that had disappeared from the heaven and earth for countless years.

Her fingers were slim and delicate, and her hand was fair.

The ten fingers slowly transformed, like the heart of a graceful girl, was captivating and fascinating. It was as beautiful and extremely mysterious as an illusion.

The hand seal techniques, like sparkling and graceful petals in the spring breeze, were constantly struck into the ball of blood fluttering under the smoke.

A force that had disappeared from the world for countless years began to slowly grow.

The complexion of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden grew paler with every hand seal that was launched out.

This was the transformation of her life and soul into the Phoenix Race's most supreme power, and instilled into the ball of blood.

And with each hand seal, the blood in the smoke quivered and jumped, taking the form of a human. The limbs, skull, waist, chest and abdomen were gradually developing.

“The god of the ancestors, the spirit of my veins, with my blood, with her spirit, reshape the True Phoenix!”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden's face was as white as snow, beads of sweat slipping down her forehead, and even her whole body began to tremble. However, her expression turned solemn. She continued to exhaust the strength of the entire body to launch out the last few hand seals.

The hand seals of the True Phoenix penetrated into the human-shaped blood, underwent a drastic change, before the blood suddenly throbbed frantically and eventually took the form of a lifelike figure. It was almost exactly the same as how Song Xiaojun looked before her death, except that the surface was completely blood-red. The facial features, hair and brows were unclear, but there were already traces of vitality slowly diffusing out.

In contrast, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden was like a withered flower. She had lost all her spiritual aura and brilliance all of a sudden. Her skin was shriveled and dried, eyes turbid, and even her bright dazzling long hair had dimmed to a yellow colour!

A heaven's prideling maiden of matchless beauty had sacrificed her everything.

“Draw blood... break bones!”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden, looking at the blooming human in front that gradually grew clearer, bellowed with the last of her strength.

Her muscles and bones were beginning to make slight cracking sounds, and because all the blood had been pumped away, her body resembled a branch that had lost all its water content, emitting clusters of white mist.

Every bit of her flesh, blood and bones that was ruptured and destroyed, the blood figure that bore a remarkable resemblance to Song Xiaojun grew clearer and stronger and with greater life force.

The law of conservation of mass.

Creation must be exchanged with a loss.

This was the most unbreakable truth in the great Dao of heaven and earth.

The figure of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden gradually dissipated.

But she was indifferent to the dispersing of her body and soul.

She turned her head back again.

A pair of already dim eyes, with unprecedented astonishing beauty, looked in the direction of the fierce battle in the distance. Ye Qingyu's figure that was covered in blood was faintly discernible. Looking at his figure, her eyes were full of reluctance. If there was something in this world that the peerless and beautiful heaven's prideling maiden could not give up on in addition to the fate of her race then that would be this Heaven Wasteland Domain man.

“Brother Qingyu, all this, is for you... The terror of the Sky Emperor is not just today. Only the birth of the real power of the True Phoenix can help you restrain the Sky Emperor and pass this calamity of life and death. Originally, I can choose to devour the blood of Xiaojun, transform her blood and essence, and let the bloodline of the Emperor of Darkness to fuse with me. That will allow me to step into the true Emperor realm to fight side by side with you, but... but she is the person you love. It is not me. Although you don't love me, but I love you. I do not want to become a vicious woman in your heart. Since you love Xiaojun, then I will support her, support you two... Haha, Brother Qingyu, in addition to younger sister Xiaojun, I can also die for you. I wasn’t brave enough to express my true feelings, so perhaps only in this way can I really be forever remembered in Brother Qingyu's heart!”

A tear rolled down from the corner of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's eye.

That tear was sparkling and brighter than any gem in the world. Just like the soul of the peerless Heaven's prideling maiden, it was so pure, so perfect, and so heartbreaking!

Love once begun, will never end.

She also did not know when had her iceberg-like heart melted because of such a man.

It was just that... loving a person was really too painful.

“Brother Qingyu, if I met you before Xiaojun, then will fall in love with me?”

“Also, Younger sister Xiaojun, I'll tell you a little secret. In truth, I did not need you to drain and transform all the blood in your body. You did not need to bear the worst pain in the world. I can still transfer the bloodline of the True Phoenix into your body, and let you obtain the perfect power of the ancient True Phoenix, but…”

“Haha, just think of it as the little final jealousy of an unloved woman.”

“Since I support you, I also want you to have a taste of the pain I have to bear first. I want you to know that, in this world, it’s not just you who is willing to bear this pain for him. I want to let you know that the pain I have to bear is a lot greater than what you have to..."

“Perhaps you will really cherish him after suffering all this. Perhaps, between the responsibility of the Emperor of Darkness on your shoulder and him, you would not hesitate to choose him this time!”

“Now, goodbye, my Brother Qingyu!”

“If there is an afterlife, I hope to meet you before anyone else.”

“Goodbye, my little sister Xiaojun.”

“If there is an afterlife, my choice must be to kill you, to support myself.”

The last rupturing noise sounded from the cloud of white smoke.

The last trace of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's presence dissipated among the starry sky.

At the same time, the blood shadow had completely reshaped into a new Song Xiaojun. She opened her eyes, tears uncontrollably streaming down, sobbing, “No...”

She never really died.

From the beginning till now, she had ‘heard’ and ‘saw’ everything the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had done.

She had experienced a true sense of the Nirvana of the Phoenix Race and had gained the power of the true ancestors. However, all of this was a selfless gift from someone who she mistakenly thought was a cold and despicable woman.

Her older sister! ——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1204:


Chapter 1219, The Phoenix of Fire

“No, I won't let you die,” Song Xiaojun cried anxiously.

She also pinched her fingers together to form the highest supreme seal technique of the Unmoving City of Darkness [Soul Absorber and Death Chaser]. Song Xiaojun's cultivation level wasn't high enough before, thus even if she had studied this seal method many times she was still unable to fully display it out. But this time, the yuan qi within her body was operated as smoothly as flowing water. Under the effect of the seal technique, the white mist scattering in the void was gathered together by a mysterious force, and eventually condensed into tangible substance, an eggshell-like object. From all sides, eventually all the remnants and aura of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden floating in the void were gathered together.

The white mist eventually turned into a giant white egg about a meter in diameter.

In the egg was the last breath and traces of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

“With my blood, absorb the soul and return, why don't you go back?”

Song Xiaojun recited the song of the seal technique, before a drop of blood from her fingertip fell onto the giant white egg.

The blood dripped onto the surface of the eggshell, and then transformed into strands of thousands of hair-like pattern, spreading across the surface of the giant eggshell in the blink of an eye like flame cracks. The egg was overflowing with an ancient mysterious force. And then, all the flame cracks began to exert its effect, hid and melted into the eggshell, and were no longer seen with the naked eye.

A faint and undetectable power of life was surging from the giant egg.

Song Xiaojun's tears were dripping onto the giant egg, calling softly, but the giant egg did not give any response.

“The life force has survived, as long as there is a trace of opportunity, I will not let you die... older Sister!”

Song Xiaojun caressed the eggshell, her expression determined.

The next moment, Song Xiaojun could feel her body stiffening. A powerful yuan qi aura began to surge in her body, and an unprecedented powerful current of dark flame inner yuan began to flow in the already restored dantian world. This power was too terrifying, like a severe flood or a fierce beast, it instantly poured into the eight extraordinary meridians and each blood vessel of her sacred body. However, her body was not in the slightest damaged. Vaguely, Song Xiaojun could hear rumbles of the great Dao, and even felt that her body was blowing up like a balloon!

But when Song Xiaojun reacted, she found out that it was not an illusion.

Her body really was expanding.

She had already unknowingly come out of the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Her body was incomparably huge, and the fragments of stars that originally looked like immemorial mountains, at this time, next to Song Xiaojun's body, were like specks of dust. Even the [Cloud Top Cauldron] that enveloped her before was much smaller than specks of dust.

“Martial Emperor's original form!”

Countless rays of divine light surfaced in Song Xiaojun's mind.

The countless information was as invisible as dust in the sun but also undoubtedly real.

This feeling was too familiar. Every time the power of bloodline evolved, Song Xiaojun's strength increased as a result. She also became aware of many skills and techniques of the Unmoving City of Darkness, awakened much consciousness, and mastered a lot of secrets and martial arts theory. This time it was evidently more intense and powerful than any previous evolution of the bloodline power.

The awakening of the Martial Emperor’s original form signified that she had truly stepped into the realm of Martial Emperor.

The perfect bloodline power of the ancient True Phoenix had completely undergone evolution. During the moment that Song Xiaojun was being reborn, she had stepped into the realm of the Martial Emperor——This was the power of bloodline.

“Finally reached this point?”

Song Xiaojun felt the surging yuan qi power in her body, which was rapidly being transformed into Emperor's power. She closed her eyes, and at the fastest speed, adapted to this new force, adapted to the Emperor power that was flowing in her body, and adapted to the control of the Emperor power and original form!

In the past, Song Xiaojun was very afraid of the arrival of the awakening of the last bloodline power. She knew very clearly that once the power of darkness bloodline in her body erupts it signifies that she has truly stepped into the realm of Martial Emperor. However, she had deliberately suppressed the arrival of this day, because it was only after great difficulty that she found the memory and story between her and Ye Qingyu in the past. Once the last bloodline power breaks out, once she stepped into the Martial Emperor realm, her memory would also be lost once again.

Because the power of the darkness bloodline, although terrifying, was after all not the complete bloodline of the ancient True Phoenix.

An incomplete bloodline has defects with every evolution.

On Song Xiaojun's body, it was the loss of memory.

And now, after the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had completed the true bloodline with the technique of Nirvana, Song Xiaojun's body now contained the true complete bloodline without defects. Thus, even if she had completely entered the Martial Emperor's realm, her memory was not lost.

It was only several seconds later when the transformation of Emperor power was complete.

At this point, the distant battle finally stopped.

No matter how intense the battle was, those two were Emperor experts who would no doubt realize the emergence of a new Emperor outside the battlefield. And when their eyes fell on Song Xiaojun, they were instantly astonished.

Ye Qingyu was shocked because he did not think that Song Xiaojun would became Emperor at this time. He had previously sensed Song Xiaojun's aura, and although it was indeed at the peak of the ninth step Quasi-emperor realm, she was still a distance from the true Martial Emperor. It was not only a difference in cultivation base but there was an unclear and unknown boundary gap. Ye Qingyu previously concluded that, without an opportunity, it would at least be a decade before Song Xiaojun could become an Emperor... but now... what happened?

And the Sky Emperor was shocked because he felt a strong and extremely dangerous aura from the woman who had all of a sudden become an Emperor——It was an aura that natural restrains him.

“Impossible, how could this be... the blood of the ancient True Phoenix... the complete ancient True Phoenix bloodline...” The Sky Emperor exclaimed in disbelief. Everything was previously under his control, but now why would there be such a twist and reversal?

And it was also at this time that Song Xiaojun slowly opened her eyes.

“The flames of the Phoenix...Destroy the power of the sky!”

She stretched her body, the flame wings of the True Phoenix unfolded behind her, and her Martial Emperor’s original form began to change. She transformed into a huge, noble, and mysterious ancient firebird, blazing with red flames all over. She slightly beat her wings and charge toward sovereign Skyreach’s corpse that was under the control of the Sky Emperor.

The Sky Emperor had the title sky, and the fire of the True Phoenix can destroy the power of the sky.

It was a natural restraint of the Great Dao.

Although the Sky Emperor also made a counterattack after a short period of shock, the blue light that shrouded the six-winged golden Hou's Emperor body, which Ye Qingyu could not break with the [Blood Drinker Sword], was instantly ignited by the ancient True Phoenix like oil.

Boom!

The flames rose and exploded with a deafening roar.

The six-winged golden corpse was incinerated in this split second. It was as though there was an eternally blazing fireball in the starry sky. Across a distance of millions of kilometers it was as bright as day. The bright and dazzling light had swept across the entire starry battlefield.

“Ah... it really is the flame of the True Phoenix. This taboo bloodline had reemerged?”

A blue figure escaped from the burning corpse like a bolt of lightning.

Around his body there were still wisps of burning flames that could not be extinguished. His face was twisted with panic and fear, and was not the Sky Emperor who had almost forced Ye Qingyu into a desperate state before?

Sky Emperor looked incredibly miserable. Although he was only a shadow, he was unable to put out the fire of the True Phoenix around his body. The flame blazed, creating crackling noises, like roasting butter.

“Die!”

Song Xiaojun showed no mercy, spewed out a gush of Phoenix flame.

The Sky Emperor's shadow, like a rattlesnake, quickly retreated, but the flame of the Phoenix, like a spiritual object, had already firmly locked onto his body, and at a faster speed twisted around his shadow, roared, and again frantically began to burn him.

The flame had devoured half of his body.

“The re-emergence of a taboo bloodline, is the prophecy of the past about to come true... Haha, I don't believe it, that person has already turned to ashes, how could this be…”

The Sky Emperor’s voice still sounded calm.

In a flash, his whole body was incinerated into ashes and vanished completely from this world.

Song Xiaojun drew in a breath, and the flame of the Phoenix returned to her mouth.

“Brother Qingyu, are you all right?” She came to Ye Qingyu's side right away and supported him.

At this time, Ye Qingyu was indeed extremely weak.

Ever since he left Heaven Wasteland Domain, he had fought hundreds of battles, but this time it was definitely the most tragic one of all. This was because he really had no certainty of winning, and had too many concerns and worries. The [Cloud Top Cauldron] had to protect Song Xiaojun and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, and he was almost forced to a desperate situation.

“I'm fine.” Ye Qingyu breathed a sigh of relief.

Although the injury was serious, the crisis had been lifted. He just needed a period of rest for him to fully recover.

This battle was tragic, but had incomparable benefits to Ye Qingyu. The harvest was tremendous, and as long as he slowly digested what he had learnt he could certainly advance another level.

“This time it was just an incarnation of the Sky Emperor. He is terrifying, omnipresent, and can incarnate into tens of thousands. He likes to scheme and attack from behind...” Song Xiaojun assisted Ye Qingyu and retreated from the battlefield, returning to the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Ye Qingyu's eyes were fixed on the egg.

“This is...” Puzzled, he vaguely guessed that, while he was battling against Sky Emperor, something big had happened, which was related to Song Xiaojun becoming Emperor.

Song Xiaojun's eyes reddened.

She did not hide anything in the slightest, and recounted everything that had happened in detail. By the time she finished, her cheeks were already bathed in tears.

Ye Qingyu froze for a moment.

He subconsciously reached out to caress the giant white egg. The complex feelings in his heart were simply indescribable with words. A sad feeling, like the tide, had drowned him instantly.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

