Chapter 425:


Chapter 445 - Oh, you don’t have a stomach ache anymore

The two eagles’ courage melted like ice, immediately turned around and swiftly fled.

But Ye Qingyu was set on killing, how would he give them the opportunity to escape.

The finger on his palm moved slightly. At the edge of his palm, a golden light flashed, as a profoundness burst forth. The [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike] of the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General] shot out. In the flash of a spark, he neared instantly, the [Human King Sword Mantra] activating the move of the [Storm of Swords]. Sword qi spread out everywhere.

“No...”

“Spare me.”

The eyes of [Snow Eagle] and [Sly Eagle] were cracking, feeling the arrival of death, let out a crazy roar, activating all its power to defend themselves but were ultimately unable to withstand the terrifying sword attack.

Pff!

Blood fog filled the air. Although the two people had darted over thousands of meters in a split second, they were still unable to escape the deadly sword qi, turning into two puffs of blood fog as they dropped to the ground!

Ye Qingyu had killed three people at once. He paused for a moment, before landing on a long spear that was inserted into the ground.

Around him, Imperial Guards were moving back like the tide, making a huge empty zone. Knives and swords stood there like trees in a forest, aiming at Ye Qingyu, but no one dared to charge forward.

But it was at this moment when Ye Qingyu had suddenly realized something, his expression abruptly changed, moving back anxiously.

A scarlet soul-stealing light, like a sudden clap of thunder, burst up with no advance warning from the void hundred meters away. There was a strong killing intent and a brilliance as dazzling as the scorching sun, which unexpectedly made Ye Qingyu feel a kind of irresistible feeling.

Another frightening top expert had acted.

Ye Qingyu moved back, clasping his sword firmly at the same time, arranging the area in front with invisible sword qi... At the same time, he activated the [True Will of the Sky Dragon]. He instantly transformed into a silver sky dragon, escaping at a much rapid pace.

Boom boom boom!

The scarlet light projectile swept away all obstacles in its path, ruthlessly destroying the walls of sword qi.

Ye Qingyu, who had transformed into a dragon, was traveling at a much faster speed than before. At the same time his dragon tail flung about, mercilessly striking the scarlet light projectile.

Bang!

The tendons of the dragon tail were broken, bones snapped, and blood spattered.

The light projectile that was hit by the dragon’s tail, which contained thousands of pounds of force, had only cracked open slightly. It accidentally brushed against the dragon’s body and a powerful sword-like qi slashed across the dragon’s body, sending fragments of dragon scale splattering everywhere.

In the state of a dragon, Ye Qingyu spurted blood from the corner of his dragon mouth.

Previously, under the state of the dragon, he was near invincible. His physical body was comparable to a spiritual weapon or treasure weapon, and he could crush divine swords and weapons with his bare hands. Even if a beginner of the Bitter Sea stage launched a full-strength attack at him, his scales would not be damaged at all. But the scarlet light projectile had barely touched him yet scales were sputtering out...

The terrifying power of the scarlet light flying projectile was obvious.

Ye Qingyu immediately knew that he was no match for that person, and desperately tried to flee.

Swoosh!

The scarlet light projectile, like a soul-harvesting scythe, circled once in the void before heading for the Silver Sky Dragon again.

Ye Qingyu had already come to the edge of the [Silver Flowing Light Formation]. But he had no choice but to counterattack.

He extended out his dragon claw, as though he was searching the sea, and heavily slammed against the scarlet light projectile.

Bang bang!

Blood spluttered and bone fragments shot out in all directions.

The scarlet light projectile paused for a moment, but Ye Qingyu’s pair of dragon claws was instantly disintegrating into foams of blood.

“Terrifying!”

Ye Qingyu felt the terror of the light projectile, which was simply unlike a power of the human world. Taking advantage of when the projectile stopped for a moment, he plunged into the [Silver Flowing Light Formation], turned into a faint wisp of white mist, and disappeared in the void.

At the same time.

The scarlet projectile was heavily attacking the silver flowing light screen.

The whole City of Light trembled like an earthquake had hit.

The ripples of the silver flowing light screen were frantically flashing, and every time there was an impact the light screen would cave in, like a sinkhole with cracks forming around, which made one’s heart palpitate.

Bang Bang Bang!

The scarlet light projectile was continuously bombarding the silver flowing light screen.

In front of the [Light Palace].

That wisp of silver mist came to the side of Ye Qingyu, and transformed into a Ye Qingyu. It was the clone projection.

But there were visible bone-deep scars, from the left shoulder to the right hip, almost splitting the clone into two pieces. His two arms were snapped off from the elbow, leaving only his upper arms, bloody and mangled. It was a tragic looking sight.

Blood gushed out from the projecting clone’s mouth.

Also from the mouth of Ye Qingyu’s real body.

The [Spiritual Elder], the Spirit monkey had said before that, the clone can walk out of the [Light Palace], and possessed the same fighting strength as Ye Qingyu. But if injured, Ye Qingyu’s real body would also sustain the same scars.

This clone that was almost dying was slightly flickering, turned into a ball of silver light mist and penetrated through the space between Ye Qingyu’s eyebrows.

“Poof!”

Ye Qingyu spurted out a jet of blood.

This jet of blood was floating in the void and did not fall to the ground, like a living creature, tumbling and rolling about, glistening and radiating a dark light, like the most perfect blood jade. Under the blazing sunlight, it looked dazzling and stunning.

Once one reached the cultivation level of the Bitter Sea stage, one can be called a top level expert.

And in the blood of a top level expert, there was both power and spiritual nature, where impurities are removed. In the Human Race there were some evil secret techniques that could seize others strength through their blood. This was the reason why demons and brutes captured experts of the Human Race and swallowed them alive.

While the experts of the Human Race would capture the experts of Demon and brute Races and refine them into blood pills, or directly capture the demon core of the Demon Race.

Ye Qingyu was currently at the level of Bitter River stage of the Bitter Sea. His blood contained his martial spirit and cultivation, every drop of blood lost was equal to a loss of strength.

He drew a deep breath and swallowed the blood again.

Ye Qingyu could clearly feel a heart-wrenching sharp pain coming from where the clone was wounded. At the same time, as though his arms were not his anymore, they went numb and he could no longer feel them.

Ye Qingyu looked down.

The flesh on his arms, like chunks of dried up mud, were falling off and white bones were exposed, and then at a speed visible to the naked eye, were quickly crumbling into a fine powder and drifted away through the air. In the blink of the eye, half of his palm was almost gone...

Scars and wounds were beginning to appear across his left shoulder to his right hip.

Ye Qingyu knew that these were the injuries of the clone being transferred onto his own physical body. He dared not neglect them, hurriedly returned to the [Light Palace], sat in the most central area of the temple, activating the Nameless breathing technique, and began to suppress his injuries.

After ten minutes, Ye Qingyu finally breathed a long sigh, his expression also gradually returned normal.

The injury was completely suppressed.

Worried about the situation outside, he got up and walked out towards the [Light Palace].

“The Spirit monkey was right. Although it’s just a clone, but if killed, the real body also dies. Today I almost lost my life!”

As Ye Qingyu was in deep thought, cold sweat poured from his forehead.

Before killing the three eagles, Ye Qingyu also knew that it was very likely that the opponents would be prepared and that it would be dangerous if he appeared outside the City of Light. But he did not think that the opponent would be so fast and able to wound him so severely before he could act.

Fortunately, the clone’s injuries were only transferred to his body, rather than the terrifying force being injected into his real body, so it was not difficult for him to recover.

As Ye Qingyu came out, the battle in the sky was still ongoing.

The golden coiled dragon cudgel was striking the giant bell at a much frequent and rapid rate. The colour and luster of the giant bell was gradually dimmer and cracks were spreading across the body of the bell, but it was still pestering the golden coiled dragon cudgel.

“Within half an hour, the jet-black giant bell will be defeated, but...”

Ye Qingyu’s gaze fell on the east side where that scarlet light projectile was constantly bombarding the [Silver Flowing Light Formation]. The light screen that was an intense colour of pure silver had gradually lost its glossy colour and seemed as though it would be shattered at any time.

“Woof, woof had told you that the smelly monkey is unreliable.” Silly dog Little Nine staggered to one side, like he was drunk, a painful expression on his face as he said, “Now what do we do? The red mallet will soon shatter this layer of silver turtle shell, and once it smashes in we will die for sure!”

“When did you say that? Before when [Spiritual Elder] and I were discussing the plan, weren’t you were praising him incessantly and calling [Spiritual Elder] your brother?” Ye Qingyu looked at Silly dog Little Nine and asked.

“How is that possible, I’m a noble dog, how would I be brothers with that smelly monkey?” The silly dog turned away and looked elsewhere, strongly denying it.

He evidently had decided to change his tone entirely.

Ye Qingyu was also speechless.

“Woof thinks that we are being tricked by that smelly monkey, what does this [Light Palace] have to do with us. That smelly monkey could not defend this broken palace by himself, so he trapped us here to help him...”  Little Nine growled. “Why don’t we take advantage of this opportunity, steal that cold jade bed, stone table and stone chair, and run away. Hey, the world outside is so big, we rob along the way... No, we should have a strong sense of justice and help the weak along the way, Woof hahaha. Free and leisurely, let that smelly monkey fight here himself...”

“You’re a dog, you should have loyalty,” Ye Qingyu said in a condemning tone.

“Towards that smelly monkey, I have no loyalty to speak of,” Little Nine said in a righteous tone. “That smelly monkey was the one disloyal first.”

When Ye Qingyu heard what he said, he cast him a glance with narrowed eyes. He suddenly smiled and said in a mocking tone, “You don’t have a stomach ache anymore?

There was an abrupt change of expression on Little Nine’s face.

His hind limbs were instinctively twitching, and rumbling sounds were coming from his stomach as he growled, “His mother woof, this makes me angry even talking about it, those barbarians are so unhygienic, dirty and smelly. They must carry some dirty things. I swallowed that guy. I really am unlucky... I have eaten wild wolves and boars before and had never had a stomach ache like this. I swear that, even if I am hungry and eat feces, I will never eat those barbarians again...”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 426:


Chapter 446, Take care of my bird

Ye Qingyu uttered a loud gloating laugh.

In order to be in the limelight, silly dog Little Nine reacted impulsively and swallowed that Brute Race soldier. Once he returned to the City of Light he continuously had diarrhea and ended up directly squatting on the toilet and did not come out, until he collapsed. A chubby cute little white dog was now looking like a shriveled up orange.

“Woof... Oh, no, it’s coming again...” Little Nine’s stomach was grumbling again, gnashing his teeth, he covered his stomach, stood up, finally turned and bolted, disappearing in a puff of smoke.

Ye Qingyu burst into a loud laugh.

But also shocked by the strong adaptability of the silly dog.

If it were other battle pets, they most likely would have been reduced to ashes, but this stupid guy forcibly excreted the flames and the brute power within the Brute soldier’s body, via the method of diarrhea. It was abnormal.

This made Ye Qingyu increasingly puzzled about this idiot’s background.

Bang!

There was a violent shaking of the ground.

The [Flowing Silver Light Formation] seemed like would soon shatter into pieces. Silver ripples were gushing out, the red wooden club in the silly dog Little Nine’s mouth was almost splitting open...

The masters of the Light Palace and the Envoys of Light were gathered together at the [Light Palace], waiting for Ye Qingyu’s next order.

The faces of Wen Wan, Ximen Yeshui, and Gao Han faces were void of expression, especially the former two, who also had an indifferent attitude and Mad Tiger Wen was sat eating noodles. While Ximen Yeshui had managed to buy a parrot from somewhere and was teaching the parrot chat up lines...

“Wow, hello beautiful girl.”

“Sister, you’re a fairy from the palace in the moon?”

“Beautiful girl, long night, how about having a drink together? Don’t be afraid, I'm not a bad person...”

Ximen Yeshui was teaching the parrot with an unprecedented serious attitude.

It is said that he learned from the romantic prodigal son Li Changheng.

By carrying a parrot that could speak, it would be easy to approach those women and strike up a conversation with them.

While Gao Han was standing straight with a stern and calm look on his face.

Dai Youmeng and Liu Jingyan looked a little uneasy, standing behind Gao Han and the others, and keeping their head low. No one knew what they were thinking about.

Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling’er and the others were standing quietly at the edge of the fiery forest.

Mother Wu and a few servants were anxiously standing on one side.

Only a deaf and mute old man was sweeping the ground, unaware of the impending crisis outside the city. He was still waving the straw broom and sweeping the leaves on the ground as usual.

And farther away, the wretched-looking fat man, along with his soldiers, were hiding in the military camp, discussing about how they should escape if the city was defeated, which route was more secure, and how to avoid the imperial guards...

Ye Qingyu’s brows were knitted in a frown.

What to do next, he also was not sure himself.

The Spiritual monkey battle companion had vowed that the foundation of the [Light Palace] could absolutely resist all and that there was no need for Ye Qingyu to do anything, it will handle everything. He believed the monkey, but now the monkey could not even win against the giant jet-black bell, it had seemingly messed up...

If this could not work, then it’s time to use strength.

Ye Qingyu was a little hesitant, when the red parrot on Ximen Yeshui’s shoulder seemed frightened by the battle outside, and was flapping its wings wildly and shrieking...

“Damn, you scared your granddad me.” The parrot screamed with a shrill voice.

“Damn, don’t swear, speak words of love, understand? Say a little bit...” Ximen Yeshui said irritably.

The dark-faced scholar hastily soothed his new precious baby and grumbled, “Damn, I have been teaching [Rosy Cloud] for more than 10 days, and only managed to teach it a few romantic words, but because you scared it, it is starting to swear, how can I use it to pick up girls...”

He could not stand it any longer, looked at Ye Qingyu, and said, “I say, Brother Ye... Oh, no, Palace Lord, what are we going to do next, these bastards needs to be killed... It’s too noisy, if you’re not doing something, I will...”

Ye Qingyu cast a glance at the dark-faced scholar, saying irritably, “Good, you do something, it would be good if you kill them all.”

Ximen Yeshui breathed a sigh of relief. “Tell me earlier...” Then glanced at Wen Wan, hesitated for a moment, thinking that this crazy noodle-eating demon was not very trustworthy, turned to Gao Han, saying, “Hey, old Gao, please take care of my bird...” and stuffed the parrot into Gao Han’s arms.

Gao Han reluctantly received the parrot.

Ximen Yeshui rolled up his sleeves, made a grabbing motion with one hand, when the three-pronged trident appeared in his hand. He stepped out, his body soaring into the sky, and in a split second came to the [Flowing Silver Light Formation].

The scarlet light projectile found Ximen Yeshui.

Swoosh!

Like lightning, the scarlet light struck down at Ximen Yeshui’s forehead.

“Go to hell, don’t disturb me training my bird,” Ximen Yeshui roared, jabbing out with his three-pronged spear.

His movements were leisurely like the wind and seemed extremely slow, but it directly stabbed at the scarlet light projectile.

Ding!Ding!

A faint, light noise sounded.

Before the [Light Palace], all eyes were wide open.

Ye Qingyu has been secretly pinching an object. In case this dark-faced scholar was defeated, he could immediately come to the rescue, but who would have imagined that the next scene almost made all eyes fall out.

The incomparably fierce and violent scarlet light projectile unexpectedly really was poked away by Ximen Yeshui...

And the price that Ximen Yeshui paid was only losing his balance for a short moment in mid-air.

The scarlet light projectile paused, seemingly a bit afraid, and soared, shooting to the air.

“Disturb my bird, unforgivable, where are you going!” Ximen Yeshui transformed into a rainbow, chasing it like a storm, and repeatedly thrusting his three-pronged spear out.

Unbelievable.

The shock that Ye Qingyu felt was simply beyond words.

Unexpectedly... like this...

The dark-faced scholar was so powerful?

He suddenly remembered that, in the [Formation Sovereign] Luo Su’s Palace, Ximen Yeshui once very generously offered his three-pronged spear to him. He casually declined at that time, now thinking back, how blind was he that he could not tell good from bad!

What Sect was this person from?

Who was his master?

This moment, Ye Qingyu rubbed his eyes hard. He thought that he was very accurate in judging people, but he had misjudged so badly this time...

The scarlet light projectile was comparable to an extreme level expert. It could inflict serious damage to Ye Qingyu when in the state of the sky dragon, but Ximen Yeshui could poke him away with a fork.

What Ye Qingyu saw was simply unbelievable.

But thinking back again, he shouldn’t blame myself.

Because ever since he knew Ximen Yeshui, was there ever a time that his words, actions, and manner resembled those of a top master?

Besides the time at the [Formation Sovereign] Luo Su’s palace when he was more striking than usual, other times, he acted like an idiot. Once at the Imperial Capital, he was addicted to wine and obsessed with beautiful girls, and in order to pick up girls he went to train a parrot...

Just where was the grace of a skilled master?

On the other side.

Liu Jingyan and Dai Youmeng almost bit their own tongue.

When they saw Ximen Yeshui stabbing his fork lightly to kill two Brute soldiers before, that was shocking enough, but the strength that he showed now was far beyond their understanding.

They originally thought that among the seven great Envoys of Light, besides Gao Han who had been acknowledged by the Palace Lord, their status was the highest. After all, they were the most senior.

And Wen Wan, Ximen Yeshui, Li Changheng, and Yang Henshui were known to ignore their proper duties, eat, drink, fight and chase after girls. While that wretched-looking fat man loved to gamble. These few people could form an ‘eating, drinking, whoring and gambling’ elite camp.

But now, it seemed that the two of them were the ones who were pathetic.

Especially the strength that Ximen Yeshui showed which made these two people feel a strong sense of crisis. They already knew that they had performed badly during the fight with Brute Race soldiers and if they do not do a good job now, they would most likely lose the favour of the Palace Lord.

But, how could they show him their worth?

Looking at the constant attacks of the golden coiled dragon cudgel and the giant jet-black bell in the air, then at Ximen Yeshui who was clasping a fork frantically chasing the scarlet light projectile, they knew that no matter which battle it was, there was no way they could meddle in. And even for the Imperial Guards outside, Liu Jingyan and Dai Youmeng did not have the courage to meet them head-on.

Like ostriches, they were keeping their heads low.

Ye Qingyu didn’t notice so much.

He gazed at the battle in the void for a moment, and could finally put his heart at rest, because Ximen Yeshui was absolutely occupying the upper hand. That scarlet light projectile was hiding from place to place, and he was in no danger at all.

The Palace Lord heaved a sigh of relief.

So the crisis seemed to have been temporarily lifted?

For the time being, there was no other threatening force in the City of Light except the giant jet-black bell and the scarlet-light projectile.

As for those Imperial Guards...

Without a top expert commanding them, the Imperial Guards numbering ten thousand, that had lost the four eagles’ leadership, was not a threat to the [Light Palace].

Ye Qingyu had begun to plan out how to fight back in his mind and surprise the people of the Imperial Capital that were watching this battle.

He firmly believed that since the situation had developed to this stage, all people were most likely waiting for the outcome of the first battle between the [Light Palace] and the Right Minister’s residence.

The chaos of the empire now could only be settled with a decisive, lightning action. They must prescribe a powerful medicine to relieve the chronic disease. A slow treatment was impossible.

Because the Demon Race and Brute Race absolutely would not give the Human Race too much time. Not to mention that the various major forces of the empire all had selfish intentions, and perhaps would like to see the empire fall, take advantage of the situation, split the territories between them, and become king!

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 427:


Chapter 447, Experts frequently appearing

But then again, since the Light Palace was all prepared, then this first battle must be won beautifully.

Just when Ye Qingyu was contemplating——

In the sky, the complacent voice of the Spirit monkey battle pet suddenly came, “Hey hey, old thing, you managed to escape several times before. This time I will kill you, and I will uncover your true face!”

The thunder-like voice shattered the sky of clouds.

Bang!

The golden coiled dragon cudgel was suddenly emitting tens of thousands of golden streaks of light, materializing into a heavy stick, and suddenly struck the giant jet-black bell from all directions.

Kacha.

A sharp snapping sound resounded.

On the surface of the giant jet-black bell, there were several cracks spreading across. Many parts were like dry, cracked soil, sunken down, pieces of black fragments falling off...

“Dong! Dong! Dong!

The giant bell frantically shook, the dense black mist inside was frantically being dispelled, turning into a dark light, as though to compensate for the shattered pieces of the bell. There were more and more layers floating out, flickering, and the voice of the devil was echoing inside.

“The knell of the devil!”

A furious and oppressive voice sounded from the giant jet-black bell.

The power of the giant bell, in this moment, was increased several folds. The black mist was frantically filling the air, hiding the sky and sun. The sky of the Imperial Capital was as dark as though night had fallen, like the world was about to collapse.

The terrible sound of the bell had shattered the originally blue sky, transforming it into a dark and icy-cold cosmic void, with irregular air flow and wind growing stronger...

“Hey, hey, the knell of the devil? Shamefully boastful, the death knell is ringing for yourself... take this!”

The Spirit monkey battle companion thundered again.

On the giant golden coiled dragon cudgel, the coiled dragons on the ends were suddenly extending, grew alive, and instantly turned into two beams of golden light. Like a pair of golden scissors, they pierced through laye after layer of the black mist, until it was snipping at the giant bell!

Bang!

The terrifying thunder-like roar came again.

The great bell crumbled into black debris, like a collapsed mountain, sputtering out huge jet-black fragments in the void that fell to the ground.

“Pah... you’re going too far!”

An angry voice blared out again.

The jet-black fragments that were spread across the sky suddenly were suspended again, returning at a rapid speed, and the huge pieces of the bell body abruptly shrunk as small as a grain of black sand, like quicksand, reducing to a dot in the void.

The ripples of space flickered.

A black-robed old man stepped out from the ripples. His body was tall and huge like a tower, spreading open his palm, and the black grains of sand were being pulled towards his palm like a whale drawing in water. The dark light was flashing, and all the jet-black fragments had disappeared.

“You destroyed my treasured object, monkey. You must die.” The black-robed old man’s breathing was more laboured, evidently injured. His voice rumbled like thunder, sending the mist and streams of air rolling like waves.

Opposite.

Two golden beams of light were flickering, returning to the golden coiled dragon cudgel, transforming into two coiled dragons, wrapping around the ends of the golden long stick, looking vivid and lifelike.

A wisp of faint golden mist floated out from the golden coiled dragon cudgel, when a pale golden monkey-shaped shadow appeared at the side of the golden coiled dragon cudgel, The faint golden mist was floating about, as though it would easily be blown away with a gust of wind.

“Hey, old fool, you repeatedly attacked my [Light Palace], you want to die?” The monkey-shaped shadow sneered coldly, “Since you came today, don’t expect to leave today. Back then you ran for your life, anxious to leave 108,000 miles away from the Imperial Capital. What? You’ve been eating chaff and wild herbs for 100 years, and are not afraid of death now. You have nerve to come back again.”

The black-robed old man’s face was overcast, his skin was full of folds like dried orange peel, and his eyes were sunken and seemed as though there were black flames blazing within, as he said grimly, “That ruthless ruler had died, leaving you smelly monkey. You dare to assume the majesty of your master, today I will peel your monkey skin off!”

“Hahaha, this is the best joke I have ever heard. I recognize you. A surviving member of the Devil Bell Sect, a defeated opponent. In order to escape, you even betrayed your master and seniors, and let them be your scapegoat. Now you dare bark furiously in front of me, your raven black bell had been destroyed by me. What other abilities do you have, I’ll give you the chance to show it! I will fight you with one hand!”

The tone of the Spirit monkey battle pet was full of disdain and provocation.

The black flames within the black-robed elder’s eyes were blazing more fiercely, black mist tumbling around his body, he was evidently enraged, but then suddenly laughed grimly, “By myself, I may indeed be no match for you, but...”

His voice died away.

Another voice sounded, “But... what if you included me?”

The void was rippling again, and there was a strange monster that looked carved from a rock stepping out of the ripples, standing side by side with the black-robed old man.

This person’s skin was flowing like lava. He did not look like a person, rather a rock that had become a spiritual being. Only he was human-shaped, his head was a square black rock, with a few holes, representing the facial features.

When this monster spoke, the smell of sulphur was breathed out from his mouth.

“Smelly monkey, we meet again.” From the tone of the strange lava person, there was an unforgettable hint of hatred.

The golden misty shadow of the Spirit monkey curiously stared hard at him for a moment, and suddenly exclaimed, “Nanming Ember? Oh, I was thinking who it was? So it’s a defeated enemy of mine, a surviving member of the Fire Worship Demon Sect. Haha, you were struck into the underground river of flames, unexpectedly you’re still alive. You became looking this ghastly, yet you still dare to come out to die?”

“Hahaha, good, stinky monkey, after 100 years you still recognize me, back then you ruthlessly killed thousands of my Fire Worship Demon Sect. I was smashed to pieces, fell into the underground river of flame, and my soul almost scattered. Fortunately I did not give up hope, I met the underground river ember, successfully swallowed it, and instead managed to cultivate the remarkable powers of the Fire Worship Demon Sect...”

Strange lava person roared in rage, the blue flame over his body sputtering, “Smelly monkey, your master is dead. A homeless dog wants to assume the majesty of the tiger, today is the day of your death.”

“Pah Pah Pah, since the heavens had spared your life, then you should start a new life... Back then the Fire Worship Demon Sect had caused many disasters, slaughtered many living things, and offered living people as sacrifice. The Human Race within thousands of miles of the mountain of flames were eaten, and their bones covered the earth. This evil sect should be uprooted sooner. You’re lucky that you’re still alive, and not praying for atonement in the underground river of flames. You have not changed and continue to bring disaster to the world.” The Spirit monkey said with contempt, “You are seeking death, you two bugs attack together, I will send you on the road to death!”

Bang!

The Spirit monkey battle companion was the first to attack.

The golden coiled dragon cudgel turned into thousands upon thousands of cudgels, the golden brilliance staining the void yellow, enveloping that black-robed old man and the strange lava person inside.

A battle instantly broke out once again.

On the ground.

Ye Qingyu and others looked up at the sky.

All eyes were fixed on the battle.

“Seems like a big basket, the black-robed old man is already very scary, and now another bad guy has come out, the mother of...” Ye Qingyu appeared calm on the surface, but was swearing inside, “This smelly monkey, how many bad guys had he angered back then, does it not know to destroy the roots when cutting weeds, now it will soon be surrounded by them!”

Suffering from diarrhea, silly dog Little Nine was holding his belly and crawling back.

He collapsed by Ye Qingyu’s side, saying, “Look, woof told you already, this smelly monkey is unreliable, a troublemaker, we should leave quickly…”

Ye Qingyu did not speak.

There was a flash of brilliance.

Ximen Yeshui returned to the ground.

He was carrying a grey-robed middle-aged man with a triangular face in his hand.

This middle-aged man was red with shame and anger, vaguely there was a kind of aura of a master, but he was badly beaten, a few of his front teeth had fallen out, and he was tied up with a blue light rope. The more he struggled, the tighter the light rope was digging into his flesh, and his powerful cultivation skills were all sealed.

Like a little stream, a light blue light was hanging at his waist, binding a scarlet demon pestle.

This demon pestle was the length and thickness of a child’s arm, like clotted blood, the glistening red was gone. A faint but deep dark power surging within, though it could not break away from the binding of the blue light rope.

Putong!

Ximen Yeshui casually dropped the triangular faced man on the ground, kicked him and said, “You disturbed me training my bird...” Then he impatiently went over to Gao Han. “Where’s my [Rosy Cloud]?”

Gao Han’s line of sight shifted over from the captured triangular-faced man, lifting his finger pointing to the [Light Palace].

Ximen Yeshui looked up, only to see the bright-coloured parrot at Ye Qingyu’s feet, proudly flapping its wings, relaxedly and freely moving about in small quick steps.

The expression on the dark-faced scholar’s face abruptly changed. “[Rosy Cloud] little baby, come back...”

Because beside this brightly-coloured parrot, was silly dog Little Nine who had collapsed from stomach-aches, staring intently at this parrot, licking his mouth, and his eyes lit up. “Ah woof, a fat and tender little hen, I want to eat it...”

The parrot, completely unaware that the silly dog who eats everything had defined it as a fat and tender food, was still proudly flaunting its feathers.

Ximen Yeshui hurriedly raised his hand into the air, when a gush of strength brought the parrot over to him.

Silly dog Little Nine opened his mouth wide and then closed it. “Forget it, my appetite is not good recently, can’t eat greasy food...”

Ye Qingyu’s attention was fixed on the triangular faced expert.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 428:


Chapter 448, How is my strength?

The ocean blue light rope that was binding this man was obviously an impressive treasure. It was like the immortal binding rope, once tied around the body, one’s cultivation skills were immediately sealed. This item should be Ximen Yeshui’s treasured object.

And that scarlet demon pestle hanging at the triangular faced man’s waist was obviously the scarlet light projectile that wounded him before, which should be a Dao level weapon. If such a weapon was activated by an expert of the Bitter Sea stage, it should be absolutely invincible.

But Ye Qingyu had not seen this triangular faced man before.

Although tied up by the ocean blue light rope and had his cultivation skills sealed, Ye Qingyu could still vaguely feel that this person’s strength was above him. No wonder he had not noticed his presence in the void when he was killing the three eagles and the man had almost succeeding launching a sneak attack on him.

“Let go of me, you caged fools, you all will be dead. You’re still not aware of the impending catastrophe,” the triangular face yelled, although he dared not struggle, still looked as fierce as before.

“Shut up.” Ximen Yeshui slapped him several times across the face. “Do not disturb me training my bird.”

The triangular faced middle-aged man was suddenly bright red.

Thinking that with his cultivation level, status, and identity, when had he ever received this kind of treatment before. Even the Right Minister of the empire would slightly bow to him, but now he was tied up and dropped on the ground like a dog, and was slapped on the face.

What a misjudgement.

He did not expect the dark-faced scholar would be so powerful, that he could completely restrain a Dao level weapon of the era of sects. By the time he realized the situation was unfavourable it was already too late to escape.

Ye Qingyu smiled curiously and let Gao Han carry the triangular faced man up the suspended stone steps.

“Tell us, what is the impending catastrophe?” Ye Qingyu asked with a smile, squatted down,  holding a little white rabbit in his arms.

The battle in the sky was currently in full progress, flames projecting out, sounds of the bell reverberating across the sky, thousands of images of the stick flickering, drawing in a tide of powerful elements. The figures of the three experts were constantly moving higher in coordination, to an altitude of tens of thousands of meters high, and almost reaching the stars.

Seeing that the monkey would not be at a disadvantage for a while, Ye Qingyu was slightly relieved, and decided to first cross-examine this captive.

The triangular faced shot a glance at Ye Qingyu, coldly smiling, “You’re Ye Qingyu? The fool that was tricked into the fire pit but didn’t know himself?”

When Ye Qingyu heard the first sentence, he wanted to nod, but as soon as he heard the second sentence, his face immediately darkened, who said that, who’s a fool?

Before Ye Qingyu had said a word, Ximen Yeshui came over with his parrot, slapping the triangular faced man several times across the face. “Speak politely to my brother, answer what he asks you. If you talk nonsense again, I will slap you till you die.”

Ye Qingyu kept his lips closed, inwardly laughing.

The triangular face of the man was more swollen, embarrassed and furious.

But he was evidently frightened by this kind of unreasonable and humiliating treatment from Ximen Yeshui. With his status, even if he suffered all sorts of tortures in the world, he may not beg for mercy, but now, the fact that he was randomly slapped like a dead dog would become a lifelong disgrace. As a result, the hatred within his eyes made him look much more honest.

“Demons have gathered, the authorities of the ancient times have also come to the capital, to extinguish the orthodoxy of the [Light Palace]. The smelly monkey can not support it for too long, you will all have to die,” the triangular faced man said, clenching his teeth.

Ye Qingyu was slightly startled by what was said. “Are you serious?”

“Kekeke...” Triangular face ruthlessly smiled, and was about to speak when...

PA PA PA!

While playing with the parrot, Ximen Yeshui slapped the triangular faced man repeatedly across the face, yelling, “You can’t fucking talk? What are you laughing at? You’re already ugly, your laughing face is more frightening, what if you scared my little baby [Rosy Cloud]?”

“You... You....” The triangular faced man was ashamed and felt very resentful. After a brief pause he was suddenly desperately struggling, like a beast that had fallen into a trap, roaring, “I will kill you... humiliated me, kill you, I am...”

Ximen Yeshui paused for a moment, and then flew into a rage.

He did not say a single word, and slapped him several times in the face as fast as he could, that it seemed like the position below his arm was leaving an afterimage.

At the same time, the ocean blue light rope was rapidly shrinking, binding his body tightly, while the blue light was flashing and producing the faint sounds of ocean waves.

“Ah...” Triangular face screamed, “Stop, hurry stop, you...”

Ximen Yeshui stopped and rubbed his palms, looking at that triangular face that was beaten like meat. “Ouch, my hands ache now, old fool, your cultivation is ordinary, but why is your skin so thick?”

At this moment the triangular faced man couldn’t even come up with a retort. He kept his head low and did not dare speak.

Xiemen Yeshui chuckled, pointing his finger at him.

The triangular faced man was taken aback, then suddenly felt the blue light rope was loosening. He could vaguely activate the yuan qi within his body, and the injuries on his face were instantly recovering, but then the blue light rope was again tightly sealing his strength.

“Okay, don’t humiliate him anymore.” Ye Qingyu waved his hand and timely stood in front of the old man, stopping Ximen Yeshui. The dark-faced scholar moved away with his parrot, before he looked down at the triangular faced man whose injuries had fully recovered and said, “What, can you talk now?”

The triangular faced man was still keeping his low head and did not utter a word.

Ye Qingyu, knowing what he was thinking, said with a smile, “You said we would die today, because besides you there are no other masters, so those demons, evil spirits, and authorities from the era of sects would certainly win, right?”

Triangular face cast a glance at Ye Qingyu, did not speak, and simply nodded.

Ye Qingyu pointed to the distance where Ximen Yeshui was teasing his parrot. “Isn’t there an expert sitting here?”

Triangular face snorted aloud, “One cannot save the situation alone.”

“Well, what do you think of my strength?” Ye Qingyu pointed at himself.

“Kid, if the [Flowing Silver Light Formation] was not here, I would have killed you already.” As the triangular faced man was speaking, as though he had suddenly realized something, his eyes were suddenly wide with disbelief, like he had seen a ghost. “You... You’re not injured, once wounded by my flaming divine projectile, the fiery poison would enter the heart. Even a top expert of the Bitter Sea stage, even if they were not dead, would shed off a layer of skin, how did you...”

Ye Qingyu smiled in reply, but did not explain.

He looked up at the sky, saying, “Do you think the black-robed old man and the strange lava monster are experts?”

The triangular faced man did not know what Ye Qingyu was referring to. “Black Wind old ancestor and the Divine Flame Monarch were already famous hundreds of years ago. Their cultivation has long reached a state where they are half a step into the Heaven Ascension stage. Their strength can only be higher than mine. They are definitely strong experts.”

This triangular faced man did not make any illogical remarks.

His strength was in the Bitter Sea stage, and was lower than that of the two people. The reason that he could become one of the candidates this time was because he possessed the flaming divine projectile.

Once this divine projectile was activated with the secret techniques of his sect, it possessed infinite power and was comparable to the strength of the early stages of theHeaven Ascension stage.

Ye Qingyu nodded and did not speak again.

He unfolded his hand, when a pale golden arrow appeared.

This arrow was only the size of a palm It had a faint golden colour, without the arrow shaft, and seemingly extremely bizarre.

This was the [Cloud Piercing Arrow].

During the time at Youyan Pass, in the battle of the abandoned new soldier training camp, Liu Siufeng had stopped the three terrifying golden glimmers of light coming from the edges of the sky. It had turned into three golden arrows that he bestowed to Ye Qingyu.

This was the first time that Ye Qingyu took out the [Cloud Piercing Arrows].

Under the astonished gaze of the triangular faced man, Ye Qingyu turned his hand over and attacked. When he was killing the three eagles, Ye Qingyu stored the [Purple Eagle’s] [Purple Cloud Bow] into his bag, and since [Purple Eagle] had died, this divine bow was without a master, so it did not repel him.

Ye Qingyu held the bow with one hand and the arrow with the other, drawing in a deep breath.

His skin was beginning to change, faint silver dragon scales growing out from under the skin, his nails deep and long, fingers resembling those of a dragon, and both of his hands, arms, and legs were transforming into the shape of a dragon. This was the sign of activation of the [True Will of the Sky Dragon].

After transforming into the Dragon Form, Ye Qingyu’s strength had increased to a state of extreme terror.

At the same time, the [Limitless Divine Way] was also activated.

Instantly entering into the [First Limit] state.

The strength and imposing manner of Ye Qingyu had suddenly increased several folds to an unimaginable level, exuding an overbearing imposing aura that made people’s heart pound.

The expression on the face of the triangular faced man slightly changed.

But this was not the power that Ye Qingyu expected.

He once again activated the [Limitless Divine Way], attempting various bizarre states over and over again. Finally after three or four tries, he touched on the [Second Limit] state of the [Limitless Divine Way].

The imposing manner that was rising dramatically, in this moment, suddenly erupted with a loud bang. The stream of air around Ye Qingyu was like a vortex, his white robe fluttering without wind and his black hair also slowly floating up.

The triangular faced man’s eyes were finally wide with shock.

In a split second, someone’s strength had shot up several folds. He had heard and seen a secret technique like that before, but to increase two or three times was absolutely unbelievable.

And the thing that made him even more astonished was not over.

After approximately ten seconds, Ye Qingyu’s strength, imposing manner, and aura had doubled again. He was standing motionless at the same spot, while streams of air were surging wildly like a galloping horse, swirling up endless fiery leaves within hundreds of meters. Even the triangular faced man was quivering with fear.

What’s going on? This boy’s imposing aura had suddenly increased to its peak, surpassing me, this is... he has a battle strength that is comparable to the peak of the Bitter Lake stage!”

The triangular faced man was astounded.

But after less than 10 seconds, something happened that made his eyes almost fall out.

Ye Qingyu’s imposing manner and strength unexpectedly rocketing again, vaguely touching into the peak of the Bitter Sea stage.

The whirling force around his body was like a tangible object, visibly gathering together to the naked eye. The tiny specks of particle, fragments of grass, gravel and so on were hovering around, with Ye Qingyu’s body, this strange force field, as the center.

The exposed skin of Ye Qingyu’s body had turned into silver dragon scales. While scales were spreading swiftly, his entire head was turning into a dragon beast, only his body maintained a human shape.

His eyes were as red as blood.

Stepping forward and standing straight, like a Demon God.

The blue light rope was producing a misty light, protecting the triangular faced man who had his cultivation skills sealed. Otherwise the invisible force would have long squeezed him into smithereens.

With a deep breath, Ye Qingyu uttered a terrifying roar.

That was the true cry of a dragon.

Then, he suddenly pulled the bow.

The [Purple Cloud Bow] was pulled back like a full moon, the arc of the bow was graceful and beautiful, like the horn of an antelope, and there was a rhyme to it.

The arrow was released.

The moment the golden body of the [Cloud Piercing Arrow] left the bow, it was emitting golden flames that were condensing into an arrow shaft of flowing light, connecting with the [Purple Cloud Bow], becoming one with it.

A golden brilliance and purple aura were diffusing out, completely enveloping Ye Qingyu’s body, like a yin and yang fish swirling around his body.

Time, at this moment, seemed to have stopped.

“Monkey, you’re wasting time!”

Ye Qingyu bellowed, the long arrow shot into the sky, and the Dragon Claw let go of the bowstring.

A golden light was released from the bow, vanishing into the sky instantly.

The speed of the golden light was completely beyond the range that everyone’s vision could capture.

While playing with his parrot, Ximen Yeshui’s mouth widened into a round ‘O’.

The triangular faced man subconsciously looked toward the sky.

It was unknown when, but the whole sky was torn apart by a wisp of golden light, like a blue gem slashed open by a sword. And in a high place of the endless vault of heaven, the black-robed old man and strange lava person, who were bitterly fighting against the golden coiled dragon cudgel, also suddenly froze——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

