Chapter 169:


Chapter 170 – A Person with No Fate

Ye Qingyu was not an idiot. He knew the reason that he was able to avoid this disaster, had something to do with the so called divine dragon bloodline in his body. But it also absolutely had something to do with the aid of the smoke illusion figure in front of him. At least this mysterious existence had helped him to obtain the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] of the [Ten Great True Wills of the Martial Path]. He could already be counted as his benefactor.

Therefore, his attitude towards him was so respectful.

“How much of the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] did you managed to comprehend?” The face of the illusive figure had a faint smile.

Ye Qingyu closed his eyes, quietly sensing, then deeply breathed out a breath of air. “I am ashamed, I have only approximately understood a tenth…”

“A tenth? Not bad. I thought that you needed at least several years of time before you can begin to grasp even a part of the essence.” The illusive figure nodded his head, saying, ” To be able to come to the depths of the [Ice throne], you must be an exceptional person with great fortune. You are definitely not normal. Since ancient times, this has always been so… are you the descendant of the dragon Human Race?”

Dragon Human Race?

There was such a race?

Ye Qingyu was blank for a moment, then shook his head, “I am of the Human Race of Snow Country, from a common background. I am not of the dragon Human Race.”

“Snow Empire* Human Race?” The illusive figure was blank for a short moment, evidently not knowing about Snow Country at all. “Since you are not of the dragon Human Race, why is there the bloodline of the divine dragon flowing in your body?”

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

Previously when he was enveloped by the [Supreme Ice flame], the mysterious person had seemed to say there was the bloodline of the divine dragon flowing in his body. But in truth, Ye Qingyu did not know just what was it that he was referring to. The so called divine dragon bloodline, he had never heard of before. He himself did not know at all, why there existed such a bloodline in his body… It seemed somewhat ridiculous. He had considered his family background, his parents. They were all normal humans, why was there the bloodline of the divine dragon in his body?

“You don’t know yourself?”

The illusive figure frowned, greatly surprised.

Ye Qingyu said respectfully, “My experience is still too shallow. I have never heard of the existence of the dragon Human Race. Furthermore…”

He recounted his background and history in detail.

Without knowing why, in front of this mysterious holographic figure, there was a sensation of trust invoked in his heart. He did not hide his background in the slightest as a result of this.

The illusive figure after hearing this, shook his head, “That’s not right, that’s not right… you should not be of that background… what is not right…”

He seemed to have fallen into deep thought and pondering.

Ye Qingyu did not know what the mysterious person meant by not right. He only silently stood there by one side.

The glutton Little Nine that was laying on his shoulder, constantly sniffed in the direction of that illusory silhouette, his little nose twitching. In his large and glistening eyes, there was a trace of a question. Why could his eyes clearly see this illusive figure, but his nose could not smell the slightest trace of his scent? As if there was nothing in front of him. Just what kind of ghost-like thing was this, that it could fool his nose?

After a period of time had passed, the illusive figure shook his head. There was still a look of question on his face. Hesitating a little, “Little friend, if you don’t mind, could I see your fate?”

Fate?

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

Some ancient texts had mentioned fate before. But this was far too ridiculous and nonsensical. In these several past eras, the thing called fate had long been proven to be a divergent path. Nearly no one cared about such a thing any longer.

But Ye Qingyu still nodded his head.

This mysterious person came from the era millions of years ago. Perhaps it would be different.

Seeing that Ye Qingyu had agreed, the eyes of the mysterious figures suddenly exploded with two rays of golden light, shining onto Ye Qingyu’s body.

Everywhere this strange light of his eyes passed by, Ye Qingyu felt his body had suddenly become transparent. Layer upon layer of his muscles, flesh, bones, marrow, organs could be seen. This scene was incomparably bizarre.

“Why is it like this?” The more the mysterious illusive figure surveyed, the more he was shocked. “You… you don’t have a fate. You fundamentally should not be a person that should exist in this period, you… I have never seen such a fate before, too strange, too strange… could it be a Supreme existence has shrouded your fate?”

Ye Qingyu hearing this, could not make head nor tails of this.

The difference of strength and history between the two people were far, far too great.

After a long while, did the gaze of the mysterious figure retreat from Ye Qingyu. Bringing with him a slight regret, he shook his head. “I can’t see through your fate. If not for a Supreme existence helping you cover the tracks of your fate, then there is only one possibility left…”

“What possibility?” Ye Qingyu opened his mouth and asked.

“Perhaps you are the reincarnation of some Supreme existence, therefore I cannot see through you,” the mysterious figure said.

“Reincarnation? In this world, does reincarnation really exist?” Ye Qingyu asked in shock. Reincarnation had always been spoken of, and was known from ancient times. But he had never before heard of anyone that had really been reborn. There had never been a similar precedent. Even those extreme experts who were famous throughout the past and had shaken eras, ultimately their accomplishments were helpless in front of the battering of the rain and wind. They were not able to remain alive until now.

“Perhaps there is, perhaps there isn’t.” The mysterious figure once again sighed. “Since the beginning of the God and Devil Age, just how many peerless and mighty people have existed. just how many peerless and mysterious cultivation techniques have been passed on. Perhaps they could pierce through the mysterious Heaven and Earth and break away from the shackles. Reincarnation, perhaps could be. In this world, everything is possible.”

Ye Qingyu hearing this was greatly shaken.

Similar words, coming from someone else’s mouth, perhaps would be ridiculous nonsense. But coming from the mouth of this mysterious illusive figure, then it represented a great likelihood.

“Although I was not able to see your fate, but I was able to see some other things on your body.” The mysterious figure continued to looked at Ye Qingyu, asking, “Little friend, what sect and faction do you come from? Why are you cultivating in a cultivation technique belonging to millions of years ago?”

A cultivation technique belonging to a million years ago?

Ye Qingyu heart was shaken. Instantly he realized, the battle techniques that he trained in, came from the [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. Could it be that the illusive figure had seen through this?

That’s not right!

Ye Qingyu shook his head at this possibility.

The things that he obtained from the Bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart] were battle techniques. They were moves used in battle. They could not be counted as cultivation techniques, then this represented…

As he thought to here, Ye Qingyu’s heart began fiercely throbbing. He had always cultivated in the nameless breathing technique that his father had passed on. Could it be that this was a heart sutra that existed in the God and Devil Age millions of years ago?

How was this possible?

His own father, was only a normal martial artist of Deer City. Why was it that he knew a breathing technique that belonged to an era millions of years ago?

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt his brain in complete chaos.

He suddenly realized, regarding his own parents, was there some aspect that he did not know?

“I came from White Deer Academy. The breathing technique that I cultivate in has been passed down through my family…” Ye Qingyu did not hesitate, recounting the background of the breathing technique that he cultivated in. He even retold in detail the methods and contents of the breathing cultivation technique. He wanted to confirm and uncover the secrets of this mysterious cultivation technique from this mysterious figure and to discover the true history of this nameless breathing technique. If so, perhaps he would be able to obtain even more information regarding his father?

The mysterious figure, hearing Ye Qingyu speaking his words, lowered his head in thought for a while.

“Natural and free, skillful but seeming to be clumsy, a mystery within a mystery, the intricacies cannot be put to words. This is a true cultivation technique for the Great Way. The gate to many wonders is all held within. This seems to be normal from the outside, but even in the age of the Three Sovereigns, this was a technique of the natural Great Way. It could change fate and go against heaven… such a breathing technique, perhaps it is able to change destiny. I am only able to vaguely grasp a little bit of the beginning. I need to cultivate for a long time, to be able to comprehend the intricacies within… not simple, really not simple!”

“Could elder you determine just what sect did this breathing technique came from?” Ye Qingyu asked in a rush.

“It does not belong to any sect or faction. It’s aura seems to indicate it belongs near the God and Devil Age, but it does not belong within the God and Devil Age. I can be sure of one point: this is a cultivation technique created by someone after me.” The mysterious figure remained silent for half a moment before saying again, “Furthermore, this breathing technique is only suitable for you to cultivate in. Only then is it effective. Other people cannot cultivate in it. Even if they forcefully do so, they will not receive any benefits and waste their time in vain.”

“What? This… how is this possible?” Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded.

A cultivation technique that was only suitable for him?

This was really far too universally shocking.

In this roiling world, there were ten thousands of cultivation techniques. Even if there were cultivation techniques with harsh requirements where the vast majority could not cultivate in, but as long as they had the required body type, the small minority could still cultivate. He had never heard of a cultivation technique that only allowed one person to cultivate where no one else could cultivate in it.

“Because only a person with no fate could train in this cultivation technique. From ancient times to now, everyone has a fate. Apart from you,” the illusive figure said.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

He slowly began to be unable to explain everything that he had seen today.

Could it really be that his background was really special, that even he himself was not aware of it?

But…

Ye Qingyu’s mind was completely blank.

At this moment, he suddenly remembered the words that his father said before he died, that he reminded Ye Qingyu of—

“If there is a day that your strength is able to enter into the Bitter Sea stage, then go to the sacrificial altar of the Imperial family of Snow Country. Go there and find an object. If you are able to find that object, then you will understand everything. If you are unable to enter into the Bitter Sea stage in your lifetime, then become a normal person instead…”

These were the last words of his father before he died.

At this moment, these last words, became unprecedentedly clear in Ye Qingyu’s mind.

If previously he had felt that these words were just intangible words of his father that he said because of his last unfulfilled wishes, then right now Ye Qingyu fiercely realized the meaning behind these words. It was very possible, that in the altar of the Imperial family of Snow Empire, there was a huge secret hidden within that was waiting for he himself to uncover.

Ye Qingyu hated the fact that he could not go immediately.

But after a slight consideration, the last words of his father was that he must wait until he was at the Bitter Sea stage before going. This prerequisite requirement must be extremely important.

As he thought of this, he deeply bowed to the illusive figure. “Thank you elder, for showing me the way. My gratitude is endless.”

“Perhaps I have already said something that I should not have said. Millions of years have passed, could it be that the schemes of those fellows could be arranged even until today…” The mysterious figure sighed, then as if he had also thought of something, “I should leave. Sleeping for millions of years, my era has already ended. But I still need to go outside, to see if I am able to find some matters of the past. Little friend, the path of Jianghu is long. We will meet again if we are fated!”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 170:


Chapter 171 – Returning to Youyan Pass

“Elder, I still have matters I want to consult with you…” Ye Qingyu said in a panic.

But the mysterious figure in front of him had already transformed into a wisp of green smoke. As if ascending towards immortality, he disappeared within the air.

It was as if nothing had ever appeared.

“This piece of [Beiming Archaic Jade] you are not to bring away. I will leave a strand of consciousness within, to suppress the [Dragon Fang Submerged in Blood], to prevent the killing aura from seeping to the outside world and causing harm to the lifeforms of this area… Little friend, your future cannot be measured. Look after yourself. If a day of disaster arrives, the hope of your empire perhaps will land on you… Before leaving, remember you must go back using the path you came. Although the [Ice Throne] has decayed, but it still has the power to instantly kill. If not for the fact that you have the divine dragon bloodline, you would have long died halfway… Little friend, we’ll meet again. Haha, haha!”

The last words of the mysterious person could be heard.

His laughter resounded throughout the air.

By the time Ye Qingyu had more questions to asked, that illusory figure had already completely left.

Little Nine sniffed everywhere, suspicion on his face.

Ye Qingyu originally still wanted to ask, just who was the person in the coffin below the solitary snow peak. But right now it was already too late.

The illusive mysterious figure did not mention the mysterious white clothed female immortal sealed within the ice coffin. Perhaps there was no relation between the two.

Once again returning in front of the ice crystal altar, his gaze fell on the jade the colour of white mutton fat. This was very possibly the [Beiming Archaic Jade] the mysterious person had mention, but as for the so called suppressing the [Dragon Fang Submerged in Blood], just what did he mean?

On the ice crystal altar, apart from this white jade, there was not any sign of existence of the so called dragon’s fang.

This made Ye Qingyu feel something was strange.

“It’s time to leave. This time following the glutton Little Nine into the depths of the cemetery of the Snow Dragon’s is somewhat brash and ill-considered. I was nearly killed by the [Supreme Ice flame]. If not for the fact that the mysterious figure had suddenly awakened, most likely right now I would be turned into powder…”

Apart from feeling fortunate, Ye Qingyu also felt somewhat shaken.

Thankfully the benefits he received was extremely great.

“[Supreme Ice flame], come!”

As his heart willed, a burning silver flame appeared floating above his palm, throbbing and moving like a sprite.

This type of flame was not within the ten strange flames. Its classification was even higher.

Although it was said to be a flame, but its foundation was an ice mist that had reached extreme cold. It seemed to be similar in form to flame. No matter what the material, the instant it touched this ice flame, it would instantly turn into powder from the extreme cold, like that formation curved blade. The effect of its complete destructive power seemed as if it had been burned by flame. But in reality, it was not fire at all.

Possessing the power of such an ice flame, it was tantamount to Ye Qingyu grasping a forbidden power.

Once the [Supreme Ice flame] had been cultivated to its extreme, in legend it was said that it could annihilate gods and destroy devils. Slaying dragons were no longer just words. It was one of the most terrifying powers in this world. Although Ye Qingyu had only just begun to control it and he could not use it in a familiar fashion, but if he grasped the opportune moment, most likely even experts at the Bitter Sea stage had a possibility of falling in Ye Qingyu’s hand.

Ye Qingyu laughed uproariously. With a jump, he directly jumped down from the solitary ice peak mountain.

“Woof?” Little Nine tightly clenched onto Ye Qingyu’s shoulder, madly barking, his pupils immediately turning wide. “Master? You’ve gone crazy? What matter can you not think through, you can quickly say it to Little Nine?”

This glutton thought Ye Qingyu wanted to commit suicide.

Within the air, there was originally a frightening pressure present. Ye Qingyu’s descending figure became faster and faster, friction occurring in the air. Around his body, there were a series of sparks, as if his entire person was really a meteor descending from the Ninth heavens. His entire person was completely shrouded by the light of this fierce flame, his body transforming into a streak of fire that directly headed towards the ground.

These were true flames!

Little Nine madly sharply screeched, his little paws tightly holding onto Ye Qingyu’s hair.

Ye Qingyu laughed uproariously, and a strand of energy from the [Supreme Ice flame] seeped out, causing this throbbing flame around him to not be able to near his body at all.

There were less than ten meters from the ground.

There was a clear and angry long dragon roar sounding from within Ye Qingyu’s body. Twenty Snow Dragon yuan qi encircled around his body, as if each and every one was alive. The dragon’s head, dragon’s claw and dragon scales were extremely distinct and clear, as if it was fundamentally alive. This was no longer illusions of before he had previously absorbed the aura of the Snow Dragons. These were true ancient silver dragons, possessing singular and majestic power. Ye Qingyu was interlinked with them, as if layers and layers of divine dragons were coiled around his body in defense. Instantly, they stalled Ye Qingyu’s body, the gravitational force of the fall gradually lessening, and he quickly descended to the ground.

[True Will of the Sky Dragon]!

There was the aura of the Snow Dragons in Ye Qingyu body, and he had received the enlightenment of the [True Will of the Sky Dragon]. Under the activation of his yuan qi, his yuan qi transformed into ancient Snow Dragons, its strength powerful and matchless.

Although he was still at the twenty Spirit springs stage, but he could no longer feel the slightest amount of pressure from the surrounding space. He could come and go as he pleased.

“Woof woof, you scared me to death. Master, next time before jumping off a mountain, could you first give me some notice.” Little Nine covered his heart, panting with his tongue held out. He had the complete countenance of someone scared to illness, his little eyes staring at Ye Qingyu resentfully.

Ye Qingyu only laughed uproariously.

“We should leave here. As for this Snow Dragon egg…” Ye Qingyu brought out the white oval shaped egg and carefully considered for a while.

Finally, he made his decision.

“This time we have mistakenly trespassed into the cemetery of a Snow Dragon, we are already greatly fortunate and have gained a huge harvest. We can’t be too greedy… So called out of fifty, only forty nine are used in divination. Heaven and Earth is originally not complete*. Every matter cannot be perfect, everything perfect cannot be matter. The way because of perfection cannot resemble**. The so called fortuitous event will expend my personal fortune. One person’s fortune is limited, if I expend all my fortune, I will definitely suffer. As the saying goes, don’t take things too far, I cannot be too occupied with profit and loss. Leave the Snow Dragon egg behind here…”

As he thought of this, Ye Qingyu placed the Snow Dragon egg back under the ice coffin and into the ice crystal bird’s nest.

The silly little dog Little Nine blinked his large eyes. He looked at Ye Qingyu’s action in confusion, not able to understand the reason.

“Let’s go.”

Ye Qingyu held Little Nine, activating the White Horse wings and flew towards the outer edges of the Snow Dragon cemetery.

After ten breaths, he suddenly had a sensation in his heart. Turning his head to look at the far away solitary ice peak, suddenly a streak of lightning flashed by through his brain. He suddenly realized something.

“This solitary ice peak…”

Within Ye Qingyu’s mind, he was extremely shaken.

He suddenly understood what the [Dragon Fang Submerged in Blood] was in the words of the mysterious person.

If one carefully observed from far away, one would discover that this solitary ice peak was not an ice peak at all. It was a broken apart blood red dragon’s fang, stabbing into the center of the Snow Dragon cemetery. It was only that the surface was covered by ice and snow, and one was not able to see it directly… Heaven’s this was a dragon’s fang that was tens of thousands of meters long!

No wonder from the beginning he could feel a faint shred of ominous aura emitting from the ice peak.

This was the ominous aura coming off from this dragon’s fang.

And as for why it was called the [Dragon Fang Submerged in Blood]?

Just what kind of dragon’s mouth would possess such a gigantic fang?

As he imagined according to the scale, Ye Qingyu’s heart could not help but throb in palpitation. Such a leviathan-like dragon if the scale of the tooth was to be believed. It’s mass was far too humongous.

According to the mysterious person, he needed to leave a strand of consciousness to suppress this dragon’s fang. Could it be that it could come alive yet again?

Ye Qingyu faintly felt that today, he had interacted with a gigantic secret that originated from the great Ancient Age. A piece of history that had been sealed away by dust, had demonstrated the tip of its iceberg to he himself… there were far, far too many things hidden within this Snow Dragon cemetery.

“I need to forever hide the events that occurred here today. The things that happened here, I must not let anyone else know.”

Ye Qingyu made his determination. Bringing Little Nine, they left rapidly away from the Snow Dragon cemetery.

…… ……

The Southern boundary of the Explosive Snow Glacier.

Very early in the morning, a violent snow storm swept through the air.

Boom!

A huge noise.

The hundred-meter surface layer of ice suddenly cracked and ruptured, icy rocks flying everywhere.

A figure soared in the air, breaking free from the confines of the ground.

“Mm, I’ve finally come out…”

The figure was namely Ye Qingyu.

As he saw the faintly showing dawn, the radiance of the sunlight made him drunk with happiness.

He had been confined in the Snow Dragon’s den for over a month. Right now deeply inhaling the fresh air of the earth surface, Ye Qingyu could not help but feel greatly invigorated. There was a type of sensation like he had been reborn.

The silly dog Little Nine also deeply breathed in the cold air, an extremely greedy and drunken countenance!

To prevent himself from encountering the experts of the Demon Race, Ye Qingyu continued to head South within the surface layers. Using the power of the [Supreme Ice flame], he burned through the ice layers, like an ice dragon constructing a den. After travelling tens of kilometers, the position he was in right now was already at the boundary of the Explosive Snow Glacier. This place was the area controlled by both the Demon Race and the Human Race. He no longer needed to worry about encountering existences like Yan Buhui.

“Let’s go, return home!”

Ye Qingyu activated his White Horse wings, holding Little Nine. Transforming into a ray of light, he headed in the direction of Youyan Pass.

His strength had explosively increased, and the speed he flew at was rapid. In the time of breaths, he had already travelled tens of kilometers.

In the blink of an eye, one could already see Youyan Pass far off in the distance.

A strand of red sunlight slowly rose from the heaven’s boundary. Illuminating the mountains and rivers tens of thousands of kilometers around Youyan Pass, it was utterly breathtaking.

Xiu!

Suddenly, a scarlet red ray of light shot towards him from within a cloud.

Ye Qingyu lifted his hand, his two fingers clenching the projectile.

It was a scarlet red formation arrow used to pierce through armour.

A small scale formation ship suddenly broke from the cloud layers, with soldiers of Youyan Pass standing upon it. Leading them was a military warfare officer. With a bow in his hand, he roared from far away, “I wonder which of our friends have arrived. You have already entered into the boundary of Youyan Pass. Please stop your steps and indicate your identity!”

He had encountered people of Youyan Pass.

Ye Qingyu let down his guard saying, “Youyan Pass’s sword patrolling envoy, returning to the pass. This is my military seal.

As he said this, Ye Qingyu activated his military seal and sent it over.

The opposing party extended his hand to receive it. After examining it for a while, he did not give an immediate reply. A fire signal exploded out from the formation airship, dyeing half the sky red. Evidently it was rapidly passing along information.

Ye Qingyu could only patiently wait.

But in less then ten breaths of time, there were tens of formation airships that appeared from the surroundings, encircling towards Ye Qingyu from all directions. Vaguely, it seemed to surround Ye Qingyu at the very center. Blades and spears were unsheathed, swords prepared. The formation cannons on the airships were also charged, the lights flickering with surging energy. The airships formed an array with Ye Qingyu at the center, displaying faint signs of hostility.

“Eh? Just what was this?”

Ye Qingyu was somewhat nonplussed.

*Out of the Great Treatise I,繫辭上 – Xi Ci I **Yeah, I’m not going to lie… it’s some deep taoism stuff that I don’t know what it means so take this translation with a grain of salt.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 171:


Chapter 172 – Title of Marquis

Why was this crowd of people treating him like the enemy?

Ye Qingyu was somewhat bewildered.

He could see the military warfare officer that had been the person holding the bow, clasping his hands at Ye Qingyu from far away. “Patrolling envoy Ye, your military seal has already been erased. Because you have not come back to Youyan Pass for over a month, the military department thought you have already died in duty, so…”

Ye Qingyu understood.

So Mister Liu and the others, seeing that he had not returned, thought he had already died.

From the current situation, it seemed like the military of Youyan Pass had already made a public announcement.

Who would have thought that he would return alive? Naturally this needed a reconfirmation of his identity.

Ye Qingyu silently floated in the air, waiting for eventual development of the situation.

Very quickly, a formation airship broke through the air, flying from far away. The person at the lead had a long blade at his waist. It was an expert with a burly and muscular figure. If it was not Liu Zongyuan, then who was it?

“Brother Ye, you’ve really returned?” Liu Zongyuan shouted from far away.

The people who were familiar with this officer that was normally like a boulder could not help but be surprised after witnessing this scene. How was it that this fellow who spoke so little would suddenly become so animated? They had never heard before of any sort of relationship between the boulder Liu Zongyuan and the sword patrolling envoy Ye Qingyu.

“Officer Liu, we meet again.” Ye Qingyu had a faint smile.

“So it was really you. Haha, this is good, this is too good. I thought you had already… to be able to come back alive, this is too good.” Liu Zongyuan could hardly contain his excited mood, repeating the words ‘too good’ three times. Excitedly, he patted Ye Qingyu on the shoulders saying, “If Mister Liu knows of this matter, he will definitely be overcome with joy. So will Xing’er… Also, that rash fellow Wen Wan. That fellow is still furious with me until now…”

Liu Zongyuan was really overjoyed.

In these days, he did not know how to face Wen Wan.

Every time he saw the gaze of Wen Wan that wanted to kill someone, Liu Zongyuan felt both guilty and regretful. He resented the fact that it was not he himself who had stayed behind.

With Liu Zongyuan appearing, the process to confirm Ye Qingyu’s identity was completed very quickly. The formation airships from all around began to be dispersed, disappearing in the clouds far off. The military officer who had held the bow at the start clasped his hands in apology and ordered the soldiers under his command to activate the formation airship and depart. Liu Zongyuan brought Ye Qingyu along and flew towards the inner area of Youyan Pass.

“Let’s first go see Mister Liu and retract the announcement of your death. Haha, did you know, everyone thought you had already died in the hands of Yan Buhui. For you, Mister Liu personally went in search of Lord Lu Zhaoge and requested for the conferment of a title and reward for you. In these days, the documents of the imperial military department have been passed down already. They have bestowed upon you a fourth class righteous heroic Marquis* as your title…” Liu Zongyuan endlessly jabbered on.

Even the soldiers under his command were surprised.

The fact that patrolling envoy Ye had returned had caused their leading officer’s mood to really turn for the better. In the past half a year he did not said much, but in this hour, he had completely filled this period with unending speech.

“What? Fourth class righteous heroic military Marquis? I’ve been given a title of duke?” This was completely out of his expectations.

The position of marquis, was it not obtained far too easily?

The titles of the empire could largely be divided into people who had inherited titles of feudality and ministers who had provided outstanding service. The former were people who possessed the bloodline of the imperial family, or perhaps they were nobles who had inherited a title of feudality. The latter were ministers who were bestowed upon titles through their outstanding contributions. Both of these cases were split into classes of ‘King’, ‘Grand’, ‘Great’, ‘Duke’ and ‘Marquis’, going from high to low. And every classification was split into first class, second class, three class and fourth class. The classifications were extremely strict and the distinction between positions were utterly clear. The status of the nobles of the empire were divided very clearly.

Inherited feudal titles were very easily obtained, but the conditions for a title gained through outstanding service was extremely strict.

Since the Empire had been founded a hundred years ago, the number of people who had obtained a title would absolutely not exceed five hundred. And as for those people who managed to obtain titles because of their bloodline and inheritance, there were near ten thousand people.

A fourth class Marquis, although it was the lowest class of the classifications amongst the Empire’s nobility, but Ye Qingyu had only enrolled in the army for less than half a year. For a young person without any sort of background, this could be counted as ascending to heaven in one step. From a commoner to a noble, Ye Qingyu used three months of time to finish walking the path other people would walk for their entire life.

After hearing of his title, Ye Qingyu was not overjoyed, but instead bewildered.

This matter was far too out of the ordinary.

Liu Zongyuan immediately began laughing uproariously. “That’s right, in the document Mister Liu passed on, he did his utmost to describe the situation. He greatly complimented you on the fact that you risked yourself to protect those maps, sacrificing yourself and allowing us to return. Such bravery and loyalty is something that every soldier should learn from. Even Lord Lu kept praising brother Ye you endlessly. Afterwards, through discussions with the military of the Empire, they decided to bestow a title on you. We only knew once the documents of conferment were passed down. The leaders of the military were really generous this time round. To directly bestowing you a title of Marquis, haha, brother Ye, congratulations!”

Ye Qingyu only bitterly smiled.

This time the bestowing of the title was a bestowal given for the bereaved.

In other words, they gave him a title because they thought he was a dead person. Such a title, would it still be effective if he came back alive?

This time, most likely the military had caused a great joke to be born.

In the blink of an eye, the airship directly entered into the pass, entering into the city of Youyan Pass.

The two switched their vehicles, heading straight for the Pass Lord’s residence.

When they reached the gates of the outer courtyard of the Pass Lord’s residence, Xing’er had already been waiting at the entrance for quite a while.

Evidently, he had long received news.

When he saw Ye Qingyu, this little student could not wait to rush over and give Ye Qingyu a large hug. Then he punched Ye Qingyu, excitedly saying, “Good fellow, you’ve finally returned. I’ve already said, good people do not live long, but villains cause trouble for thousands of years. For a person like you, how can you die so easily…”

Ye Qingyu, “…”

The words were supposed to be positive, but the way he said it was not that pleasing to the ears.

Are you complimenting me or are you insulting me?

“There’s a strange odour on your body.” Ye Qingyu sniffed. “It seems to be the fragrance of petals, are you recently learning flower arrangement or the like?”

“Ai, your nose is sensitive. Are you a dog!” Xing’er chattered in front of them, leading the way. He turned his head back, insulting Ye Qingyu.

“Woof woof!” Little Nine barked in dissatisfaction, indicating that they should not casually insult dogs.

Xing’er instantly began laughing loudly.

Liu Zongyuan also shut his mouth.

Ye Qingyu’s sudden appearance caused the shadows in their hearts in this period of time to be completely swept away. Their mood was unprecedentedly high.

Very quickly, they came to the front of the military council pavilion.

Liu Zongyuan slapped Ye Qingyu on the shoulder: “Fine, brother Ye, I’ll take you to here. What follows after, Mister Liu will discuss with you… When you have time, come to the Vanguard to find me to drink. A brother like you, I Liu Zongyuan, will definitely make.”

“As you say,” Ye Qingyu replied with a laugh.

For such a righteous and silent military officer like Liu Zongyuan, Ye Qingyu had a very good impression of.

Liu Zongyuan left with a large smile.

Xing’er brought Ye Qingyu within the military council pavilion.

Second floor.

Pushing the door and entering into the room.

The Mister Liu in front of the table was currently lifting his brush and painting. He wore a white robe, elegant and graceful.

“You’ve come. Sit, Marquis Ye.”

He pointed to the roughly woven prayer mat in front of him.

The [Painting Saint] was the only person who saw Ye Qingyu, and still remained as calm as he was on their first meeting.

Ye Qingyu could not laugh or cry at this title, ‘Marquis Ye’. After sitting down he quickly asked, “Mister Liu, just what is this? The bestowal of this title by the military, is it not a bit too rash?” …… ……

An hour later.

Ye Qingyu left the Pass Lord’s residence.

Walking in the familiar streets, he watched the people coming and going. The atmosphere of the world made him feel especially close to such a place after being away for over a month.

Eating something from the stands by the street, he headed towards White Horse tower.

Not returning for a month, just how was Bai Yuanxing and Mother Wu doing.

Ye Qingyu right now did not want to think about anything, he only wanted to go home to wash and sleep.

Fifteen minutes later.

White Horse tower could be seen vaguely off in the distance.

The crowd in front became more and more clustered.

“En? There seems to be something that has happened? Why is there so many people next to the White Horse tower?” Ye Qingyu suddenly discovered, in the surroundings of White Horse tower, there really was quite a significant number of people gathered. The outside of the tower was completely jam packed. Vaguely, there was the sound of crying emitting, and also screams and shouts.

Just what was happening?

Ye Qingyu rushed forward, pushing through the crowd.

He could hear a cry, emitting from the center—

“Master Bai, you must right this injustice. My man really did not steal the soldiers’ pay. These silver are the wages Master Bai gave us. Master Bai, you can definitely prove this to them…” This voice was extremely terrified, somewhat crying. But Ye Qingyu could very quickly determine, if she was not the servant that he had hired, Mother Wu who else could it be?

What exactly was going on?

He pushed towards the front of the crowd, not showing himself, remaining silent and observing.

He could see at the entrance of White Horse tower, Mother Wu was on the ground. Tears filled her face in bitter pain, her hands tightly clenching the leg of the sword slave Bai Yuanxing. She was currently bitterly begging.

On the other side, the soldiers of the supply department had completely surrounded Mother Wu, Bai Yuanxing and also a man around the age of forty-five. His body was covered with traces of blood, and he had already been beaten senseless. A metal hook had pierced through his shoulder, and he had fallen to the ground. Scarlet red streamed from the wound, dyeing the ground red. The situation was incomparably tragic. Most likely he only had half his life left…

From the cries of Mother Wu, this half dead man should be her husband.

There was rage on Bai Yuanxing’s face. “How could you go around arresting people without determining right or wrong? This silver I really did give to Mother Wu, you’ve arrested the wrong people…”

“Arrested the wrong people?” The leading solder had a cold smile. “These silver has the imprint of the military supply department. Evidently it is the soldier’s pay that we have allocated to the Vanguard. To have appeared in the hands of such lowly people.” He used his whip to point at the man being dragged on the ground. Casually he flicked his whip, but the senseless man did not even let out a grunt. Another whip scar appeared on his body. Mother Wu let out a howl of pain, falling on the body of this man wanting to block the strike of the whip. Immediately she was kicked rolling away by an armoured soldier. The armoured soldier laughingly said, “For the soldier’s pay that has not yet been distributed to land in her hands. If she did not steal it, just where did it come from?”

“You… you haven’t even made things clear, how could you be so merciless?” Bai Yuanxing was both shocked and angry. “These are silver I’ve obtained from the military supply department today, and I instantly paid the wages to Mother Wu. There are records that you can check, you guys…”

“Records we can check?” The armoured soldier grunted, and coldly sneered. “The military supply department has not distributed any silver today. I have to ask you, just where did you obtain the silver? My superior was namely about to go investigate to where the lost soldiers’ pay were, who would have thought you would stand out of your own initiative. So a sword slave like you was the lead conspirator. Very well, since you have admitted by yourself, that these silver are given by you to this mad shrew, then obediently follow me to explain yourself!”

Bai Yuanxing was taken aback, then instantly realized.

A scheme.

He had fallen into their trap.

“You… Bai Yuanxing’s body quivered, pointing at the soldier. “You intentionally schemed against us, you…”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 172:


Chapter 173 – Give Me an Accounting

“Scheme?” The leading soldier began laughing uproariously, his eyes filled with mockery and disdain. His entire appearance indicated the attitude of ‘what does it matter if you know’ but his mouth denied this accusation. “You really are filled with lies. Is it worthwhile for the supply department to use a scheme on a tiny little sword slave? Just who do you think you are… People, arrest these thieves who dare steal the soldiers’ pay!”

Four soldiers held steel shackles in their hands and advanced like wolves or tigers towards Bai Yuanxing.

“You… does the laws of the army still exist?” Bai Yuanxing was both angry and enraged, doing his utmost to struggle. “I am a person of White Horse tower, you dare act against me? I know, it’s because my master Ye had disciplined that officer surnamed Zhao. You are using official channels to settle a private revenge. To have used such a plot to get back at us, you guys really are ignoring all the rules…”

“Hmph, a person that doesn’t know death. To dare say such nonsense. People, come beat his mouth till it’s messed up.” The leading solder had a cold glint in his eyes.

The Mother Wu laying on the floor, seeing this, knew that Bai Yuanxing could not be of any use. Instantly she was in a panic and afraid. Lunging forward begging, “No, no, no, don’t! This has nothing to do with Master Bai… The silver… the silver was really stolen by us… We admit that we’re guilty…” She had brought these soldiers of the supply department over, hoping that Bai Yuanxing could stand witness for them, and save her husband.

But seeing the scene so far, this normal housewife, even if she was stupid, would also understand certain things.

Thinking to the attention and care that Bai Yuanxing normally treated with her, Mother Wu crisply bit her teeth and acted bravely. At least this would prevent her from dragging the people of White Horse tower down.

The Ye Qingyu in the crowd, seeing this scene, could not help but feel a faint shred of warmth in his heart.

The servant Mother Wu, was a person that he had hired to take care of Bai Yuanxing. He had casually hired her in the marketplace without much thought. After Bai Yuanxing had recovered, he originally intended to ask her to leave. But in those days Mother Wu’s performance was very good, and she was also able to cook delicious dishes. Hence Ye Qingyu’s heart had softened, allowing her to stay behind. He did not think that such a normal housewife would have such admirable bravery.

“You are breaking the laws of the army… You bunch of bandits, I will report you at the Pass Lord’s residence…”

Bai Yuanxing did his utmost to struggle, shouting loudly. He wanted to cause a ruckus and cause the patrols of the city to come to investigate.

The leading soldier had continuous cold smiles on his face. “Reporting this to the Pass Lord’s residence? Just who do you think you are? Haha, I think you should just follow me and see my superior…”

Before he had finished.

Another voice sounded.

“I don’t think there’s a need. Why don’t you bring your superior here to see me.”

Ye Qingyu slowly walked out form amidst the crowd.

The crowd could only sense a blur across their eyes. The people holding Bai Yuanxing fell backwards with a low grunt. Ye Qingyu was already beside Bai Yuanxing in the next instant.

Patting Bai Yuanxing on the shoulder, he shook his head with a smile. “This can’t do. If you don’t practice martial arts and you don’t have the ability to protect yourself, you will really lose my face. In the time I was not here, the dogs that have no eyes really think that people of White Horse tower are pushovers.”

Bai Yuanxing was dumbfounded.

Then instantly he understood. Doing his utmost to rub his eyes, his eyes instantly moistened.

With a plopping sound, he knelt on the ground. In these days, the White Horse sword slave had always been in a state of fear and worry. Right now, such emotions dispersed like smoke. He had an excitement that was like the radiance of the moon finally coming out from behind black clouds. His voice was hoarse as he said, “Master, you… you’ve finally returned, they said you had… I didn’t believe them. I knew, you would definitely return.”

Ye Qingyu lifted his hand and an invisible energy assisted Bai Yuanxing up. “Don’t kneel so casually. The people of White Horse tower can fight, can die, but they cannot kneel.”

“Yes, Master, I know,” Bai Yuanxing wiped his tears, shouting loudly.

“Go look after Mother Wu,” Ye Qingyu said.

Bai Yuanxing went to the side, assisting the Mother Wu that was covered in blood up.

After settling the two, Ye Qingyu clapped his hands, coming to the front of the armoured soldier. With a smile, “What is it, after hearing I had died, did someone impatiently want to do something? The people of the supply department, their memory is really poor. A bunch of plotting worms, they really are not fit to serve in a place like Youyan Pass… it seems you have not managed to remember the previous incident at all.”

The leading soldier’s face was completely red. He did not dare to say anything, an expression of complete fear.

When Ye Qingyu had completely caused a chaos in the hall of the supply department, he had also been present. He saw with his own eyes Zhao Ruyun being hung like a dead dog on the [Punishment Pillar]. The Cool Breeze Mountain Faction as well as the other officers did not dare to say anything in retaliation. Even the head of the supply department Zhang San, could not do anything against this patrolling sword envoy. Therefore, this leading soldier deeply knew how fearful Ye Qingyu was. He was so scared that his heart was pounding.

At this time, the surrounding bystanders only just understood what had happened.

Some people were able to recognize Ye Qingyu’s identity.

“Heavens, that fellow has returned…”

“Who is that young man?”

“The master of White Horse tower, patrolling sword envoy Ye Qingyu!”

“He really is Ye Qingyu, he is too young!”

“Is he the hero of the battlefield Ye Qingyu? The army in these days had always publicized his heroic actions?”

“He really is the idol of all young people, he was still alive? This is too good…”

“That’s not right. The army has already sent a notice around regarding the fact that he has already died in battle. How was it that he came back, could it be that he is a ghost?”

“Nonsense, have you ever seen a ghost in broad daylight… A mistake must have been made somewhere!”

The surrounding people discussed constantly.

Within the crowd, there were some people that understood the intricacies behind this incident. They had long seen through the inconsistencies and secretly held sympathy for Bai Yuanxing and the others. But there was nothing they could do. Right now, seeing Ye Qingyu’s reappearance, they could not help but become overjoyed.

In these days, the army had always publicly advertised the fantastical actions of Ye Qingyu. The scale of this propaganda was not small in the slightest. Many young people in the city, soldiers viewed Ye Qingyu in admiration. Seeing the rumoured martyred hero appearing alive in front of them, they immediately became excited.

The only people who were not excited were the armoured soldiers of the supply department.

They would not even dream of encountering such a situation. They knew they were in great trouble.

Within.

“According to logic, you are only a subordinate listening to orders. I should not make things too hard for you.” Ye Qingyu looked at the leading soldier. “However, even though you are just following orders, your actions should not be so cruel. To have hurt the people of White Horse tower.” Ye Qingyu pointed at the bruised and swollen Mother Wu, then pointed to Mother Wu’s husband. Continuing to speak, “Everyone should pay for their own actions. Give me a satisfactory accounting, and I can let go of you today.”

The leading soldier’s body quivered.

His face was sometimes green sometimes red, his spirit ever-changing. Ultimately, he mustered his determination. With a sound he unsheathed the short sword at his waist. Biting his teeth, he stabbed it into his own thigh.

The surrounding crowd let out shocked gasps.

The leading soldier took out the short sword, and a jet of blood spurted out. His face was pale yellow, “Such an accounting, is patrolling envoy Ye satisfied?”

Ye Qingyu seriously gave him a glance, then nodded his head. “It is satisfactory. Go back and tell your superior that what he should do next, he should be extremely clear. Don’t make me go to the supply department again… Go.”

The bunch of soldiers turned and fled in a rush.

The surrounding crowd instantly began clapping.

Evidently, Ye Qingyu’s neither overbearing and servile attitude, where he was justified and reasonable had won the recognition of some people.

Especially in this entire situation, his authoritative aura had won the respect of many people. Youyan Pass was a heavy military outpost and their attitude was extremely martial. There were many talented people with exceptional strength, but someone like Ye Qingyu who was so young was uncommon. To be so firm and to have such authority even when he did not fight was really rare in recent years.

Ye Qingyu greeted the surrounding people with a smile. “There’s nothing to see anymore, everyone can go.”

The crowd gradually dispersed.

Then Ye Qingyu turned around, heading to the doors of White Horse tower.

Mother Wu had her face filled with tears as she hugged her husband. With a light voice, she breathed out the name of her husband. Bai Yuanxing stood by the side helpless, not knowing what he should do.

Ye Qingyu bent down and a pure strand of yuan qi entered into the body of this man, protecting the meridians around his heart. Using a special method, he sealed away the pressure points of his shoulder, then slowly took out the metal hook in his shoulder little by little.

“Master, my husband he…” Mother Wu said anxiously.

Ye Qingyu had a faint smile. “Don’t worry. It’s only that his external injuries are somewhat heavy. After you return, find a doctor to take care of the wound and rest for a while. The problem should not be large.”

Mother Wu knelt on the ground with a bang, bowing constantly, “Thank you master, thank you master…”

“You are a person of White Horse tower. It is natural that I should protect you. Quickly get up,” Ye Qingyu said sincerely.

Bai Yuanxing quickly assisted Mother Wu up. The two people went to find a stretcher and brought the man within White Horse tower. After settling down, Bai Yuanxing, under Ye Qingyu’s instructions, went outside in search of a doctor. Mother Wu filled with gratefulness, went out with her shopping basket, saying that she needed to make something good for Ye Qingyu to eat…

Such a disturbance temporarily ended for the moment.

Ye Qingyu returned to the quiet room at the fourth floor of White Horse tower. Sitting on the prayer mat, he stared out through the window towards the outside.

He had finally returned.

The silly dog Little Nine happily crawled back to Ye Qingyu’s bed. Sensing the softness and familiar smell, he was very quickly snoring away.

Ye Qingyu’s heart was peaceful for once.

He once again thought back to the words that were said between him and the [Painting Saint] in the military council pavilion.

“The Empire has obtained the maps of the Explosive Snow Glacier, and also heavily injured Yan Buhui. This is an extremely crucial opportunity. Because of the betrayal of Yan Buhui in those years, the [Army of Youyan Pass] has always bided their time for all these years. Our military power is already surging to its peak, it’s time we retaliate. I believe that very quickly, a large scale war will begin. No matter whether it is the Imperial family of the Empire, [Army of Youyan Pass] or Lord Lu, they all want to break past the Explosive Snow Glacier in one strike, heading straight towards the Northern Plains of the Snow Ground Demon Court. Exterminating the Snow Ground Demon Court, and getting rid of the worry in the hearts of Snow Empire…”

“Battle is about to arrive. All the other preparations for battle, naturally has sped up its progress.”

“This time, you have been given a title, directly becoming a Marquis. Although I certainly supported this, a very large reason for your title was the need for propaganda prior to battle. The army of the Empire wanted to construct an image of a hero for everyone to aspire to. Therefore, the army has greatly advertised this, using it to raise morale and to incite the soldiers’ will to fight. You came from a common background and is also a inheritor of a heroic military badge. Sacrificing yourself, you made a great contribution. At such a crucial time, you are unquestionably the ideal candidate for their propaganda. Furthermore, because you were announced to be dead, bestowing the title of Marquis to a dead person would not touch upon the nerves of the noble factions. Therefore, they did not oppose this… As such, at such a time, you became the youngest Marquis in the history of the Empire.”

“But this time, they bestowed a title on you when you were dead. To have come back alive, you have created a hard problem for the army. Is this bestowal still in effect… Haha, I think that once the news that you have come back alive has been passed on the heads of the army must have a headache…”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

