Chapter 93:


Chapter 93 – Third Spirit Spring

Fundamentally, the [Blood of the Yuan Qi Giant] was consolidated from the purest yuan qi of Heaven and Earth within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. This was due to the fact that the body of the [Yuan Qi Giant] was originally made from the laws of yuan qi. Its blood did not contain any impurities at all, and after ingesting it into your body, it would transform into surging yuan qi. Even if it was just a tiny drop of [Blood of the Yuan Qi Giant], it could turn into a vast quantity of yuan qi, quickly restoring his body’s needs.

Ye Qingyu swallowed the drop of [Blood of the Yuan Qi Giant].

After the blood was in his stomach, he really could clearly feel a strong and chilly energy being activated. It flowed throughout his limbs and bones, nourishing every single area. Then it gushed like the rush of a large river, finally converging within his limbs and bones and ultimately entering the dantian world.

In a short amount of time, within the dantian desert world, the weather completely changed. Thunder and lightning erupted.

The yuan qi hurricane that had always remained above the third [Yuan Qi Kindling] abruptly transformed. As if it was being assigned its final task, it expended the last of its life energy. Like an enormous silver dragon, it bellowed and roared. From the air, it dove down, frantically rotating. In a moments time, it had already drilled past the surface layer of the desert, advancing rapidly towards the deeply buried [Yuan Qi Kindling].

“Success!”

Ye Qingyu was overjoyed.

When the yuan qi silver dragon impacted against the [Yuan Qi Kindling], it was as if the sky’s thunder had incited the fire under the earth. The earth exploded, the ground cracking apart. A clear yuan spring emerged in the rumbling, breaking out from the underground desert and soaring into the sky hundreds of meters high. Then it became rain and mist, full of vitality, spraying it everyone around the surroundings.

The Spirit spring had been excavated successfully.

The third Spirit spring had appeared.

Ye Qingyu’s power had taken yet another step forward towards the ultimate level.

“This time, the yuan qi of this Spirit spring is much more explosive and turbulent than the first and second Spring. From the very beginning, I have reached the full Spirit spring stage.” Ye Qingyu gradually opened his eyes, a satisfied smile appearing on his face. “It seems like the fighting and yuan qi rewards within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] has stockpiled to some extent. Preparations paved the way for success. I succeeded in one strike.”

He stood up. He could feel how the fluctuating yuan qi that was within body was like the violent swell of a river.

It was as if the world in front of his eyes had become ever clearer and more vibrant. After opening his eyes, he could see every minute detail within his room. Even if it was just a speck of dust on the table he was able to see the protrusion and cragginess of it. When he closed his eyes, it was as if he could hear the various formations of different colours functioning on the walls, yuan qi energy flowing through.

Ye Qingyu’s senses were at least three or four times more sensitive than before.

This was not the only change. When Ye Qingyu gradually moved his body he could clearly sense that after entering into the third Spirit spring stage, every inch of his body felt far more sensitive. As long as he concentrated slightly, he could clearly discern every tiny change occurring within his body.

When Ye Qingyu awakened within the pool of blood, he had vaguely felt that the toughness of his body, because of some mysterious reason, had multiplied several times over. This gave birth to a strange impression within him, as if his will could not keep up with the growth and development of his powerful body. He could not control his body as his heart willed because his consciousness and inner yuan were still far too weak, incapable of becoming compatible with his vigorous body.

After entering the third Spirit spring stage, such a feeling disappeared to a large extent.

As every Spirit spring was opened, for the martial artist, it was tantamount to a peaceful rebirth. There were many benefits apart from purely the growth in their inner yuan. Accordingly, the martial artist’s familiarity with their own body would also become clearer. The lifespan of this martial artist, his vitality, and various other functions of the body would also strengthen.

For a martial artist to cultivate, they needed time.

They needed a large amount of time.

Normally, for a person of the one Spirit spring stage to enter the second stage, with average talent, the students needed around two years of time. Little geniuses with exceptional talent, only needed approximately a year of time —–of course, noble youths with powerful family backgrounds such as Xia Houwu had always been nourished with Spirit herbs and pills, so he did not need a year to achieve this.

And Ye Qingyu, from someone with completely no foundations to the third Spirit spring stage had taken him less than half a year of time. This sort of cultivation speed could definitely shock the whole of society. Once this news was spread out, it would definitely cause a huge sensation with the end result that Ye Qingyu would be recognize as a peerless genius.

With Ye Qingyu’s present level of strength, he could directly enter the fourth year of White Deer Academy.

And even after entering the fourth year, such a strength could definitely be placed above average in the fourth year rankings.

But at this moment, Ye Qingyu was not preparing to do this.

Ye Qingyu began to have a new way of thinking.

Especially after experiencing the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], Ye Qingyu suddenly became disappointed in the entire White Deer Academy.

This was not simply because of the arrogance and despotic nobles, such as Qin Wushuang and Xia Houwu. It was also not only because of the fact that his strength was neither taught nor instructed by the teachers of the academy. The reason he was disappointed was because from the bodies of the noble elders, Ye Qingyu was able to smell a rich odour of rot and decay. He was able to understand that the White Deer Academy today was like a person about to die. The disease has already attacked the vitals and ingrained habits were hard to overcome. White Deer Academy had lost their heart to forge ahead. Like a putrid and rotten pond, it would be very difficult to give birth to a dragon in such an environment.

These days, everything had changed. From a great academy that had ranked in the upper rankings of the ten academies, from a holy martial place that had once nourished and raised countless experts of the country’s army, White Deer Academy had become the bottom of the ten academies. There was a reason for why the academy became a tool for the children of the noble families in the Deer Mountain Range that was used to bully others.

Ye Qingyu pondered and questioned himself. In such an academy, just what could he learn?

Even though he had regained some glory and dignity for the academy in the fourth round of the grand competition, turning around a desperate situation. But when he returned to the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion], there were several noble elders that made a deer out to be a horse, making things difficult to him. They wholeheartedly wanted him to lose his standing and fall from grace. Such a sinister intention, if he stayed for long within White Deer Academy, just what would his final ending be?

Both the old Dean and Wang Yan evidently favoured him, but they could only protect him for a period of time, could they protect him his entire life?

But if he left White Deer Academy, just where could he go?

Ye Qingyu at this time, felt slightly lost.

White Deer Academy was the entity that gave Ye Qingyu the opportunity to become a martial artist. But he did not feel that it was the best choice to continue in such a place.

Countless ideas flowed within his mind. Ye Qingyu found it difficult to make a choice.

In his hesitation, he slowly extended his arm. Within his palm, a bright light flickered, and the [Little Shang sword] appeared in this gentle glow within his hand. Like a throbbing pool of limpid autumn waters, the back of the sword was like the surface of a mirror, flickering with radiance shining onto Ye Qingyu’s face.

Compared to the time six months ago, after experiencing the trials and hardships, Ye Qingyu’s face had matured very much. His face seemed sharper, the pupil of his eyes like bright stars, eyebrow like swords, his hair cut apart and his nose suspended firmly. His entire figure emitted an aura of thin heroic spirit.

Ye Qingyu touched the [Little Shang sword] in his hand.

After retrieving this Spirit weapon from the Two River Group, Ye Qingyu had always kept this Spirit weapon submerged within his first Spirit spring. After receiving the nourishment of his yuan qi, the [Little Shang sword] appeared increasingly resplendent, without the slightest impurity, as if it was a pearl that was covered in dust finally being cleaned of its murkiness. The sword ultimately issued the luster that had always belonged to the weapon.

Feeling the energy within this weapon, Ye Qingyu could easily judge that the power of the [Little Shang sword] was at least four times greater than the [Inexorable spear].

Within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], despite encountering dangers several times, Ye Qingyu did not summon the [Little Shang sword] to not expose the existence of this Spirit weapon. One reason for this was because he did not train in any sword techniques. The other reason was that Ye Qingyu did not want to expose all the cards under his sleeve in front of all the higher ups of the academy and the elites of each year.

“I have to find a day to go to the public library of the fourth years, to see if there is a suitable sword technique for me.”

Ye Qingyu was eager to give it a try. The [Inexorable spear] had been crippled within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. Ye Qingyu felt this was a great pity. At the present time, the only weapon that he could utilize was the [Little Shang sword], so he had the intention to begin training in sword techniques.

As he pondered, within his dantian world, an abnormal change began happening.

The yuan qi waters within the third Spirit spring suddenly soared into the sky, transforming into a yuan qi silver dragon. Flowing throughout his limbs and bones, it ultimately converged towards Ye Qingyu’s brain. The speed was extremely quick and the process was not something Ye Qingyu could fundamentally control.

“It’s come again!”

Ye Qingyu did not panic.

In his two previous attempts where he succeeded in excavating a Spirit spring, the bronze book in his sea of consciousness, the [Fiendgod Titled Chart], would crazily absorb the yuan qi of that spring. After doing so, it would purify the yuan qi and return it back to him. Then, the seal of some sections of the book, would be unlocked. In this time yet again, not long after the third Spirit spring had been excavated, the same thing really occurred again.

Ye Qingyu stood where he was, activating the nameless breathing technique.

In the blink of an eye, the inner yuan in his body was crazily absorbed by the bronze book.

Ye Qingyu once again returned to a death-like state. His body withered away. His life force was about to snap, as if it was a candle in the wind, able to be extinguished at any moment. But it always maintained that tiniest thread of connection, close to indistinguishable. It was a very peculiar state of living death.

After a short while, the energy fluctuated within the bronze book.

A purified yuan qi to the extreme like the torrent of a mountain landslide rushed out from the book. Entering into Ye Qingyu’s body, it nourished the majority of the organs that had nearly been completely withered and consumed earlier. This type of method was similar to the body refining techniques where one trained to the extreme limits. Although this type of training was difficult to undergo, but the effect was exceptionally good.

Fifteen minutes later.

Ye Qingyu let out a comfortable and long exhalation.

Not only had the inner yuan in his body completely recovered, but the yuan qi was even purer and the flow was quicker. The compatibility with his body was also higher. Inner yuan could be directed wherever he wanted like it was his own arm. Practically, as long as he willed it, he could make the inner yuan do as his thoughts wished.

His will and the inner yuan was united down to the tiniest of details.

This was a level of control over their inner yuan that only people who excavated over twenty Springs should be able to achieve. But after several fortuitous encounters and the Bronze book, Ye Qingyu had already achieved this today.

After the repayment was over, the thing Ye Qingyu was looking forward to even more happened.

Every time the repayment was complete, part of the contents within the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] would be unsealed. The first time was the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King], the second was the [Sentry Guard]. And this was the third time, just what kind of new page would be unsealed?

“If it is a technique for the sword, then this is the best!”

Completely submerged by expectations, he summoned the bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

Misrepresenting a situation

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 94:


Chapter 94 – The [Four Moves of the Unmatched General]

The contents that would be unlocked within the bronze book, just what section would it be?

Ye Qingyu eagerly flicked through the pages.

The [Fiendgod Titled Chart] could be divided into three sections: [Titled Fiendgods], [Titled Divine Weapons] and [Titled Strange Objects]. According to Ye Qignyu’s previous experience, the only section that would display yuan qi battle techniques was the [Titled Fiendgods] part. Therefore, in his very first moment of opening the book, he immediately went to the [Titled Fiendgods] section in search for it.

The next instant, Ye Qingyu became excited.

The second row in the [Titled Fiendgods] index was no longer pale and dim. It was flickering with a faint glow, emitting an extremely disturbing dream-like colour and luster.

The section that was unlocked really was the [Titled Fiendgods].

What Ye Qingyu obtained the first time that this section was unsealed was the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King].

This time, just what sort of battle technique would it bring Ye Qingyu?

Ye Qingyu’s heart palpitated furiously. According to the unsealed index, he directly flipped to this page.

Sure enough as Ye Qingyu was expecting, on the page of the Bronze book there was a meticulous portrait of a figure depicted within. But this person was different from the awe inspiring presence of the golden armoured King. The portrait of this character was tall and sturdy, maroon short hair, with a determined and solemn expression. He was wearing a sky blue armour that could not be said to be grand. A broad double edged sword was stabbed into the ground, towering majestically. He was like a person charging and breaking through enemy lines, an unrivalled and unique fierce general.

Ye Qingyu’s gaze in the first instance landed on the broad double edged sword!

Sword!

It really was a sword!

The weapon of this [Titled Fiendgod] was a sword, then did this represent that the battle technique he could obtain this time was likely to be a sword manual?

In an expectant mood, Ye Qingyu inserted yuan qi following the pattern within the page of the Bronze book.

A sky blue brilliant radiance instantly shimmered from the page.

The person on the page abruptly began moving.

“Follow my lead and charge forward!”

Indistinctly, a resolute and imposing shout sounded from next to Ye Qingyu’s ear

It was the same as the first time when the illusion of the golden armoured King had rushed out from the page. This Unmatched General plucked out the broad sword stabbed into the ground and held it with both hands, leaning the sword against the left of his chest. He took a step out, instantly charging out of the page and appearing in front of Ye Qingyu, then halting abruptly. Around his entire figure were flickers of green light. A strange green pattern moved and fluctuated according to these bizarre lights.

An extremely strong life force surged around the projection of this person.

Ye Qingyu opened his eyes wide to carefully observe.

He knew, that this Unmatched General was about to demonstrate his sword techniques.

As expected, after a short pause, both eyes of this General suddenly opened, radiance glimmering from within. He was about to make his move.

“[Soul Stealing Heaven Strike]!”

The light in the exceptional general’s eyes exploded and overflowed.

He shouted loudly, still holding his sword with both hands, his body not moving yet. But very quickly, something abnormal began to happen. The sword was raised high up and between the sword handle and the hands, there was an explosive golden radiance. As if some strange technique was being activated, this golden light pierced from his eyes, and with the sword raised high up, he charged forward.

Ye Qingyu felt his vision blurring.

He suddenly saw the originally still and calm figure of the General springing into motion. From still to striking out, he did so at such a quick speed that it was unbelievable. His entire person was like a streak of light, unfathomably stepping over a distance of space, the gale from the sword strike chopping down.

A fantastic sword will exploded, dispersing throughout.

This sword strike on the surface seemed ordinary and mediocre, but within this simple strike, there were some hard to understand meanings within that Ye Qingyu could not comprehend at this time. He could vaguely feel that this sword strike was not as simple as it first seemed.

“[Brave the Whole World]!”

The Unmatched General loudly shouted again, the second technique being shown.

This time his body did not move.

A golden sword qi emitted from his body. Sword qi after sword qi were like golden snakes dancing and moving according to the formation pattern. In the time of a spark, there were three golden shields fluctuating and moving around his body. As if they were divine shields, they protected him within.

“This technique, the sword qi has transformed into a golden shield… this really is a rare change from normal!”

Ye Qingyu somewhat comprehended this.

The Unmatched General shouted yet again.

He held the broad sword and struck sideways horizontally. At the same time, his body began rotating violently, becoming a revolving whirlwind in an instant. The sword began whistling like a strong wind, his entire person becoming a [Storm of Swords]. Densely packed sword shadows struck out in all directions, endlessly, the naked sword flickering.

And at the last moment, there were only the swords in the air. One could no longer see the figure of the body.

“An extremely strong crowd fighting technique.”

Ye Qingyu could not help but swallow a mouthful of saliva.

The third technique was evidently a move for fighting against a number of people.

This type of attack did not distinguish between the enemies. One man and one sword, transformed into an unblockable sword tornado. Everywhere it passed, everything was mercilessly sliced apart. One could imagine, if it was utilized in a true battlefield, such a technique was absolutely the nightmare of the opposing army.

Such a technique, even if used in single battle, possessed a destructive power.

“[Judgement of the Sword]!”

After the general finished exhibiting the third move, he instantly demonstrated the fourth.

Both hands holding the sword, he abruptly stilled. In his eyes, there was a divine resplendent light. Gripping the sword hilt, he suddenly stabbed half the sword in to the ground, blossoming with a golden dazzling light.

Everything suddenly stopped.

There was a strange silence.

It was as if nothing had happened.

Or as if an omen that the most frightening thing was about to occur.

When Ye Qingyu was feeling slightly confused, in an instant, within the air, the sword screamed. The next instant, one was able to see that thousands upon tens of thousands of sword light was gathering, transforming into an incomparably large divine golden sword. It descended from midair, exploding with a thud into the endless earth. In a moments time, the Earth broke apart, the golden light of the sword covering the sky and hiding the earth. Everything within a thousand meters was annihilated by this suddenly descending Divine weapon.

It was as if a sword God had given his judgement from the heavens. For mortals it would not be possible for them to evade or block.

Ye Qingyu was completely dazed.

“[Judgement of the Sword]? This technique is really the ultimate judgement from the sword path!”

Ye Qingyu was unable to contain his joy after seeing this.

And at this time, the peerless general retrieved the sword stabbed in the ground. Both hands holding on to the sword handle, he gradually returned to his original stance.

The wind rustled his short maroon hair. His entire person radiated with an incomparable solemnness and bravery. His tall and sturdy figure was stable like a boulder. A man and his sword alone was superior to a magnificent army with thousands of horses and soldiers. As if he was a returning general that always won, he stared far off into the distance. There was an indescribable feeling of justice and courage emitting from him. It could not help but make people admire him.

Blue and gold light rays circulated.

The projection of the Unmatched General gradually faded, turning into radiance and returning back into the Bronze book.

The sword techniques had been fully demonstrated.

It was the same as the golden armoured King, there were still only four moves.

Ye Qingyu was intoxicated.

The killing sword techniques of this Unmatched General only had four moves that seemed simple. But every move contained profound essences and power, every move was as if it was the combination of the essences of countless sword techniques. As the saying goes, ‘the heavy sword has no sharp edges, but was still skillfully made’. The four techniques did not seem exquisite at all, but was extremely practical.

Although Ye Qingyu had not trained in it yet, but only through seeing it once, he sensed that the four techniques of this Unmatched General were different methods leading to the same result. Similar to the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King]— if the four moves were ingeniously combined together, the power of it together would far exceed that of the solo techniques.

Such a destructive sword technique really made Ye Qingyu too satisfied.

Ye Qingyu could not wait to enter with his consciousness into this page of the Bronze book. He gradually entered the state of blankness and forgetting himself. Doing his utmost, he began comprehending the secrets behind the four techniques of the Unmatched General.

The same as last time, just as his consciousness entered into the Bronze book, there was inexplicably information regarding these sword techniques that sprung into his mind. The tips and secrets behind these second set of four techniques, everything regarding it appeared within Ye Qingyu’s thoughts, as if he had seen them tens of thousands of times before.

“The four techniques of the Unmatched General needs a method for the inner yuan to activate for it to work….”

“So before the Unmatched General performs these four moves there will be green lights around his body following a strange pattern. This is not disordered and without mess, it was a close and intimate method for training in the way of the sword. Not only can it be used to activate these four techniques, but it can also allow the wounds of the person training in this to recover faster. Once the battle is finished, under such a method, the recovery rate of the person who trained in this technique will definitely be faster than his opponent many times over!”

“Really, the four sword techniques are not as simple as it first seems. Especially the first move, [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike], if it manages to hit the opponent it can temporarily freeze the inner yuan of the opponent. This will cause them to be unable to use their own yuan qi battle techniques… The temporary freezing of their yuan qi, in a match between experts, can decide the victor and loser in an instant!”

Vast training information and the power of the battle techniques appeared in Ye Qingyu’s mind

He pondered over them in detail.

Time, in Ye Qingyu’s cultivation state where he forgot himself, flowed past quickly.

In the blink of an eye, three days had passed.

……

Zi-ya!

Ye Qingyu opened the door of his courtyard, walking out.

He had isolated himself in training for four days already with great results. Now, he had finally ended this period of solitary training and left the confines of his room. Breathing in deep breaths of icy but fresh air, it made him instantly feel reinvigorated.

“Eh? It’s going to snow?”

Gloomy clouds still covered the sky with the sun unable to be seen.

Ye Qingyu could feel a coldness at the back of his hand. When he closely examined, he discovered that it was a snowflake falling down.

Was this the first snow of the winter season?

Ye Qingyu let out a long sigh.

His mood suddenly became the same as the clouds in the sky, gloomy.

The winter season of the Deer Mountain Range was both cold and long. Every year, the winter season was the most difficult season for the poor commoners. A snow would continue on for at least tens of days, the cold and hunger taking away the life of countless people. After entering the winter period, the security and stability of Deer City would become much worse and chaotic. Everywhere, there would be fighting and killing occurring. Many people pushed to the edges by the cold and, under the threat of their death, became crazy and mad. In such a time, even if there was a stale bun, it could incite a fight at any time that would reap away the lives of over tens of people.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 95:


Chapter 95 – The Change Within the City

Before Ye Qingyu had even entered White Deer Academy, he had always disliked the winter.

The noble youths could wear warm soft furs and have snowball fights on the snow covered earth, enjoying the joys of childhood on winter days. But children of the poor, in such a season, faced a test of life and death.

Ye Qingyu had also once been beset by hunger and cold.

He had seen with his own eyes that his little friends that he had made during the summer, in the long lasting winter day becoming icy corpses because of the cold and hunger and the ensuing fighting. All their dreams and visions for the future were mercilessly buried along with their icy corpse within this field of white snow.

In these long four years of time, Ye Qingyu also did not have it easy. Losing the protection of his parents and being deserted by everyone close to him, Ye Qingyu also passed by this winter season with terrible difficulty. If not for the nameless breathing technique that his father had left behind allowing Ye Qingyu to withstand the icy cold, he would have long froze to death. Further to this, he became someone possessing herculean strength, with very little people willing to incite him. If not for this, it was likely that Ye Qingyu would become similar to many poor little children, dying in this long winter.

Even if Ye Qingyu had finally became a student of White Deer Academy, possessing an even greater strength and could escape from the suffering of this long lasting winter, he still hated the winter.

“Because the winter season… is a season of death!”

Ye Qingyu sighed with sorrow.

Within five minutes of time, the snowflakes in the air that were floating down became more and more, larger and larger. Very quickly, this chaotic white began to shroud the Earth. Every scenery near and far was as if it was covered by a layer of white moonlight, an indescribable chill in the air.

Ye Qingyu suddenly wanted to return to the Ye mansion to have a look.

He did not know if Qin Lan, Tang San and the others had prepared well for this long lasting winter.

After having such an intention, he did not tarry any longer.

After going to the second year administration area for a leave of absence, he headed straight outside of White Deer Academy.

As he passed by the first year area, Ye Qingyu went in search of Wang Yan again, wanting to enquire about the matters about the little loli Song Xiaojun. But there was still nothing to be gained. After the last round between the two academies had ended, four days had already passed. As expected, within the fifth and final round, White Deer Academy completely and utterly lost. The Azure Phoenix people who had lost in the fourth round released all their rage and anger in the final round of the grand competition. White Deer Academy lost tragically, not even able to obtain a single kill.

And from that day onwards, the head teacher of the first year Wang Yan did not appear within the academy again.

Ye Qingyu asked several first year teachers that could be counted as familiar, but the teachers still did not know where Wang Yan was nor how to contact her. And as for the matters regarding Song Xiaojun, after asking several people, he still did not find out anything.

In such a situation, worry began to sprout from Ye Qingyu’s heart.

As he was turning things over in his mind, he came to the gate of White Deer Academy. As he handed over his absent nameplate, after confirming and walking outside of the gate, a person slowly walked towards him. If it was not the head teacher of the first year Wang Yan, who else could it be?

Ye Qingyu did not expect that he would bump into Wang Yan in such a location.

This was really travelling far and wide to look for something, but finding it simply in the end.

Within the snowy wind, this head teacher of the first year seemed to be in a haste. Smoke and dust covered her body.

Her face was somewhat pale and pallid, making Ye Qingyu become curious.

With Wang Yan’s strength, she had long reached the stage where dust could not come near her. Not to mention White Deer Academy, even if in the entire Deer City, her strength was enough to rank in the top ten. She was an absolute expert, her inner yuan deep and profound, vigorous vitality and a bubbling bloodline. Even if she continuously battled for ten days and ten nights, she would not display any signs of tiredness. But in this short five days of time, she had obviously become tired and drained. Just what had occurred?

At the same time, Wang Yan also suddenly saw Ye Qingyu.

But she only exchanged a glance, and brushed past his shoulder.

Ye Qingyu was about to turn around and say something, when he heard Wang Yan’s voice clearly sounding beside his ear, “I know what you want to ask. Xiaojun is fine, it’s just that a little condition has appeared within her body. In the near future, something big is going to happen within the city. Remember, no matter what happens, you must remain outside from this and not get involved… if you want to see the little loli, then three days later, come to the [Mist Residence] in the southern district.”

Secret sound transfer.

Using a vast inner yuan and following a secret formation method, it allowed one to compress their voice into a straight line. This could be controlled freely and could be sent to enter in someone’s ear, with the people beside the target none the wiser— this was only something that experts with great inner yuan could do. At the very least, with Ye Qingyu’s current three Spirit springs, it was not something he could achieve.

As the voice finished speaking, Wang Yan had already disappeared within the entrance of the academy.

In the vast and obscure snowy wind, her shadow was gone.

Ye Qingyu paused slightly, but did not turn back in the end. Not displaying any signs of abnormality, his footsteps did not stop but continued onwards within the snowy wind, heading to the Northern city district. His body covered in a snowy layer, he was no different from the other people walking in the streets.

But in reality, in his heart, he was completely shaken.

Wang Yan’s words were short, but it exposed a tremendous amount of information. Firstly, she seemed to be under the surveillance of some sort of faction so she could not stop and speak with him. And a problem had occurred on the little loli’s body so that was the reason she did not appear in these past days. And lastly, Wang Yan said that there would very quickly be something big going on….

This seemed to be the most important piece of information.

What kind of major event?

That even Wang Yan would be afraid of the consequences?

Ye Qingyu’s heart was full of questions, but he did not say anything at all and arrived at the Ye mansion within the Northern district.

Very quickly, the servants passed on the message that he had arrived. By the time Ye Qingyu had reached the anteroom, Qin Lan and Little Grass, with faces filled with joy, were there to welcome him. Their complexions compared to what they were like previously was so much better, the entire atmosphere in the mansion especially cheerful and light hearted.

“Brother Qingyu, you’ve returned. Little Grass has missed you.”

The little girl came bounding into Ye Qingyu’s embrace.

Ye Qingyu intimately patted the forehead of the little girl. With a laugh. “Haha, our little princess is becoming more and more beautiful. But why have you not gone to the [Taoxuan Pavilion] to practice martial arts? Has Little Grass been slacking off?”

“I haven’t. The masters have complimented me on my talent with rapid advancement. Today I have specially asked for an absence from the masters, to come and celebrate mother’s birthday.” Little Grass stuck out her tongue and said laughingly, “Brother Qingyu, you must have come back here specially to come and pass mother’s birthday with her, isn’t that right? Hehe, where’s your birthday present?”

Ye Qingyu was taken back and suddenly realized that today was Qin Lan’s birthday.

“That’s enough Little Grass, don’t annoy your brother Qingyu. You are a big girl now, you should be a little more ladylike…” A blessed smile was on Qin Lan’s face. In these days, even in her dreams she would smile. Her life had completely turned on its head. Seeing that Little Grass could live on carefree and without troubles, as a mother, this made her happier than anything else.

After entering the main hall and speaking a few words, a person arriving from outside could be heard.

It was the head supervisor Tang San. He had returned.

“Young master, you’ve returned,” Tang San said laughingly and paying his respects. “I was at the [Lianfeng Smithery] taking stock, when Qin Lan sent people to find me, saying old man Ye have returned, I was hurrying to come back…”

Ye Qingyu gave this person a light kick. “What old man Ye? I’m only fourteen years old, you say it like I’m seventy or eighty. You little kid, your mouth is becoming more and more slippery. It seems like I have to consider carefully, whether my decision to make you the head supervisor was correct.”

Tang San quickly had an expression of someone begging for forgiveness. “Young master, I was wrong.”

Everyone in the main hall began laughing.

In these days, everyone began to understand Tang San’s personality. Apart from having a slippery mouth, his character was extremely good. The way he did things was fair and serious, with definite ideas. He was someone with ability.

After the incident in [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant], all the properties such as [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant], [Taoxuan Pavilion], [Lianfeng Smithery], and [Murong Shop] once again returned to the Ye family. There were over a thousand things to do. Even a well experienced supervisor needed to spend an immense amount of effort to put everything back into business. Tang San was only a young man, without much previous experience. But after withstanding several days without sleep, he could be said to have settled everything down correctly.

In reality, only someone like Ye Qingyu who took an off-hand approach in managing things would be so ridiculous as to give the right to handle every matter to someone like Tang San with zero experience. If it was another person, they would definitely spend a large amount of money to recruit an old person with rich experiences to handle such matters.

Tang San was an extremely determined youth with ambition.

He knew such an opportunity did not come easily. In these days, he nearly did not rest or sleep. Every day he would only take a break for a short amount of time, with the rest of his time dedicated to rushing about between these properties. After expending a great deal of mental and physical effort, he finally mange to put everything back into shape. Today, he was just checking the stock of [Lianfeng Smithery] distinguishing between the old stock and the bad stock. Then, Qin Lan had sent people to tell him that Ye Qingyu had returned.

“Young master, the book of accounts is here. Last time, this account was not complete. But this time, I have managed to sort everything properly. There is the list of employees of the different businesses and I’ve also marked down the places that needs your personal directions…” After joking around, Tang San became serious.

Ye Qingyu had a headache once again.

“Eh, in future, you don’t need to report such things to me.” Ye Qingyu massaged his head, distressed. After pausing, he said again, “In the areas that you need my instructions, just pass it to Aunt Lan, or you could even give it to Little Grass to have a look.”

Tang San had an even greater headache. “This…”

“Fine, fine, let’s not speak about this. Today is Aunt Lan’s birthday, we should celebrate well.” Ye Qingyu waved his hand, very quickly diverting the subject. “Speaking about this, this is my first time celebrating Aunt Lan’s birthday, I must treat it importantly. Little San, do you have any good ideas?”

Tang San began to beam with joy. “Originally, I wanted to arrange this matter in a grand fashion. But Aunt Lan did not allow it, saying that the matters in the mansion had just settled down and that young master was still studying at White Deer Academy with a large expenditure. She wanted to restrict our spending and did not allow us to make a fuss over this. But since young master has spoken then rest assured, Little San I will definitely handle this matter beautifully.”

Qin Lan said in a rush, “Xiaoyu, I really don’t need it. The mansion has only just stabilized…”

Ye Qingyu waved his hands. “Don’t refuse it anymore. It is namely because our mansion has just stabilized that we need such a joyful event to allow everyone to relax. I think that for the entire Ye mansion, this is a good thing… Haha, listen to me, this matter is settled.”

“Wooooo, brother Xiaoyu is the best.” Little Grass hopped up and down in joy.

Qin Lan could not say anything more, and could only stand by the side and constantly pester Tang San to not spend too much.

There was an excited smile on Ye Qingyu’s face.

Perhaps this was one of the reasons that he had suddenly wished to return to the Ye mansion. Only here could he experience and sense the care of a family. Only here could he experience that warm affection. For the Ye Qingyu where both his parents had died, such an experience was far too rare for him.

Tang San rushed out with a smile to take care of matters.

And at this time, suddenly, a clap of thunder sounded from outside the main hall. Silver radiance brightened the entire Deer City, and the gloomy clouds instantly disappeared. An indescribable energy undulated and engulfed the space between Heaven and Earth.

Then, the Ye family mansion began quaking and shaking.

“What’s happening? Could it be the Earth dragon turning over?”

“Quickly go to the courtyard, this building is about to collapse…”

Everyone had pale faces. The main hall began violently shaking. Tiles began falling and cracks appeared on a pillar to the west.

In the first instant, Ye Qingyu transformed into a shadow, his inner yuan activated. Everyone in the main hall, including Qin Lan, Little Grass, and several dumbfounded female servants were brought outside by him.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 96:


Chapter 96 – The Female Sword Immortal, Wang Jianru

Within the courtyard, everyone was still in a panicked state.

The violent shaking of the ground stopped. In reality, that fierce vibration had only lasted for a second.

“Just what is happening?” Qin Lan embraced Little Grass. This was her first time seeing such a great commotion. Many people were affected and frightened by this, rushing out from their rooms. There was an old servant that had managed to fall and break his scalp in his panic. Apart from this, there were not any other major injuries.

Everyone was still in a panicked state.

Ye Qingyu lifted his head to look at the sky, his gaze becoming serious.

It was not an earthquake.

Nor was it the wrath of the Heavens.

Within the air, there were martial experts fighting.

In the gloomy air, black clouds roiled, as if the galaxy had flipped around. It nearly enveloped the entire Deer City below. Within the black clouds, there were streaks after streaks of silver lightning constantly piercing the cloud layer. Terrifying yuan qi turbulence roiled through the world. The black clouds surged like the layer of the sea, with an indescribable terror and strangeness.

They could only see the aura but not the people.

They were true experts of the martial way.

Under the activation of their inner yuan, through their will, they could hide the skies and cover the earth, flipping the heavens and trampling on the oceans. They were like gods.

Boom!

The sound like the collapse of a mountain sounded in the air.

Within Deer City, many people felt as if a fierce steel hammer was struck next to their ears. The vibration caused blood to leak from their nose and mouth, the horrifying sound waves as if they were physical objects. Transparent patterns emanated throughout the air, destroying all.

Ye Qingyu’s heart madly pulsated as he watched.

A frightening power.

Even though Deer City was within the borders of Snow Country it could at least be counted as a city important for military affairs. There was a five thousand strong army of the Snow Country’s elite, and within the different areas of the city there were the reinforcement of formations. Although it could not be said to be as protected as a wall made of metal and surrounded by a moat of boiling water*, it was at least highly defended. It had always been forbidden for martial experts to fly above Deer City.

But at this time, both parties that were in the midst of battle in the air not only flew above Deer City, but also fought and struck out. The ripples from the battle nearly enveloped the entire Deer City. In some places within the city, cracks had begun to appear and buildings started to collapse.

What kind of person would be so uncaring about the consequences?

The reason that the Ye mansion was shuddering and the buildings were beginning to fracture, was due to the energy waves from the two fighting within the air. Thankfully they only exchanged blows for a short instant, or else there would be injuries and death that would be hard to control within the mansion.

At this time, everyone within Deer City looked above in the skies in shock and fear.

In the mansions of some noble families, the structures already began to emit different colours of light. Like a forcefield covering these different mansions, it prevented the terrifying energy ripples from spreading past this barrier— this was a sign that their rune formations had activated.

In the direction of White Deer Academy, there were dazzling multi-coloured light beams, every one of them tens of meter wide. At the same time, from different directions around the academy, these beams soared from the different structures as if they were madly dancing dragons in the air. Entwining together, it combined together hundreds of meter high into a light shield, protecting the entire White Deer Academy within.

Sacred formation protection!

This was the strongest formation that White Deer Academy possessed. From the beginning of the academy, this was created by the Gongfong* Organization of the royal family. In these sixty years since it was placed, it had undergone countless renovations and changes. It had gone through four or five generations of formation geniuses that the academy had cultivated themselves, reinforcements and improvements constantly being made. This was a formation that was the consolidated efforts of countless people. It was said that it could directly withstand the full power strike of someone of the Bitter Sea stage and above.

“Don’t run everywhere. Gather together within the courtyard, don’t panic!”

Ye Qingyu used the brass heroic badge to activate the formation protection of the Ye mansion— of course, this only reinforced the structure of the buildings. It did not have a similar effect as the noble families, with energy forcefield formations surrounding them.

After arranging everything, Ye Qingyu’s figure flashed, jumping directly on the highest roof of the entire mansion.

After seeing the reactions of White Deer Academy, Ye Qingyu realized that the situation was even more serious than he had imagined.

After jumping higher, he discovered that in the Northern military barracks, there were rays after rays of yuan qi light soaring in the sky. Similar to fire beacons lingering in the air, the scarlet red covered the entire military barracks. Evidently the experts within the army had also released their own power and the formation of the army had begun to activate.

The factions within the city were as if they were facing a great enemy.

“Just what has happened?”

Ye Qingyu was completely confused.

Vaguely, he suddenly thought back to the words of Wang Yan. That there would be big things that were going to happen within the city… could it be that this was what she meant? The two parties that were fighting, just who were they? Even the different factions within the city only defended, why did they not come out and stop this battle?

Xiu!

Within the air, a ray of sword light shone.

Ye Qingyu’s eyes burned with a radiance in this moment, his entire consciousness submerged into this sword light.

A hard to describe sword.

A sword that could seize Heaven and Earth.

A sword that exceeded the thoughts of countless people of the martial path.

He could only see the roiling black clouds, as if they were paper thin, be destroyed by this terrifying sword strike that could cut apart Heaven and Earth. It sliced apart these clouds directly through the middle, then like a whale absorbing water, the black clouds completely dispersed.

At this moment, countless people had a sensation—

As if the sky itself was sliced apart by this sword strike.

The cloud layers disappeared.

The snow had all fallen.

The originally inky black sky suddenly became clear. They were a dazzling blue from the entire sky, not even a shred of a cloud left to be seen. The golden colour of the sun shone from the flat line in the west, raising the temperature of the coldness of these past days in Deer City. It was as if spring had returned.

The battle temporarily ended.

“Wang Jianru, you’ve really managed to master the [Splitting Heaven sword will]” an incomparably shocked voice sounded out from a black ray of light, reverberating through the city. “Haha, but this time you can’t manage to kill me. I will return, I won’t just give up. The girl of darkness has already appeared in Deer City, her blood has been awakened. No one can block us, what does it matter if we slaughter the entire Deer City? Hahaha!”

Before he had finished.

The black ray of light disappeared in the South west direction.

But this arrogant and domineering voice, as if it was the clap of thunder, reverberated throughout the skies, not fading for a long time.

The terrifying ripples left by this battle still fluctuated within the skies. As if it was a heavy ancient mountain, it pressed down, stifling the hearts of everyone. Even if it was a normal person who did not practice the martial way, they felt their breathing becoming difficult. A suffocating sensation that caused the hearts to fill with fear.

Ye Qingyu still looked up at the skies.

Not only Ye Qingyu. In this instant, countless martial experts were still staring into the sky.

Because with the skies, there was one person with long hair and caressing a sword floating in the air.

A woman.

A woman wearing a mask.

Her black-coloured long hair flowed with the wind. Her silver mask was like flowing quicksilver on her face. She had a palace white long dress. Lowering her head, her left hand dainty like jade, she lightly held the long sword in her hand that was shining with light. As if she was thinking of something, or as if she was remembering something. As if she was a mysterious lone fairy.

The wind blew past.

The dress moved but the person did not. An indescribable elegance.

This female immortal was one of the parties of that great battle. She was the person that ultimately sliced apart the roiling black clouds.

His mind flickered with the images of that battle that shook the heavens. Ye Qingyu’s heart was filled with shock but also a hard to suppress excitement. There was an inexpressible stimulation given to Ye Qingyu by this fight, as if it was a battle between deities and devils. He swore silently that there would be a day when he would also reach such a level.

The next instant—

The space in the skies seemed to distort slightly, then everything returned to normal.

The female immortal, Wang Jianru’s figure disappeared, nowhere to be seen.

The battle that had shaken the entire Deer City, that had made every faction feel as if they were facing a great enemy, ended just like that.

Ye Qingyu looked around everywhere before jumping back down. He could see that the radiance from all directions had disappeared, the different formations having stop functioning. Looking in the direction of the Northern military leader, he could see that the beacon-like lights were dispersing, the army formation also stopping…

The atmosphere of hostility gradually faded.

From the surface ,it was as if everything within White Deer City had become peaceful again.

But Ye Qingyu was clear in his heart that the waves caused by this battle had just begun.

The white-dressed Wang Jianru, just who was she?

And the person who had lost, that black ray of light, just who was he?

Before leaving, the black ray of light had revealed too much information. This was a heavy information that was enough to shake the entire Deer Mountain Range.

Question after question was asked in Ye Qingyu’s heart. Jumping down from the roof, he returned to the mansion.

“Little Yu…” Qin Lan and the others looked at Ye Qingyu nervously.

Ye Qingyu gave them a smile. “It’s nothing, it’s only a struggle between the great people, it has nothing to do with us. Everyone has no need to worry, just go back to what you were doing. Today I have to celebrate Aunt Lan’s birthday, everyone quickly go prepare. Even if the sky falls down, there will be people taller than us to support it. There are over a hundred noble families within the city with an army numbering over the thousands. If someone dares to cause trouble within the city, they will definitely be slaughtered by the army.”

The servants quickly dispersed, rushing to prepare the birthday feast.

After speaking with Qin Lan and Little Grass, Ye Qingyu returned to his own little courtyard and began training.

The nameless breathing technique was Ye Qingyu’s homework that could not be budged.

Nourishing his own body, absorbing yuan qi of Heaven and Earth, nurturing the three Spirit springs within his desert world was the most fundamental method of the martial way.

Practicing techniques but not training your foundation was something extremely ill advised. In the end, all would become futile.

No matter how great the battle technique, it needed the foundation of a strong inner yuan.

Without a strong inner yuan, even if a divine battle technique was in front of you, it was only the reflection of the moon on water.

Ye Qingyu once again entered into a familiar state.

And at this time, the silly dog Big Head had awakened. Wriggling from Ye Qingyu’s embrace and seeing that Ye Qingyu was training, he did not disturb him. He began inspecting the little courtyard, sniffing and smelling every little thing. Who knows what he was looking for, he seemed curious about everything… *term for talented people that organizations liked to keep around

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

