Chapter 1073:


Chapter 1088, The Empress chamber

The dark aura in the Dragon cave gradually dissipated away.

The dark soul of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor had been sealed, the formation present could no longer function, as a result those Dragon Human Race skeletons that had crawled out of the grave and were no longer suppressed by the [Cloud Top Cauldron], also went still and lifeless, and lost consciousness. The eyes of the four remaining Dragon Human Emperor corpses were flashing red, but they did not charge over again.

The white Bone Dragon Bloodworm Puppet roared excitedly, absorbing the dark aura in the air in big mouthfuls. This power, to it, was like nutrients. It was born with the ability to devour and assimilate, and did not have to worry about being affected by the dark forces.

Ye Qingyu appeared beside the Dragon Human Emperor.

“Your Majesty doesn’t look too good,” Ye Qingyu said, taking out a Deathlike Pill, “Take this pill, it will relieve your symptoms.”

“Thank you Mister Ye Qingyu.” The Dragon Human Emperor did not hesitate to take the pill, and immediately a gush of heat began circulating around his body, powerful life force spread out and poured into his bones and limbs. Although unable to move his body, he could still clearly feel that his body was rapidly improving.

“Your Majesty is too polite.” Ye Qingyu smiled.

The Deathlike Pillwas precious, but was still just an object. After this battle, he and the Dragon Human Emperor had become allies, and only a living ally can bring out his real value. Moreover, after this battle, Ye Qingyu could already tell that the current Dragon Human Emperor was indeed a hero, and even if it was only for this battle he was worthy of a Deathlike pill.

Ye Qingyu swept his gaze across the Dragon cave and noticed the four ancient Dragon Human Emperor corpses. After a thought he directly stored them into the [Cloud Top Cauldron], sealing them together. These ancient corpses had been refined using a secret dark method and it was impossible to remove this dark force; therefore, they would only become a calamity later on if left alone.

The current Dragon Human Emperor recounted what happened during the battle.

Ye Qingyu was inwardly shocked when he heard this.

It turned out that there were so many secrets in the death of the Supreme Emperor. He was convinced by the heroic courage and lofty quality of the imperial family of the Dragon Human Race, and in order to fight against darkness, did not hesitate to sever the imperial bloodline. The eight Emperors of the Dragon Human Race had, at the risk of their life and soul, fought against the demons. It was impossible to make such a choice if they were not heroic.

The Dragon Human Race deserved to be called a great race that had once dazzled the Vast Thousand Domains.

Ye Qingyu operated a secret formation to completely remove the remains of the dark formations in the Dragon cave and to speed up the dissipation of the dark force.

The white Bone Dragon Puppet Bloodworm followed behind Ye Qingyu, like a little beast looking forward to food.

Ye Qingyu knew what it wanted——

The dark spirit of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor.

Once the Puppet Bloodworm swallowed the dark soul of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, then its power, cultivation base, insight and experience, would skyrocket. But to what extent, even Ye Qingyu did not know. It may even leap to become a half-step Quasi-emperor.

Ye Qingyu, after a thought, generously took out a little dark spirit of energy to feed to the Puppet Bloodworm.

The dark spirit of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor was so great that, if he were to feed to the Puppet Bloodworm all at once, then it would most likely be the one being swallowed up.

Slowly, Ye Qingyu hoped that after devouring all the spirit of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, the Puppet Bloodworm would digest the memory and information and find out why the dark creature had to kill Ren Puyang at all costs. It was clear that it did not simply want to kill him and make the Human Race plunge into chaos. There was definitely a deeper reason.

Ye Qingyu already had a plan in mind.

After the matters of the Dragon Human Race was finished, he planned to take a trip back to Heaven Wasteland Domain, then immediately rush to the dark domain, to clarify the matters regarding the Phoenix Race and the Unmoving City of Darkness.

Ye Qingyu had a hunch that all his puzzlement, the origin of the dark creatures, as well as even the mysteries of his parents, would be revealed in the dark domain.

……

……

The palace of the Dragon Human Race.

Zhou Yuexin was anxiously pacing back and forth.

The little dragon girl was worried about Ye Qingyu.

The mausoleum of the Dragon Human Race was where many important people of the Dragon Human Race were buried. It could be said to be a world of the dead, there were big secrets, and also great dangers.

On the other hand, the bodyguard commander was extremely calm and quiet.

But inwardly he was also extremely anxious.

As a trusted aide of the Dragon Human Emperor, he knew that he was the only one who knew about today's operation besides the Dragon Human Emperor and the other six experts of the Dragon Human Race. If anything were to happen to the Dragon Human Emperor, if he were unable to get out of the mausoleum, then he really had to follow the previous plan discussed. He had to quietly take the Prince, Princess, as well as the important heirs to the Dragon Tooth Army.

Once that happens, the disaster of the Dragon Human Race really would be coming.

Most likely, from then on, the Dragon Human Domain would be reduced to a dark area, becoming an outpost station for the dark domain to enter into the Vast Thousand Domains.

As a bodyguard who had guarded the Dragon Human Race palace for hundreds of years, he really did not want to see such a situation.

Time passed by.

It had already been three hours since the Dragon Human Emperor entered the dragon tomb.

Several batches of ministers had come to ask to see the Emperor, but were all sent away by the bodyguard commander under different excuses.

He wore an anxious expression.

Suddenly, a voice travel into his ear. The bodyguard commander’s face lit up at once.

“Your Majesty and the others are back, we should hurry over to see them.”

Overjoyed, he came to the emperor's hall with Zhou Yuexin.

As expected, he saw the figure of Ye Qingyu and the Dragon Human Emperor coming out of the secret passage under the dragon throne.

Rumble!

The dragon throne slowly closed up, sealing the Dragon cave.

“Your Majesty!”

“Mister!”

The two gave a surprise cheer.

“Your Majesty, Lord Lin and the others...” the bodyguard commander asked subconsciously when he saw that the other six experts did not show up. Most of all, one of them was his father. Worried, he could not help asking them on the spot.

The Dragon Human Emperor sighed. “Lord Lin and the others fought to the death, and are now sleeping in the dragon mausoleum.”

The bodyguard commander gave an extremely mournful sigh upon hearing this.

“Fortunately, with Mister Ye Qingyu's help in this battle we have finally ploughed up the enemy's court and completely eradicated the problem that had troubled my Dragon Human Race for more than hundreds of years. Although we suffered a heavy loss, we finally see light. I have already formed an alliance with Mister Ye Qingyu, and with the help of Heaven Wasteland Domain, in less than ten years my Dragon Human Race will restore the vitality of the past.” The Dragon Human Emperor was a little weak, but his voice was still filled with excitement.

“Congratulations, Your Majesty.”

The bodyguard knelt down and congratulated him.

“Haha, deliver an imperial decree to immediately begin the cleaning operation, pull out all the dark piles in my Peerless Dragon City, and order people to pass a message to General Xu Wuya that everything has been settled, all our plans can be put into effect.”

The Dragon Human Emperor said confidently.

“Yes.” The bodyguard commander was similarly extremely excited, but once he calmed down, he noticed that the Dragon Human Emperor's condition did not look too well. “Your Majesty, you are okay?”

“Hahaha, don't worry, I can still sit here for another ten years.” The Dragon Human Emperor’s voice sounded incredibly energetic. With the Deathlike Pill, although he had previously burned the origin source and the qi of the emperor, his life would be without danger for another ten years.

The bodyguard was shocked when he heard it.

The Dragon Human Emperor was at the prime of his life, and was one of the strongest martial arts expert of the Dragon Human Race. He should have had thousands of years of life, but now... ten years... it was evident what sort of price the Emperor had paid for this battle.

On the other side Zhou Yuexin immediately thought of Ye Qingyu, staring at him with her beautiful eyes she asked, “Mister, you...”

Ye Qingyu shook his head and reassured, “I'm fine.”

……

In the next three days, there was a rain of blood over Peerless Dragon City.

Many spies that various forces had arranged in the city were strongly pulled out by the Dragon Human Emperor——The Dragon Human Emperor had already seen through everything before, but it was that his energy was all placed on the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor. Now that the problem had been lifted, his hands were free, he planned to thoroughly eliminate all enemies with thunderous force.

Ye Qingyu also took action during this period.

Some of the aristocrats in the city who had secret ties with the loose alliance were also uprooted. Many of the ancient families of the Dragon Human Race were also turned to ashes in the flames, and a huge amount of wealth was transferred to the hands of the imperial family. 一

Then, the army that the Dragon Human Race imperial family controlled was more frequently dispatched.

Without the constraints of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, the Dragon Human Emperor could finally have his hands and feet unfettered, and he ambitiously wanted to become the Lord of the Dragon Human Race’s revival.

Of course, the first decree that the Dragon Human Emperor issued was to identify the Human Race as equal citizens of the Dragon Human Domain, and to be treated equally. This was naturally in order show goodwill to Ye Qingyu, but at the same time also to lay the foundation for the cooperation between the Dragon Human Race and Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Three days later, Ye Qingyu left Peerless Dragon City alone.

Zhou Yuexin stayed in the imperial palace.

This little dragon girl was adopted as the daughter of the Dragon Human Emperor, and her status greatly increased. Adding to this the Dragon Human Emperor had promised to marry Zhou Yuexin with her sweetheart of the Human Race. The little dragon girl finally got what she wished for to be together with the one she loves despite her family's opposition.

……

Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Snow capital.

Empress Yu Xiaoxing was standing on the stone steps in front of the palace hall.

She stood there, lost in thought, overlooking the view below.

This location had a panoramic view over the whole palace. Complemented by the red Empress robe and gold-plated crown, the empress's skin was fair as jade, face incomparably delicate and beautiful, and radiated a noble, cold and majestic air, that would make any man surrender, but there was also an uncontrollable desire to conquer in the bottom of the heart.

Whether it was identity, status, strength, beauty or elegance, the present Yu Xiaoxing was like a goddess of the Ninth Heaven.

Over the years, there had been various rumours, and many people wanted to know what kind of man could match up to her, a goddess-like noble existence.

The empress had been on the throne for several years, and the affairs of the empire were stable, but there still wasn’t a male heir. Without an heir, for the empire, was not a good thing.

There had been ministers that thought that the marriage of the empress should be put on the agenda for the stability of the Empire, but the empress simply laughed it off.

Later, there were ill-intentioned people trying to flatter the empress in an attempt to enhance their status, and proposed to choose someone from the common people to fill the empress's chamber. It was only when the infuriated empress punished these people that this unhealthy trend was restrained.

But in fact, the people who really came from that era, such as Lin Zheng and other old ministers, were clearly aware that the empress’s heart had already belonged to someone. Moreover, in the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain there was only the existence in the Light Palace who was able to match the empress.

Unfortunately, this existence kept a low profile and most of the time was not in Heaven Wasteland Domain. Moreover, coupled with the deliberate concealment of the stories about him, there were less and less people that know about his existence in both the imperial court and among the common people. The past events were regarded as nothing but rumours.

“Your Majesty, there is a message from the Light City that Lord Ye Qingyu has returned.”

A smile bloomed on Yu Xiaoxing's face.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1074:


Chapter 1089, Old friend



In the Light Palace.

A white-clothed Ye Qingyu was sat opposite the empress, who had changed into ordinary clothes, talking and laughing.

The empress was personally making tea. Her movements were elegant, her smile was like the flowers in spring, and she did not have the slightest of her usual noble and majestic air. She looked more like a loving wife.

After several years of cultivation, Yu Xiaoxing's spirit, energy and qi had improved massively. The imperial qi that was exhausted in the Battle of the Chaos Storm had been completely restored, and her cultivation base had grown to the Saint realm. This was related to the cultivation resources that she had received, but also to the tides of spiritual qi in Heaven Wasteland Domain——The domain gate opened, and the spiritual aura of Heaven Wasteland Domain had increased dramatically, and thus the power of all living beings was growing rapidly.

“Now besides the northeast White Mountain Black Water territory, the other territories are still firmly under the control of the Empire. The Dragon Tooth Army of the Dragon Human Race’s God of War, Xu Wuya, broke into the domain and first entered into the Northeast territory, and now had completely wiped out the rebellious Brute Race of the northeast. Those forces that support the Brute Races have also surrendered to the Dragon Human Race. However, what was strange was that, after the Dragon Human Race army occupied the northeast Territory, they did not advance any further.” The empress smiled. “Cousin, when you were in Heaven Connect City you stopped me from personally leading the soldiers in this military operation and told me to avoid fighting with the Dragon Human army. Could it be you already predicted the situation today?”

Ye Qingyu gave a smile, “I did not predict this, it’s just that Xu Wuya wanted to express gratitude for getting back the [Dragonblood Halberd] from me, so they sent me a big gift.”

“What gift?” The Empress's eyes were curved like crescent moons.

“The Dragon Human Race had long sensed the infiltration of some foreign forces into Heaven Wasteland Domain. At that time we were in a hostile position with the Dragon Human Race, so those forces contacted the Dragon Human Race in the hope of joining forces with the Dragon Human Race,” Ye Qingyu explained the deal that he made with Xu Wuya on Capital Sky Peak that day. “It was just that Xu Wuya did not want to be against us. I had gone to Dragon Human Domain to help him with a big favor. Therefore he broke into Heaven Wasteland Domain under the pretense of declaration of war on Heaven Wasteland Empire, but was in fact... Xing'er do you see it now?”

“So it was like this.”

Yu Xiaoxing's face lit up with understanding.

It turned out that the situation today had been decided long ago. Otherwise, she really would have thought that her remarkable older cousin really had the ability to predict the future.

“This plan was to confuse the enemy, and using each other to catch the enemies off guard. Following this, the situation will gradually become clearer.” Ye Qingyu received the cup of tea from Yu Xiaoxing and gently took a sip. “Xu Wuya will soon withdraw the army from Heaven Wasteland Domain. Xing'er only needs to send an army to the northeast territory to take over the arrangements. It will not be long before Xu Wuya comes to Snow capital to pay you a visit. He will represent the will of the Emperor of the Dragon Human Race to form an alliance with Heaven Wasteland Empire. This is a great opportunity for our Heaven Wasteland Domain.”

“Really?” Yu Xiaoing joyfully exclaimed. “This is really great news, although we had formed an alliance with the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, but the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect has already deteriorated and does not have much of a voice in the Vast Thousand Domains. The Dragon Human Race is different. As long as it is a fair contract of alliance, that means our Heaven Wasteland Empire is really taking the first step to face the Vast Thousand Domains.”

Ye Qingyu nodded with a smile.

“Right, what is the current situation in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain?” He thought of mother Qin Hui and her son, especially Tian Ning, who was now the young master of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect. Although he had pretty good aptitude, he was after all still too young. However he was considered as one of his disciples, yet as his master he has not had the time to teach Tian Ning anything.

Yu Xiaoxing told Ye Qingyu the current situation of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain.

The deterioration of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain was already inevitable. After Ye Qingyu subdued the Little Puppet Bloodworm, the life force of the domain was no longer declining but it still could only be barely maintained, with a lifespan of no more than three hundred years. The environment was worsening as before. After the help of Heaven Wasteland Domain, the majority of the Human Race had relocated to Heaven Wasteland Domain and some bandits had also been mercilessly wiped out by the army of the Heaven Wasteland Empire. The present Ancient Sky Dragon Domain had become a training ground for the troops of the Heaven Wasteland Empire. In such a harsh environment, one can really train up a true elite.

Tian Ning was now in Heaven Wasteland Domain, and with the assistance of some loyal elders of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, had also established himself.

“Use the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain to train the army?”

Ye Qingyu smiled. This was not a bad idea.

“Ask the Great Dragon Turtle Demon to send Mister Ren Puyang's adopted son Ren Xingyan to Heaven Wasteland Domain. It is more peaceful and calmer here. Heaven Connect City was too chaotic, and would most likely become more and more chaotic.”

Yu Xiaoxing nodded and ordered someone to pass on the message.

Ye Qingyu had already successively accepted several disciples, who all had good aptitude. Unfortunately Jin Ling'er had fallen into the enemy’s hands in the Immortal God Emperor Sect, along with Bai Yuanxing and other people. Their whereabouts were still unknown, so he couldn’t help but worry.

“Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui and the others, where are they now?” Ye Qingyu then asked.

“Those two, after the matters of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain ended, they came back half a year ago, and stayed in Snow capital for a very short time before they left again. It is said that they went to settle some matters in Brother Ximen Yeshui's sect together. I haven’t received any news after that. I have sent a lot of people to inquire, unfortunately no information had come back.”

Returned to his sect?

Ye Qingyu was a little surprised.

In his impression, Ximen Yeshui had always kept secret about the matters of his sect and had rarely mentioned it before. Moreover the reason he was wandering in the outside world was because he did not want to return to his sect, and seemed to be deliberately hiding something. Why would he suddenly want to go back to the sect, but Wen Wan also accompanied him?

It had been half a year since the two were gone. It was most likely that things did not go smoothly.

After that, Ye Qingyu then asked about Old Fish.

Yu Xiaoxing took out a letter that Old Fish left for Ye Qingyu.

“I have found clues about the Thunder and Lightning Emperor and had gone to find him, don't miss me too much.” There was only this short sentence written in the letter.

Old Fish did not want Ye Qingyu to go find him.

Ye Qingyu understood that the place that Old Fish was going to might be very dangerous, so he deliberately gave little details to prevent Ye Qingyu from searching for him. But he was also very shocked. Could it be that one of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors of the Human Race, the Thunder and Lightning Emperor was still alive on this world? What sort of clue had Old Fish found?

“Let's not talk about these things. Cousin, we haven't practiced the sword together in a long time.” The empress's cheeks reddened, light flickering in her eyes.

Ye Qingyu smiled, “Right. I have tidied up the [Young Xiaoxing of the Fast-Aging Heaven Wasteland] sword technique several times. Let’s practice this together, I will teach you this new sword technique.”

“Really? That's great.” Yu Xiaoxing jumped up. This was the empress feared by the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, but she looked more like a shy and excited little girl in front of the person she loved.

She knew in her heart that, even though Ye Qingyu was incredibly busy these days, he still tidied up the [Young Xiaoxing of the Fast-Aging Heaven Wasteland] sword technique, which meant that he also have thought about her. This to Yu Xiaoxing, was the best news.

In the fire grove of the Light Palace there were fluttering sword lights.

Clad in white, Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing, who were practicing sword together, were as beautiful as a celestial scenery. The two people resembled an Immortal couple, and a soft and gentle affection was flowing around the fire grove.

This was undoubtedly the happiest moment for Yu Xiaoxing in the last few years.

She really hoped that she was not the high and mighty empress, and her older cousin was not the deputy envoy of the Human Race who supported the entire empire. The two people were carrying too much on their shoulders. Behind the endless beautiful scenery was incredibly heavy pressure. If possible, Yu Xiaoxing only wanted to forever be with the one who she loved.

Unfortunately happy times always flew by like arrows.

At sunset, Lou Yi came to report that Lin Zheng and other core figures of the empire had finally come upon receiving the news, and were now waiting outside the Light City.

……

For the next three days, Ye Qingyu stayed in the Snow capital.

That day when he saw Lin Zheng and the others, they simply exchanged greetings, and did not mention or ask about the affairs of the empire. Even if Lin Zheng, Li Guangbi and others brought it up, Ye Qingyu would only dismiss it with a laugh, and not say anything else. At the end, Lin Zheng and others did not mention it again. Since, Ye Qingyu had appeared in the Snow capital, it was already the best cardiac stimulant for them.

Lin Zheng had also brought up the marriage of the empress several times, to which Ye Qingyu only smiled in response and did not make a clear statement. Everything had to be pushed back until he came back from the dark domain. If he were to marry Yu Xiaoxing and was gone forever, then that really would hurt her.

Besides this, Ye Qingyu spent the majority of the time practicing swords with Yu Xiaxoing or looking up some ancient imperial books.

A few days later, Ye Qingyu went to see some old friends.

Including the Empire’s Pill God and Doctor Ouyang Buping. Ye Qingyu wrote down all his new knowledge, insights and new works in medicine into a jade scroll and unreservedly passed them on to these two people. There was no need to attach so much value to it because it is his own, it was fine to pass on to the people who were qualified and suited. This could be considered as handing down such remarkable skills and establishing a sect through these two people.

Then he went to see Song Qingluo again.

Song Qingluo was now the head of the Qingluo Merchant Company. Let alone the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, even in the Vast Thousand Domains, the Qingluo Merchant Company also had a bit of fame. Song Qingluo, who was almost an adult, was more beautiful than before, and coupled with her rise in status she was now a famous goddess in Heaven Wasteland Domain. Countless young admirers and people of major forces had crowded around and worn down the doorstep of the Song family to seek marriage, but unfortunately were all rejected by the goddess.

Some people had even tried to force Song Qingluo to marry through some tricks and power, but the end result for all of them was very miserable. The forces behind the Qingluo Merchant Company were incredibly powerful, and even had the shadows of authorities.

“I pay my respects to Lord Ye Qingyu.” Song Qingluo was slender and beautiful, and dressed in a water-green battle dress, she was as elegant as chrysanthemum.

“We're old friends, why be so polite?” Ye Qingyu invited her to sit down with a smile on his face.

Seeing the beautiful and remarkable woman before him, Ye Qingyu immediately thought of Song Xiaojun, and couldn't help asking, “In these years, have you heard anything from Song Xiaojun? Have you ever been in touch with the Song family?”

When he finished, Ye Qingyu realized that there was no use in asking.

Because even he couldn’t locate where Song Xiaojun was, thus the Song family most likely would also know nothing.

But what he did not expect was that Song Qinglo gently nodded and said, “Song Xiaojun, she... contacted me ten days ago.”

What?

Ye Qingyu sprang up in shock——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1075:


Chapter 1090, Meeting at the Snow dragon’s lair



Ye Qingyu had just casually asked, who would have thought that Song Qingluo actually gave a positive answer.

“Song Xiaojun she... is she in Heaven Wasteland Domain?” Ye Qingyu stared at Song Qingluo, eagerly waiting for her answer.

Song Qingluo shook his head.

He could not help sighing inwardly.

He indeed had always been thinking about Song Xiaojun. Was this the so-called fate?

Until now, Song Qingluo still could not figure out how her little sister, who was always in a daze and without any feminine charm, captured the heart of this God-like young man. There were so many stunningly beautiful women, but they could not be compared to the relationship he had with Song Xiaojun for just a semester?

After experiencing so many things and so many changes, how would Ye Qingyu's shadow not be in Song Qingluo's heart? This young man was really too remarkable. Any woman who sees him, no matter how excellent and proud they were, in the end would most likely find it difficult to free themselves from his smile and his gentle and sweet words.

When Song Qingluo was a student, she saw nothing worthwhile and in the beginning also did not attach any importance to Ye Qingyu. It was only later on when she knew that this was ridiculous. But now, she very clearly understood that, it was already impossible between her and Ye Qingyu. For unknown reasons, people fall in love with others so deeply that the living may die while the dead may turn to the living. She couldn't control herself. In these years, whoever came to her door to ask for marriage, no matter how handsome or how outstanding they were, Song Qingluo simply paid no attention to them nor glanced at them because she knew that her heart had already been filled by a white-robed figure.

Unfortunately, the distance between the two was too great.

Moreover, there was a Song Xiaojun in the middle.

Song Qingluo knew that, the reason the Song family could have what they had today, to a large extent, was because of Song Xiaojun. But even so, every night she sincerely hoped that she was not Song Xiaojun's older sister.

“Song Xiaojun did not come personally, but a female sword Immortal came to the Song family to bring some information,” Song Qingluo tidied up her mind and answered.

“Ah...” Ye Qingyu sighed, evidently a little disappointed.

But soon he snapped out of his disappointment and asked further, “Female sword Immortal? Is it Wang Jianru, Teacher Wang?”

“Correct.” Song Qingluo nodded. “Teacher Wang brought back some gifts from Song Xiaojun to my father and I, and at the same time there was a message to be passed on to you.”

“What is it?” Ye Qingyu's face lit up.

Song Xiaojun had actually delivered gifts to the Song family, which suggests that her memory had been restored? Otherwise, how would she remember her parents and loved ones? Now that she remembers her loved ones, she should remember him too, right?

“Teacher Wang Jianru, invites you to meet on the 7th of the 7th month at the Snow Ground Demon Race's Glass Snow Dragon Altar.”

Glass Snow Dragon Altar?

Ye Qingyu was taken aback for a moment, before he realized that she should be referring to the ice crystal altar of the Snow Dragon’s lair under the ice field of the Snow Ground Demon Court. Back then it was also there that Ye Qingyu met the million-year-old soul and obtained the opportunity.

Wang Jianru knew about this place and asked to meet there? What could it be about?

Today was the 25th of the sixth month, and there was more than ten days till then.

Ye Qingyu also found that Song Xiaojun and Wang Jianru clearly had a general understanding of his whereabouts. Otherwise, it was impossible for them to know that he could get to the Snow Dragon’s lair in time.

“I'll be there on time.” Ye Qingyu nodded.

Song Qingluo didn't say anything more.

A moment later, she got up to leave.

Ye Qingyu walked the maiden to the entrance of Light City, and then gave a suitable martial arts manual for Song Qingluo to practice before he left.

Looking at the young girl's rear figure, Ye Qingyu couldn't help sighing.

How sensitive was his mind? How would he not know about the maiden's feelings towards him? But it was clearly impossible between the two, and Ye Qingyu also had never felt anything towards this maiden.

After seeing her out of Light City this time, he did not know when they would meet again. Perhaps they would never see each other again in this life.

This proud and introverted girl called Song Qingluo may become another legend, but Ye Qingyu would not appear in this legendary story.

Over the next few days, Ye Qingyu traveled around Heaven Wasteland Domain.

He went to Matchless Blade City first, met up with Qin Zhishui and they talked all night. Ye Qingyu also directed Qin Zhishui on his martial arts, added some new secret cultivation manuals to the arsenal of Matchless Blade City, and then again reinforced the defensive formations of the arsenal.

In the past, Ye Qingyu had once talked about martial arts and the Dao here.

This time, he did not have much time.

After he left Matchless Blade City, he went to the southern waters, and paid a visit to the granddaughter of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon, Little Dragon Turtle Chong Xuan, who now was the King of the Water Demon Race. Ye Qingyu patrolled the waters, left behind some formations, and gave some guidance to Chong Xuan on her martial arts before he left.

After that, in the northwest Brute Race, Youyan Pass, and the Three Sects and Three Schools there were also traces of Ye Qingyu.

Especially the mountain gate of the Crepe Myrtle Sect. He saw that the former cowardly youngster Li Rui was now capable and decisive, and his martial arts and cultivation base had reached an extremely high level. Moreover, as expected, he had married the goddess in his heart, Nan Hua.

Under the control of the young couple, the atmosphere in today's Crepe Myrtle Sect was very positive, and the sect had restored its power of the past and had a small voice in the martial arts circle of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Li Rui and his wife were thrilled to see Ye Qingyu.

The whole Crepe Myrtle Sect was in high spirits.

Ye Qingyu stayed for half a day in Crepe Myrtle Sect, and also lectured for an hour. This was his first and only time lecturing in the Three Sects and Three Schools, thus it was evident that Li Rui had substantial weight in his heart.

The news broke out and all sects and factions were shocked.

The status of Crepe Myrtle Sect had been raised to another level.

Ye Qingyu’s last stop around Heaven Wasteland Domain was the Snow Ground Demon Court.

“Xiao Yu...” Lu Heng was overjoyed to see Ye Qingyu, who she firmly believed to be Yu Junhan's son, and thus had always worried and thought about him.

“Aunt Heng.” Ye Qingyu bowed respectfully as a junior.

Because Lu Heng was truly an elder deserving of respect, but also one of the few elders in this world who really cares about him, and had also once helped him at all costs.

Yan Buhui's eyes beamed as he looked at Ye Qingyu.

Lu Heng was his wife and Ye Qingyu was a junior of Lu Heng, which meant that he had to call him uncle? The Snow Ground Demon King knew that he could not surpass this junior in martial arts in his life, so Yan Buhui’s advantage in seniority was his only balance point.

Lu Heng gave an angry stare at her husband.

Over the years, with the unification of Heaven Wasteland Domain, and coupled with the gradual weakening of the conflicts between the Demon Race and the Human Race and the relaxation of the policy of the empire, the Snow Ground Demon Court was opened to the outside world. The real reason why Yan Buhui betrayed the Human Race and went to the Demon Race also spread around. As a result, the Human Race would certainly have a change of view of Yan Buhui. On the other hand, the Demon Race was affected by the righteousness of Yan Buhui. In these years, Yan Buhui, as the King of the Snow Ground Demon Race, had done many practical and good things for the Demon Race, thus the Demon Race was also incredibly supportive of him. Such a change had finally untied the knot in Yan Buhui's heart. He was no longer as quiet as before, but was livelier and more active, which made Lu Heng both happy and relieved.

“Boy, it looks like it’s likely that you’re not staying long in Heaven Wasteland Domain.” Yan Buhui smiled.

Sitting across the tea table from him, Ye Qingyu answered, “Indeed, I'm leaving in one month.”

“Is there something going on?” Yan Buhui asked.

“Yes, it's a very important matter. I need to go to another place to investigate,” Ye Qingyu said vaguely.

“It's a dangerous place, isn't it?” Yan Buhui asked again.

Ye Qingyu took a sip of tea, then laughed, “Aunt Heng's tea skills are a lot better than Xing'er.” Then he nodded in response to Yan Buhui's question.

Lu Heng smiled, “Xing'er has to take care of all the affairs of the empire, such a large empire is pressed on her alone. She naturally does not have time to immerse in the art of tea making...”

Yan Buhui raised his brows and almost blurted out ‘I will go with you’, but soon he realized that Ye Qingyu's strength had already reached a frightening level and he was already one of the top existences in the world. If even he felt it was a dangerous place, then Yan Buhui would only be a burden if he followed him. He did not say anything else and took a sip of tea.

Although the knot in his heart was untied, the Snow Ground Demon King's competitive heart had not diminished in the slightest.

“Xiao Yu, have you ever seen Sister Yu Junhan?”  Lu Heng hesitated a few times before she finally asked.

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

He had indeed asked around for the whereabouts of Yu Junhan, but there was not the slightest clue. Even the All-Knowing Tower in Peerless Dragon City did not know anything.

“Maybe, this time I will see Aunt Yu Junhan.” Ye Qingyu added. He felt that since there was no news of Yu Junhan in the Vast Thousand Domains there was only one possibility——Yu Junhan had also gone to the dark domain. It was only everything of this domain that was a fog to the great forces of the world.

Of course, it was just a guess.

He spent two days in the Snow Ground Demon Court before he left.

……

Snow Ground ice field.

The boundless snow and ice had turned everything in sight white. A chill was flowing around, and under the illumination of the sun, there was a different kind of beautiful scenery.

Ye Qingyu walked through the snow and ice.

In his mind, he recalled the scenes back then.

Things stay the same, but people have changed.

His divine sense permeated under the ice and snow, and soon he found the location of the Snow Dragon’s lair.

Thousands of huge snow dragons were asleep under the ice.

With a slight movement, he instantly broke the ice, arriving inside the ice and snow space below. It was the Snow Dragon’s awakening season. A number of ice crystal Snow Dragons were manoeuvring their way through the ice and snow space, entangled with each other, looking for a mate. It was a rare lively season.

That tremendous Snow Dragon King had woken up.

Ye Qingyu caught the attention of the Snow Dragons the moment he arrived.

It was Wang Jianru who asked him to come.

“Human, you... it's you?” The Snow Dragon King stared at Ye Qingyu puzzledly, and finally recognized who he was, the Human Race youngster who woke him up a few years ago while he was hibernating and who possessed the aura of the Dragon God in his body——





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1076:


Chapter 1091, See the female sword Immortal again



But compared to before, this human's strength was many times stronger. The Snow Dragon King was puzzled, and a little unsure. Although he hibernated every year, he could still perceive the outside world. Only around ten years had passed, but why was it that this human's strength had unexpectedly reached this level, and he simply couldn’t clearly see through the white-robed youngster before him. Facing him, it was as though the Snow Dragon King was facing a ripple-less abyss, which made him shudder with fear from the soul.

“Snow Dragon King, we meet again.”

Ye Qingyu greeted him with a smile.

That year his lucky opportunity was obtained from the Snow Dragon’s lair, thus in a way, the Snow Dragons were also one of his benefactors.

“It really is you?” The Snow Dragon King exclaimed.

He was certain now.

“How could your strength improve this much... could you really be the reincarnation of the Dragon God?”

It really was unbelievable.

After a careful detection, the Snow Dragon King found that, from Ye Qingyu's body, there really were wisps of the aura of a True Dragon.

But soon, he chose to surrender.

“I came to meet someone,” Ye Qingyu said, walking towards the depths of the Snow Dragon's lair.

In the depths was the Snow Dragon cemetery.

It was the most sacred place of the Snow Dragon Race.

Generally speaking, this cemetery was similar to that of the Dragon Human Race, that they will never allow outsiders to enter.

But the Snow Dragon King did not stop Ye Qingyu.

Because he was certain that Ye Qingyu was the reincarnation of the Dragon God——even if he was not the reincarnation of the Dragon God, the True Dragon aura around Ye Qingyu was enough to make the Snow Dragon Race extremely reverent and respectful. Therefore, Ye Qingyu naturally was qualified to enter the Snow Dragon cemetery. Adding to this, the many Snow Dragons escorted him like guards.

The Snow Dragon King showed great humility.

“A day ago, there was a swordswoman who forced her way into our Dragon Race cemetery. She is very strong and possesses terrifying strength, like a sword Immortal of the heavens. We could not stop her, fortunately she did not kill, and only drove us away. She is now in the depths of the Snow Dragon cemetery... Lord just said you’re here to meet someone, could it be the swordswoman?”

Ye Qingyu nodded, “She’s an old friend.”

The Snow Dragon King and other Snow Dragons were suddenly filled with great respect.

The friend of the Dragon God was naturally a distinguished guest of the Snow Dragon Race. Fortunately they did not have too much conflict before.

“In the depths of my Dragon Race cemetery, there had been a strange scene. The former Snow Dragon King had once gone there and then left behind the last words to not allow future generations to enter. It is said that there is a great evil inside. Lord if you want to enter it, you must be careful.” The Snow Dragon King did not hide anything he knew.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

He knew that the Snow Dragon King was referring to the mysterious coffin in the depths of the Snow Dragon’s lair, as well as the evil object of the [Blood-soaked Dragon Tooth] that the million-year-old soul had mentioned. It seemed that the Snow Dragon Race did not know much about these things.

The members of the Snow Dragon Race escorted Ye Qingyu to the entrance of the Snow Dragon cave.

Because of the rules of the race, they could not enter any further and could only wait for Ye Qingyu at the entrance.

Ye Qingyu followed along the path that he had passed before, and went through some ice cave passageways, which was like a maze, but his divine sense was unmatched and soon he found the right way. After a moment, the space before him was suddenly spacious and well lit. He had already arrived at the real dragon cave cemetery.

A familiar sight came into view.

He had once experienced dangers here with silly dog Little Nine, met the million-year-old soul, and obtained the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] mantra.

Walking along the familiar path, Ye Qingyu came to a towering underground snow mountain.

The mountain peaks were like swords.

Fierce qi were circulating around, and with Ye Qingyu’s current cultivation base could feel this much more clearly than before.

An object of great evil did indeed exist here, as well as some ancient Dragon Race formations, which were guarding and suppressing something. Back then Ye Qingyu was only a martial artist of the Spirit Spring stage, and even if he had managed to come here, he was not able to detect much. However, when he examined this place again, he could not help feeling a chill running down his spine. He really was too lucky.

At the same time, there was a sharp sword intent piercing the clouds at the summit of the tremendous snow mountain.

It was a familiar sword intent.

It represented a familiar person.

“Teacher Wang Jianru, it has been ten years, how have you been?”

Ye Qingyu smiled, soaring skywards, and instantly came to the summit of the tremendous underground snow mountain.

At the top of the mountain was only a platform of around four thousand square meters in area.

But as though it had been specially polished, the ground was as smooth as a mirror and reflected one's figure.

And in the middle of the platform, there was a nine-storey ice crystal altar, like a pyramid, somewhat similar to the ancestral pyramid tombs of the Dragon Human Race emperors. It was sparkling, crystal clear, and without the slightest impurity, and at the top of the altar was a piece of thumb-sized jade.

Beside the altar, a figure was standing tall.

White dress, black hair, and long sword.

It was the female sword Immortal Wang Jianru.

Proud, aloof and incomparably beautiful.

As expected it was her.

Seeing this figure, Ye Qingyu almost could not contain his emotions.

Back then, Wang Jianru went by the alias Wang Yan. Her appearance was ordinary, and had once taught in White Deer Academy, and could be regarded as one of his teachers. After Song Xiaojun's blood was awakened and her power broke out, it was Wang Jianru who destroyed the joint attack of the four sword military leaders and disappeared with Song Xiaojun.

At that time, Wang Jianru broke the vault of heaven with one slash. The strength she showed was already very terrifying, and had left a deep impression in Ye Qingyu's mind.

But now, facing Wang Jianru again, Ye Qingyu was surprised to find that he wasn’t able to determine the strength of this female sword Immortal. It was as though he was facing an ancient bottomless well without the slightest ripple. Given Ye Qingyu's current cultivation level, unless it was a Quasi-emperor, otherwise he could determined the level of any experts standing in front of him.

Could it be that Wang Jianru was a
Quasi-emperor
?

Impossible.

Ye Qingyu was startled by his own thoughts, and soon dismissed this speculation.

“Teacher Wang Jianru, how have you been?” Ye Qingyu tidied up his emotions and bowed.

“Haha, it has been more than ten years, who would have thought that the fallen youngster back then would become a top expert whose name shakes the entire Vast Thousand Domains.” The eyes of Wang Jianru really resembled a sharp sword, looking up and down Ye Qingyu. “Even the most crazy fortune teller wouldn’t be able to predict this scene.”

Ye Qingyu performed the bow of a disciple, saying, “Teacher Wang Jianru is overpraising me. Teacher is the real top expert, student has made a little progress in martial arts but still could not see through the cultivation level of teacher.” Ye Qingyu attempted to find out through words.

“Haha, it doesn't matter whether my cultivation base is high or low.” Wang Jianru's eyes grew gentler, “When I took Song Xiaojun away, I originally thought you two would not see each other again in this life. I did not expect that fate would be so magical. It will not be long before you two meet again.”

Ye Qingyu smiled.

He understood the meaning of Wang Jianru's words.

Back then, Song Xiaojun seemed to be hunted by everyone all over the world and was in extreme danger. But there was the real blood of darkness flowing in her body, she was the King of the Unmoving City of Darkness. As long as she returned to the Unmoving City of Darkness, she would be one of the mightiest people of the world. In the Vast Thousand Domains only the high and mighty important people could face her. And at that time, he was just a little student of the little White Deer Academy of the little Deer City in the little Heaven Wasteland Domain. Back then, even if he showed some potential, it would be ridiculous to say that he would grow into one of the top existences of the Vast Thousand Domains. Thus, in Wang Jianru's view, the status that Ye Qingyu had at that time was one hundred eight thousand kilometers away from that of Song Xiaojun. Let alone the fact that he was just a little student, even if he was the emperor of the Snow Empire Human Race, in front of Song Xiaojun, he would still be as little and insignificant as an ant.

At that time, Wang Jianru firmly believed that Ye Qingyu would not have any contact with Song Xiaojun in the future. Even if Wang Jianru admired Ye Qingyu and was moved by how he risked his life to save Song Xiaojun and to see Song Xiaojun, she thought that Song Xiaojun would forget the past and would also forget Ye Qingyu when she had fused with the blood of darkness.

However, life was full of uncertainties, and everything was unpredictable.

Ye Qingyu's growth was beyond her imagination.

Ye Qingyu had shaken the Vast Thousand Domains. Anyone who knew about his achievements would tremble at the sight of him. In the world, there were not many people qualified to stand in front of Ye Qingyu anymore.

Therefore, Ye Qingyu was now qualified to stand in front of Song Xiaojun.

“I have always wanted to know where Song Xiaojun is. I have never given up looking for her,” Ye Qingyu said earnestly. “Since Teacher Wang Jianru knows where Song Xiaojun is, then please tell me. Now I think I have enough strength to stand beside her, and to shield her from the wind and rain?”

Wang Jianru nodded, “You are indeed qualified.”

This sentence was a complete recognition of the weight of Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu felt his heart lightened upon hearing this, and breathed a sigh of relief. However, he will not know and understand the weight of this sentence, until later when he knew about Wang Jianru’s true identity.

“Thank you, teacher.” Ye Qingyu bowed again.

A smile surfaced on Wang Jianru's face, “That year, it was I who took Song Xiaojun from your side, but soon I will bring her back to your side. I hope you still remember your promise back then. No matter what happens, you will firmly stand beside her, and truly shield her from the wind and rain.”

Ye Qingyu firmly nodded, “So many years have passed, but I did not dare to forget my promise.”

Wang Jianru nodded with relief.

After a pause she then said, “This time I was entrusted by someone to ask you to come, in order to solve the fiendish qi in this fierce land.”

“You mean the [Blood-soaked Dragon Tooth]?” Ye Qingyu asked.

Wang Jianru nodded, “Yes, but not just this, the fiendish qi here is not entirely caused by the [Blood-soaked Dragon Tooth]. There is also an unparalleled evil formation... Well, let's first talk about the [Blood-soaked Dragon Tooth], do you know about the origin of this great fearful object?”

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

The name came from the mouth of the million-year-old soul, he had no knowledge of it at all.

“It is the tooth of a Dragon God, and is originally the most supreme sacred object, a rare auspicious object between the heavens and earth. Unfortunately, it had been contaminated with the blood of the Demon Lord. Now there are few objects that can control and suppress it.” Wang Jianru slowly moved closer to the crystal altar. “The only thing that can restrain this dragon tooth is on you.” —



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

