Chapter 1157:


Chapter 1172, Eighth step of the Quasi-emperor realm

There was a strange flow of ice energy around the wound, that even if [Moon Swallower] possessed a Quasi-emperor's strength and had activated the power of law to its peak, it was still difficult to regenerate a new arm.

This both shocked and infuriated [Moon Swallower].

He had moved unhindered in the Dark Realm for so many years. Had he ever suffered such a loss before? Even during a battle of life and death on the battlefield, he also had never broken an arm. In the last hundreds of years, he had never felt so embarrassed before. Having his arm severed off in public was simply a humiliation that can never be erased.

Thick strands of silver rippled like a swamp in the void. [Moon Swallower’s] body began to grow pieces of fine scales, and his figure began to transform. It was unknown how many times more tyrannical his aura was than before. Within his eyes there seemed to be blood overflowing.

Ye Qingyu shook his head, saying, “I told you, there will not be a second time. If you continue to force me, then after the second move, there will no longer be a General [Moon Swallower] on this world anymore. There will only be three pillars left of the four battle pillars of the Zhenyuan army,” he said in an indifferent voice.

But anyone can feel that, in this indifferent tone, contained a terrifying killing intent.

It was not a joke or a threat.

It was a warning and an explanation.

But when it reached the ears of [Moon Swallower], it was a kind of humiliation. A low roar emitted from his throat, like a beast about to go berserk. His most powerful strength and means were about to explode.

“Retreat.”

King Zhenyuan suddenly spoke.

[Moon Swallower] turned his head back in disbelief, “Commander, I can still...”

“Retreat and heal.”

King Zhenyuan's expression was calm with a rare hint of solemnity.

He could already tell that [Moon Swallower] was indeed no match for this [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] Zhang Longcheng——not only [Moon Swallower] but even the other three pillars [Shooting Sun], [Wave Suppressor] and [Fractured Land] were also inferior to Zhang Longcheng. He must admit that he had misjudged Zhang Longcheng in the beginning and failed to see that he had reached this realm.

King Zhenyuan was fully aware that, among the subordinates under his command, there really was no one can that could do anything to this Zhang Longcheng.

[Moon Swallower] was extremely unwilling, but military order must not be disobeyed.

He had no choice but to slowly retreat. He shot a hard fierce look at Ye Qingyu before he eventually returned to stand behind King Zhenyuan and the other three pillars.

“Old Four, the King is protecting you.” One of the four pillars [Shooting Sun] said, “We all misjudged him. This Zhang Longcheng is not that simple. He seems to have reached the eighth step of the Quasi-emperor realm. You are definitely no match for him.”

“What?” [Moon Swallower’s] eyes flashed a strange light. “That’s impossible, an expert of this level would not be unknown. That Zhang Longcheng is a nobody, how can he...”

Here, he suddenly shut up.

Because he suddenly realized that at the moment he broke his arm he was not aware of it at all and did not even know how he was defeated. Adding to this, the broken arm could not be restored. All these signs were suggestive of the eighth step of the Quasi-emperor realm.

“This Zhang Longcheng is most likely just an alias,” [Wave Suppressor] said thoughtfully. She was a slender and graceful woman, with long blue hair and blue brows. Her skin was fair like sea pearls, and a blue wave-like armour wrapped around her body, radiating an enchanting feminine charm. Around her there was faintly the distant sound of the ocean. Her beautiful blue brows were slightly knitted together as she said, “Nie Tiankong thought he had picked up a treasure, but in fact, he does not know he had been used. It's normal for a Quasi-emperor to emerge from a remote and desolate place like the Luoshen Ridge, but how could there be an eighth step Quasi-emperor. If I have not guessed wrong, this Zhang Longcheng must be a famous old monster in disguise, trying to stir up a storm in Royal City. If so, this situation is a little worse than we thought at first.”

“For the past thousands of years, the structure of power in the Dark Realm has been fixed. The undisclosed strength or information of the major factional forces is basically more or less understood by each other. There are only a few people who have reached the eighth step Quasi-emperor realm. It is impossible for one to suddenly come out of nowhere. If we were to investigate, it can certainly be found easily. Once we find out which old monster this Zhang Longcheng really is, the power behind him will also be revealed.” [Fractured Land], a tall and huge figure of almost three meters in height, was a Quasi-emperor expert of the Giant Race. The Giant Race was said to be born from the essence of heaven and earth, and therefore, possessed the most primitive and pure power of the five elements of heaven and earth, and born with the power to control the land. Their strength was endless as long as they were on land. He then added, “However, a force of an expert with the strength of the eighth-step Quasi-emperor realm is absolutely terrifying, and a force with someone who possessed the strength of the eighth-step Quasi-emperor realm and dares to harm our Zhenyuan army is even more terrifying. In the entire Dark Realm there are less than ten of such forces.”

All three of them were high-ranking military officers who had been following King Zhenyuan for over hundreds of years, and thus have extraordinary experience and knowledge. From just the exchange of move between [Moon Swallower] and Ye Qingyu they could already gather a lot of information.

[Moon Swallower], who was involved in the matter, could not see as clear as the spectators. At this moment, the more he listened to what the other three people said, the more afraid he became, cold sweat began forming on his back.

And the clues that the high-ranking military officers could see, as the commander in chief, King Zhenyuan naturally had realized long ago.

This world is going to turn messy?

Whether it was the Expansion Way of the Universe, the chaos of the Fire Province or this Zhang Longcheng before him, all made him vaguely grasp some clues. These were the signs that the world was going to fall into chaos. It was the signal before the storm.

If possible, he did not want to let the Yuan clan of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence become the center of unrest, but at this time there was no way to avoid it.

Since he can't avoid it, then...

The corners of King Zhenyuan's mouth drew back in a faint and cold arc.

“In this world, it has been a long time since an eighth-step Quasi-emperor has descended.” His eyes locked on Ye Qingyu. “No matter who you are, no matter why you try to infiltrate into the Royal City, no matter what your ultimate goal is, I want to tell you that you should not have provoked my King of Zhenyuan’s residence. Today, I will send you on the road.”

King Zhenyuan took a step forward, and had already traveled thousands of meters from his flagship, standing in front of Ye Qingyu. His fair jade-like palm stretched out from the sleeve, slowly thrusting towards Ye Qingyu's chest.

His speed was extremely slow, and there was not the slightest spark or firework, nor any flow of yuan qi or power of law.

It was soft and gentle.

Like the spring breeze caressing a willow tree.

But seeing this palm strike, Ye Qingyu unexpectedly took an abrupt change of expression.

“Well, it's no wonder that he’s King Zhenyuan.”

He drew a deep breath, as if inhaling the white clouds and sunlight into his body. All of a sudden, Ye Qingyu's bones, muscles, and organs seemed to have turned transparent. He was situated in a bizarre state, and then similarly launched out a palm strike.

These days, although Ye Qingyu did not deliberately cultivate martial arts, he has still made great harvest in the pursuit of the understanding of the mind. His strength has been rising dramatically, and even he did not know what kind of realm he was in now. Although not quite at the Martial Emperor realm, he knew that he has entered a kind of mysterious realm.

It was no exaggeration to say that Ye Qingyu's strength at this time had reached the point where even he could not tell exactly how strong he was.

In the face of any opponent, Ye Qingyu could almost right away determine his chance of victory. When he faced [Moon Swallower] he had absolute confidence so he launched out a full strength attack to defeat him.

But facing King Zhenyuan's palm, Ye Qingyu felt a sense of crisis, a hint of pressure, and a kind of trouble.

This King Zhenyuan really was a peerless master.

An existence that was rumoured to be infinitely close to the Martial Emperor realm indeed lives up to his name.

But even so, Ye Qingyu still chose to fight back head-on.

He just wanted to know how strong he had become and what kind of realm he was in——It was clear that his understanding of the small realms of the Quasi-emperor realm was incomplete. This was because in the Vast Thousand Domains, a Quasi-emperor existence was rarely seen, thus there were no further classes of strength among Quasi-emperors.

At the east main gate, everyone looked up with bated breath.

Under the watchful eyes of countless people, finally, after a long but short period of time, King Zhenyuan's jade palm and Ye Qingyu's almost transparent palm collided.

Pop!

It was like the sound of a bubble bursting.

Everyone felt that the world in their field of vision was gently shaking——It was not the sky swaying, nor the ground quaking, and even more not the fluctuation of the laws of heaven and earth. It was an incredibly strange feeling, as if the whole world was a painting and they were the people in the painting. The painting frame was violently shaking all of a sudden, and there seemed to be something about to break.

Then, the figures of Ye Qingyu and King Zhenyuan were both tottering.

Boom!

Ye Qingyu's airship suddenly exploded into fine powder and dissipated between heaven and earth.

And his body was swaying side to side like he was drunk, constantly reeling back. With every step, there was a resounding boom emitted from between heaven and earth. Cracks were visibly spreading across the void wall barrier like flowers blooming, and then instantly vanished.

In the blink of an eye, Ye Qingyu had stumbled back seven steps in the void.

Every step seemed to be crushing the entire sky.

After seven steps, Ye Qingyu's body was suddenly producing crackling noises, as little cracks appeared on the surface of his body, like broken porcelain, blood seeping out the cracks.  He opened his mouth and a jet of blood spurted out.

Defeated?

Zhang Longcheng was defeated?

At the sight of this scene, the crowd at the east city gate burst into uncontrollable cheers—

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1158:


Chapter 1173, A present age Martial Emperor

“Great.” The Crown Prince was already unable to control his excitement, almost jumping up.

This hateful Zhang Longcheng was finally defeated.

Finally defeated!

The Crown Prince felt that he was finally able to heave out the resentment in his chest.

Ever since the country bumpkin jumped out as an enemy of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, he had repeatedly stomped on the dignity of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, been insufferably arrogant and considered him unexcelled in the world. The Yuan clan had repeatedly suffered because of him, but now, his father had finally taken action. This Zhang Longcheng was finally defeated. All nightmares were coming to an end.

The King of Zhenyuan’s residence's glory was returning.

The Second Prince Yuan Wenguo, the Poison Flower Princess and other people also breathed a sigh of relief, finding it difficult to contain their excitement.

“The King is brilliant!”

“The King is invincible!”

At the east main gate, many aristocrats who originally came to show their support for King Zhenyuan, after recovering from the astonishment, were eager to start shouting and cheering. They absolutely did not want not to miss this opportunity to show their face, scrambling to express themselves in the hope that the invincible King Zhenyuan in the air would notice them.

All of a sudden, celebrations broke out at the east main gate like there was a grand festival.

Only a few aristocrats were secretly supporting Ye Qingyu.

During these days, Ye Qingyu's performance in Royal City could absolutely be counted as a clear stream, but seeing this scene they dared not to show anything. After all, King Zhenyuan was too powerful that there was no one who was not afraid of him.

The tsunami-like cheers and applause rang across the entire east main gate.

The atmosphere was incomparably warm and enthusiastic.

But, all of a sudden, without the slightest warning sign, a laugh like a clap of thunder of the Ninth Heaven resounded across the void, crushing all the cheers and applause. It echoed painfully in the ears of every living being and made them instantly shut up.

All of the cheers halted.

“Hahahaha, the strength of King Zhenyuan, I have finally experienced.”

It was naturally the laugh of Ye Qingyu.

He was shrouded all over in blood-coloured flames, qi and blood surging like an ocean, and all his injuries were healed in the blink of an eye. The numerous blood-coloured cracks across his body, in this moment, also disappeared. His skin was increasingly bright, skin resembling jade, bones like gold, and did not seem like a human being at all. There were even wisps of Immortal aura curling around his body.

That palm strike just now had indeed seriously wounded Ye Qingyu to the extent that his body almost shattered like broken ceramic.

But that was it.

Ye Qingyu’s refined body had almost reached a world-shaking degree, almost surpassing all people in the past. Even if King Zhenyuan, a ninth step Quasi-emperor expert, had crushed down at Ye Qingyu, it was still difficult to send the strange force and laws into Ye Qingyu's body or wound his consciousness and divine sense.

Therefore, Ye Qingyu only needed to circulate his blood and qi to fully recover.

Although Ye Qingyu’s airship had exploded, his present state was even a lot better than before.

Even the aristocrats standing on the city wall could feel that Ye Qingyu's aura was increasingly distant and boundless, like the vast starry sky, and faintly able to match that of King Zhenyuan, Yuan Wenjun.

Compared to before, he was even stronger.

Heavens, what happened?

“How is that possible?”

The Crown Prince, the Second Prince, the Poison Flower Princess and other people were so shocked that their eyes almost popped out.
He isn't dead? Is he Immortal?

And the aristocrats who were cheering like a tsunami, seeing that the situation did not look right, their mouth instantly snapped shut.

Even the four pillars and many generals on the flagship of the Zhenyuan army were dumbfounded.

How is that possible?

In the past hundreds of years, King Zhenyuan's cultivation base had increasingly rose to unfathomable depths, and although it was not often that he made a move, every time he did, the opponent was bound to be a remarkable supreme expert. But no matter who, whether they fought or escaped, the opponent would certainly vanished like a puff of smoke, but this time...

Someone had actually taken on King Zhenyuan's attack head on, and was almost unscathed?

The wind soughed.

King Zhenyuan's eyes flashed a hint of astonishment.

“No wonder you dare to go against my King of Zhenyuan’s residence. I underestimated you before, but since I can break you once, I can break you ten thousand times. After ten thousand times, how much of your qi and blood will be left?”

The astonishment on his face soon turned to confidence and indifference as though everything was within his grasp.

Ye Qingyu also smiled indifferently.

“King Zhenyuan is good at joking. These words may work to frighten others, but for people of our cultivation level, such words mean nothing... Haha, ten thousand times, you can't do it.”

Previously, he just wanted to know the true power of King Zhenyuan, so he chose to receive the attack head-on and was injured as a result.

But if he chose to fight back, with the complete [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds] on him, he was already invincible and would not be afraid of such an attack in the slightest.

“A battle of words is meaningless.” King Zhenyuan gave a cold smile.

But in fact, he also sensed the strangeness of Ye Qingyu's state. He was able to vaguely perceive that the face before him was not the true face of this person. However, even after a number of techniques, he still was unable to see through him entirely.

Of course, he couldn't say this out loud.

King Zhenyuan was standing in midair like a fiendgod as he responded indifferently, “But you are right, I have other matters to deal with, and indeed do not have time for a lowly person like you, who dares not show his true face. Well then... this move, will send you on the road.”

Before his voice died away, King Zhenyuan made another move.

This time, it was indeed a real killing move.

With his left palm on the chest, right palm spread open, he made a forward grabbing motion. There was an unprecedented force flowing out from his body. The laws of heaven and earth were all gathered onto his body, like the incarnation of the Dao. His right palm seemed to have turned into a black hole, absorbing and devouring heaven and earth.

Seeing this hand gesture, the four pillars of the Zhenyuan army all took on an abrupt change of expression.

I alone am the honoured one in the heavens and earth.

This move, [Devour Heaven and Earth], was the real hidden card of King Zhenyuan!

Suddenly a terrifying aura similar to a fiendgod filled the air. Everybody at the east main gate miserably fell to their knees. No matter how strong they were, it was impossible to defend against this power. All living beings were quivering with fear. A vortex of the chaos law had appeared in the void. It was as though this side of the world was about to be cut off and destroyed.

Ye Qingyu had to bear the brunt, suffering the most terrifying pressure.

His expression was indefinitely changing.

Instinct and intuition told him that this move of King Zhenyuan was very terrifying. If he continued to counterattack with the identity of Zhang Longcheng and not bring out the [Cloud Top Cauldron], then he most likely would suffer a big loss. However, if he were to do this, after this battle, his true identity might be found out...

Should he simply go ahead regardless and bring out his hidden card to kill King Zhenyuan here?

Ye Qingyu was anxious to try his chance.

During this period of time, he had been reflecting and understanding himself. His mind had improved as a result and his cultivation base had been frantically rising in silence. This was already not a normal speed of ascension for a martial artist, but a rapid leap. Now he urgently needed an earth-shaking battle to hammer and confirm his enlightenment. King Zhenyuan was undoubtedly a perfect opponent for this.

But if that was the case, his identity will no doubt be exposed.

And his plans would have to be given up halfway.

If once the Guardian camp finds out that he is the Ye Qingyu from the Vast Thousand Domains, they will surely be able to deduce a lot of things. At least some of the secrets of the Luoshen Ridge will be uncovered earlier than predicted. The true power of the earth's civilization must not bloom completely yet.

What should he choose?

There were countless thoughts flashing in Ye Qingyu’s mind. He could already feel the [Cloud Top Cauldron] rumbling slightly in the depths of his dantian world, as if it was longing for a battle.

“Let it be, why not have a big fight, create a mess in this Royal City, and then go straight to find [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].” In the face of a peerless enemy, the instinct of a martial artist had sent the battle intent within Ye Qingyu's body bubbling, almost insuppressible. In the end, he decided to strike back regardless of everything.

It was just a battle.

Everything else, he would think about it after the battle.

However, who would have thought that, at this moment——

There was another strange change.

“It ends here.”

An ancient voice like a faint gasp from an ancient creature in the river of time clearly rang in everyone's ears. The next moment, King Zhenyuan's terrifying power, like melted snow, instantly disappeared without a trace.

In the void, King Zhenyuan's [Devour Heaven and Earth] also dissipated.

Everything had returned to normal.

King Zhenyuan's expression changed, and anger flashed across face, which quickly turned into a reverence and a hint of reluctance... it was an incredibly complex look.

“I didn’t know Your Majesty had come, Yuan Wenjun pays respect to Your Majesty.” King Zhenyuan curbed his arrogance and altered his high and mighty attitude to a respectful one as he bowed deeply in the direction of where the ancient voice was coming from. “

Ye Qingyu couldn’t help trembling inwardly at the sight of this scene.

He understood right away what sort of existence the ‘Your Majesty’ that King Zhenyuan mentioned was——It was a true Martial Emperor, a living Martial Emperor.

The Guardian camp adopted a militarized system, where the military division was the highest, under the command of the commanders, generals and marquis, and the entire aristocratic system was based on military service and the military ranks. There was almost no complete civil system, and above the military division was the sovereign. According to Ye Qingyu's understanding, there was more than one sovereign.

Any expert who enters the realm of the Martial Emperor can be regarded as a sovereign.

The shock in Ye Qingyu's heart was indescribable.

There were only rumours that there may be real living Martial Emperors existing in Royal City, but he had never seen one before. He had read countless rare books and documents in the collection hall of the military, which recorded all of the secrets of the world. However, there was no record of any Martial Emperor, as if it all had been specially erased. Moreover, he had never seen a sovereign show up to enact laws and decrees, and to manage the camp. Therefore, for some time, Ye Qingyu thought that perhaps this statement was really just a rumour and there really wasn’t a Martial Emperor.

But now, one had suddenly appeared?

It was unknown how many tens of thousands of years it has been since a Martial Emperor appeared in the Vast Thousand Domains, as though they had all vanished. However, there was unexpectedly a present age Martial Emperor in the Dark Realm. The shock in Ye Qingyu’s heart was simply indescribable.

Only a real Martial Emperor could counter King Zhenyuan’s killing move with one word, eliminated everything without a trace. It was also only a real Martial Emperor, who occupies the position of the sovereign, who could make King Zhenyuan swallow his anger, bow respectfully, and choose to accept it no matter how unwilling he was.

“I already know about the matters in the city. The grudges between the King of Zhenyuan’s residence and [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] end here today. The two sides are not going to bring up this matter again.” The ancient voice sounded again, did not answer King Zhenyuan’s question, but directly decided on a solution to this matter.

“This...” King Zhenyuan felt incredibly indignant and unwilling.

Not killing Zhang Longcheng today was equal to letting this [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] became famous once again. Adding to this, he managed to survive from his hands and had received the support of a sovereign under the watch of countless people. In the future, the King of Zhenyuan’s residence will have to carry this humiliation forever, and there would be few people in Royal City that could counterbalance this little [Military Judge of the Nine Swords].

For the King of Zhenyuan’s residence and the Yuan clan, this was simply the worst outcome.

At the city gate, all of the nobles were no longer afraid to say anything.

At this moment when they looked at Ye Qingyu again, their expression had already changed. All of the disdain and contempt, all of the gloating, had turned to envy, admiration and flattery——No matter who, even a beggar on the side of the street or a dog, to be able to obtain the recognition and support of a sovereign, would no doubt soar to the sky.

The Crown Prince of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, the Second Prince, the Poison Flower Princess and other people looked even more pained. They found it hard to believe that a country bumpkin with no foundation at all was able to obtain the support of a sovereign.
This cannot be justified. Wasn’t it said that the sovereigns pay no attention to worldly affairs?

The King of Zhenyuan residence’s grudges most likely cannot be settled.

Even though King Zhenyuan’s power could cover the sky, in the face of a present age sovereign, he also must not show any disobedience and had no choice but to accept all the humiliation.

However, the twists and turns of today's events were far beyond everyone's expectations.

Because just as everyone thought this matter had come to an end, just as King Zhenyuan was ready to clench his teeth and accept it, all of a sudden there was a grand voice reverberating across the sky, “Defied his superiors, trespassed the royal palace, obstructed the King's army... A madman like that should be killed by King Zhengyuan, how can he be spared?”

The majesty of this voice was no less inferior to the previous ancient voice.

Another Martial Emperor?——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1159:


Chapter 1174, Azure Cloud Platform

The moment Ye Qingyu heard this voice he immediately realized how wrong his previous speculation was. It turned out that there were indeed present age Martial Emperors living in the Royal City of the Dark Realm, and there was more than one.

Thinking back to all his actions in the city these days, he really could not help cold sweat soaking his back. The good thing was that these old monsters were too lazy to take care of these ‘trivial matters’. Otherwise, he would have disappeared from this world long ago.

It was not known whether the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds] can block the eyes of a real Martial Emperor?

Under such circumstances, once his real identity was exposed, the trouble would be huge——Zhang Longcheng was a member of the camp of the Dark Realm, and what he had done can only be regarded as an internal dispute. But Ye Qingyu was from the Vast Thousand Domains, was an outsider, thus, once discovered by the Martial Emperor that it was an outsider with ulterior motives who had done such things, he most likely would have to die.

Ye Qingyu suddenly greatly increased his vigilance.

He stood in the void, and did not rush to speak.

But for the people of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, the sudden change of situation had relieved them from their anger and humiliation. For a moment all faces were lit up with joy, and even the face of King Zhenyuan revealed a hint of surprise.

He did not expect another sovereign to show up at such a time, let alone stand on the Yuan clan's side and support him to kill Zhang Longcheng. This was simply a glimmer of hope at his darkest hour.

The aristocrats at the east city gate were also in great shock.

Heavens, another sovereign had showed up?

It should be said that, in the last hundreds of years, no matter how much Royal City has changed they have not appeared once before.

The last time there were traces of a sovereign was when the Sun clan was faced with the crisis of their clan being wiped out. A sovereign of the Sun clan appeared to suppress all the enemies of the Sun clan, and the immediate consequence was that, since then, the eldest grandson of the Sun clan entered the garrison department, the Sun clan immediately held an outstanding status and no one in Royal City dared to provoke them again.

Unexpectedly, there were two sovereigns here today.

Was the sky going to change?

Many aristocrats trembled and knelt on the ground, afraid to look up again.

On the Zhenyuan flagship, all of the generals and sergeants were also on their knees. Based on the camp system, the sovereign's status was high and mighty, and all must immediately kneel down and bowed respectfully. This was the iron law.

“Yes.”

King Zhenyuan also respectfully bowed in the void.

Then he turned to look at Ye Qingyu, eyes flashing a hint of pity, saying, “Persisting in evil brings about self-destruction. It seems that your misdeeds in Royal City have sparked anger, even His Majesty cannot tolerate you any longer. You might as well end your life here, so as not to suffer.”

Ye Qingyu responded with a smile, but did not answer.

Today there were two sovereigns that showed up. One of them was standing on the side of King Zhenyuan, but the other was standing on his side. Therefore it was not his or King Zhenyuan's turn to defend or fight. They must first wait until the two sovereigns reach an agreement.

As expected, very soon, the ancient voice of the sovereign, who appeared at the beginning, sounded again, “Every cause brings a consequence. The reason Zhang Longcheng offended his superiors, broke into the palace, and killed a Marquis was to uphold the military law and to put a criminal to death. He was carrying out his duty. What is his crime? If you want to talk about crime, then first of all, look at how the King of Zhenyuan’s residence covered up the crime of Yu Wanlou?”

Although ancient, the voice was incomparably powerful and unyielding, and evidently wanted to save Ye Qingyu.

These words were not said for King Zhenyuan and the others to hear.

It was for the other sovereign of the Royal City.

King Zhenyuan let out an inward sigh when he heard this, remaining calm and collected on the surface, but did not show any intention to act any more. He was not a fool, and naturally knew that he must not do anything before the two sovereigns come to a conclusion. Otherwise, obeying the will of one sovereign was tantamount to disobeying the will of the other sovereign. No matter which sovereign it was, the Yuan clan cannot anger him because the consequences were unthinkable.

The aristocrats and generals around all hung their heads low, kneeling down, and dared not to lift their head in the slightest.

“I pay no attention to cause, just the consequence.” The voice of the second sovereign sounded again, equally as powerful, like a rumble of the Dao, containing supreme will. “Those guilty, should be killed. King Zhenyuan had covered up the crime of Yu Wanlou, then he should go to the military to plead guilty. There will be a ruling in the military according to the laws. But the crime of Zhang Longcheng is unforgivable and he should be executed according to the law.”

It was clear that this sovereign wanted Ye Qingyu dead.

As for King Zhenyuan?

The cover up for Yu Wanlou was simply a small matter and can be explained with a lot of excuses. Even if he were to go to the military, he would only receive reprehension. It was impossible for him to be punished, and would just be mere formality.

Essentially, the sovereign was protecting King Zhenyuan.

Ye Qingyu, having heard such words, remained expressionless. Only his brows were slightly raised, secretly taking note of the voice of this sovereign. Although a Martial Emperor was terrifying, he also was not a good person, and since the other side had so obviously wanted him dead, this cause and consequence had also been formed. One day, he will certainly settle this cause and consequence.

Soon, the voice of the other sovereign reverberated between heaven and earth again.

“Fellow cultivator, that is not right, without cause there is no consequence. All matters have a cause, how can the wave rise without any breeze? If you do not ask about the cause, you cannot ask for consequence.” This ancient voice similarly contained the sound of the Dao, and was not inferior in any respect. He unyieldingly retorted, “Zhang Longcheng was just fulfilling his duties, and should not be criticized. He is not guilty.”

This sovereign was even more domineering.

Unlike the previous sovereign, who admitted that both men were guilty and had told King Zhenyuan to go to the military to plead guilty, he directly said that Ye Qingyu was not guilty. This was the cause and consequence. He clearly wanted to uncompromisingly protect Ye Qingyu.

The will of the two sovereigns were completely in conflict with each other.

The atmosphere all of a sudden was several times tenser than it was before.

Even King Zhenyuan felt a hint of graveness and worry.

In such a situation, he in fact was also a bit submissive.

“Are you sure you want to protect this little Military Judge?” The second sovereign, with a hint of discontent in his voice, questioned him directly.

“That's correct,” the ancient voice sounded again.

“At the expense of a battle?” The other sovereign’s voice grew cold.

“At the expense of a battle to the death,” the ancient voice answered bluntly, an iron-like determination in his tone.

The stance of the latter evidently led to some surprise.

At the expense of a battle and at the expense of a battle to the death, this question and answer, although there was only the difference of one word, the meaning was vasttly apart. When the will of two sovereigns were in conflict, it can be settled through a battle, but this kind of fighting was generally not overdone, and was more like a confirmation of martial arts. They will never want to fight to the death.

If Martial Emperor existences were to have a battle of life and death, how terrifying would the situation and consequences be?

Even someone like King Zhenyuan, upon hearing this, was secretly crying in bitterness.

While the aristocrats at the east city gate had sparks flying before their eyes like a thunderbolt had struck above their head.

Ye Qingyu also revealed a look of astonishment.

A sovereign existence was willing to fight to the death for him? This joke was a bit too big isn't it? Could there be a cause and consequence that was unknown to him? Otherwise, how could something like this happen? It should be said that the Martial Emperors also have their own will and their own way. Other than clan and relatives, what reason would they have to fight for others?

Which camp sovereign did this ancient voice belong to?

Ye Qingyu thought about it, did not say anything, and quietly waited.

Neither of the two sovereigns spoke again, but their willpower still circulated around. In the sky Dao sounds were faintly discernible, the laws surged, as though in confrontation. Ordinary martial artists may not feel this silent terror, but real Quasi-emperor level experts can no doubt feel the clash between the two tremendous willpowers. That kind of destructive power that would erupt any moment can make the world vanish like a puff of smoke in an instant.

“In that case, let’s end this today.”

The voice of the second sovereign finally relaxed and opened.

As soon as this sentence came out, Ye Qingyu immediately could feel the terrifying power of destruction between heaven and earth gradually dissipated. There was no longer that oppressive feeling.

“Good,” the ancient voice sounded.

“But the glory of a King of the camp must not be desecrated. This is the iron law, Fellow cultivator Sun, what do you think?” The voice of the second sovereign sounded again, slightly softer than before, but the content made the nerves of all people tensed up again.

All Ye Qingyu's attention was fixed on the three words ‘Fellow cultivator Sun’.

In other words, the sovereign that this ancient voice represented was a Martial Emperor with the surname Sun. It dawned on Ye Qingyu that the Martial Emperor should be the one behind Commander Sun Yi’s clan. After all, before this, it was only the Sun clan that had clearly and firmly expressed their unconditional support for him.

What was strange was why would the Sun clan support him so firmly?

Ye Qingyu still couldn't understand.

“How should this go ahead?” The ancient voice of the sovereign of the Sun clan sounded.

The other sovereign spoke again, “It was my ancestor who established Royal City. His wishes was that if there is disagreement among the descendants, if internal conflicts cannot be settled, they can go on to the Azure Cloud Platform to decide the outcome of the dispute. Fellow cultivator Sun, what do you think?” ”

“Azure Cloud Platform? You want Zhang Longcheng and King Wenjun to settle this dispute on the battle arena?” The sovereign of the Sun clan, after asking this question, was silent for a moment, as if thinking it over and did not respond right away.

The Azure Cloud Platform, the land of duel among aristocrats in Royal City.

On the Azure Cloud Platform it was where bones were buried——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1160:


Chapter 1175, Tell him to come see me

The camp adopted a militarized system, and promoted a martial spirit. Usually many disputes, especially between the aristocracy, if cannot be resolved with the camp's law and decrees, will need to be settled with one’s bravery and martial ability. A duel, an unfailing way of settling a matter since ancient times, was naturally the best choice.

In Royal City, there were many duel arenas that were steeped in history.

Azure Cloud Platform was one of them.

But Azure Cloud Platform was undoubtedly the most outstanding one.

Because only a King was qualified to set foot on the Azure Cloud Platform to settle a feud. Other people did not have such qualifications.

It was precisely because the conditions to step onto the Azure Cloud Platform was demanding that the last time the Azure Cloud Platform opened, when two Kings shed blood there, was two hundred years ago. For the Guardian Royal City, any time the Azure Cloud Platform opened was a major event that shocked all sides.

Ye Qingyu was naturally aware of this.

He had looked through the books in the military collection library, and naturally had an incomparable understanding of this.

“I am willing to step onto the Azure Cloud Platform.”

Before anyone else could react, King Zhenyuan had already spoken out and accepted this way of dealing with the matter.

Countless eyes were fixed on King Zhenyuan.

The high and mighty King Zhenyuan who must not be violated moments ago was now unexpectedly forced to step on the Azure Cloud Platform. Although it was a kind of glory to step onto the Azure Cloud Platform, the forces of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence obviously did not want such glory. After all, judging from the whole process of this incident, it was clear that King Zhenyuan was forced to go up, and was driven up by an opponent who didn’t seem to carry much weight.

How would King Zhenyuan not know about this?

But he had no other choice.

Ye Qingyu had the support of a sovereign, who did not hesitate to say that he would ‘fight to the death’ for him. These words indicated that, besides the opportunity to step on the Azure Cloud Platform, the King of Zhenyuan’s residence has no other way to retaliate against Ye Qingyu——unless they can first get rid of the sovereign existence.

Ye Qingyu raised his brows slightly, saying, “Well, I also agree.”

Behind King Zhenyuan, there was similarly the support of a sovereign-level existence. If he were to refuse this arrangement, it was hard to guarantee that the sovereign would not think of other ways to make things difficult for him in the future. At that time it would be equally as dangerous. Moreover, Ye Qingyu's rapid progress in martial arts these days was all from self-enlightenment. He urgently needed a great battle to prove this enlightenment. After all, all his previous battle strength and cultivation technique were developed little by little through battles of life and death. An opponent like King Zhenyuan was undoubtedly the best choice for this.

There was uproar at the east city gate.

Both parties had agreed to the duel. Didthis mean that, after a lapse of hundreds of years, the Azure Cloud Platform was going to open again?

As expected, after Ye Qingyu spoke, the sovereign of the Sun clan no longer remained silent, “Well, three months later, the Azure Cloud Platform will open again. King Zhenyuan and the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] will duel on the Azure Cloud Platform.”

“Good.” The other sovereign agreed.

Then, those two magnificent and vast Dao auras abruptly vanished from the void, everything returned to normal. The wind was blowing gently, white clouds leisurely fluttering, and golden rays of sunlight sprinkled on the earth; the scenery was bright and beautiful.

For many aristocrats at the east city gate, it was like a great dream.

The appearance of a sovereign-level existence, once spread out, was enough to spark a sensation.

“Let's go.” King Zhenyuan wore a solemn expression.

He turned back to the flagship, escorted by guards. The Crown Prince, the Second Prince, the Poison Flower Princess and other people also boarded the battleship, cut through the sky toward the Royal City, directly leaving the aristocrats who had come to the east city gate to show their support.

Ye Qingyu was standing in the void with an indifferent face.

“Thank you, elder.”

He gave a cupped fist salute and bowed deeply to the depths of the void, expressing his thanks to the sovereign of the Sun clan.

In the distance, several streams of light were seen streaking across the sky. Clad in military attire, Nie Tiankong, Linghu Buxiu and other people came, and seeing the sparse spectators at the east city gate, were taken aback for a moment. They looked around, and came to stand in front of Ye Qingyu, asking, “Military Judge Zhang Longcheng, is everything all right? Where's King Zhenyuan?”

Ye Qingyu smiled, “King Zhenyuan has left.”

“Left?” Nie Tiankong was slightly surprised. “He didn't make things difficult for you?”

The situation differed a little from what Nie Tiankong had imagined. He originally thought that, at this time the battle should have reached a state of chaos and darkness. He did not expect to see the east city gate so calm and King Zhenyuan having already left. This did not match with King Zhenyuan's usual temper. He had actually swallowed this anger?

It was evident that the news of the arrival of the two sovereigns had not yet spread.

Ye Qingyu found it strange that he did not know, but then on another thought, they were sovereign-level existences. Even without deliberately concealing their aura, the powerful aristocrats in the city also would not be able to perceive their presence right away. It was normal for Nie Tiankong to not know.

“No,” Ye Qingyu answered.

Nie Tiankong was relieved to hear these words.

He had hesitated for a long period of time in the military office, before he finally came under the urging of Linghu Buxui. However, the battle had already come to an end, which made him a little embarrassed, but also inwardly thankful that at least he did not have to go into conflict with King Zhenyuan. Adding to this, he was also able to express his concern to Zhang Longcheng and was the first to come help him. He had fulfilled his obligations.

“That's good, that's good.” Nie Tiankong smiled. “Wait a few days, when King Zhenyuan's anger subsides, I will help you mediate this matter. It shouldn’t be a big deal, we are colleagues after all.”

Ye Qingyu stroke his brows, nodding, “Thank you Commander Nie Tiankong, but I’m afraid it won't be necessary. King Zhenyuan and I have arranged a duel on the Azure Cloud Platform in three months. At that time, everything will be settled.”

“What? Duel on the Azure Cloud Platform?” Nie Tiankong’s countenance changed suddenly.

Behind him, Linghu Buxiu and the others also immediately took on a look of incomparable shock.

Azure Cloud Platform?

Zhang Longcheng and King Zhenyuan were going to duel on the Azure Cloud Platform?

Heavens, what is going on?

……

……

Royal City, the aristocratic mansion district.

In an ancient and heavily-guarded mansion, there lies an isolated hundreds of years old cave, where a figure was sat cross-legged on the center of an eight-sided Yin and Yang platform, like a century old ancient pine tree, as though it had grown from the stone platform.

Adding to this, this person was in a very strange state. The left of his body was silvery white like snow, while his hair, skin, brows and pupils were snowy white, and the other half of his body was black as ink. He was completely divided into black and white colour. His hair was dozens of meters long, like a waterfall, scattered on both sides of his body and spread out on the platform.

There was a dozen of imposing figures, with solemn looks, standing below the platform with hands hanging by the sides. Each and every one of them seemed to be an aristocrat with a very high status, but standing here, they dared not even breath loudly.

“Old ancestor, the luck of the Sun clan has come to an end. Their old ancestor was schemed by you hundred of years ago, and had already consumed a huge amount of qi and blood. He now only has a few decades of life yuan left. Why did you back down from him this time?” an arrogant-looking youngster asked.

This was the most outstanding youngster in the clan, thus he had the opportunity and qualification to appear in front of the platform in this cave.

They knew very well about the scene that happened at the east city gate, because the black and white ancient figure was the second sovereign that appeared above the east city gate, a present age Martial Emperor of the Sky Fox clan.

Standing below the eight-sided platform were all top aristocrats of the Sky Fox clan.

They knew about everything that happened at the east city gate through the water mirror imperial technique.

“It is precisely because that old thing only has decades of life yuan left that we cannot get into a conflict with him. Otherwise he would fight desperately like a cornered wild beast. After all, the power of a present age Martial Emperor can still cause great destruction,” another Quasi-emperor from the Sky Fox clan also opened his mouth.

“Yes, there is no need to give that old thing a chance to jump over the wall. The best thing to do is to let him live.” Another Quasi-emperor expert of the Sky Fox clan also sneered.

Hundreds of years ago, the Martial Emperor of the Sun clan showed his divine powers and deterred the world, thereby allowing the Sun clan to enjoy glory for the following hundreds of years. But no one knew how bitter the supreme existence of the Sun clan felt.

Because that time, the Martial Emperor of the Sun clan was forced to take action, forced to wake up from a deep sleep. It was only at the risk of burning his qi and blood that he restored the remarkable ability of the Emperor realm. The repercussions of doing so was costly——The Martial Emperor of the Sun clan originally could have enjoyed another two hundred years of life, but now he only had decades of life left. It was hard to imagine what the Sun clan would become in another tens of years.

There were quite a few forces that schemed against the Sun clan that time, and one of the main forces was the Sky Fox clan which also had a Martial Emperor.

“Tell King Zhenyuan to come see me.”

The black and white strange person on the eight-sided platform finally spoke.

His voice was like clangs of metal striking one another, extremely bizarre and without the slightest emotion.

“Old ancestor, you are going to... support that fellow of the Yuan clan?” The arrogant youngster spoke again, eyes flashing fiercely with hint of jealousy. “Given King Zhenyuan's current cultivation level can he not kill that country bumpkin? Old ancestor, why waste resources and energy to support an outsider, could it be...”

The black and white strange person closed his eyes and did not say a word.

Boom!

With a blast, the arrogant genius youngster of the Sky Fox clan had exploded into a puff of smoke, body and soul both scattering between heaven and earth and no longer existed.

“Old ancestor...”

“This...”

The group of top aristocratic Quasi-emperors of the Sky Fox clan was aghast at the sight.

At this moment, the black and white strange person slowly opened his eyes, looking at the crowd with a hint of disappointment. “How remarkable was my Sky Fox clan back then, geniuses were like spring water, endless and inexhaustible. Now, you’re telling me that this is the strongest genius of my Sky Fox clan? With his nature, such narrow vision, and a lack of spirit and courage it is difficult for him to become successful. How can we waste resources on him? If he remains he would only become a scourge. It’s better to kill him and choose another successor.”

“Old ancestor, please calm down.”

“Calm down!?”

“We are wrong.”

A Quasi-emperor of the Sky Fox clan dropped to his knees, trembling with fear, and dared not to have the slightest resistance.

“Quickly tell King Zhenyuan to come see me.”

……

At the same time.

In the Royal City. The ancestral home of the Sun clan.

An old man with snow-like hair and beard slowly opened his eyes, a bitter smile curving his lips. Although reluctant, the Azure Cloud Platform seemed to be the best choice.

“Go bring [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] Zhang Longcheng to see me.”

The old man spoke.

The hidden masters of the Sun clan beside him immediately turned away to carry out the command——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

