Chapter 937:


Chapter 954 – Can’t Believe It’s You


Could the Greater One Sect have completely abandoned this land of eight peaks and set up a new mountain gate somewhere else?

Ye Qingyu was inwardly doubtful.

As he walked through the Void and neared the eight Lotus Peaks, he could not understand this action of the Greater One Sect.

It must be known that the eight Lotus Peaks were not completely destroyed despite being heavily damaged during the Storm Sword Duel gathering. To find such a marvelous, paradise-like place within the Clear River Domain was probably very, very difficult. After all, this Greater One Mountain Range was a land of tens of thousands of kilometers, across which were gathered spirit veins that resembled eight dragons lying in hibernation underground. Such a terrain was not only rich in spiritual qi but also came with a kind of hidden luck which would hugely improve the destiny of the entire sect should it set up its mountain gate here and receive the love of this stretch of land.

For a very long time, the Greater One Sect’s dominance among the large sects and forces of the Clear River Domain had much to do with the luck of this mountain gate.

Others can only wish to obtain such a blessed land on which to set up their mountain gate. Why did the Greater One Sect abandon it?

Ye Qingyu gradually drew near.

He could feel with increasingly clarity that an extremely strange and evil aura was coming out from that ruined mountain gate.

He had not sensed this kind of power among the eight peaks during the process of the Storm Sword Duel gathering.

Could this be the reason the Greater One Sect abandoned this place?

After carefully sensing it further, he shook his head and denied his own idea.

This was because the strange and evil aura was merely indistinct and could not have altered the luck of the eight Lotus Peaks. He thus felt that there should be some other reason.

Suddenly…

Swish! Swish swish!

Several beams of flowing light emerged from an unknown place and instantly traversed the world to form a killing array. Ye Qingyu was unable to react before he was trapped within it, before terrifying power bombarded him for a fleeting moment.

He was sent flying back and forth within the Void like a broken sack.

“Disperse!”

As he shouted, Divine Emperor sword will materialized all around him before bursting outward in an instant. Myriad beams of sword light obliterated all of the flowing light around him and caused streaks of blood to spill out of the air. Eighteen figures then appeared and fell onto the ground, having been slain by the Divine Emperor sword will and lost their vitality.

Huh?

Black Armor Warriors?

People from the Greater One Sect?

Ye Qingyu revealed a tinge of surprise as he stood in the Void, looking down at those fallen, dead figures.

These figures, who had been hiding in the Void and could not be detected by Ye Qingyu, were wearing the same battle armor as Miao Wuhen’s Black Armor Warriors, except that they were much stronger than those in the array.

At the same time, Ye Qingyu could vaguely sense that there were more Black Armor killers hiding in the Void all around him.

While remaining motionless in the Void, he spread his consciousness power outward.

Having suffered a huge blow earlier, his white top was covered in numerous marks and was left in tatters. The killing qi which suddenly erupted in the Void earlier was in fact too sudden for him to react at once, and he was thereby struck by it. Fortunately, his strength was comparable to that of a pinnacle Great Saint, and moreover, after suffering the first blow, he operated his yuan qi and hence only his clothes were torn, while his physical body was completely uninjured.

“What a strong secret technique of concealment. I was actually unable to detect...” He slowly kept his consciousness power back, feeling shocked.

Although those sneak-attackers were not really strong, their concealment technique was extremely brilliant.

However, it did not trouble Ye Qingyu much.

“[Void-Listening Technique]… listen!”

As soon as he thought this, his figure and aura altered slightly such that he gradually became translucent, as if melting. At first glance, he seemed to be blending into one with the Void. Layer upon layer of faint void waves diffused outward like ripples formed on a pond by a small stone.

Soon, these waves came into contact with something and were refracted, Ten meters ahead on the right side.

A beam of Divine Emperor sword will light instantly struck across.

Bam!

A dull thud was heard.

A beam of blood light spattered in the Void before the dead body of a Black Armor Warrior emerged and fell toward the ground, devoid of all vitality.

“The first one!”

A smile appeared on Ye Qingyu’s face.

He took a hundred steps forward in the Void.

The [Void-Listening Technique] was one of the Fiendgod techniques in the bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart], and together with the [Void-Walking Technique] could be considered a superb pair of abilities. It was said to be the counter to all concealment techniques, and could hear all concealed figures in the Void. When cultivated to a masterly depth, even a fine speck of dust could be detected.

After Ye Qingyu listened for a period of time, all of the mysterious Black Armor Warriors hiding in the Void all around him were unable to get away.

Streaks of Divine Emperor sword will lit up the universe.

As dull thuds sounded in succession, slain Black Armor Warriors continually appeared in the Void and fell toward the ground.

They were not only wearing the same battle armor as Miao Wuhen’s array of Black Armor Warriors, but the faint power of darkness in their bodies was also completely similar. They apparently did not harbor good intentions, and, during this period of time, had put together several counter-offensive attempts to kill Ye Qingyu, who was however prepared enough to subdue them.

As Divine Emperor sword will worked up, a phantom of a one-hundred-meter primitive longsword appeared and shrouded Ye Qingyu within. From a distance, he seemed to have turned into a heaven-splitting longsword with sword will lingering around him boundlessly. This was yet another wonderful feature of the Divine Emperor sword will – it could render one’s body impenetrable.

Bam bam bam!

Clusters of blood flowers bloomed in the Void.

After a hundred breaths’ worth of time.

By now, Ye Qingyu was less than a kilometer away from the eight Lotus Peaks of the Greater One Sect.

“Seems like they’ve all been slain. And even if there are survivors, they’ve already fled.” Ye Qingyu kept the [Void-Listening Technique] back, for he had detected no more lurkers in the Void. There was no longer anyone who dared to impede and attack him.

As fast as lightning, he approached the Greater One Eight Peaks.

Meanwhile.

More than fifty kilometers away.

Dozens of Black Armor Warriors gradually appeared from the Void, every one of them wearing a terribly horrified look on their face.

“Who’s this person? How did he actually break the killing and concealment techniques handed down by our master?”

“What should we do? We couldn’t get near to him at all, and couldn’t stop him from killing our companions one by one.”

“We must quickly report this to the emissary.”

“What should we do about that thing in the mountain gate?”

“It doesn’t matter. That thing is too strange and scary for even the emissary to subdue. Besides, after it evolves, this invader won’t be able to bring it away and might even be killed by it, powerful as he is. Let’s just imagine that it’s currently under refinement. When it has ripened, our master will naturally send men to collect it… We should go report the news to the envoy while leaving two people behind to observe the situation.”

After a period of discussion, the Black Armor Warriors split up and took action.

“There’s nothing and no one here. Everything here has been destroyed.”

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh as he set foot on the eight Lotus Peaks.

He had already screened through the eight peaks. Just as he had guessed, the mountain gate was already devoid of any other being, as if it had become a dead realm. Only green trees and weeds were growing frantically, such that many uncollapsed divine palaces and stone statues were covered by vegetation, giving the impression of an abandoned world.

All of these oddities were very likely to have something to do with a piece of stone.

The Storm Platform!

Ye Qingyu revealed a doubtful expression as he stood one hundred meters away from the Storm Platform.

The Storm Platform was once the most valuable treasure of the Greater One Sect. Several Storm Sword Duel gatherings, which had far-reaching impact on the Clear River Domain, had been held here and became well-known as a result. As an indication of its significance, the Greater One Sect had massacred another sect in order to acquire this treasure. Ye Qingyu could not believe that the Great One Sect would not only abandon the mountain gate but also this supreme treasure on a Greater One peak.

“Was the strange and evil aura I sensed when I was outside just now actually coming from the Storm Platform?”

Ye Qingyu halted his footsteps.

This was because, aside from emanating the strange aura, the appearance of the Storm Platform had changed in some ways. Like giant blood vessels, streaks of red patterns not only covered the exterior of the Storm Platform, which was said to be impregnable, but also grew inward. Moreover, it was even contracting and expanding at a regular rate, resembling the heart of a giant!

More importantly, Ye Qingyu had detected an indistinct surging vitality in the altered Storm Platform, as if something was about to be born from within.

“During the first Storm Sword Duel gathering, countless Clear River Domain experts spilled blood on the Storm Platform.” He recalled the scenes back then vividly. In one particularly clear scene, he saw that the blood and flesh of those experts were silently absorbed by the Storm Platform after their deaths. Linking this to the scene in front of his eyes, he immediately realized that there was something problematic about the Storm Platform.

Could it be that the changes to the Storm Platform have brought about some disastrous consequences, and that’s why the Greater One Sect was forced to abandon the mountain gate they had painstakingly maintained for thousands of years, despite coming back much stronger than ever before?

Ye Qingyu was beginning to realize something.

What kind of disaster could’ve scared the Greater One Sect off?

As someone who was brave due to being confident in his abilities, he did not retreat at once.

Just as he was hesitating whether or not to go closer to investigate, a strange streak of blood-colored splendor suddenly began to flicker on the Storm Platform. Then, those blood-colored patterns detached from the surface of the platform and extended outward fanatically toward Ye Qingyu like the bloodied tentacles of a monster, as if they wanted to bind him up.

“Huh? Divine Emperor sword will… strike!”

Amid his great shock, sword will burst forth in a hundred streaks and turned into the form of ancient swords before striking out.

However, what caused him even greater shock was that the Divine Emperor sword will, which was all-destroying and could injure a Great Saint, could only cause a dull thud on those blood-red tentacles and could not slice them into pieces.

What exactly are these blood-colored tentacles?

He hurriedly stepped back.

At the same time, he shot forth myriad streaks of Divine Emperor sword will.

However, those tentacles were even faster than him, and instantly parried the strikes of the countless streaks of Divine Emperor sword will before twining around him. They then dragged him nearer to the Storm Platform, and actually intended to force him into the Storm Platform alive.

“Dammit...”

Ye Qingyu cursed as he revealed a look of great shock.

“[True Will of the Sky Dragon]… turn into a dragon… and break this for me.” He summoned up all of his physical strength and turned into a dragon, intending to break free. He had sensed a terrifying danger which was the omen of death, and never expected the changes to the Storm Platform to be so frightening. This kind of power completely surpassed that of a pinnacle Great Saint and rendered Ye Qingyu nearly resistless against it.

It was at this moment that he suddenly realized why the Greater One Sect abandoned the mountain gate so readily.

The Storm Platform must have devoured many of their disciples and experts, giving them no other choice.

In dragon form, Ye Qingyu frantically struggled but remained unable to break free, and was even becoming increasingly trapped. Countless tentacles coiled round him, wrapping him into a giant blood-colored dumpling.

“[Cloud Top Cauldron]!”

He prepared to use his last resort.

Just then, however, all of the blood-colored vines suddenly loosened, and a familiar voice rang out. “Eh, I can’t believe it’s you, little fellow...”



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 938:


Chapter 955 - Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor



Ye Qingyu suddenly felt that this voice sounded familiar and quickly realized who the owner of this voice was.

“Senior?” He was elated. “It’s you?”

“Ha ya ha, I thought you were one of those sneaky scoundrels and almost ate you as my nourishment,” that voice laughed loudly and heartily. As it spoke, it retracted its countless tentacles that were like veins and shrank back to the middle of the Storm Platform. “Young punk, why have you come?”

“Greetings, Senior. I’m Ye Qingyu,” he said very respectfully as he bowed. “I’ve come here to check up on some things but I didn’t think I’d run into you here...”

Frankly, he was a little excited since this voice belonged to the million-year-old martyr spirit who taught him the [True Will of the Sky Dragon].

Ye Qingyu had the utmost respect for this mysterious spirit, whether it had been at the Snow Dragon Den or at the Formation Emperor Luoso’s Palace, those two encounters with this spirit had been of a great help to him. He was extremely grateful and thought it was a pity that this million-year-old spirit was so elusive that he hadn’t seen it again.

He would have never imagined meeting this spirit again in this place.

He was overjoyed.

“Not bad, you’ve become much stronger than you were before. It’s only been a few years and you’re already a Saint but with a combat strength that is comparable to a Great Saint. I wasn’t wrong about you after all. Ha ha, a man with no fate has been a rare sight since the ancient times. Ha ha, this is great,” the million-year-old spirit had obviously discerned Ye Qingyu’s strength after exchanging blows with him earlier and told him as much.

“This is all thanks to Senior’s help on two occasions. In particular the [True Will of the Sky Dragon]. It is extremely profound and magical,” Ye Qingyu was extremely respectful in front of this being because he was a Human Race senior worthy of respect. Their two encounters were both very short but it left a deep impression on him, even deeper than his interactions with [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

“Yes, I might have taught you the technique but the cultivation is up to the individual. You have achieved this much mainly due to your hard work,” the million-year-old spirit said with a smile. “I heard of your achievements when I came to Clear River Domain four years ago. You’ve done well and have not brought disgrace upon this amazing technique of the [True Will of the Sky Dragon]. Let me guess, you’re here today because something major has happened at Clear River Domain?”

“Senior, you flatter me. I’ve only done what I was supposed to do,” he said humbly, then roughly briefed the spirit on the current situation at Clear River Domain. He didn’t hold anything back from him.

“The fact that the Greater One Sect has managed to stage a comeback is just a small matter,” there was a trace of confusion in the million-year-old spirit’s voice. Then he continued as though he was speaking to himself, “Looking at the time, it’s about time the ancient legacies of the Vast Thousand Domains make their appearance so why is the Greater One Sect the only one causing such a stir here? Could the rest be in hiding? How odd.”

Ye Qingyu immediately caught the point.

If this spirit said that the Greater One Sect dominating Clear River Domain was only a small issue, then what would be considered a big issue? Since this spirit spoke so solemnly, it was as though something explosive that would shake the entire Vast Thousand Domains would appear at Clear River Domain... what could it be then?

His curiosity was piqued.

“You mean...?” He proved further.

The voice hesitated for a beat before continuing, “Since it is you, I’ll speak truthfully. Something big is about to happen in the Clear River Domain. The Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor is about to descend upon this domain. Then, this would attract countless of peerless experts as they fight for the chance to become an emperor. If you still have any close friends in Clear River Domain, you should urge them to leave as soon as possible before it is too late. I’m afraid that this would attract even Quasi-emperors and the chaos and killing they would create might potentially destroy Clear River Domain. I’m sure this will plunge the entire domain into suffering then.”

What?

He was extremely stunned.

Chaos Demon Emperor?

Chance to become an Emperor?

Does such a thing exist?

“Senior...uh, who is the Chaos Demon Emperor?” Ye Qingyu asked with a wry laugh.

He had never heard of such a thing but he immediately trusted the million-year-old martyred spirit’s words because he believed that this person had once truly existed and second, through this piece of shocking information, he finally understood why the force behind the Greater One Sect would go all out to support the Greater One Sect’s domination of the entire Clear River Domain. They should be expecting a sizeable return for their investment so if this was because of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, it would make perfect sense.

The problem was that Ye Qingyu had never heard of the Chaos Demon Emperor before this.

He seemed to be an emperor of the martial world from the ancient times but his name was not amongst the names of the martial emperors that Ye Qingyu was aware of. Could he be a person that existed before the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors?

“The Chaos Demon Emperor was a Demon Race martial emperor who lived during the end of the Fiendgod Age. Legend has it that he grasped the secret to reincarnation and managed to defy the laws of heaven with his normal demon body to finally become a martial emperor after ninety-nine reincarnations. He had once dominated an entire age and he was extremely outstanding, even crushing the gods at his feet,” the million-year-old spirit was very frank with Ye Qingyu and he spoke of this Chaos Demon Emperor with admiration. It was clear that he thought very highly of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

A martial emperor who had once dominated an entire age?

If that emperor lived in the late Fiendgod Age, it was indeed extremely long ago.

It made sense that he wasn’t aware of this martial emperor’s existence.

If this martial emperor lived in the late Fiendgod Age, that would be the period before the Three Sovereign and Five Emperors. The historical records of the Vast Thousand Domains that existed today had countless blanks when it came to the Fiendgod Age and the records of many of those once outstanding characters who had dominated that age were missing and not known to the later generations, as though it had been wiped by a mysterious force. Thus, it made sense that no one had heard of the Chaos Demon Emperor now.

“Does that mean that the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor is a remnant legacy of this Demon Race emperor?”

“That’s right,” the million-year-old spirit replied. “The Chaos Demon Emperor stunned an entire age and was once known to be matchless throughout the world. However, he disappeared one day after attempting his one hundredth reincarnation. Some said that he failed and the universe killed him because the secret technique was too heaven-defying, while others claimed that he had succeeded, transcended beyond the universe and was no longer of this world. All traces of him and his teachings also mysteriously disappeared from this world. Thereafter, a few relics related to him would appear from time to time throughout history, especially his reincarnation hall. Legend has it that it was formed from refining the demon fetus and demon body he had shed during his ninety-nineth reincarnation and contained the secret to his reincarnation. Very few from the later generations have seen this Reincarnation Hall but those people then went on to achieve greatness. There were rumors that the Lightning Emperor Qin Ming from the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors had once accidentally entered the Reincarnation Hall and managed to obtain a shred of that chance, which was how he ended up becoming the first martial emperor of the Human Race in history.

Was this really true?

The more he listened, the more stunned and astonished he became.

The Lightning Emperor Qin Ming was indeed the first martial emperor of the Human Race who comprehended and wielded the laws of lightning in the universe. There had been no Human Race martial emperor before him, so this sparked many rumors amongst the later generation that swirled around how he managed to achieve this feat. The Human Race preferred to believe that this was due to his unparalleled talent and matchless heroic aura but from what this million-year-old martyr spirit was saying, it seemed to be related to the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

If this was true, then this Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor would be the best opportunity in this universe.

Throughout the Vast Thousand Domains right now, there were only Quasi-emperors but there were no martial emperors.

There must have been countless people who longed to be a martial emperor more than anything else.

If the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor was truly about to descend on Clear River Domain, once news about the chance to become emperor contained within the hall got out, this would probably drive the entire Vast Thousand Domains crazy. Those old freaks who kept themselves hidden, those Quasi-emperors who would hardly make an appearance, including [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] who dominated the world, and the masters of the various large forces would definitely gather in this domain.

“Did you appear here because you already knew of this and were lying in wait?” Ye Qingyu asked as he calmed down.

“I had found out about this by chance too. After we parted at the Luoso Palace the previous time, I made my way across the various large domains in search of techniques and materials to reconstruct my body. I finally found some clues at a lost demonic relic and obtained news about the Chaos Demon Emperor and how some of his remains after he reincarnated still existed in Clear River Domain. This was why I came here four years ago. I didn’t manage to find the remains of the Chaos Demon Emperor but I found this treasure. Ha ha., this is just the thing to help me reconstruct my body,” the million-year-old spirit was visibly excited.

The fact that this treasure made someone of his stature and age so visibly excited showed that he was sincerely pleased.

“Treasure? You mean... the Storm Platform?” Ye Qingyu asked.

“Yes, that is exactly it. You know it was the Storm Platform but it is actually named ‘Chaos Demon Heart’. This was a chaos heart formed during the ninety-nineth reincarnation of the Chaos Demon Emperor and was made from his outer and inner beings. Unfortunately, it has lost the demon properties it once had but this is still an ultimate treasure to me and would be perfect for the reconstruction of my new body,” the million-year-old spirit said. “I’ve refined it for four years and I’m now on the verge of succeeding... I’ve used my secret techniques to obtain some information from this heart!”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 939:


Chapter 956 - Are You Interested?


"What?

"So, the Storm Platform is actually the Chaos Demon Emperor's discarded heart?"

This theory made Ye Qingyu extremely shocked.

To be honest, Ye Qingyu had felt for a long time that the Storm Platform was very strange. Not only was it virtually indestructible, but it also consumed fresh blood. He thought that it was part of some sinister plan of the Greater One Sect—he had never imagined that it could have originated from the Chaos Demon Emperor. He realized that the sect had been using the platform merely as an arena for combat all this while, only activating it when it was time for the Storm Sword Duel Gathering. Obviously, they also did not know its actual history. As for the previous sect that had owned the platform before being destroyed by the Greater One Sect, Ye Qingyu was not able to determine if they knew about its true origin or not.

Suddenly, he quickly realized that when he entered the [Infinite Arsenal] in the Alliance of Domains earlier, he had seen a huge gate and a platform at the center of the arsenal that seemed to be of a similar make to the Storm Platform.
Could they have also been body parts discarded by the Chaos Demon Emperor? Does this also mean that the anonymous martial emperor that created the [Infinite Arsenal] was the Chaos Demon Emperor himself?

This would be hard to prove.

The [Infinite Arsenal] was created in a different era than the period of the glorious reign of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

It was a puzzle.

Everything was a puzzle to him now.

Ye Qingyu shook his head and cast all of these wild guesses out of his mind for the time being.

"Could the message that you got from this Chaos Demon Heart be connected to the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor?" Ye Qingyu could not help asking.

"That's right. The Chaos Demon Heart was the heart discarded by the Chaos Demon Emperor after his ninety-nineth reincarnation. It could be said that he had reached the peak of his martial skills at that point, and that the body part discarded by him during that reincarnation was the strongest compared to the others. Therefore, there's a huge secret hidden within this heart. Perhaps it even contains the secrets of the emperor before his ninety-nineth reincarnation. Even though I don't know why he didn't retrieve such an important piece of himself back, to me it's the best material for refining one's body. Although I've come to understand the intricacies of its form during these four years, I've not been able to completely grasp the entirety of its profundity. I only managed to understand some of them, especially the parts about the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. As such, I could deduce the time and place when the hall would resurface again," said the million-year-old spirit.

"Exactly what sort of secret is hidden in the Reincarnation Hall that could create a Great Emperor? Also, what does the 'Opportunity to turn Emperor' refer to? Don't tell me the Chaos Demon Emperor is passing on his title?" Ye Qingyu asked one question after another, as if he was a curious newborn who knew nothing about the world around him.

"Hahaha, of course he's not passing on his title. No matter how powerful a martial emperor is, passing on one's title to someone else will not instantly make that person become as skilled. The Great Dao is vast, and the people from later generations might not be able to go along the same path as their forebears did. This is simply because their forebears had forged their own paths, and those from later generations would only be blindly following what they did. How could something as difficult to attain as the title of martial emperor be conferred on someone that merely mimicked the actions of his forebears? From the beginning of time, every martial emperor forged his or her own unique path. If the Chaos Demon Reincarnation Scripture, the Chaos Demon Emperor's lifetime work, was the only item inside the Reincarnation Hall, he would not have impacted future generations as much as he did, nor would there be so many martial emperors created. As such, I can conclude that the 'Opportunity to become Emperor' does not merely mean taking over his mantle," said the million-year-old spirit while laughing. It explained patiently to Ye Qingyu, as if it wanted to counsel and remind him that he had to forge his own path if he wanted to reach the peak of the martial way.

Ye Qingyu was no fool, and naturally, he could understand the motives of this being. He thanked it profusely for its advice.

He could not help but question it further, however, "Since the 'opportunity' doesn't simply mean taking over the mantle of the Chaos Demon Emperor, what could it mean?" He was really trying to get to the bottom of things, and he only did so because he felt extremely close to the spirit, as if they were kin. As such, he was not worried and spoke his mind, something he would not do if it were another stranger.

"About that... even I don't know. The person that knows the answer has either become a martial emperor or has died. There have been so many legends over the years, and I don't think they're all made up. Before I met with my mishap, there were already tales of the Chaos Demon Emperor's Reincarnation Hall, and no one doubted them during my time. I had the fortune to live in a glorious period where the Reincarnation Hall appeared in the human world. There was endless bloodshed because of it; many tried to take it as their own. Dozens of quasi-emperors fought in the skies, and six great domains were ripped apart as a result of their terrible battle. They fought tooth and nail over the hall, and six of them died..." The spirit sighed as it recollected this part. "The fearsome scenes are still fresh in my memory. Out of the four surviving quasi-emperors, one retreated after suffering injuries, while the other three entered the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. That ended the struggle, but no one ever heard of any living being crowned as emperor after that. I'm afraid that all three died in the hall. Think about it—quasi-emperors are the strongest beings in the human world, second only to true emperors. They have mastered the Dao and can sense destiny, as well as being able to calculate the right moment to do certain things. If even they believed the legend of 'opportunity' was to be found within the Reincarnation Hall, then it must be true."

"Wow... there were ten quasi-emperors at that time? And they ripped apart the space of six great domains? That's... really scary," replied Ye Qingyu, feeling fearful.

That incident had occurred millions of years ago, but Ye Qingyu could still feel the fear of the onlookers as he heard this being describe the battle nonchalantly. To him, witnessing ten quasi-emperors battling each other and ripping open the space of other domains was a legendary spectacle.

"That wasn't anything special, just ten quasi-emperors fighting one another. The Vast Thousand Domains are boundless, and there are millions of domains. There can only be one Great Emperor, but many quasi-emperors. I believe that there were some of them who did not show themselves during that time, for whatever reasons. Even in today's age, do you think there's only one quasi-emperor? You're wrong. They're hiding themselves and unwilling to fight over trivial matters with the other humans. They'll only rise when something big happens, and when it's the right time for them to emerge..." said the spirit confidently.

"What? Are you telling me that there are many quasi-emperors alive in today's Vast Thousand Domain, senior?"

Ye Qingyu was a little shocked to hear the spirit's words. This meant that there were other quasi-emperors in the world apart from Li Xiaofei, and that was news to him.

Li Xiaofei had stood head and shoulders above the other martial artists of the Vast Thousand Domains, and Ye Qingyu had never heard of anyone who was on par with him. The human quasi-emperor was the only person whose reputation withstood the test of time, but yet the spirit's claims could also be true. The Great Emperor was responsible for carrying out the will of the heavens, and there could only be one of them at any one time—one had to pass on before the next could rise. Quasi-emperors, on the other hand, were only somewhat responsible for executing divine will, therefore it was a real possibility that there could be two or more of them.

"Of course," replied the million-year-old spirit.

Ye Qingyu remained silent for a while.

He needed time to process the news which he had just received today.

"You just said earlier, senior, that quasi-emperors could predict how things in the world would turn out, and that it was from such a method that they knew about when the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor would appear. You also said that there were many of them in the world. Doesn't that imply that new quasi-emperors will rise from the recent bloodshed that happened in the Clear River Domain? Wouldn't they rush here, and wouldn't there be a repeat of the old battle, resulting in domains being ripped apart and countless lives being taken?" Ye Qingyu asked. It was his deduction, but he wished that it would not actually happen, as there were many humans living in the Clear River Domain. It was one of the domains in the Vast Thousand Domains that had the densest population of humans.

"If I'm not mistaken, you're correct. When the quasi-emperors first engage, they'll still be mindful about not causing harm to innocent bystanders, but once they get consumed with winning the opportunity to become a true emperor, they'll definitely cause wanton destruction to their surroundings. This was also the reason I told you to evacuate anyone close to you from the Clear River Domain. It's getting close to the day when the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor will re-emerge," said the spirit with a sigh. "I estimate that it'll appear anywhere within one to three months."

"Do you know where it'll appear, senior?" asked Ye Qingyu.

Today, his preconceived notions about the world had been shattered again and again, and he was surprised again and again. By now, he had pretty much lost nearly all of his ability to think and could only question the spirit out of instinct.

"About that... I don't know. Even though I've refined this Chaos Demon Emperor's heart, I still haven't completely merged with it, and the information I have is limited. Furthermore, I only wish to remold my physical body, I don't wish to know all of the secrets of the Chaos Demon Emperor," said the ancient spirit. "I have my own way and don't wish to know how other people did it. I think it's better if I didn't anyway. In this way, I wouldn't be interfered with and I won't take the wrong path."

It spoke incredibly confidently.

Even though Ye Qingyu did not know how powerful this being truly was in its prime, from the way it dismissed the secrets of the Chaos Demon Emperor, he could deduce that it was at least at the quasi-emperor level, or even... higher.

"When I just arrived, I was ambushed at the outskirts of the Eight Peaks. The skirmishers were members of the Greater One Sect, and they wore black armor. They were also adept at hiding in the Void. From what I gather, the Greater One Sect does not possess such skills or personnel. Since you've already been here for four years, do you know where they come from, senior?" Ye Qingyu asked as he exhaled a huge breath of air. He had now turned his focus from legends and secrets of the past to matters of the present.

"Black-armored assailants who came from the dark. I believe they're from beyond the Clear River Realm. Once, when the era of demons and gods was waning, they were powerful. Their technique was mysterious, and no one knew where they came from. Their victims even included demons and gods, but those that you've met are largely inferior to the assassins of that forgotten era. I don't know if they had descendants, but obviously, some factions have already gotten wind of the re-emergence of the Reincarnation Hall and have begun to move. I'm afraid that in the days to come, any martial artist with the power to take part in the fight for the hall will congregate here..." The ancient spirit predicted confidently. "Also, if I'm not mistaken, an ancient monster that has been dormant for thousands of years has already arrived in the Clear River Domain but still hasn't shown itself."

Is he referring to the assassins in black armor?

Ye Qingyu thought, secretly agreeing.

They were extremely evil and strange. The unknown assailants were a force similar to Song Xiaojun's Unmoving City of Darkness in the past with only some slight distinctions. It was also due to this reason that Ye Qingyu followed them closely.

"How about it, young fellow. After we've spoken about so many things, are you feeling up to the task of taking part in the fight to become an emperor?" asked the ancient spirit as it laughed loudly.

Me?

Ye Qingyu was slightly stunned.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 940:


Chapter 957, Another possibility



In truth, listening to the million-year-old soul speak of so many secrets, especially involving the opportunity of becoming Emperor, someone so determined to set foot on the peak of martial arts like Ye Qingyu would be lying if he said he wasn't tempted. But even if he was tempted that did not mean he was really going to compete, because this was an opportunity that even Quasi-emperor-level existences would participate in. Even if Ye Qingyu had many hidden cards and no matter how high his ambition was, he also would not naively think that he could compete with Quasi-emperors. Given his cultivation level, he could fight against top Great Saints, but if he were to run into Quasi-emperors, he would not even be able to look them in the eye.

“This junior’s only hope is that my friends and relatives would be safe, and if I can protect the citizens of Clear River Domain that would be even better. As for becoming Emperor...” Ye Qingyu smiled broadly, “This junior has only just reached the Saint realm, my foundation is not solid enough. I know I am not destined to become Emperor, and also dare not to force it.”

“You are speaking truthfully?”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

“No future prospects, no ambition.” The million-year-old soul reprimanded, but there was a faint smiling expression on his face.

Ye Qingyu was not annoyed at all. He simply smiled.

“The greatest temptation is in front of you, yet you are not tempted, and you have no covetous thoughts. Very few people at your age can do this. This is also your strong point.” The million-year-old soul all of a sudden changed topics, and instead began to compliment Ye Qingyu. “Especially since your first thought are your friends and relatives and fellow citizens... Well, I have to admit that you are to my liking, little fellow. Haha!”

After a hearty laughter, the million-year-old soul changed topic once again, “But, I still suggest that you fight this time because in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor there is not only the opportunity of becoming Emperor, but also divine treasures, cultivation manuals, legendary potions and other opportunities. The years that the Chaos Demon Emperor dominated the God and Demon Age was not very long, but he was a collector. In his life, it was unknown how many cities he had taken, how many races he had massacred and how many primitive mythological animals he had slaughtered. The countless heavenly treasures he had collected were stored in the Reincarnation Hall. Later as the God and Demon Age came to an end, many species became extinct and items were lost. The only divine objects of the God and Demon Age that one could find were in the Hall of Reincarnation. If one could obtain those, it would be enough to let an empire or a race rise. The calm pond surface is always cultivating the bravest sailors. On the road of martial arts, one must not advance rashly and with greed, but pay attention to determination and initiative.”

“What Elder means is...” Ye Qingyu was almost confused by the words of the million-year-old soul.

“What I mean is very simple. You should compete if you can. The Quasi-emperors are competing for the opportunity of becoming emperor, you are competing for other opportunities. There is no clash, as long as you don’t compete with the Quasi-emperors, they will not bother you. If my guess is right, the major forces, old monsters, ancient sects, and imperial courts would select their most outstanding young genius to participate in this fight. Your opponents are the younger generation.” The million-year-old soul made a very clear analysis.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

If that was the case, he indeed could compete.

As long as it was not against the Quasi-emperor monsters but the young genius of all major forces, then Ye Qingyu was very confident.

Moreover, as a martial artist, Ye Qingyu, in fact, deep inside, wanted to experience the magnificent scene. The Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor only appeared once in tens of thousands of years, and would definitely draw out the top experts of the Vast Thousand Domains. At that time, he could have a glance at the graceful bearing of these top experts.

“Haha, little guy is tempted, then it's settled.” The million-year-old soul laughed. “Besides, I will be there. I also will not hide this from you, there is something I need to obtain in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, but it is not that Emperor opportunity. This time, if you decide to fight, I will walk with you, and I will protect you.”

“Elder is also going?” Ye Qingyu was somewhat surprise.

“Yes, I am still short of one thing for the new body. There is one thing I need to obtain.” The million-year-old soul said frankly. “This thing, I have lost millions of years ago, now I need to retrieve it. From the information in the Chaos Demon Heart, I found that it is in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. If I can get my hands on it, I can restore my peak cultivation base of the past.”

Ye Qingyu very seriously pondered for a moment before he said, “Then I will go with Elder to try and help out. This junior owes Elder two great favours, so I also want to contribute with my meager efforts.”

“Well, it's decided.” The million-year-old soul burst into a hearty laughter. “I still need three days and three nights to completely transform this Chaos Demon Heart. If you have other things to do, you can quickly sort them out first. In three days’ time we will meet up here.”

With that, the Storm Platform trembled. Its thick vein patterns all began to twinkle and glow, as if something was flowing in the veins. It was extremely bizarre. The vein patterns began to contract and swell up in an orderly manner, like a heart, beating slightly.

Ye Qingyu knew that the million-year-old soul had begun to fall back into the process of mediation and refining the Chaos Demon Heart.

He gave a bow before he left the eighth peak of the Greater One Sect.

As he left the mountain gate, dozens of kilometers away, Ye Qingyu found Little Nine teasing a white female tiger who had began to mutate because of the fiendish qi of the Greater One Mountain Range, like a cat playing with a mouse. The female tiger was already riddled with scars, emitting angry roar, but simply could not escape from the mouth of Little Nine.

“Woof, you're here.” Seeing that Ye Qingyu had returned, the silly dog swallowed the female tiger in one gulp, clicked his tongue, and exclaimed excitedly, “Woof found that the things on this mountain are very fun, very delicious.”

The corner of Ye Qingyu's mouth twitched, but he didn't say anything.

He thought to himself that in the future he must keep a distance from Little nine, Ximen Yeshui and Li Chankong. Before, the silly dog would only fool around with a little female dog, but now he even dared to tease a female tiger. In the future even a female dragon may not be able to escape from his evil clutches?

“Have you discovered anything here?” Ye Qingyu asked.

He had asked Little Nine to patrol the whole mountain range to see if he could find anything after he sensed that something was strange when he came o the Greater One Mountain Range. Especially since the Greater One Mountain Range had not yet fully recovered after four years. He thought that something unexpected might have happened, but now it probably had something to do with the Storm Platform being refined by the million-year-old soul.

“Yes, there's been a lot of discoveries,.” the silly dog waged its tail.

“Huh?”

“Found some suspicious guys in black armour, with one look and I know they are not any good people.”

“Black armour? Where? Did you capture them?”

“Didn't Woof say that those guys are not good people...”

“...?”

“As Woof's master, you should be very clear that Woof had always swallowed those who do not look like good people. Therefore those suspicious black... ah, yes, the black-amoured soldiers had already been eaten by Woof. The taste is alright, as crisp as chicken.”

“...”

Ye Qingyu was utterly speechless.

This stupid dog had always been so unbelievable.

……

It was the afternoon of the same day when he returned to Flowing Light City.

“Back so soon?” Hu Bugui was surprised. “Have you found anything?”

From his departure to return, Ye Qingyu's trip to the Greater One Mountain Range had not even taken him one day.

“There are some discoveries.” Ye Qingyu weighed the matter in his heart, and had not spoken out what he had encountered right away. It was not because he wanted to conceal the matter of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. There was nothing to hide from Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi. If the two wanted to go to the Reincarnation Hall to fight, then Ye Qingyu would never stop them. After all, it was also a huge opportunity for them. After a brief pause, he added, “I'll tell you in detail later on.”

Everybody returned to the City Lord’s residence.

After numerous changes of City Lords, the City Lord’s residence was a bit shabby compared to how it was four years ago. Especially since the Greater One Army had attacked Flowing Light City, and Chen Zhengliang and the others counterattacked at the risk of their lives. The City Lord’s residence had suffered a great battle, buildings were damaged, and after Miao Wuhen took over Flowing Light City he did not spend a lot of effort in repairing the buildings.

“According to the information I found, it seems that Greater One Army has no intention of taking back Flowing Light City. Within tens of hundreds of kilometers, there is no sign of them. This is a bit strange.” Nan Tieyi, who was the Young Lord of Immortal God Emperor Sect, was very well-informed.

Ye Qingyu didn't speak.

But he knew what was going on.

The Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor was about to descend. If his guess was correct, then the Greater One Army must be gathering all of its forces and preparing in the core area. They would not pay any attention to Flowing Light City. It was obvious that this was not the focus area.

Previously, he was a little worried that the Greater One Army would retaliate and attack Flowing Light City on a large scale, but now it seemed that, at least before the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor descends, there would be no such thing happening. And after this event was over, it was hard to say whether the Greater One Sect would still exist or not. As long as the whole Clear River Domain was not destroyed during the fights among the Quasi-emperors as the million-year-old soul had said, then Flowing Light City would be relatively safe.

Where would the Chaos Demon Emperor Reincarnation Hall descend?
Ye Qingyu was little puzzled.

But for some reason, at this moment, he again remembered a scene he saw in his divine sense. The collapsing of mountains, the earth quaking, rivers cracking, and the falling of experts. The terrifying doomsday-like scene had terrified Ye Qingyu. And later he inferred that the scene happened in the Wei River Mountain Range. At that time, Ye Qingyu thought it was a scene of the Greater One Sect attacking the mountain gate of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, but Nan Tieyi had confirmed that the Immortal God Emperor Sect was still safe so far.

Ye Qingyu was relieved when he heard that.

But at this very moment, lightning flashed across Ye Qingyu's mind as he suddenly thought of a very terrifying possibility.

Where the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor was going to descend would not be the Wei River Mountain Range, would it?

Perhaps the scene he saw was not something that had happened, but what was going to happen in the future? ——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

