Chapter 417:


There was an excited light flickering in Ximen Yeshui's eyes, like he was a cat that was about to trespass on a shallow pond with lots of fatty fish. He could not wait to feast.

Wen Wan's hands also loosened on Little Nine.

But at this time, an unexpected change appeared.

There was a figure that walked out from deep within the place where the Brute Race envoys were staying. An expert that seemed like a Brute, under the accompaniment of hundreds of Brute Race soldiers, walked out from the street.

As the surrounding people saw this scene, they also became tense.

Was there really a great battle that was going to happen?

Everyone subconsciously retreated.

There was disdain in the eyes of the Brute warrior as he came to the front. His gaze passed by Gao Han and the others. It was unknown what his thoughts were, as he remained silent for tens of breaths. Gritting his teeth, he beckoned behind him.

There were several Brute Race soldiers that came from behind him.

Five in total.

They had all taken off their armour. Their muscular upper bodies covered in black tattoos were exposed, like they were five gigantic bears. They had snow white curved fangs and horns that belonged specially to soldiers of the Brute Race, a foot long. From their appearance, they seemed like beasts.

Gao Han was shaken.

These five Brute Race soldiers, were namely the five trash that had ruined those girls.

For the Brute Race envoys to bring them out, what were their intentions?

At this time, the leader of the Brute Race from far off let out a grunt. He opened his mouth, with strange sounding human language that Gao Han and the others could barely understand. Word by word, "Children of the Brute Race, will never be slaughtered by others. We will only die in battle, and we will not die in the execution blades of other races. If you want vengeance for those girls, then use the method of true, strong experts.”

As he finished, those five Brute Race soldiers began sneering and letting out roars of rage.

The human citizens from far off, seeing this scene, instantly let out a barrage of insults. There were even braver people far off that threw rocks from far away.

Gao Han finally understood the meaning of this Brute.

They wanted to fight?

He thought for a bit, then turned to look at the others. With a smile, "What do you think?"

Ximen Yeshui was evidently disappointed. He casually gave the five Brute Race soldiers a glance, then impatiently proposed, "Five, why don't we just completely overturn this den of Brutes. After all, they're not good people at all...”

Gao Han's lips twitched, then he completely ignored the proposal of this battle maniac.

Wen Wan pressed his lips together, not saying anything.

"This... we still need to replan and discuss. If we make a big issue out of this, it will not be beneficial towards the Lord..." Liu Jingyan said hesitatingly.

"That's right, that's right, making peace is best..." Dai Youmeng also seemed somewhat hesitant.

Gao Han smiled, then looked towards Yang Henshui and Li Changheng.

Yang Henshui did not say anything, but took step after step forward, Grabbing his elegant halberd that flickered with light, he held it in his hands.

"Who will come first to die?"

This frustrated blade expert, when he stepped onto the battlefield, he let out a fierce and acute will to do battle.

The five Brute Race soldiers looked at each other. The person at the right suddenly stood out with a sinister smile.

Te black tattoos on his body began flickering like black poisonous snakes. There was a black blade like tattoo that grew along his arm, finally reaching his hands, and transforming into a long giant blade.

The halberd in Yang Henshui's hands belonged to the huge category amongst the experts of the Human Race. But compared to the long blade held in the hands of the three meter tall Brute Race soldier, it was not even half the size.

Yang Henshui did not even say a word, swinging his blade out.

The blade qi was like a wave, cutting apart the air. One could visibly see the air exploding towards two sides. A sword qi line, in the time of a spark, cut out towards the Brute Race soldier.

That Brute Race soldier swung his blade to meet this blade qi.

Boom!

It was a battle of blade versus blade.

Power versus power.

Amidst the explosion, the long blade in the hands of the Brute Race soldier shattered and became pieces of black butterflies. His entire person flew out like a wooden puppet, wound after wound appearing on his right hand. You could faintly see white bone, and his muscles continued to tear towards his right shoulder.

"With your cultivation, you can't even receive half my move. To think you can block this blade... don't hide anymore, release the power that does not belong to you in your body. If you don't receive the next move, you won't have an opportunity anymore!" Yang Henshui faintly said.

With the halberd in his hand, stepping into the battlefield, he was a completely different person. He was no longer as silent and as dejected as before. The previously silent and wasted soldier was currently like a treasured sword that had been taken out of it's hilt. Its radiance was enough to pressure someone, he had a light that made others not dare stare directly at him.

The Brute Race soldiers evidently faintly understood Yang Henshui's meaning.

He roared loudly. Before the blood from this right hand had even dripped to the ground, it seemed as if it was alive. Under the golden thread that could not be discerned by normal eyes, such blood seeped into the black-coloured tattoos on his body...

There was an excited and painful expression on the face of this Brute Race soldier.

His fang elongated, his figure expanding. A terrifying energy exploded from his body, and his aura was like surging waves that madly rose...

"Kill you!"

The huge blade once again appeared, and there was the strange gold colour of the blade that flickered throughout emitting an aura of eeriness.

The Brute Race soldier charged towards him.

Yang Henshui was expressionless. Using a strange position, he held the halberd.

"Careful..." Gao Han could not help but shout out a warning.

Because after such a strange change had appeared on the Brute Race soldier, his power had grown to an unbelievable level. His level was absolutely not any lower than Yang Henshui’s, the long faint golden blade that had appeared in his hands had a forbidden energy that caused Gao Han's heart to pound.

The Brute Race soldier was cheating.

At this moment, Gao Han suddenly understood.

But it seemed that everything was already too late.

"Hahaha... I'll kill you with one strike!" Amidst Yang Henshui’s long roar, his figure moved, then like a bolt of lightning, he shot forward.

Without fear, without care.

With the blade in his hand, there was an enemy in front of him.

Kill!

A gust of wind blew Yang Henshui's hair.

In his clearly defined square face, there was a determination that could not be regarded fully at that instant. There was the unmovable will to move forward that truly belong to a soldier flickering in his eyes.

In the air.

The two long blades clashed again.

A sparkling light exploded. At that moment, everyone could not help but close their eyes. It was as if there was suddenly another sun in the air. A piercing light covered everything in sight, and even the white flowers had lost their splendour.

In a flash.

The light faded.

Everyone could see Yang Henshui walk step by step, his gait stable as he walked out from the battlefield. He held the blade in his hands, walking against the light, as if he was a hero that had returned from a hundred battles.

From far off.

The figures of the Brute Race soldier quivered, then suddenly turned into tens of pieces. He was like stacking blocks that suddenly collapsed.

The big head rolled several times on the ground, it's eyes large and opened wide. It was as if he did not believe he would die like this even until the moment of his death!

"Officer Yang, you...!“

Gao Han wanted to go assist Yang Henshui.

Because the Yang Henshui coming towards them seemed incomparably tragic.

A blade wound extended from his left shoulder to his right hip. Thankfully, the blade wound was not deep. But this wasn’t the most terrifying injury. Because half his face seemed to have been burnt by fire, and had lost it's form. Burnt wounds covered all around him, as if he was wood that had been touched by flames. It was hard to believe that he was still alive!

"I am fine... I can still endure this. Don't worry, this is my first battle in twenty years. It's worth it even if I die!” There was a trace of satisfaction in Yang Henshui's voice.

"Why must you fight hard with hard. The power in that Brute's body does not belong to him. As long as you delay and avoid him for a bit, he would not be able to endure it for too long..." Gao Han sighed.

At this time, the seven Envoys of Light could already tell that there was a surge of external power that was forced into the Brute Race soldier by true experts from the Brute Race envoys. This was a terrifying energy that was left in the bodies of these soldiers. If it exploded, it was enough to instantly kill a Bitter Sea stage expert at the early stages of the Bitter Sea.

But Yang Hengshui smiled..

"I said I would would use only one strike, so it's only one strike. The words of a soldier will never change..." His eyes suddenly became incomparably gentle, as if he had suddenly thought of something. He held the blade in his right hand, his left hand stroking the body of the blade, as if he was touching the skin of his most beloved woman. "Old comrade, you've tasted the blood of the Brutes, will you regain the will you had in the past?"

The halberd faintly vibrated, letting out a hum.

As if it was replying Yang Henshui.

Gao Han was taken aback.

Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui looked towards Yang Henshui, their gazes changed. This was the first time they had expressions of admiration as they looked towards the military person that was ridiculously silent.

There was only Dai Youmeng and Liu Jingyan who had lowered heads. It was unknown what their thoughts were.

Because of these series of movements, the burnt skin on his face instantly cracked. Shocking blood and flesh lines began to get exposed as a surge of scorching alien power was evidently still destroying and corroding him within his body.

His body quivered, but he ultimately still remained standing where he was.

" I will leave the other four to you." Yang Henshui held his blade as he stood where he was, his expression calm.

"Hahaha..." Li Changheng suddenly let out a long laugh.

"Old Yang, you're really amazing. Today, it seems I've met the true you." The noble young man walked towards the Brute Race soldier holding a wine gourd, his long hair and robes fluttering. Loudly, "However, I will also make you meet the true me."

Li Changheng acted.

At that time, there was a heaven shattering round of applause and cheers that emitted from the crowd far away. After their initial shock, those that had reacted, felt there was something within their bodies burning, that could not wait to be released.

That blade, that person...

That wine gourd, that person...

As well as those words!

It was as if the courage that had been suppressed by fear deep within their bodies was suddenly encouraged out. It could not be stopped as it possessed everyone's bodies.

The crowd moved forward step by step.

Even though they did not have the ability to aid the brave warriors who protected the dignity of the Human Race, but at least they could show the meagerest of support.

This was everyone's thinking.

Boom!

There was another terrifying explosion that appeared from the battlefield.

A resplendent light once again appeared.

This time, nearly everyone, even if they were hurt by the blinding white light, did not close their eyes. They patiently waited for the moment when the light would fade and the dust would settle, expectantly waiting for the result of the second battle.

A long laughter emitted.

Li Changheng elegantly walked out. There was no trace of any injuries on his face, his handsome appearance and his frivolous smile enough to make the most beautiful girl infatuated and screech.

"Haha, old Yang, do you admit defeat?" He laughed greatly.

Yang Henshui's as well as everyone's gaze, landed on him.

Because apart from his unharmed face and head, on the chest and stomach of Li Changheng, there were many grevious wounds. All his muscles had nearly been completely burnt, and one could faintly see that the organs inside were also completely black. Black-coloured blood dripped down, forming footprint after footprint...

Yang Henshui pressed his lips together: "Even if he dies, he needs his face!

Li Changheng bit his teeth. Go away. I'm different from you, I still need this face to charm thousands of girls, of course I have to protect this face. With your square face, it's no different even if it's destroyed..."

Then they both laughed.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 418:


The clear and bright laughter of the two resounded throughout the crowd, infecting countless people.

There was also a smile on Gao Han's face.

He knew that this was true and real Li Changheng and Yang Henshui. Normally, one would silently focus on martial arts alone, while the other would wander and drink to drown his sorrows, these were only an outer facade.

Dai Youmeng and Liu Jingyan still had lowered heads, not saying anything.

The surrounding crowd let out even more explosive cheers and applause, as if it was spring thunder. It swept away all the gloominess that enshrouded these streets these days. An unprecedented atmosphere began resounding throughout everyone's heart.

"Hachi hachi... mad dog Wen, let me go, let me go..." Seeing this scene, Little Nine became even more agitated. All the white fur on his body was standing up, his two paws wildly scrambling in the air as he began to struggle fiercely.

"I need to go kill the enemies, I need to kill the group of little Brutes..." He began roaring.

For this black bellied dog that was so vain, after following behind demon king Ye for so long, he had been influenced. With such an ideal opportunity to be in the spotlight, how could he let this pass by?

Wen Wan thought for a bit, then loosened his hand.

"Eh?" Little Nine was dumbstruck for a moment, before momentum carried him forward... With a whoosh, he transformed into a bolt of white lightning that shot out. His speed was too fast, he could not be stopped. With a bang, he directly struck one of the three remaining Brute Race soldiers.

The three Brute Race soldiers were also stunned at this time.

"Wuwu..."

There was the sounds of wu wu coming from the mouth of the silly dog.

He was like mud that slowly slid down from the tall body of the Brute Race soldier. He fell on the ground, his head completely dizzy, stars around him.

"Mad dog Wen... you stupid useless... why did you let go so suddenly... woof, woof, I've hit into something... woof, it hurts!" Little Nine stood up shakily, as if he was drunk, his footsteps unsteady.”

"You told me to let go." Wen Wan let out a black bellied smile.

"Oh? But... when you release, you should warn me beforehand..." Little Nine was about to be driven mad.

"Oh, next time." Wen Wan seriously nodded his head.

Little Nine, "Old Wen, I can tell, you are deliberately doing this to me. Wait until next..."

Before he had finished.

"Go die!"

A Brute Race soldier let out an enraged roar, his face filled with a sinister killing intent. He suddenly lifted his leg that had massive steel boots on with massive soles, and sent it crashing mercilessly towards Little Nine, as if he was stamping to kill an ant.

"Careful..."

"Quickly dodge!“

"Don't..."

Within the crowd, there was already someone who could not help but screech.

For those who did not understand that Little Nine was a little demon wearing the outer skin of a cute animal, this was an utterly cruel and merciless scream. A cute little white spirit, was about to be brutally crushed alive by the Brute Race soldier. For those with a healthy amount of pity, they had already closed their eyes.

Ximen Yeshui and Wen Wan also similarly closed their eyes.

"Too cruel!“

"I can't bear to watch."“

These were the words uttered by the two.

Then they could hear the furious roar like the roar of a tiger, "I didn't even finish speaking, you dare stamp on me? I'll bite you to death, woof woof!”

The Little Nine that was originally still wobbling suddenly lifted his head. His head that was the size of a hand, suddenly expanded countless times. A great bloody mouth began to open, and his little white translucent teeth had suddenly transformed into teeth that were like sharp blades and swords and his blood red tongue that had barbs on it licked out...

The Brute Race soldier that had stepped out with his foot was instantly swallowed into the mouth of this little dog.

Gao Han was dumbstruck.

Liu Jingyan, Dai Youmeng were also similarly dumbstruck.

Yang Henshui, Li Changheng were also dumbstruck.

The surrounding people spectating were all dumbstruck.

This... what was happening?

From what it seemed like, it was like that Brute Race soldier had committed suicide by walking into Little Nine's mouth. But the important point was, how was it possible for such a cute little dog to have such a large mouth?

Just what was this monster?

And at this time, Little Nine had already turned back to his cute and adorable appearance before. His pink little tongue was licking at his lips, his mouth chomping away, "Strange taste, it's sour... en, and somewhat bitter!”

The other two Brute Race soldiers had disbelieving expressions as they subconsciously jumped away.

After all, their comrade had disappeared in but a blink.

Little Nine lazily scratched his head, then suddenly jumped up. He demonstrated the sharp claws he had under his chubby flesh, and tore apart the plaque hung high up that said [Humans are like dogs, not allowed inside]

"If you look down on dogs, then you look down on me. If you look down on me, then you deserve to die..." It made a gesture that he thought was extremely elegant and handsome, as he stated proudly.“

"Sigh, too cruel." Wen Wan shook his head.

"That's right, I really can't look at such a cruel scene," Ximen Yeshui said with a smile and somewhat closed eyes.

Only those two had long known that such a scene would happen.

Suddenly---

"Belch!"——

The little body of Little Nine suddenly quivered, as he let out a burp. He opened his mouth, and a faint golden fire kindling came out, as well as black smoke from his nostrils...

“Hiccup!”

His body suddenly began shaking like a sifting chaff, as he continued to let out belches. There were constantly little fire kindlings as well as sulphuric smelling black smoke that came out from his mouth, turning his white fur completely black.

Had he gone rabid?

"Not good... Belch... I've eaten something wrong... Belch... these motherfucking Brutes, do they never wash their body? Hiccup..." The dog continued to cough and burp, fire and smoke continuing to come from his mouth.

Then he turned into a stream of light. With a whoosh, he disappeared from where he was.

"Belch... I'm returning to go take a shit, belch... hiccup... I won't eat random things from now on... those damn brutes... they're even more disgusting than shit... you, quickly kill the two that are left over before returning..."

From far away, there was the enraged voice of Little Nine.

Wen Wan stopped and was dumbstruck yet again, "Could it be... you've eaten shit before?"

Gao Han directly spluttered after hearing this.

He had once been a respectful and hidden expert that was famed throughout the Jianghu in the South. [The Fisherman of Han River] had never lost his composure like this before... but he felt that he was nearly completely broken by these maniacs.

The other side.

there was silence all around.

After a long while, there was a swathe of laughter that came from the crowd.

There were some people that hugged there stomach, there were some people that laughed till tears came from their eyes. Everyone was amused and entertained by this cute and milky white little dog. How could it be possible there was such a cute little thing in the world?

But on the faces of Gao Han, Liu Jingyan and the others, they all had shocked and serious expressions.

Previously, they had only thought that this little milky white dog had gained intelligence, that's why it was able to speak. They did not imagine he would have such a strong side. Although the strength of the Brute Race soldiers were only average, but there was a powerful brute magic force within their bodies. It was enough to instantly kill someone at the early stages of the Bitter Sea stage, to think it would be completely swallowed in one mouthful by this little milky dog pretending to be crazy...

It seemed like the people and items that was beside the Lord could not be underestimated at all.

If this crazy little dog was so terrifying, then what about that little white rabbit with pink eyes beside the Lord. Just how fearful would it be?

As this thought occurred to Liu Jingyan and Dai Youmeng, their hearts shivered.

At the same time, Ximen Yeshui came to the two Brute Race soldiers that were left.

"Ever since coming to the [Light Palace], I haven't done anything. This time, I'll show my ability and help my brother Ye..." He laughingly beckoned to the two Brute Race soldiers, "Come together, don't waste time for me to send you on your way! Tonight, I have a meeting with little Sakura to recite poems and admire the moon."

There was a vicious light in the eyes of the two Brute Race soldiers.

"Ai? You don't understand?" Ximen Yeshui extended his thumb that slowly pointed downwards, then jerked it downwards several times.

This proved that this provocative action was universal throughout the world.

At this, the two Brute Race soldiers could no longer suppress the rage in their hearts. They charged forward together.

Ximen Yeshui laughingly grabbed in the air, then a faint pale blue trident appeared in his hands.

He stood where he was his, and jabbed several times with his trident.

The two Brute Race soldiers, for some unknown reason, were like wooden puppets. They could not even dodge before they were completely stabbed through by the trident. Then they fell on the ground and could not be even more dead!

Double kill!

No one had reacted to what had just happened.

Gao Han's pupils shrunk.

Liu Jingyan and Dai Youmeng felt a chill that began shooting up from their spine, directly to their heads, as if their brains were about to explode.

This... just what level was this power?

This dark faced scholar that would go with Li Changheng to the brothels everyday was so powerful?

The Yang Henshui with half a burnt face also quivered, blood flying everywhere.

Li Changheng was originally still grimacing in pain, but was suddenly taken aback. Then he began cursing and grumbling in a low voice: "Ximen, you damn dog. You steal my women when you come to the brothel with me, but right now you are even stealing my spotlight that I had in battle. I nearly died to kill one, but you just jabbed a couple of times before two died..."

Opposite.

The soldiers of the Brute Race envoys as well as the Brute Race leader, only just reacted from within their shock.

Looking at the corpses of their two comrades, as well as those two bodies that had exploded, as well as one which had been eaten by that dog, the rage in the hearts of these Brutes had reached the extreme. Thinking back to the orders of Jin San, then looking at the dark faced scholar holding a trident from far off, they could only choose to endure it right now!"

"You will pay the price."

The Brute Race leader bit his teeth as he said, "The courageous warriors of the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race, absolutely does not fear death. Moreover, they have returned to the embrace of the everlasting heaven... but for you, you stupid humans, you will soon know what is called fury, what is called regret.”

Gao Han pressed his lips together, not saying a word and turning to leave.

Since the order of the Palace Lord had already been completed, he did not need to argue and exchange threats with these Brutes.

If speaking of rage, the rage gathered in the hearts of the humans was enough to scorch the heavens. When the moment came when such fury was released, it was hard to tell just who would be regretful.

The surrounding people applauded and cheered. Under passionate cheers that was rarely seen these days, the seven Envoys of Light left the location of the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race. Sitting on the flying airship of Light, they directly left.

The flying lightship rose in the air and left.

Within the air, the wind was blowing strongly.

Seeing that the surrounding crowd could not see them, Li Changheng did not try to endure anymore. He began howling like a pig being slaughtered, "Ouch, mother, it really hurts. Quickly go find a doctor, mother, I'm about to die, I'm about to die..."

Gao Han spluttered yet again.

"Look at old Yan, he's not even saying a word. That's how hard he is, isn't that right, old Yang?" As one of the members of the brothel duo, Ximen Yeshui had a disdainful expression towards his comrade, turning his head to look at Yang Henshui.

But he discovered that Yang Henshui had already fainted at some unknown time.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 419:


Gao Han's heart constricted.

He knew in his heart just what kind of iron-blooded man Yang Henshui was very clearly. Even if his flesh was sliced apart blade by blade, Yang Henshui would not even frown. After all, for a Bitter Sea stage expert, unless their heads were destroyed or their internal organs were shattered into pieces, these were not fatal wounds. Mere pain could not be counted as anything for experts at this realm.

But right now, Yang Henshui had fainted.

One could tell just how heavy an injury he had sustained from this fact alone.

This absolutely was not normal pain.

As they spoke, Li Changheng’s voice, after screeching like a pig being slaughtered, gradually weakened. He slowly lay beside Yang Henshui, also fainting. Evidently, he could not stay conscious any longer.

"Crap!" Gao Han hiddenly cursed.

The injuries of the two must be even more terrifying than originally expected.

Wen Wan knelt down and inspected the two. As his hand extended towards the burnt wounded areas on the two's body, there was a scorching flame that was hot like a blade surging out, posing an extremely strange sight.

"This is the power of fire poison, and it's not a normal fire poison." There was a rare serious expression on Wen Wan's face, "Quickly return. This fire poison is most likely something only our Lord will be able to do something about. If we delay in the slightest, then they both will be in danger!"

Gao Han nodded his head, then quickly walked past them, personally controlling the Light flying airship. Like a comet, it flew towards the [Light Palace].

……

……

"Lord, why must you make them go to their deaths?"

In the place where the envoys of the White Mountain Black Water were staying, within the great tent, there was a scholarly looking person of a different race that was looking towards Jin San with a puzzled expression.

As one of the most relied upon strategist by Jin San, this person was bestowed with the surname of Jin. This scolar of another race was called Jin Shun, and he was originally a top level expert. It was said that he had some background, and was not like the other leaders of the Brute Race, where he absolutely feared Jin San. Often, if there were questions that others did not dare ask in front of Jin San, he would ask it. If there were people who did not dare speak in front of Jin San, he would dare speak.

"It's nothing, they just killied some lowly scum women of the Human Race. But they did not follow my orders, so they should long have died. Seeing several women, they could not control themselves. Such warriors are not fit to follow beside me. What worth do they have? Its perfect if they die." There was a faint smile on Jin San's face.

After pausing a bit, he said once again, "To be killed by the experts of the Human Race is the most value that will be gained from them. It can boost the moral of our soldiers. Furthermore..." As he said to here, Jin San's gaze, through the tent, stared at the [Light Palace] far off. "That person in the human [Light Palace] is somewhat interesting. To think he would dare use the Order of Light to provoke me, should I not return him with something? Those seven Envoys of Light, I originally wanted to cripple them all. Who would have thought that these seven envoys were not useless trash. They were outside of my expectations. Especially that dog, as well as that dark faced scholar who came out at the end, they are worth paying attention to!"

Jin Shun lightly caressed his white bone fan. Smiling, "I understand now. Lord, you want that person to expend his attention and cultivation to treat and heal those two... the ['One Taste' True Flame], is unparalleled in the world. Even if that person expended all his cultivation, it is possible that he may not be able to erase it entirely. But it will aid you instead. The profoundness of the ['One Taste' True Flame] will be able to investigate into the martial cultivation of that person."

"It's not only just so." Jin San smiled, saying, "Although the fact that the Human Race has newly appointed this person into the [Light Palace] is somewhat unexpected and surprising, but this is not what we must fear the most. What I mainly want to do is to determine whether that War God of the past still exists or not. He is truly the existence that threatens the life and death of our race. If the situation is not right for us, we will immediately apologize and withdraw our troops and leave the three provinces in the North East. This will prevent that person from destroying and annihilating everything in his rage."

"But in the rumours, is that person not already dead?" Jin Shun asked with surprise. "In these years, our race has probed into this matter countless times, having an infinite number of investigations. Even the three great elders of the Magic Pavillion sacrificed years of their life, but they were not able to find any signs of life from that person. This means, that person has long disappeared and died, his soul scattered and gone. He does not exist in this world anymore."“

"That Fiendgod of the past was far too terrifying. His abilities could bypass the heavens and slice apart the Earth. It is not something you nor I can imagine. With his power alone, he suppressed the Heavens itself. Even if he disappeared for a hundred years, the threat is not yet gone. All the sects within Heaven Wasteland Domain fears to make a move. In these years, all the factions and forces are just testing the waters, fearing that person has left a trap behind. A hundred years, perhaps that is a long time from the perspective of a normal person. But for experts such as them, it is but just an instant. In these hundreds of years, the fact that none of the forces has been able to find any traces of him makes them even more unsettled. For such a Fiendgod, how could he suddenly perish just like that?"

As Jin San spoke of this, there was a deep apprehension in his eyes flashing by.

He was the infamous leader of the [Berserk Horned Army], and he would not even fear an army of thousands. Even in front of the North Eastern Brute Race King, he was fully confident. But to think there would be such an expression revealed when that person's name was mentioned.

Jin Shun nodded his head thoughtfully. "Lord, you mean that only by causing disturbance amongst the capital of the Human Race can we detect some ripples. If that Fiendgod of the past still truly exists, then perhaps he would allow war, fire and conflict to spread everywhere. But he would absolutely not tolerate the [Light Palace] that he constructed with his own hands to be destroyed."

Jin San nodded his head. "The branch of the Saint Race of the North Western Great Desert as well as the demon courts hves also came to Snow Capital. We may not need to do anything ourselves, we can just observe and see."

……

……

"What do you mean?"

Gao Han had anger in his complexion as he stood at the head of the flying airship of Light. He looked towards the military airships that blocked their path.

"Wei Hua of the Right Minster. I am obeying orders to patrol this area. I heard there is a battle occurring near the area where the Brute Race envoys are located. I've already asked the surrounding spectators, it is said that the seven Envoys of Light of the [Light Palace] has incited the Brute Race and caused trouble." A young man wearing pure black armour stood at the very front and center of the airship as he spoke, both his hands crossed as he said such words. He looked to be about twenty years of age, with no hair to be seen on his face. "Is there such a matter?"

Wei Hua”...?”

The [Proud Eagle] that was ranked twelve of the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles] of the Right Minister?

Gao Han instantly knew about the background of this young man.

In other words, these people belonged to the faction of the Right Minister.

But there was impatience in his heart, he wanted to go back quickly and ask Ye Qingyu to treat his two comrades. Hearing this, he clasped his hands, "That's right, we are obeying the orders of the Lord of the Light Palace. We have taken care of those Brute Race soldiers who raped those women several days ago..."

"Hahaha..." The young man called Wei Hua wearing pure black armour let out a long laugh. "No need to explain too much. The reason the Brute Race entered into the capital is to eliminate any hostilities. The Right Minister has long placed an order that one must treat them with courtesy and respect. For you to dare intrude upon their location and kill their people, you really have malicious intentions. Could it be that you want to destroy the negotiation of peace? Follow me and explain yourself at the Right Minister's residence.”

As he spoke.

The surrounding black-coloured flying airships tightened their formation, forcing themselves closer.

Gao Han had an enraged glare as he uttered in a low voice, "When did the matters of the [Light Palace] need explaining to the Right Minister? Laughable. I need to immediately return to report back to my lord in the [Light Palace]. Move away, don't make a mistake."

Every second that was delayed would mean Yang Henshui and Li Changheng would be placed in greater danger.

Gao Han did not have time to be entangled with the people from the Right Minster.

Furthermore, this crowd of people were suspicious. They did not look like they were just patrolling here coincidentally,  but instead had received news and had waited here for them specifically.

"Haha, every matter that has something to deal with the negotiation of peace belongs under the jurisdiction of the Right Minster. What about the [Light Palace]? Could it be that he dares disobey the order of the Right Minister?" Wei Hua uttered with contempt.

After all, so many years had passed by since that existence known as the [Light Palace] had died. Did they think they could rekindle the ashes here?

Furthermore, this time they had long prepared beforehand. They must block the passage of this airship that belonged to the [Light Palace]. They were namely to cause a disturbance, because they wanted to give some pressure towards the little fellows at  the [Light Palace].

"Are you going to move away?" Gao Han's expression darkened.

There was a killing intent flashing by in the eyes of Ximen Yeshui.

Wei Hua had a calm smile, “In these twenty years, there’s no one who has ever dared to use such a tone to speak to me, [Proud Eagle], like so. Gao Han, an Envoy of Light is it? Very good, I’ll remember you.”

Gao Han coldly said, "Don't give me your actions where you pretend to scare others, it's no use on me. I'll ask again, are you going to move away?"

After hearing this, Wei Hua only had a cold smile.

He waved his hands.

All around them, the moan and creaks of bows being pulled back to their fullest could be heard. Cold glimmers of light aimed towards the people on the Light flying airship. These were piercing yuan armour arrows. Under the attack of thousands of arrows, it would pose a threat to even top level experts.

At this time, the surrounding black-coloured airships seemed to form some sort of surrounding formation, causing a palpitating energy fluctuation. Faintly, within the air, there was an invisible power of the formations activating.

"I only need one word. Are you going to follow me away or not?"

Wei Hua had a face filled with contempt and ridicule.

The situation today, had been something they had long prepared for. This was something they had planned deliberately onto the unsuspecting. The abilities of these seven Envoys of Light had clearly been investigated beforehand. Right now, two had nearly been killed. Furthermore, there were many cards hidden up his sleeve, with all sorts of guarantees. As long as he acted, he could instantly use this opportunity to kill the seven Envoys of Light. This could be counted as cutting off seven arms from that little brat. At that time, he would not be able to be so arrogant from then on.

Haha, the [Light Palace] was indeed very terrifying.

But that was only in the past.

Right now, it only had its name without power. It could only be played to it's death by others now.

At this time, Gao Han could already tell that the [Proud Eagle] Wei Hua was targeting them. This was not initially the situation he had imagined, that they were just here to delay themselves. But this was...

In the eyes of Wei Hua, Gao Han was able to see killing intent.

He really was extremely mad and reckless.

"I'll count to three, if you do not obediently follow me to the Right Minister residence to accept questioning, then don't blame me for not showing mercy..." Wei Hua pressed them even more, as he said, word by word, "One... two...”

The atmosphere suddenly grew extremely tense.

At this time, there was a voice that sounded in the air----

"No need to count. You go die."

A figure appeared without any warning beside Wei Hua at the head of the flying airship. With a strike of his hand, light flickered. With the cultivation of the [Proud Eagle] Wei Hua, he was not even able to react. his head was hacked off, and grabbed in the hands of that person.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 420:


His white robes fluttered, his black hair blowing in the wind.

The long slender figure that suddenly appeared towered like a dragon. He stood silently at the head of the flying airship, one of his hands holding the head of the [Proud Eagle] Wei Hua amidst the fierce wind, while the other was behind his back. A layer of frost appeared at the bottom section of the head, so it did not drip with blood.

The headless body of Wei Hua was also similarly sealed with ice. It silently stood there.

The change had occurred far, far too suddenly.

At that instant, everything stopped.

No one dared believe the [Proud Eagle] Wei Hua, one of the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles] of the Right Minister, a famed person on the [Heavenly Officer List] of the empire, would be killed just like so. Under the protection of so many subordinates and flying airships, in but the time of a spark, without any chance to resist, he was slaughtered just like killing a chicken.

"Lord!"

"Palace Lord!"

After being taken aback, Gao Han and the others were delighted, quickly bowing to pay their respects.

The person that suddenly appeared, that stood towering next to the headless corpse, if it was not Ye Qingyu who else could it be?

Ye Qingyu lightly waved his hand, indicating for everyone to rise.

His gaze fell on Yang Henshui and Li Changheng’s situation on the Light flying airship. With a thought, he flicked out from his fingers two translucent and beautiful ice crystal snowflakes. It landed on the bodies of the two Envoys of Light and instantly dissolved and disappeared.

But the aura of Yang Hengshui as well as Li Changheng instantly stabilized.

The originally painful expression that was still on the faces of the two unconscious people disappeared at that instant.

"I'll first bring them back to treat their injuries, you guys follow afterwards."

Ye Qingyu gave them instructions as light shot out from his body. It enwrapped around Yang Henshui and Li Changheng. With a flash, both the unconscious experts disappeared from where they were.

What also disappeared along with this was the head of the [Proud Eagle] Wei Hua.

At this time, the experts and soldiers of the Right Minister on the surrounding flying airships finally reacted to what had just happened. Massive shock and rage caused their minds to be nearly completely blank. They utterly did not know what they should do.

Wei Hua's death, from their perspective, was like the heavens itself had collapsed. In so many years, the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles] of the Right Minister had never had any precedent of anyone perishing.

"Shoot your arrows, shoot and kill them!"

The person that seemed to be the deputy commander suddenly let out an enraged roar like he had gone rabid. He pointed at Gao Han and the others on the Light flying airship, his eyes filled with terror…

The death of Wei Hua was similar to an apocalyptic disaster. When they returned to the Right Minister's residence, they would not be able to escape responsibility.

But---

Kacha Kacha Kacha.

A clear and crisp noise like that of an ice pillar shattering emitted.

Those piercing yuan bows suddenly cracked like thin ice.The piercing yuan armour arrows on it could no longer be shot out---- it was said that these bows were made from hundreds of tendons from dragon tendons encircling around together. Swords could not cut it, fire and water could not harm it. It was famed for being tough, but right now it would break with but a light pull.

The reason was that, unbeknownst to everyone, a thin layer of frost had already covered the bows of the divine archers. The bows could not withstand the power of this frost, and had long gone brittle.

But it was not only just so.

Apart from several hundreds of these long bows, the formation cannons on the surrounding flying airships were also covered by frost. It was hard to activate anymore, and they became mute cannons. Even some formations on the body of the flying airships had stopped working. Only the floating formation was forcibly managed to be maintained, otherwise all these flying airships would have long crashed to the ground.

In a flash, nearly all of the military preparations of the patrolling troop lost their battle effectiveness.

"Let's go!"

After seeing this, Gao Han personally activated the Light flying airship. It broke through the pass, knocking away several patrolling airships. It directly charged through the air, disappearing in the direction of the [Light Palace].

Bang!

A light sound.

The headless body of Wei Hua landed heavily on the deck of the flying airship.

The deputy commander’s heart, upon seeing this scene, was like ice.

He knew, that since this had happened, this matter had really gone disastrous.

Someone within the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles] had fallen. This was not like the death of other officials, this was well and truly slapping the Right Minister's residence on the  face. One could imagine, once news of this spread through the channels, the entire capital would be shaken.

Was a storm really about to arrive?

……

……

The entire empire was moved.

It was like these two pieces of news had wings that grew on them. It began to madly spread throughout all the major cities of Heaven Wasteland Domain. Every time someone heard these two pieces of news, they would just give a light laugh, thinking it to be ridiculous information and then discarded it. Absolutely no one would believe it, just who did they think they were joking with.

The soldiers of the envoy group of White Mountain Black Water were killed?

The [Proud Eagle] Wei Hua of the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles] was killed?

And it was done by the same person as well as on his orders?

Just how was this possible?

Apart from the Imperial family, the forces of the Right Minister were the greatest in the capital. Outside the empire, the Demon Race as well as the Brute Race was the strongest powers. No matter whether it was the Right Minister, or the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race, these were entities that could not be provoked within Heaven Wasteland Domain. But right now, there was someone who offended these two major forces at the same time?

That's why the first reaction people had when they received these two pieces of news was that someone had played a prank on them.

But as the news became more and more intense, and more and more people began discussing this news, as all sorts of details were constantly released, those who originally did not believe in these two pieces of news, began to regard it seriously.

As a result, there were people who specially investigated.

As such, there were people who began enquiring through various channels.

The result of such investigations and enquiries was enough to make one utterly shaken.

The matter, the rumours... they were all real.

After repeated confirmations, these people were all completely dumbfounded.

They had no way of imagining just what kind of tiger guts had the people in the [Light Palace] eaten, that they would dare to first kill the Brute Race soldiers, then the [Proud Eagle] of the Right Minister...  wasn’t... wasn’t this breaking through a whole directly in the sky of the capital?

As for the important people who knew of these news faster and more in detail than the rest, their reactions were nearly the same as these people. But they were able to digest the shock in their hearts faster than them. After their initial shock of hearing such news, they all began taking action.

The gates of the Right Minister's residence opened greatly. The people who departed greatly increased, flying airships as well as battle beasts constantly departing. Those who had military power all returned to the residence one after the other. This was especially so for the experts of the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles], they all flew towards the Right Minister's residence at the first instance.

The Right Minister’s residence originally had a chilliness that was present within it. But on this day, it became increasingly terrifying. The people walking past the residence was able to sense the fearful sinister killing intent emanating from the residence, quickly sped up their footsteps and departed rapidly. It was as if the walls of the Right Minister's residence would collapse at any instant, and there would be a bloodthirsty existence jumping out and finding someone to eliminate.

At the same time, another piece of explosive news began to be spread about.

On the Eastern killing gates of the City of Light, on the punishment pillar, there was a frozen head that was hung high up, showing it to the entire city.

After the confirmation of some people, they immediately discovered that this head was namely the head of Wei Hua, of the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles] of the Right Minister.

Crazy.

Everyone was crazy.

Everyone felt, that in less than a year of time, this newly appointed Lord of the Light Palace had gone crazy.

Previously, the death of Wei Hua could be attributed to some kind of mistake and there was still ways of making reparations. But right now, for Wei Hua's head to be publicly hung, this was tantamount to ripping the face of the Right Minister’s residence apart.

Ever since the Right Minister had come into power five years ago. he had also been provoked by such a brutal method that was like contempt many times. The people that had once provoked him included many nobles and powerful families. Most of the families looked down upon the official that came from a civil background, and hoped to make this lowly commoner depart.

But after five years, the people, as well as their close friends and families who had done such a thing, paid a price they regretted greatly. Either their entire family was killed, or they would receive torture that made them wished for death.

From then on, no one dared to become enemies with the Right Minister's residence.

Even if it was just a dog who walked out from the Right Minister's' residence, no one would dare shout at it.

But right now, one of the sworn sons of Lin Zheng, the Right Minister, one of the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles], his head was currently being hung upon the Punishment Pillars.

Even Ouyang Buping and Dugu Quan, after they heard such news, was so shocked they could not even utter word. it was said that Ouyang Buping had broken a jade cup, and Dugu Quan, because he was too shocked, his hand had quivered and he had wasted a cauldron of normal pills that was about to be produced.

"That little brat... he really has gone crazy. After being silent, he is about to pierce a hole through the very heavens." Dugu Quan found Ouyang Buping at the first instance, and began discussing, "What do we do. We have already bounded ourselves together with this little bastard. This time, the matter has really gotten too big.“

"The Right Minister's residence should not be incited like so. What is wrong with that little kid? Why must he kill Wei Hua? Just how did Wei Hua offend him?" Ouyang Buping pressed his lips together. At this time, the Divine Doctor that was known as the person with the best mental cultivation suddenly let out a swear word, "Motherfucker, we have gotten onto a pirate ship. The person we've sworn as brothers too, even if we get utterly crushed, we must still recognize him. Right now, it's no use speaking of such, why don't we think of a method for the little bastard to take care of the present situation.”

Dugu Quan also had a grimace on his face, as he grumbled, "Previously, I felt that this little kid could cause trouble, but I did not imagine he would dare to cause such an incident... but going back on topic, perhaps this matter is something that we've overthought, and are worrying over nothing. Old man, do you think that brother Ye is the type of person that would not care about others when he goes mad?”

Ouyang Buping, upon hearing this, was slightly taken aback, then thought about it carefully. With surprise, "Old fox, you are right. This time, it was brother Ye who let out the first strike right? Doesn’t this mean that he has the self-confidence to believe in the fact that he can withstand the thunderous means of vengeance of the Right Minster?"

Dugu Quan laughed. "Ever since the year of that person, there has never been anyone who is able to enter into the [Light Palace]. Who knows just what is contained within the [Light Palace]. The methods and abilities of that person are absolutely something we will not be able to guess at. It's possible that he left something behind that is able to act against the Right Minster’s residence, perhaps something unexpected will occur."

"That's right..." There was a light flickering in the eyes of Ouyang Buping.

At this time, there were footsteps coming from the outside. it was namely Lin Baiyi coming in a rush, he had forgotten even to knock on the door. He directly pushed the door open, then realized what he did. Rushing out, he knocked again, then entered again.

This pill genius of the Lin family had a shred of urgency in his expression. After giving his greetings, he quickly said, "Master, Ouyang Shishu, somethings terrible has happened, something terrible has happened... the recent news just now, the [Red Eagle], [Violet Eagle], [Snow Eagle] as well as [Sly Eagle] of the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles] had brought with them ten thousand elite forbidden army soldiers, and had completely surrouded the City of Light! The entire capital is about to boil!”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

