Chapter 217:


Chapter 218 - Ice tombstone

The complexion of the [Five Poisons Gongz]i rapidly changed.

He did not imagine that Ye Qingyu would be too lazy to even feign the slightest bit of civility. The moment he opened his mouth, he exhibited the most naked killing intent.

He suddenly felt that his judgement and evaluation of Ye Qingyu was somewhat not right[1] .

"Marquis Ye, why force things into a corner. We just came here to add our strength to the great plan to fight back against the demons…" The [Five Poisons Gongzi] smiled faintly. He was about to say something more and delay things a little longer.

But— "So many useless words. Your death will be the greatest way in which you can contribute to the plan to resist against the demons."

Ye Qingyu's hand suddenly moved like lightning, striking at the coarse jar of alcohol in front of him.

The wine jar spun and flew out, shooting directly towards the [Five Poisons Gongzi].

"Gongzi, lets attack him." "What are we afraid of him for?” [Painting Fan] and [Golden Jade] roared with rage as they charged forward. [Painting Fan] used the fan in his hands while the other blocked in front of the [Five Poisons Gongzi], wanting to repel the incoming jar of wine backwards.

But—

Boom!

As the hands of the two made contact with this jar of wine, with a boom, this jar of wine suddenly exploded.

Within the strong alcohol, there was the extreme cold yuan qi contained within. The alcohol was instantly frozen within the air, transforming into sharp ice protrusions that flew like steel blades or razor sharp swords that flew in a deadly fashion throughout the air. With sounds like the release of arrows, it was as if there were millions of arrows that formed a rainstorm shooting down at the rear courtyard. This sharp whistling sound, unendingly sounded in one’s ears.

Both [Painting Fan] and [Golden Jade] had not estimated that such a thing would occur.

Due to their unpreparedness, both of them were instantly stabbed and pierced through, transforming into two gigantic ice crystal hedgehogs… "Ahhh…"

Both of them tragically screamed.

"Die!"

The complexion of the [Five Poisons Gongzi] fiercely changed.

He quickly retreated, using the cloak at his back to block the incoming projectiles. His yuan power was activated to the extreme, and it surged fully into the cloak. In this panicked activation, the cloak was like a black steel shield that blocked in front of him. There were the continuous sounds of clang after clang as there were constantly sharp ice crystal swords that struck on the cloak. This humongous power made the arm of the [Five Poisons Gongzi] go numb, forced to take step after step backwards and leaving clear and distinct footprints on the ground… "How is this possible?"

The heart of the [Five Poisons Gongzi] was fiercely shaken.

Just how was it possible for Ye Qingyu's strength to be so terrifying.

Was it not said that his strength, even at its very greatest— according to the battle with the head of the supply department Zhang San, was it not only at the forty Spirit springs? He, with the fifty Spirit springs of cultivation, was fiercely suppressed by him, and he was showing signs that he could not withstand this fierce onslaught anymore.

Ding!Ding!Ding!

The four beautiful female servants behind him had a very quick reaction speed. All of them unsheathed the swords at their waist, their swords dancing in the air to block the ice crystal projectiles.

The strength of these four girls was not at all any weaker than the [Painting Fan] and the [Golden Jade]. The majority of the ice crystals made from alcohol were sent flying back. But there were a minority that passed through their sword screen, slicing apart their skin. On their white dresses, fresh blood seeped out…

Ye Qingyu's explosive attack had a frightening penetrative attacking power.

"Go, kill him." [Five Poisons Gongzi] waved his hand.

The four injured female servants madly activated their yuan power, rushing towards Ye Qingyu situated at the roof of the building.

"Hahaha… not even knowing your own strength. [Banner of Heaven and Earth]!"

Ye Qingyu laughed loudly, a silver spear suddenly appearing in his hands. With a swipe and a flash, it disappeared from his hands, and at the same time, another silver spear appeared. His wrist flicked out, the light of the spear like a torrential rainstorm. With a leap, his figure leapt out like a ferocious dragon, like a bolt of lightning, directly descending rapidly towards the courtyard.

"[Fierce Dragon Pierce]!"

The two spears attracted each other and Ye Qingyu directly flew through the air and struck the bodies of the four female servants.

It was as if a mountain had struck a grass plain.

"Ai…" "Ai…"

The four servant girls were struck flying, the swords in their hand shattering into inch sized pieces. Fresh blood jetted out from their mouths, falling to the ground and fainting.

At this time, [Five Poisons Gongzi] felt a chill. His body involuntarily leant to one side, and nearly at the same time, the silver spear that had left Ye Qingyu's hands, descended from the skies, like divine punishment from a deity. It embedded next to him, and the chilling cold pierced into their bones, causing half of his body to go numb…

Ye Qingyu's atmosphere was like a Fiendgod descending. After knocking the four servant girls away, he went directly towards him and was already before him.

This entire process, was like lightning flashing. It was so fast one could not react.

The [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King].

Today, when these four moves were performed in Ye Qingyu's hands, it was many many times more powerful than in the past. Once the air fluctuation was formed, it was like the surge of a long river, was like the destruction of the stars. It utterly did not give anyone any time to breath.

The power of the [Five Poisons Gongzi] was not low, and his battle experience was also extremely rich. But at this moment, his spirit was fiercely shaken, he could not raise any will to resist. It was as if his soul had been destroyed by this strike. Rapidly using a secret escaping technique, he wanted to depart from here. The next instant, he appeared twenty meters away from his original location.

He wanted to widen the distance, and use his poison arts.

However, Ye Qingyu would not give him the time at all.

“[Heaven Falls and Earth Rends]!”

Ye Qingyu shouted, his figure suddenly rising. In a flash, he had already reached hundreds of meters in the air, then his figure quivered. Shooting down like a bolt of lightning, he was like a falling meteor. Sparks were occurring around his body and the glow of fire encircling around him. His qi had locked onto the [Five Poisons Gongzi], striking at him.

"What is… this battle technique?"

The [Five Poisons Gongzi] suddenly felt the storm like winds blowing at him, as if a mountain was pressing him down. His body was locked down by qi, as if his body was immobilized by a curse. He could not move at all. And before he could react, with a boom, like lightning crashing onto the ground, the earth violently shook and screamed. Dust rose to the skies, and the earth was broken apart, layer after layer cracking upwards. It was as if even the underground lava, was about to explode.

This guesthouse instantly transformed into rubble.

A crater tens of meters large instantly appeared.

The terrifying yuan qi air fluctuations that was like a gale was fluctuating, forming a nearly sealed killing space.

"Pok…" A jet of blood spurted from the mouth of the [Five Poisons Gongzi].

This strike made him feel as if all the organs in his chest had turned into minced meat. A hard to describe fear completely filled his heart.

Just what kind of move was this?

Just what sort of battle technique was this?

This was not a power that should belong to a human.

This Ye Qingyu was completely like a battle beast.

Escape!

In an instant, his will to fight was broken. He performed his escaping technique, wanting to leave.

But the surrounding yuan qi air currents knocked him back.

Not only the terrain had changed, he was also imprisoned by energy.

"Die!"

Ye Qingyu's voice, sounded in the [Five Poisons Gongzi’s] ears.

In his hand, the light of the sword appeared again.

The silver spear that he had casually taken from the martial stores of the White Horse tower had long broken apart, not able to withstand the power of the last strike of the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King]. The [Little Shang sword] appeared at the center of his hand, his yuan power activating. His inner yuan flowed according to a strange rhythm, the sword held in both hands, fluctuating with white light. The [Little Shang sword] fiercely pierced towards the ground.

[Sword of Judgement]!

The last move of the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General].

A gigantic silver sword, as if it was summoned by Ye Qingyu, appeared from the heavens.

This terrifying sword light destroyed all in its path. Bringing with it an aura of a deity giving final judgement to all lifeforms, a holy and pure sword qi emanated throughout the air. Before the [Five Poisons Gongzi] could react, this sword light tens of meters long entered into his temple, piercing into his body and striking onto the Earth!

A short period of silence.

This mysterious energy was still fluctuating, then the air fiercely constricted.

The instant it constructed, there was a humongous bang. A silver light circle, with the sword of light at the center, began spreading towards all directions. Dust shooting to the air, even the walls of the other architecture of the inn was transformed into powder…

Ye Qingyu's black hair fluttered in the air, his white robes flapping. Holding the [Little Shang sword], he stood alone.

This terrifying force annihilated everything between Heaven and Earth.

The dust danced, like flowing fire, as if it was sighing at the loss of life.

Opposite.

The [Five Poisons Gongzi] used yuan power to silently stand, terror and despair on his face.

On his entire body, there was only blood at the corner of his mouth, without any injuries at all. It seemed as if he was entire unharmed.

But a gust of wind came over.

Pok!

As if it was extinguishing a fire, his figure suddenly shattered with an explosion. It transformed into countless tiny dust and ashes, floating into the surrounding earth.

The surroundings were already a mess.

The terrifying destructive power of the [Heaven Falls and Earth Rends] as well as the [Sword of Judgment] had completely transformed the guesthouse that occupied ten acres of land into a wasteland.

But the land outside the guesthouse as well as the other architectures were not harmed in the slightest…

Within the rear courtyard, there was a peach tree that was still growing in this wasteland. It was not affected by the destructive power of this battle.

This was Ye Qingyu's intention.

He came to under this peach tree. Thinking for a bit, ice cold qi came from his palm, ice crystal forming in an instant. A half a meter wide, five- or six-meter-tall ice pillar was born in three or four breaths of time. It was like an ice crystal tombstone had formed to stand beside this peach tree.

The [Little Shang sword] in Ye Qingyu's left hand was like a pen. With scratching sounds, he left characters etched onto the ice crystal tombstone.

"The punishment is death for disturbing Youyan! Thus Ye Qingyu has killed the [Five Poisons Gongzi] here."

After finishing inscribing these words, Ye Qingyu smiled lightly. Stowing away the autumn water-like sword, he turned and left.

Away from the guesthouse.

The female and male that seemed like cooks were shivering within the wasteland. Terror caused them to feel unrest.

If they had not received the prior notification of the white-robed youth and escaped from the guesthouse, they would have long transformed into meat paste within the wasteland of this inn. Heavens, just what level of experts had done battle, this was far too terrifying.

……

Twenty breaths later.

Numerous figures, broke through the air. Rushing from far away, they came outside the guesthouse.

What followed after was the surrounding patrols of the [Youyan army].

"What has occurred?"

The people surrounding from far away looked curiously at this destructive rubble.

After such a fierce battle, the attention of all sorts of forces had been attracted.

There were experts from the top sects, the officers from the army. These people had all been shaken by the bizarre and powerful fluctuations from this battle. They came here to investigate. For such a large scale battle, it was the first time this had occurred within Youyan Pass. The scraps of yuan qi still remaining in the air were still enough to make one feel fear.

"Could it be that there is someone from the Jianghu still inciting trouble?" "Someone has been killed, who is it?" "Quickly look, there is an ice tombstone here."

Several figures appeared at the center of the wasteland. A five- or six-meter-tall ice tombstone stood alone.

On the tombstone, characters could clearly be seen. Like a mighty dragon dancing. An ominous killing intent was as if it was about to escape from this tombstone.

Seeing this, the complexion of everyone changed.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 218:


Chapter 219 - This is Youyan Pass

On the ice tombstone, there were words that seemed like they were etched using a steel hook. Every stroke of the characters had an ominous killing intent that shot out.

The experts of the military that had rushed here had relaxed expressions after being taken aback at reading the characters on the ice tombstone.

They originally thought it was the people of the sects causing trouble here and that it would be troublesome for them to maintain order. But they had not thought it was the Marquis Ye that was all the rage who had acted. After connecting this incident with all the information this morning, it seemed like that Ye Qingyu really wanted to act against the people of the sects with the force of thunder.

Although the experts of the army had never heard of the [Five Poisons Gongzi] before, but to have been targeted by Marquis Ye, it was most likely that he was not a good person anyway. He most likely deserved his death.

These days, there were many people that had arrived from the sects. They said that they had come to provide aid, but had caused the entire Youyan Pass to fall into chaos. There were many military officers who could not bear to watch this, but as a result of the strict military order, they had no way of retaliating.

After hearing about the actions of Marquis Ye today and how he had slaughtered the people of the Jianghu in rage, countless soldiers and officers had jumped up with excitement.

Everyone felt that the way Marquis Ye did things was thunderous and great. No wonder he came from the military.

This was the true style of a soldier.

Disregarding whether he was right or wrong in this matter, the large majority of the army stood on the side of Marquis Ye. From the perspective of their emotions, they entirely supported Ye Qingyu.

But the complexions of the experts of the sects that came here after hearing the news completely changed after seeing this tombstone.

"What [Five Poisons Gongzi] has died?” "Even the [Five Poisons Gongzi] has been killed?"“ "This… according to the rumours, does the [Five Poisons Gongzi] not have a significant background, and is someone of the Empire? How could… how could he be killed by Ye Qingyu?” "In this half a day, Ye Qingyu has already killed near a hundred people from the sects. He is completely a killing demon… this is too exaggerated… in these days, the [Five Poisons Gongzi] has not done anything in Youyan Pass. Why has even he suffered under the cruel hands of Ye Qingyu?" "Quickly return and report this back to senior brother Qiushui…"

The people that had first arrived were the experts of the sects. Their strengths were not low, and they could be counted as significant people. After their shock, they felt wave after wave of anger. As the saying goes, where they were seated determined what their attitude would be. Today, nearly a hundred Jianghu people had died. As someone belonging to this group, they naturally felt distress.

"The military will have to give an accounting for this matter," an elder that came from the Deer Cauldron sect said furiously. In front of all the officers, he pointed at the ice tombstone. "This murderous demon Ye Qingyu, in just half a day, has slaughtered nearly a hundred people of the Jianghu. His cruel methods utterly causes one to shiver. The military will have to give an explanation for his actions." "That's right. This cannot go on any longer. Will he only give up once has killed everyone from Jianghu?" "For such a butcher, just what merits does he have that he is able to gain such a heroic military position?" "For such a butcher to rise to the position of Marquis, is this a joke of the army?"

The experts of the sects all began adding to the resentment.

On the side of the military, the complexion of everyone changed.

The person with the highest military rank was a middle-aged military warfare officer. Hearing these words, he gave a glance and a cold smile to the people of the JIanghu. "This is Youyan Pass. This is the frontier that the Empire has constructed one tile and one brick at a time on the icy mountains. This is not the mountains of your sects. In this place, the [Youyan army] only has to answer and account themselves to the Empire. To give an accounting to you people? Everyone, I think you may have overestimated yourselves. Even if your patriarch themselves came, even they do not have the requirements to make the [Youyan army] give an accounting of themselves!" "You…"

The elder of the Deer Cauldron sect was frozen with rage.

The other experts of the sects were also burning with anger.

No one thought that the stance of the army would be so hard.

The middle-aged officer had disdain and contempt on his face.

"As for the matter of Marquis Ye's title, this is the bestowment that came from the Imperial Court as well as the military department. For you to dare question this is a great crime. Not knowing how high the Heavens are or how deep the Earth is, you came here to speak nonsense. Marquis Ye has the position of the patrolling sword envoy of the Youyan Pass with a special authority. Even if he killed the officers of the Empire, this is within his remit. Only through the permission of the Pass Lord's residence can he be punished in any way. You bunch of people, to come here and ask for an explanation and to even call Marquis Ye a murderous demon? In light that this is your first offense, I will not hold you accountable. But if you continue, we will arrest you and send you to the military prisons and make your patriarchs personally come and collect you people."

This speech was final as steel. His position was as hard and as resolute as could be.

The anger of the experts of the sects was like a raging thunderstorm, but there was nothing they could say.

The face of the elder of the Deer Cauldron sect was like a pig's liver, but he did not dare say anything.

Apart from feeling rage, these people could not help but feel trepidation. Who would have thought that the position of Ye Qingyu in the army would be so much greater than their imagination? Further, what made them both fearful and angry was once the stance of the army turned hard, for the people of the sects that had always thought they were above other people, they possessed no way of retaliating against their opponent.

"Everyone, remember my words today. I don't want to repeat it a second time." After the middle-aged officer had finished, he spoke to the comrades next to him. "Let's go. Accompany the chefs and servers of the inn for medical aid and for them to report this case. Disperse the crowds outside. Right now, the issue that the [Youyan army] is most concerned with is the Spring time offense, and fighting back against the Demon Race. We cannot make a big deal out of nothing." "Yes, superior." "That's right, our time is so valuable. How can we waste our time on such tiny matters…" "Hahahaha…"

The military officers replied, all laughing. They deliberately said such words to anger the people of the sects who were not providing assistance in any way at all.

These people directly left. The soldiers on patrol at the outside to protect the scene also left as soon as possible.

The five or six experts of the sects left behind were so angry that they nearly ascended to the heavens. Flames nearly began spitting out from their noses.

Especially the elder of the Deer Cauldron sect. His status was high and noble, and he was always respected when he travelled through the Jianghu. He had been accustomed to being high up and respected. To think that he would be scolded by a military officer he did not regard as important at all. He was about to be driven crazy with fury! "Hmph, this bunch of damn military brutes." With a wave of his hand, a surge of yuan qi exploded against the ground, causing rocks and boulders to crumble. Looking at the backs of the crowd of military people, he snarled fiercely, "I will remember this bunch of people that don't know death. To dare mock the people of the sects like so, don't let me find an opportunity. Otherwise, I will definitely make them taste my methods.”

Before he had finished.

"Elder Yan, calm yourself and watch what you say."

A calm and authoritative voice suddenly sounded.

Everyone only felt a blur across their vision, when a young man with bronze skin appeared ten meters away. This young man had yellow-coloured short hair, approximately two fingers long. He wore tight fitting clothes, nearly two meters high, muscles bulging .It was as if he was smelted from metal, the frightening strength in his body made everyone feel a dreadful power.

“Holy child!"

The elder of the Deer Cauldron sect was shocked, then quickly rushed to pay his respects.

The complexion of the other people of the sects also turned respectful.

This young man with muscles like that of a raging dragon was the holy child, Wang Yifeng, of the Deer Cauldron sect.

The Deer Cauldron sect was one of the top six sects in the Snow Empire,. They had deep foundations, and were exceptional powerful. Their history had already existed for thousands of years, even longer than the Snow Empire. There had once been extreme experts that had come out from this sect. In these hundreds of years, they had acted in a concealed manner but their strength could not be disregarded at all. This young man called Wang Yifeng, ever since appearing ten years ago, was known as a little martial lunatic. He had challenged over a thousand experts of the small and large sects in the Snow Empire, and had never suffered a defeat. He was publicly acknowledged as one of the ten hidden dragons in Heaven Wasteland domain. He was recognized by the elders of the martial world as one of the people with the possibility of becoming an extreme level expert.

Elder Yan was the elder of the Deer Cauldron sect, possessing a certain level of power. But facing a genius that had been recognized internally as the future patriarch of the Deer Cauldron sect, he did not dare show the slightest of disrespect. He had the attitude of a complete subordinate, his manner exceedingly respectful.

"Who would have thought holy child you would come personally. It's a pity that the [Five Poisons Gongzi] is already dead, and the murderer Ye Qingyu has also left."

Elder Yan said with regret.

The holy child of the Deer Cauldron waved his hand, not saying anything. Coming before the ice tomb, he extended his hand to lightly touch the ice tombstone, as if sensing something. Coming to the center of the previous battle, he crouched down, pressing his palm against the ground with his eyes faintly closed, sensing something… "A direct and explosive battle style!"

There was a trace of surprise on the face of the holy child. He rose and walked several more steps surveying the traces from the battle in the surroundings.

His expression was relaxed at the start.

But as he observed more and more, he began to grow more and more surprised.

Then his expression turned more and more serious.

The heart of the Elder Yan seeing this scene was shocked.

A short while later.

The holy child waves his hands, his gaze sweeping across the figures of Elder Yan and the others. "This Ye Qingyu is not simple. The battle techniques he used has the might of the Fiendgods contained within. It is not martial arts belonging to humans. Powerful and strange… En, what is the strength of the [Five Poisons Gongzi]?" "The cultivation strength of the [Five Poisons Gongzi] is roughly at the fifty Spirit springs level. He can be counted as a powerful expert. But his most fearsome attribute is that he knows how to use poison. His poison arts could be counted as divine; one cannot defend against it. Even experts at the sixty or seventy Spirit springs level have been affected by his poison before. This person is not easy to handle," a person of the sects explained about the [Five Poisons Gongzi] in detail, respectfully answering the question.

"Poison arts belong to the minor way. But it is comparatively hard to handle. In this battle, he did not have any chance to use his poison arts from start to finish. He was directly killed… Haha, a direct battle. To make a person famous for his poison arts to not even have the chance to use poison… this Ye Qingyu." The holy child thought for a while, saying, "Elder Yan, you people are not the opponent of this person. In the future, do not confront him directly.

"But according to the rumours, the power of this Ye Qingyu is only at the forty Spirit springs. I…" Elder Yan said subconsciously.

The holy child of the Deer Cauldron sect gave him a glance.

Elder Yan instantly realized he had misspoken, his heart beginning to thump. Rushing to lower his head and give his apologies, "Thank you for the reminder. Your subordinate I will definitely remember this."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 219:


Chapter 220 - Flowing Shadow Kill

"The holy child of the Deer Cauldron sect?"

There was a meaningful expression on Ye Qingyu's face.

In an inn several miles away, through the images provided by the [Sentry Guard], he could clearly observe everything that occurred within the rubble of the inn. This was due to after he had killed [Five Poisons Gongzi], he had not only left an ice tombstone behind but he had also taken out a [Sentry Guard] from the [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. This was used to observe everything that would occur afterwards on the wasteland.

Today, he had killed nearly a hundred people from the Jianghu. This was partly to force those martial artists who did bad deeds as they pleased into line. The other reason was that he did this to scout ahead.

This was only the beginning.

Ye Qingyu wanted to figure out the reactions of all the different forces.

This morning, Mister Liu had handed a jade scroll to him. Ye Qingyu realized that the Pass Lord's residence was supporting him, because the day before he had already said he wanted information regarding all the sects. It was abundantly clear what he wanted and what he was going to do. The fact that Mister Liu was willing to give him such information demonstrated that he was not against Ye Qingyu's actions.

There were many times that the Pass Lord's residence would not openly demonstrate their support. They would use some hidden actions that clever people would very naturally understand.

Ye Qingyu unquestionably was that kind of clever person.

But as to whether this kind of support had gone through Lu Zhaoge's approval was unclear to Ye Qingyu right now.

The reason he had left a [Sentry Guard] behind in the destroyed guesthouse was because Ye Qingyu knew that after [Five Poisons Gongzi] had died, it would definitely alarm the true experts of the sects leading them to investigate. Although the Five Poisons school was not within the three sects and three schools, it was still exceedingly famous. It was much stronger than the Xuan sect that he had casually destroyed.

Ye Qingyu wanted to see just what kind of people would care about this matter.

Furthermore, according to some information Mister Liu had provided, he could vaguely conclude that the Five Poisons school was related to the official with the greatest power in the Empire, the Right Minister. The Right Minister was surnamed Lin, and so was the [Five Poisons Gongzi]. The relationship between them was even more intricate. Once [Five Poisons Gongzi] was killed, the reaction of the sects would turn even more acute.

From the current situation, Ye Qingyu's guess was right.

The Deer Cauldron sect was one of the top six sects. And the holy child of the Deer Cauldron sect was one of the famous geniuses within these top sects. He was one of the strongest of the newest generation, and was not weaker in the least when compared to Li Qiushui of the Crepe Myrtle sect. His appearance, already indicated too many problems.

This was the first time Ye Qingyu had seen a top genius of the three sects and three schools.

"Very strong."

Ye Qingyu quickly made an evaluation in his heart.

Even if it was through the [Sentry Guard], and there were several kilometers between him and the holy child, Ye Qingyu still felt a pressure from the images in his consciousness. After a slight comparison, Ye Qingyu knew, that the he today was not the opponent of this person. Even though he had many hidden cards up his sleeve, but as the holy child of a top level sect, there were definitely more hidden cards up the sleeve of Wang Yifeng. One must never underestimate the resources a top level sect possessed.

"It seems like there is still a considerable difference between me and the super geniuses of the true top sects."

Ye Qingyu's heart became wary.

…… …… "En?"

There was suddenly a puzzled expression on the face of the holy child of the Deer Cauldron sect.

The elder Yan and the others were nonplussed. They did not know what had occurred, and did not dare voice their questions out loud.

"Do you sense that we seem to under the surveillance of something?" The gaze of the holy child of the Deer Cauldron sect was like lightning. He swept inch by inch over his surroundings, his expression becoming increasingly strange. "There is some item that is observing our every move and action." "Ah?" Elder Yan was shocked, then quickly replied. "This… is not possible[1] . This piece of broken land has already been checked over by me. There are no traces of any formations left behind, could it be that there is an expert hiding and observing us?" "No, no it's not." The holy child sensed for another period of time, becoming increasingly sure of his judgement. "This is not a surveillance formation, it is some other item… It should be Ye Qingyu who has left it behind. [The Leaf of Youyan] is somewhat capable. However…"

As he spoke to here, both his eyes opened. Suddenly his hand lifted, a little cauldron struck out along with his fist.

Boom!

There was a swathe of land ten meters away that was already in a wasteland-like state. Through this strike, a gigantic crater was explosively created.

But apart from the crushed rocks and ground, there was nothing else that had appeared.

But the holy child of the Deer Cauldron sect continued to use his senses.

"This is right, that type of sensation has disappeared!"

The holy child said thoughtfully, his figure flashing. He disappeared from where he was.

Elder Yan and the others stayed where they were with shock on their faces. They stared at each other, speechless.

…… …… "I've been discovered?"

The scenes in his consciousness disappeared, turning black.

Ye Qingyu was shocked.

The last scene was of the holy child of the Deer Cauldron sect punching out.

The place where he struck, was namely the location where Ye Qingyu had left behind the [Sentry Guard].

The [Sentry Guard] was one of the bizarre abilities of the ancient Bronze book. It was incomparably mysterious, and after it was put into place, it would maintain a peculiar invisible state. Apart from Ye Qingyu, there was no one who could detect its existence. This was well-tested, but this time, not only could the holy child detect the presence of the [Sentry Guard], he could also detect its approximate location. He even used strong yuan qi to directly destroy it…

Very frightening senses.

"It seems like I cannot underestimate this group of Jianghu people.

Ye Qingyu's heart shivered slightly.

To want to suppress the people of the Jianghu was absolutely not a simple matter.

He instantly realized, the great meeting between the sects of the Jianghu a month later would become the true focal point.

There was still a month of time for Ye Qingyu to train.

To really want to suppress these arrogant and daring Jianghu people and to control the situation, he would need to show himself on the true battlefield - the meeting of the sects. Only through this stage could a decisive change be made. As long as he trampled the so called geniuses of the sects that were so high up beneath his feet, only then could he truly suppress the spirit of the Jianghu people.

With Ye Qingyu's bloody methods right now, it could only at the most make those fellows lower their heads.

For the genius of the Crepe Myrtle sect, Li Qiushui, to give him an invitation was coincidentally a good opportunity. At first Ye Qingyu was somewhat hesitant, but from the situation right now, he must go.

If he did not attend, then the situation and aura he had painstakingly crafted would most likely instantly collapse. The threat that he was to those Jianghu people would disperse like smoke and clouds, everything wasted. Even the [Youyan army] would most likely withdraw their support of Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu knew very clearly that he was walking on a steel wire.

Only by maintaining his dominant position onwards could he truly pierce the situation with his sword.

"Damn, I wasted so much time and effort and took so many inhuman risks. And in the end, I did it for the [Youyan army] and the Empire. Do you think I have an illness, to place myself in such a dangerous situation?”

Ye Qingyu cursed at himself in his heart.

But the reason he did this, was to give himself more pressure.

A martial expert, could only rapidly increase in power through huge external pressure. Only by obtaining a greater strength, and a deeper cultivation, could he truly provide aid to Song Xiaojun. Only through this could he obtain the chance to enter the sacrificial altar of the Empire, and uncover the mystery his father had left behind before dying.

……

Returning to White Horse tower.

Bai Yuanxing had already brought Jin Ling'er back, finishing their affairs in the military camp.

As for the evaluation of the little fellow’s talent and potential, the results were already out.

After Ye Qingyu had seen the scroll of evaluation from the Vanguard, he was slightly taken aback.

"Upper class foundation, Asura martial killing heart, innate shadow talent? Recommended to raise as a kamikaze warrior…" Ye Qingyu carefully read over and over again this evaluation scroll. He could not help but turn his head to glance at this little child, feeling extremely surprised. Who would have thought that this little child, would have such a rare attribute as his talent?”

This world had the five elements as its foundation. Apart from the five elements, other elements were all rare attributes.

Normally speaking, the five elements formed over eighty percent of the energies of this word. Therefore, the energies highest in concentration in this world were the five elements. As a result, the fact that lifeforms in this world would possess attributes of the five elements was something very commonly seen. Even the ice attribute of Ye Qingyu, in reality belonged to a mutation of the Water element.

But for attributes like lightning, space, light and shadow, they belonged to the truly rare attributes outside of the five elements.

Of course, this was not testament to the fact of how powerful they were. It could only prove that they were rare.

No matter what the power, as long as one cultivated to the extreme, one could nearly become like a god.

"Out of the rare martial attributes, shadow is even more uncommon. It must be one out of a million. Who would have thought, Jin Ling'er would be this type of attribute…" Ye Qingyu could not help but give several more glances at Jin Ling'er.

However, people possessing rare attributes were not easily raised, because cultivation techniques for these sorts of attributes were far too few.

Normally, the military would not spend too great an effort in raising and nourishing these types of martial experts. The first reason was because their effectiveness was hard to determine, and they would perhaps be useless in direct battle. Of course, apart from the special troops, there were some rare and mysterious sects that specially cultivated such experts. But right now, Jin Ling'er possessed nothing. If he wanted to obtain the teachings of these sects, it was nearly an impossible matter. However…

Ye Qingyu's heart suddenly thought of something.

He thought of several days before, when he broken through the twenty-five Spirit springs and what he had obtained. After the repayment of the ancient Bronze book, there were new pages that could be read. Within the [Fiendgod Titled Chart], he had seen another cultivation technique.

This was a cultivation technique specially for people with Shadow attributes, called the [Flowing Shadow Kill]. This was suitable for Jin Ling'er to cultivation in.

Originally, when Ye Qingyu had seen this cultivation technique, he was slightly disappointed.原

Because this was purely a cultivation technique for an assassin. The contents of this technique were strange and twisted. Some of the methods used in training, were no different from the evil ways. It was not the righteous martial path after all. This type of cultivation technique had a shocking killing power, but it was hard to truly reach the pinnacle with it.

Therefore, Ye Qingyu had memorized this cultivation technique and would occasionally mull it over, but he did not specially train in it.

Furthermore, Ye Qingyu was not of the Shadow attribute. He had never thought to use this cultivation technique, as his main cultivation method.

Who would have thought, several days later, there would be someone with the Shadow attribute appearing before him.

According to theory, Jin Ling'er should be the most suited person to train in the [Flowing Shadow Kill].

"Shadow attribute, upper class talent, and he is also of the Asura Killing Heart. The evaluation of the Vanguard is not wrong. For such a talent, he should be raised as a kamikaze warrior. But I do not need a kamikaze warrior by my side. If I raise Jin Ling'er as an assassin, perhaps this would not be too bad of a choice. But the cultivation technique [Floating Shadow Kill], is somewhat evil…"

Ye Qingyu was somewhat hesitant as he looked at the little fellow who was still four or five years old.

Even when Bai Yuanxing brought the little fellow to the rear courtyard to perform basic training exercises for the body, Ye Qingyu could not make his final decision.

He first must observe Jin Ling'er for a period of time, then go and find Ling'er's mother Huang Zhen to discuss this. Only then could he make his decision.

After all, this decision would very likely affect the martial path of Ling'er for the rest of his life.

As for Bai Yuanxing…

Looking at the back of Bai Yuanxing, Ye Qingyu fell into deep thought.

For such a stubbornly loyal young man, Ye Qingyu wanted to raise him well. But, the problem was, Bai Yuanxing's martial talent was not as great as his ancestor and on the contrary was somewhat average. It was even somewhat below a normal person, making his cultivation speed slow. This meant that the achievements of his future would be limited.

This placed Ye Qingyu in a somewhat difficult position.

Until now, apart from the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General], the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King], the [Limitless Divine Way], [Flowing Shadow Kill], and [Grass Wood Heaven Yuan Power], there was not any other cultivation technique that had appeared. And these cultivation techniques were not suitable for Bai Yuanxing at all. At this moment, Ye Qingyu did not know how to raise this White Horse sword slave.

"I think I can only wait. I can only hope that there will be a martial manual that is able to change someone's potential that will appear in the [Fiendgod Titled Chart]."

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh.

He returned to the quiet room of the fourth floor, continuing to cultivate.

But he had only just sat down, when there was once again acute pain appearing in his left palm.

That mysterious drop of blood acted up once again.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 220:


Chapter 221 - Forcefully refining the blood

Ye Qingyu knew, that within this strange blood, there were different kinds of energy that were 'fighting' once again.

In this period of time, this drop of blood would act up every day. The strange white power inside, the flame of darkness and another vast power would fight between the three of them constantly. All of them wanted to swallow and devour the other two. Every time they fought, they would cause great destruction to Ye Qingyu's palm.

If not for the divine [Supreme Ice flame] suppressing these powers, Ye Qingyu would have long been completely annihilated by these three terrifying forces.

By relying on the [Supreme Ice flame], Ye Qingyu constantly grinded these three forces down, wanting to drive them outside his body.

And after his painstaking efforts these days, the three powers contained within that droplet of blood were constantly weakened. Compared to what it once was, it was now slightly weaker.

At the same time, Ye Qingyu deepened his understanding of the [Supreme Ice flame].

Right now, he was already many times more familiar with controlling the [Supreme Ice flame].

With a will of his heart, a spark of silver-coloured fire appeared above the palm of his hand, encircling and burning around that droplet of blood.

Ye Qingyu sat in a meditative position, deep in thought.

"In these days, this droplet of blood is acting up more and more frequently. And it seems like every time, it is that vast energy that first instigates the battle…" Ye Qingyu had already begun to notice some patterns in these days.

This huge vast power should be the original power of this drop of blood.

And the strange white power as well as the flames of darkness, were external powers that had arrived.

Right now, Ye Qingyu had already managed to guess at something.

In the battle that day, there were not many people who possessed such a level of power. After some thought, he could nearly confirm who the owner of this drop of blood was.

If Ye Qingyu's guess was not wrong, this drop of blood should have come from the [War God of Youyan Pass], Lu Zhaoge.

Only in the blood of Lu Zhaoge would there be such a vast and powerful martial energy held within.

That day, he had fallen into the trap of Yan Buhui and Song Xiaojun. He was first injured with the white bone dagger of Yan Buhui, then he was burnt by the flames of darkness of Song Xiaojun. It was very possible that his body would contain the power of that bone dagger as well as the power of the flames of darkness. That was exactly three types of power.

From the circumstantial information, this seems to fully confirm his guesses.

Although that drop of blood had left the body of Lu Zhaoge, but it still contained his martial cultivation and power. Therefore, it should possess some connection with Lu Zhaoge's body. The reason that this drop of blood was acting more and more frequently and acutely these days should be because that Lu Zhaoge was attempting to use his own power to erase the external energies within his body.

But through Ye Qingyu's observation of this droplet of blood, it seemed that the process of Lu Zhaoge's recovery was not going so well.

"The reason Lu Zhaoge is rushing to treat his wounds is because the Spring time offensive of the [Youyan army] is like a drawn back arrow. It must be let loose. The time is nearer and nearer till the offensive. If his injuries do not heal by then, then the plan of the [Youyan army] will be destroyed by half. There will be no way for the Spring time offensive to have its intended effect…"

Ye Qingyu stared outside through the window.

The direction of the Pass Lord's residence was covered by a swathe of darkness.

After the battle that day, Lu Zhaoge had never appeared again.

The military had deliberately suppressed the rumours, but all sorts of rumours regarding Lu Zhaoge's injuries had already begun to spread.

If this continued on, this would be a heavy strike on the morale of the soldiers of the [Youyan army].

In these years, Lu Zhaoge was a deity that was worshipped by the [Youyan army]. His words were like the law. It was namely that fact that there was a deity-like instance, that the [Youyan army] could function in such unity and efficiency, like a steel plate. This was the power of his charisma and respect. But on some perspective, this was a double edged sword.

The previous Lu Zhaoge had a power that was near invincible. Therefore, this double edged sword only hurt opponents and not himself.

But this time, Lu Zhaoge suffered an injury unexpectedly. And the other side of the double edged sword finally showed itself.

Without exaggerating in the slightest, once Lu Zhaoge fell, the power of the [Youyan army] would fall by half at least.

The moonlight-like water shone from outside the window.

Ye Qingyu concentrated, sitting on top of the prayer mat. The moonlight shone on his body, making it as if he was covered by a layer of white fabric.

He began to focus his entire attention on activating his yuan qi, activating the [Supreme Ice flame] to once again forcefully use the [Supreme Ice flame] to burn the strange powers contained within the drop of blood. Ye Qingyu wanted to do an experiment. If he was able to exterminate the strange powers in that drop of blood, then perhaps he had a method to help Lu Zhaoge recover from his injuries— at the very least, he could provide a second opinion on what to do.

Lu Zhaoge was the Battle God that stood and guarded the Northern borders of the Empire.

If he really fell, then the [Southern Incline Legion] of the Snow Ground Demon Court could really do what they had wished to do for generations. They would leave their dwellings towards the south, claiming the lands of the Snow Empire. At that time, there would be countless citizens that would fall into an Asura hell.

Time passed minute by second.

The silver [Supreme Ice flame] began to crazily jump up and down on Ye Qingyu's palm.

Even its colour began to change. From a pale silver, it completely began to emit a dense radiance, as if it was a surging ball of quicksilver, releasing a dazzling splendour. It completely surrounded his palm.

And that strange droplet of blood was agitated by the power of the [Supreme Ice flame]. It formed into a three-coloured ball of light that also rose from Ye Qingyu's palm, beginning to rotate.

This did not represent that this droplet of blood had been ejected from his body.

Previously when this apparition had appeared, Ye Qingyu also thought he had succeeded. But the instant he extinguished the [Supreme Ice Flame], this droplet of blood would once again enter back into Ye Qingyu's palm with no way of blocking its passage.

Ye Qingyu bit his teeth, concentrating the entirety of the [Supreme Ice flame] into the center of his left palm.

A radiance like quicksilver, countless rays of white light, were like mad tentacles. It gave off a sensation of extreme evil and madness.

These white lights were many and clustered, like an ominous dragon that was pushed to the brink. It spread out towards the surroundings, as if it wanted to grab hold of something, or perhaps it wanted to destroy something. Every strand of light was as if it had a life, emitting sinisterness, poison, decay, rotten, putrid aura and smell. One look was enough to cause one to have feelings of despair… "This should be the white-coloured power. Extremely evil."

Ye Qingyu looked at it with his eyes, activating the [Supreme Ice flame] to burn these white strands of light.

There were constantly white strands of light being burned, but there were more and more white strands of light that split from that drop of blood. It was as if there would never be an end…

Activating the [Supreme Ice flame], expended a lot of inner yuan.

Every time, Ye Quingyu would be in a state where he had completely expended all his inner yuan and could not help but abandon taking things further.

But this time, Ye Qingyu used his full efforts.

From the [Cloud Top Cauldron] immersed within his Spirit Springs in his dantian, he took out a jade bottle. Opening it, he took a gulp, a drop of blue liquid falling into his mouth. The instant it entered into his throat, it turned into a vast yuan qi that entered throughout his body. It quickly replenished the expended inner yuan in Ye Qingyu's body.

This was the blood of the [Yuan Qi Giant].

This was one of the treasures that Ye Qingyu had obtained when he was still at White Deer Academy in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield].

The [Yuan Qi Giant] was a lifeform that had been be born from the gathering of the yuan qi in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. Its blood was the purest form of liquid yuan qi in the world. Once he drank a drop, it could unendingly replenish him with the purest inner yuan. Right now, Ye Qingyu was at the twenty-five Spirit Springs cultivation level. He only needed one drop to instantly transform his body deprived of yuan qi into a body filled and stuffed with yuan qi.

Yuan qi once again surged and flowed through Ye Qingyu's body.

Ye Qingyu bit his teeth, once again activating the [Supreme Ice flame] to extinguish these strands of silver light.

There were three terrifying powers within that mysterious drop of blood.

These three types of energy devoured and fought each other, not allowing coexistence.

This time, Ye Qingyu abandoned the idea of restraining the other two types of power, focusing solely on the strange white power. The [Supreme Ice flame] was activated to its fullest, so much so that even Ye Qingyu could feel a coldness that seeped into his bones. But he bit his teeth, bitterly enduring it.

His inner yuan was madly being expended.

In but fifteen minutes’ time, his inner yuan was once again nearly expended.

Ye Qingyu did not hesitate in the slightest, drinking another drop of the [Yuan Qi Giant] blood.

His inner yuan was once again replenished.

This continued on like so.

Cycle after cycle.

Time passed minute by second.

The [Supreme Ice flame] constantly extinguished those white strands, and there would constantly be new strands of white light born.

This was a very long and arduous fight.

Within the jade bottle, there was already very little blood of the [Yuan Qi Giant] left inside.

Ye Qingyu was also just about to reach his limits. He was able to sense an extreme fatigue, a sensation that he was about to faint. His temples ached, and his spirit was showing signs of breaking. To have continuously activated his inner yuan like so, expended a great deal of his concentration. His meridians and pressure points around his body were also somewhat swollen and painful. This long process of powerful surging inner yuan caused very evident after effects.

After ingesting the last drop of blue blood in the jade bottle inside him, Ye Qingyu made the final attempt.

It was also at this time, when suddenly an unexpected change occurred.

The white-coloured light that came from the droplet of blood suddenly disappeared.

The originally multitude of white strands that were expanding endlessly disappeared in this instant. A white colour point of light was forced out from the droplet of blood, flickering with a bizarre radiance. And as for all those negative emotions, despair, decay, and putridness, these auras had completely disappeared. The white-coloured light flickered with a dream-like pureness and brilliance.

"En? What has happened?"

This was a change completely out of Ye Qingyu's expectations.

The droplet of blood turned from three colours into two.

The white had already disappeared.

But the white ball of light that had been forced out, just what was it?

If the strange white-coloured power had been completely smothered, then should it not have disappeared entirely? Why was its aura and radiance completely different from before?

The aura of this white-coloured light was pure and holy, as if it was the purest unclaimed energy.

But Ye Qingyu did not dare to really absorb it.

Because previously, the white-coloured power had demonstrated that it was far too vicious and cunning.

Thinking for a bit, Ye Qingyu finally used the [Supreme Ice flame] to envelop this ball of light.

This time, he did not encounter the slightest shred of resistance. This ball of light completely immersed into the [Supreme Ice flame].

Boom!

A silver flame began exploding from Ye Qingyu's left palm.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

