Chapter 1229:


Chapter 1244 - The Hordes of Beasts from the Heavenly Wasteland

At the Vast Thousand Domains.

As time passed and the moon waxed and waned.

This world was in the midst of a significant change.

Over the past couple of years, the yuan qi found in the universe became more and more abundant, and the power of laws was more well-defined. This resulted in many experts emerging in the various domains including the Heavenly Wasteland Domain. It was truly the age of martial artists.

It was as though the restrictions on the martial way that had prevented all lifeforms from furthering their cultivation had been smashed overnight, and millions of races welcomed a golden age of the martial way. There were more Saint and Great Saint experts than ever; all experts could feel the bottleneck on their martial way loosening and easily achieved breakthroughs. The techniques that they had found so challenging in the past suddenly became very easy to cultivate.

In a few short years, the standards of the Vast Thousand Domains' martial way skyrocketed rapidly.

Countless prodigies, heroes, ambitious men, and talents emerged rapidly one after another; the age of powerful talents was about to begin.

However, no matter how much this world has changed and no matter how many peerless prodigies fought to show off their talents, there was still that one person that nobody was able to surpass—the third deputy spokesperson of the Human Race, Ye Qingyu.

This was a peerless human prodigy who had come from humble beginnings but was easily the most powerful person throughout the Vast Thousand Domains. He had not been seen for several years, but his miraculous achievements in battle were still enough to make those recently emerged talents quake in fear. This was especially so since as time passed, news of what actually happened during the space battle at Capital Sky Peak, the battle at the Four Stars Sect, and the battle at Ren Puyang's funeral hall were made public, and this caused the entire Vast Thousand Domains to tremble at the mention of the name 'Ye Qingyu'.

He killed Quasi-emperors as easily as slaughtering chickens or dogs.

He single-handedly killed several true Quasi-emperors, and his amazing achievements seemed so miraculous that no matter how outstanding the later prodigies seemed, none of them could quite match up to him.

At the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

The Heaven Wasteland Domain was now a rising star. It was rich and powerful; it was said to be the most outstanding emerging power of the entire Vast Thousand Domains. Its far-reaching influence could be seen in the Heaven Wasteland businesses that have popped up all over the Vast Thousand Domains; the citizens of the Heaven Wasteland Domain were seen everywhere and even in the most remote small domains, they were extremely active. Wherever the Heaven Wasteland Domain set up businesses, all the other forces would approve of all their proposals and even the super domains such as the Water Moon Domain and the Dragon Human Domain did not have designs nor show any form of disrespect to the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

The most outstanding business group in the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission was the Qingluo Chamber of Commerce.

The leader of the Qingluo Chamber of Commerce was Song Qingluo, a famous beauty known throughout the Vast Thousand Domains. She was exquisitely gorgeous, very intelligent and extremely powerful herself. Many young and handsome men admired this beautiful and rich woman. Many wanted to court her, from the most talented man in a domain to the talented men in a sect; she had many suitors and many were truly talented, but they failed to win her hand.

It was said that Song Qingluo used to be Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu's lover, and there were also rumors that Song Qingluo was so powerful because Ye Qingyu had imparted his skills to her. There were even rumors that Goddess Song had a long-lost sister and her sister was Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu's lover; due to their familial connection, he had given the Qingluo Business Group preferential treatment.

These rumors also contributed to the reason why the Qingluo Chamber of Commerce was able to take its place amongst the top five chambers of commerce within the Vast Thousand Domains in a short period of time.

There were also several other flourishing chambers of commerce besides the Qingluo Chamber of Commerce.

The Human Race of the Heaven Wasteland Domain were treated like royalty wherever they went.

Their Empress' authority and dignified manner was also known throughout the land.

Yu Xiaoxing was known throughout as the most powerful woman in the Vast Thousand Domains. She enjoyed a higher status and title compared to Song Qingluo, but because her title was far too noble, the common people did not dare to gossip about the Empress. Thus, Song Qingluo was more widely discussed amongst the people than Yu Xiaoxing.

There were many talents and heroes that emerged from the Heaven Wasteland Domain, and excluding Lin Zheng, Li Guangbi and the others who were part of the older generation, the two Brute Kings and two Beast Kings who were titled kings amongst the foreign races also enjoyed high prestige throughout the entire domain. This was especially so for the two Demon Kings, Yan Buhui and the Dragon Turtle—one guarded the Snow Ground Demon Court while the other was stationed at the Heaven Wasteland Building. These were all experts who had emerged recently from the foreign races and were known to have achieved outstanding feats in battle, so many people were of the opinion that it was highly likely that they'd be able to become Quasi-emperors one day.

Besides them, there was also Qin Zhishui, the [Saber King of the Heaven Wasteland], Lin Baiyi the [Elixir King], Li Rui the [Sword Saint], the dragon son of the Dragon Tiger Sect, and so forth; they were all part of the new generation of prodigies whose names were known throughout the Vast Thousand Domains. They had achieved outstanding results in battle and were known as the heroes of an age. They were even more outstanding than the prodigies that had come before them, such as the Four Stars Sect Holy Girl and the Sacred Son of the Divine Sky Sect.

Due to its connection with Ye Qingyu, Deer City of the Heaven Wasteland Domain became a place of pilgrimage for countless martial artists.

There were three sacred places of the martial way located at the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

The first was Matchless Blade City, where Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu had once opened a forum for martial arts and established an arsenal. Over the years, under the [Saber King of Heaven Wasteland] Qin Zhishui's leadership, the city had flourished. Many sect members of the sects within the Heaven Wasteland Domain would make a pilgrimage there and discover a divine skill or secret technique that was perfect for them, so they treated the place with extreme reverence.

The second place was the arsenal located within the Snow Capital. This had also been established by Ye Qingyu and it was the official martial hall of the Empire, so countess martial experts within the military treated it as a sacred place. This was the place that had groomed many experts from the military, and it was said that the War God of Youyan Pass Lu Chaoge, Liu Suifeng, and the others had once locked themselves in self-isolation in this very place. This was the reason why it was a place where countless military experts dreamed of cultivating at.

The third place was Deer City.

There wasn't any top-level arsenal to be found within Deer City, but White Deer Academy was now indisputably the best academy within the Empire, having groomed and produced many young prodigies. However, this was not enough for Deer City to seal its status as a sacred place. The only reason for it being known as a sacred place was because Ye Qingyu had studied there. Thus, the significance of the place lay in its reputation and not anything else. Nonetheless, its reputation had spread far beyond the Heaven Wasteland Domain and was a popular spot throughout the Vast Thousand Domains. Many martial experts and prodigies from the foreign domains would come to Heaven Wasteland Domain to visit Deer City and White Deer Academy in hopes that they'd be able to walk in Ye Qingyu's footsteps and gain enlightenment for their future along the martial way.

It was a sunny day with clear skies.

The sky was a sea of blue, like a giant blue stone, so clear and pure that it was absolutely enchanting.

The scenery was gorgeous outside Deer City, and there was a bustling stream of people.

It was a beautiful morning and everyone at Deer City was about to start a new day. Everyone looked happy and contented; thanks to Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu, Deer City had welcomed a huge number of visitors, so all the citizens of Deer City had made money from this never ending stream of visitors and accumulated great wealth. The laws of the city were strictly enforced and well-regulated, so this place was like heaven to its citizens.

In the Song estate.

Song Qingluo who had managed to schedule a rare trip home had changed into simple robes, lightly masked her aura, wore an exquisite silver mask with intricate markings, then headed toward White Deer Academy with several men.

This was a habit that she had nurtured.

No matter how busy she was, she would always find time to make several trips to White Deer Academy every year, to look at the place where the man-made forest, mountains and the trainer's square had once been. She had precious memories of these places and had an unattainable dream. She knew that this dream would never come true, but she would still make a trip to this familiar place, as though she could find that person waiting for her by the dying embers if she turned back.

As she walked along the streets, she saw many creatures from foreign domains and lands, all clad in a strange variety of clothes.

There were several people like Song Qingluo who wore masks made of silver silk, and thus, no one recognized this slender and beautiful lady as the goddess who was known throughout the entire Vast Thousand Domains.

Song Qingluo walked very slowly.

Soon, she arrived at the main gates of White Deer Academy.

She couldn't help but smile at this sight.

This was when she was at her most relaxed state of mind.

The status of White Deer Academy was now so special that it wasn't open to the public on weekdays, but an outstanding alumnus like Song Qingluo would naturally be allowed to enter once she made her identity known. Today was no exception, either.

As she walked past the main gates of the Academy, the scenes that were so familiar to her could all be seen.

Over the years, under the leadership of the head of the Academy Hon Kong, White Deer Academy did not blindly expand but continued to maintain the intricacies and scale of the past, so nothing had changed.

Song Qingluo looked down and was contemplating whether she should pay a visit to the head of the Academy Hon Kong when suddenly, a shrill alarm shattered the tranquility of White Deer Academy and the entire Deer City.

Song Qingluo was surprised.

The next instant, the shrill alarm sound turned into an endless series of crashes in the sky above Deer City.

"What's going on?"

She had been taken aback by the first warning signal, but after the twelfth sound of this signal and countless rays of colorful yuan qi splendor flew into the air throughout Deer City, she immediately realized that something big was about to happen.

Twelve warning signals meant that this was the highest alert state of the Empire.

These colorful splendors signified that all the defensive formations of Deer City had been activated without any hesitation at that moment.

The tranquil White Deer Academy was now a bustling hub of activity.

Classes were canceled and the young students looked on curiously.

At the same time, the crowds on the streets outside the Academy seemed a little flustered and they looked up at the sky in surprise.

Further in the distance, along the city wall of Deer City, battalions of armored soldiers made their way toward their appointed defensive positions at the fastest possible speed.

The residents of this city who were still in the outskirts were all ushered back in at the first instant.

Several warring airships that were within a several hundred kilometer radius returned to the city.

When the defensive formation of the city was activated, layers of colored light shields appeared from all around and wrapped themselves in layers around Deer City. There were more than ten layers and this formed an extremely secure net.

The formation had just finished activating when a black sea of beasts could be seen on the horizon. They charged frantically and ferociously toward Deer City. As the stampede made its way to the city, hills were stomped flat, trees were broken, wild beasts were reduced to bones, and everything in their way was turned to ashes. It was like a destructive force that instantly destroyed everything.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1230:


Chapter 1245 - He Has Come

No one had expected to see the horde of beasts that had once caused everyone at Deer City to tremble in fear to appear again after such a long time. Furthermore, this time, the beasts were far more terrifying and came in larger numbers than the previous few times. When the horde of beasts smashed against the outermost layer of the defensive formation, everyone in the city felt the land shake so intensely that it was as though there had been an earthquake, and this took a long time to subside.

However, the city's inhabitants weren't as terrified as before.

Deer City today was no longer an insignificant small city within the Snow Empire; it had become an important city of great repute within the Heaven Wasteland Domain. Regular troops and experts were stationed with the city and countless experts from the foreign domains were also based there, so now it was many times stronger than it was before. Everyone optimistically assumed that the horde of beasts would no longer cause any damage and would probably not even be able to overcome the city's defensive formation.

After all, that formation had been personally modified and laid out by Ye Qingyu.

However, Hon Kong, the City Lord of Deer City, and the higher-ups thought that there was something strange about the situation.

After all, Ye Qingyu had entered the depths of the mountain range and killed almost all the desolate beasts to prevent a recurrence of the beast horde. He had even destroyed and sealed the cracks in space, including the nests of these desolate beasts; according to Ye Qingyu, Deer City would not face the threat of attacks from these horde of desolate beasts ever again, so how could these beasts reappear in a span of a few years?

When they looked down at the horde from their vantage point along the city wall, the endless stream of desolate beasts seemed like a destructive torrent and was extremely terrifying. The desolate beasts were charging toward them in larger numbers than ever before.

"Everyone, there's something strange about this," the City Lord Qin Ying said gravely.

Qin Ying was the City Lord when Ye Qingyu was a young man and he was still the most authoritative figure throughout Deer City. This was not just because the Qin clan was a longstanding fixture at Deer City, but also because Ye Qingyu had no intention of punishing Qin Ying for his previous deeds. Moreover, Qin Ying had always been a good City Lord, especially during the Heaven Wasteland Empire era. He had also reflected on his own actions and governed with benevolence. The Qin clan had always been highly regarded within the military.

In some ways, Qin Ying was a veteran of the Empire.

His cultivation had also increased over the past few years and was now a Saint. However, due to his age, he would not be able to increase his cultivation any longer. There were rumors swirling that he would step down after this year and hand over the reins to his eldest son, Qin Wushuang.

Qin Wushuang was standing next to his father at that moment.

He had once vied with Ye Qingyu for dominance at White Deer Academy and had once been extremely confident and overbearing, but how could he be a match for Ye Qingyu who was so incredibly powerful? His youthful brashness had faded and Qin Wushuang was now a more mature man, but he had never given up on trying to catch up to Ye Qingyu's achievements. He had once taken on a different identity to fight with the north-eastern troops and had been on the most intense battlefields, which resulted in his handsome face being marred by a huge scar that almost split his skull open. This was proof of his contributions in battle and now, he was one of the most outstanding men in the Heaven Wasteland Empire's army.

Qin Wushuang had never responded to the pervading rumors.

He knew that he wouldn't want to take on his father's duties and be a rich City Lord.

Only those who had experienced the world outside would be able to understand how large and exciting this world was. He knew that he'd never be able to match Ye Qingyu's amazing achievements in this lifetime, but he still wanted to go out and experience the world for himself. His martial heart had become extremely tough after the past few years of training, so he would never stop moving forward.

He had only returned to Deer City to visit relatives this time and planned on leaving the Heaven Wasteland Domain to train in the distant lands after visiting his parents, but he didn't expect to see the attacking horde of beasts this time, so he went up to have a look with his father.

Qin Wushuang was also shocked by what he saw.

It wasn't just Qin Ying and Qin Wushuang who were stunned, but in contrast to the optimism felt by the citizens in the city, all the higher-ups of Deer City had a bad feeling about the charging horde of beasts.

"I can't see an end to this horde of beasts; they are like a black sea. This is the largest horde of beasts that we've ever faced," Hon Kong said gravely and frowned as though he was mulling over something. "I'm afraid that this horde of beasts is very dangerous. I guess even Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu himself would not be able to get rid of it. It is hard to annihilate such a chronic problem."

"I think there must have been a change in the deepest part of the mountains that we weren't aware of," Song Qingluo said.

She had followed Hon Kong up to the top of the city. She looked toward the distance, past the never-ending horde of beasts and toward the deep and forested mountains. The previous time this had occurred, Ye Qingyu had entered the deepest part of the mountains to turn the situation around, so she deduced that something else must have changed this time.

"City Lord Qin Ying, what are your plans?" Hon Kong asked.

Qin Ying had already calmed down and said, "I've already sent word to the imperial city and we should receive a reply soon. There's something odd about the incoming horde of beasts, so I intend to guard the city without attacking the beasts to observe the situation, and wait to see if anything changes. There's no need to send out troops to fight at the moment, so my top priority is to protect the citizens and tourists of the city."

Hon Kong nodded slightly.

Qin Ying had never been on the battlefield, but he was from a clan with strong military roots; during his time in power, the city had experienced many attacks from the beasts hordes, during which he would issue instructions by drawing on his previous experiences. This was the safest way to handle it; at least, there wouldn't be any rash mistakes.

As for the citizens that needed protection, Qin Ying hadn't clearly defined it but everyone knew that the most important people that they had to protect were the few who lived at the Ye mansion, especially Qin Lan and the rest who were his relatives. They couldn't afford to make any mistakes since they would not be able to withstand the wrath of Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu if he found out.

"What should we do if the horde manages to overcome our defenses?" Song Qingluo suddenly asked.

Everyone felt a shiver of fear traveling down their spines.

"Impossible," a military commander said without a second's hesitation. "The defensive formation of the city is the strongest it has ever been in several thousand years and Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu had also left other defensive measures behind. There are more highly-skilled experts in the city than we can count and if it wasn't for the fact that we're opting for a conservative approach, we could even make the first move, attacking the horde of beasts, and kill these creatures that only know how to engage in mindless slaughter."

This was how confident the military felt.

The other three commanders also looked like a picture of confidence.

Deer City today was no longer the small city it had been back in those days.

Moreover, they had already sent word to the imperial city, so if all went well, reinforcements would be able to come tomorrow. The Heaven Wasteland Empire was now so powerful that it was just a matter of time before they would be able to crush these desolate beasts of strange origins.

Besides these commanders, several other higher-ups and noblemen were mostly not that worried in spite of their dismay. They firmly believed that Deer City was strong enough to defeat the beast horde; it was only a matter of time.

Song Qingluo was about to say something when Hon Kong who was beside her shook his head and gestured for her to remain quiet.

She could only remain silent.

Qin Wushuang noticed their exchange and felt a trace of doubt rise in his heart.

An endless stream of desolate beasts were still frantically crashing against the defensive shield of Deer City fearlessly. Desolate beasts were also constantly being killed by the formation. The essence, blood, and yuan qi of these dead desolate beasts were being absorbed by the formation and turned into an energy that could continue to keep the formation running. This defensive formation seemed like it would never be exhausted; this was when the strong point of this formation laid out by Ye Qingyu was revealed.

The officials who stood along the city walls gradually started to relax.

Qin Ying issued a series of orderly commands.

"City Lord Qin Ying, I would still have to attend to several matters at the Academy," Hon Kong said as he clasped his hands and took his leave. "If you require any assistance, the teachers at the Academy will be more than happy to help."

"Many thanks," Qin Ying said. He was very respectful toward the Head of White Deer Academy.

Hon Kong left the city wall, grim-faced, as though he was thinking about something.

Footsteps sounded behind him; Song Qingluo caught up to Hon Kong in two or three steps and said, "Sir, the origins of the beast horde attacking this time seem strange, and I'm afraid that there might be other changes. We can't afford to let our guard down. Why did you stop me earlier? I..."

Hon Kong turned around and looked at her.

Song Qingluo was an outstanding alumnus of White Deer Academy and over the years, she had broadened her horizons by traveling throughout the various domains, becoming extremely intelligent. She was more perceptive and far-sighted than Qin Ying and the other officials, and was a clever and unusual woman, but...

He shook his head and said with a smile, "It wouldn't have done any good even if you spoke since they wouldn't believe your judgment. Moreover, if a disaster is truly about to befall the city, even if everyone in the city battled to their deaths, they might not be able to turn the situation around... Hopefully, the other defensive measures that Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu put in place would be able to buy us some time... Perhaps reinforcements might come tomorrow," he said as he turned to leave. He took a few steps before he turned back and said, "Oh. Before I forget, Chairwoman Song Qingluo, I think you should make the necessary preparations after you return to the Chamber of Commerce."

Song Qingluo's expression changed and she said, "Do you mean..."

Hon Kong turned away and said, "I hope I'm not thinking too much into this."

Song Qingluo's face turned grim.

She had a feeling that the head of the Academy knew more than he let on.

...

Hon Kong returned to White Deer Academy.

He didn't return to his office but instead, he went to the confession courtyard.

Lan Tian was a frequent resident of the confession courtyard and had spent the past month locked up within the confession courtyard after wreaking havoc in the city. He was extremely bored during this period and idled around, spending his days eating and drinking. He couldn't wait for his punishment to end and counted the days until he could go out to play again.

Thus, Lan Tian was extremely excited when the doors to the confession courtyard opened.

"Hmm? Academy Director Hon Kong? Hehe, I can't believe you've come to see me personally. Are you putting an end to my punishment in advance? Hahaha, many thanks. I've been bored out of my wits these past few days, I want to head out to have a good meal... Hehe, don't worry. I promise I won't pretend to be a teacher and bring the students out hunting ever again. Hehe..."

He readily acknowledged his mistakes without any hesitation.

Hon Kong was extremely grim-faced as he said, "You've got to get out of here."

"Ah? Sure, am I supposed to head out to play? Haha, that's great. I love playing..." Lan Tian said with a laugh. He was itching to head out and relax.

"I think he has come looking for you," Hon Kong said.

Lan Tian immediately stiffened and his pupils constricted.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1231:


Chapter 1246 - The City Has Fallen

"He... is here?" Lan Tian, who previously seemed very nonchalant, suddenly reacted like he had just heard terrifying news. His face turned grim and he even looked fearful.

"This is just my guess. The beast horde has come so abruptly that there are probably changes to the rest of the plans as well," Hon Kong said gravely and he looked more solemn than ever. "I didn't notice this before but now that I think about it, the beast horde have only appeared at Deer City and nowhere else. This has happened on three occasions and the first two occasions aside, this time they've appeared after Ye Qingyu had already exterminated the desolate beasts and their nests. There's something fishy about it, so I'm guessing it's very likely that the beast horde is after you."

The terror in Lan Tian's face faded as he relaxed and said with a laugh, "It doesn't matter whether it is him or not, what would change even if he came? We are the same entity anyway, so how could he kill me?" He sounded very flippant, but even a child could tell that this was just an act he was putting on.

The person that they referred to seemed to have some kind of terrifying ability that turned the normally playful and irreverent Lan Tian into a completely different person. He was clearly frightened of this person.

"He might not be able to kill you but he could destroy the entire world," Hon Kong said, emphasizing each word clearly.

Lan Tian shrugged and threw up his hands as he said, "Fine, why don't you tell me what should we do then?"

Hon Kong did not answer but looked around the confession courtyard and said loudly to no one in particular, "We've already come this far, so are you still not going to show yourself?"

Moments later.

Tiny ripples appeared in the air behind Lan Tian as a tall and thin figure emerged from the air, who slowly walked toward Lan Tian's side. This figure was as tall and skinny as a bamboo pole and the long black robes hung loosely on his frame, just like a walking clothes hanger. He looked cold and proud, as though everything that happened in this world had nothing to do with him.

If Ye Qingyu was present, he would have definitely noticed that this tall and skinny figure was the mysterious expert who had pretended to be a disciplinary teacher and entered his confession courtyard when he had been locked in it on the guise of delivering food. This mysterious expert had beaten him so badly that there were injuries all over his head, torturing him for ten days straight. Ye Qingyu had suffered a lot under this mysterious man's hands because of his sharp tongue, but had unexpectedly benefited from this beating—his yuan qi's circulation had become smoother and his physical body and yuan qi worked even more harmoniously together, resulting in a surge in his strength. Later, he had tried many times to search for this mysterious man but to no avail. After Ye Qingyu's techniques had matured and he held a high status within the Heaven Wasteland Domain, he had tried asking Hon Kong to search for this man on several occasions, but had received no other clues. It seemed like Hon Kong was aware of this mysterious expert's presence all along, but had withheld the truth for reasons unknown.

From the way this mysterious expert revealed himself, it was clear that he had always been within White Deer Academy, and that Hon Kong had always known about his existence.

"What should we do?" Hon Kong asked the mysterious expert.

The mysterious expert immediately replied, "Leave."

"Leave?" Lan Tian repeated in shock. "Didn't you say that you had to continue waiting here?"

"We'll leave if we can't wait any longer," the tall and slim mysterious expert said, "This was a matter from eons ago and even the Divine King couldn't possibly have such accurate prediction abilities, so there might have been a deviation in his predictions. I can already smell the impending scent of slaughter, so if we continue staying here, we'll perish along with the rest of the city. All these lives are worthless but you can't die. So, we'll have to leave."

The corners of Lan Tian's mouth twitched as though he wanted to say something but he ultimately muttered something before he said, "Very well, I'll follow your plan."

The tall and skinny mysterious expert looked at Hon Kong and said, "You'll have to go along with him to protect him."

Hon Kong turned pale and asked, "Why can't you be the one guarding him? The situation is not so dire to the point that we'll have to travel together, right? Moreover, as the head of White Deer Academy, if I abandon the teachers and students of my academy, then wouldn't I be..."

The tall and skinny mysterious expert scoffed coldly and pointed at Lan Tian, "White Deer Academy aside, even the lives of the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain added together are not worth as much as a strand of his hair. I'm sure you're well aware of that fact."

Hon Kong was suddenly at a loss for words.

He knew that the mysterious expert spoke the truth.

However, he wanted to do his best to salvage the situation. If he abandoned White Deer Academy and Deer City in their time of need, firstly, it wouldn't sit well with his conscience, and secondly, he would not be able to give Ye Qingyu an explanation for his actions—he felt that Ye Qingyu was a crucial determining factor in deciding who died and lived in this world, and he did not want to lose such a formidable ally.

"Since he has already commanded the beast horde to attack Deer City on several occasions, this means that he has detected something fishy. The gap between each attack was so long because he was probably only testing us, which means that he isn't absolutely certain yet. If the three of us flee together, he would definitely suspect something and if he launches a full-scale attack on us, we'll just be sitting ducks," Hon Kong said.

Lan Tian's eyes lit up when he realized what Hon Kong was trying to do.

Frankly, he preferred Hon Kong to that tall and skinny mysterious expert Guardian who was so aloof all the time. However, he had to respect and obey his words at all times because he knew that the Guardian would always have his best interests at heart and would never harm him. Yet, despite how well-intentioned the Guardian was, he was so aloof that he didn't care about anything else and didn't mind even if everything else were to be destroyed; Lan Tian found the Guardian's ways a little hard to stomach. After spending such a long time at White Deer Academy, he felt that he had already grown accustomed to the way of life in this world. He loved everything around him and didn't want to bring disaster and pain into it. The possible incoming disaster was because of him, and he truly didn't want to see the familiar faces and things of this world be destroyed by the beast horde.

The mysterious, tall and skinny expert looked at Hon Kong and said, "What do you mean?"

"I want to take the entire White Deer Academy along and bring Lan Tian together with the student population. We should try to make everything appear as normal as possible so that we don't arouse any suspicion," Hon Kong said, trying to frame his words in such a way that it sounded like he was doing this for Lan Tian's sake.

The mysterious expert scoffed coldly and said, "I know what you're trying to do... but, I approve of your plan. Start making preparations to leave."

Lan Tian's and Hon Kong's faces broke into smiles.

"We'll go get ready right away," Lan Tian said happily and hurriedly dragged Hon Kong outside.

After the two men disappeared from view, a small smile danced across the mysterious expert's face, who was icy cold just moments before; it was as though snow had melted. He had never been a cold and ruthless person, but was forced to become this way due to the circumstances. If it weren't for the fact that he was trying to protect the final ray of hope for this world, why would he have acted in such an aloof manner the entire time? He was also a man with feelings.

...

...

No one could have predicted that Deer City's defenses fell to the attacking horde of beasts that very night, even before the reinforcements from the empire could arrive.

Everything happened so quickly.

When the angry growls of the desolate beasts could be heard throughout Deer City, its residents were completely terrified and people could be seen fleeing down the streets, their clothes in disarray. The desolate beasts that could spit fire out of their mouths set fire to the land that was known throughout the Vast Thousand Domains as a sacred place. Endless mournful wails and shouts could be heard and firelight shot up toward the sky as countless residents became food for the desolate beasts in their sleep.

The endless swarm of black desolate beasts continued to charge into the city from the west, like a black sea of destruction.

This had happened far quicker than anyone had expected.

The commander of the western gate who had been a picture of confidence earlier rose from his bed with a start and angrily organized his troops to stage a counterattack in an attempt to drive these beasts out of the city and repair the breached areas. Unfortunately, both he and his four thousand soldiers didn't even last minutes on the battlefield before they were completely consumed by the beast horde, until there was no trace of them to be found.

There were more than twenty thousand regular soldiers from the empire stationed at Deer City and a portion of these soldiers had been assigned to guard it. Now that the city had fallen, they could only engage in street battles along with the Human Race experts. Battling desolate beasts on the streets was a nightmare since these beasts had naturally sharp claws and fangs, so they roamed around the streets like harbingers of death. It was impossible to ward off their sudden attacks.

The god of death descended upon Deer City in the midst of the endless wailing and crying of its countless residents.

It was a brutal battle.

Many civilians were killed and countless buildings had been damaged.

All kinds of formations within the city had been activated and they frantically worked at killing the beasts but it wasn't enough. There were far too many of them and they surged into the city like an angry flood; these formations ultimately broke down. As for the military that tried to organize counterattacks, they failed time and time again due to the sheer number of vicious beasts.

Many creatures and experts who had come to Deer City to have a glimpse of Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu's martial way were also swept into the fight and fierce battles broke out everywhere. There were many experts from different parts of the Vast Thousand Domains throughout the city and their angry shouts filled the night sky as terrifying yuan qi energy waves exploded, instantly killing countless beasts. However, these experts were soon killed by even more powerful beasts. There were extremely powerful beasts hidden in the beast horde that attacked Deer City this time.

There was a massacre unfolding in every part of the city.

Death, blood, bones, pain, and mournful wails all intertwined to form a death march.

When dawn was finally about to break, ninety percent of Deer City had fallen to the beast horde.

Countless experts had perished.

The beast horde continued its frenzied attacks.

The noblemen area had turned into a land of the dead. It was nothing more than a pile of rubble.

Burnt smells and the metallic scent of blood hung in the air all around the city; the survivors looked numb and sorrowful.

"Father, we can't hold them back anymore. We have to retreat," Qin Wushuang said, his body covered in blood. He had spent the entire night fighting these beasts, fainted several times and was almost eaten by them, but his personal guards had risked their lives to save him. He had finally regained some strength but he knew that they couldn't win this battle; thus, he proposed to beat a temporary retreat.

Qin Ying was also covered in injuries.

Despite his exhaustion, there was a determination and calmness in his gaze that wasn't there before.

He was surrounded by Qin Wushuang and the core strength of the Qin clan, the experts from the military, and many experts who had come on a pilgrimage from the foreign domain. Together, they were a fighting force of several thousand and this was probably the last line of defense for Deer City. The head of White Deer Academy Hon Kong had visited him last night and after their meeting, Qin Ying had proposed that he would lead those from the City Lord's residence, his personal soldiers, and military strength to bring up the rear so that Hon Kong could flee with several outstanding students and teachers of White Deer Academy. There were several students and teachers who volunteered to stay behind and fight, but they had basically all perished in battle.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1232:


Chapter 1247 - A Worsening Situation - Sacrifice

No one could have imagined that within a day, the flourishing and peaceful Deer City would have ended up this way.

The small Human Race city, known throughout the Vast Thousand Domains because of its connection to Ye Qingyu, was turned into a pile of rubble. Broken tiles and bricks laid everywhere; bodies piled up; the angry growls of vicious beasts could be heard in the distance, and the sounds of survivors fighting could barely be heard, but soon faded away into silence. There were also several formations in operation that could barely ward away the vicious beasts, but they would not be able to hold on for much longer.

Qin Ying had still been hoping that he could hold on until the troops from the empire arrived, to launch a counterattack and take back Deer City.

However, there was still no sign of reinforcements.

And as for them, they couldn't hold out for much longer.

He had already decided on a final plan.

"I will defend the city until my dying breath. The imperial family has always treated the Qin clan with kindness, and we have yet to repay the kindness that was bestowed upon us. Now, our city is under attack by vicious beasts, resulting in countless civilians being injured and killed. During such a time of disaster, I've failed in my duty as the City Lord to protect them and have committed a huge crime, so how could I abandon it?" Qin Ying said as he looked at his grown son, then at his clansmen and smiled. "Since the day Her Highness battled and won over the six districts to unite the Heaven Wasteland, and since the day the Lord of the Light Palace Ye Qingyu opened up a whole new world for the Heaven Wasteland Domain, there are only soldiers who would fight till their dying breath here, and there is no place for a City Lord who abandons his people. As the City Lord of Deer City, I'll have to go down with it."

"Father, you... can't. You..." Qin Wushuang said desperately.

Qin Ying silenced him with a wave of his hand and said, "There's something strange about this horde of vicious beasts attacking the city. They've even managed to overcome the formations that Lord Ye Qingyu had put in place, so there's obviously a terrifying presence hiding amongst the vicious beasts. No one knows why they are here. All of you have experienced the battles last night and managed to walk out of them. I can't afford to drag all of you down to your deaths along with me, so you have to walk out of this place alive, to report what you’ve witnessed today to Her Highness and Lord Ye Qingyu. This is no ordinary attack from the beasts; it might very well be the start of an apocalypse. Tell the military that they mustn't let down their guards."

He said, as though he was delivering his final words.

Everyone around him understood his final decision.

The Qin clan were both incredibly angry and filled with sorrow.

Many experts who had come from foreign domains couldn't help but develop a newfound respect for Qin Ying.

They hadn't noticed this Human Race nobleman who was in charge of Deer City since he was just a Saint realm martial artist. The Heaven Wasteland Empire might have been known throughout the Vast Thousand Domains but the Qin clan was just a minor nobility within the empire. Many experts from the foreign domains had only shown respect to Qin Ying and the other officials because of Deer City's connection to the empire and Ye Qingyu, but now, they truly respected and admired this City Lord's valor from the bottom of their hearts.

After consideration, aside from the precedent made by Ye Qingyu, who had ruthlessly crushed all opposition, and the inroads of development paved by the imperial family, the fact that thousands of other courageous officials like Qin Ying served the empire probably also had a large part to play in the vertiginous rise of the Heaven Wasteland Empire.

"All those who are not part of the Qin clan should leave, and those from the Qin clan who are above a hundred years of age and willing to fight alongside me are welcome to stay. Those who don't wish to fight may leave with the others... this is my final command, and my final request," Qin Ying's voice rang out loudly; there was an unmistakable determination in his voice.

Everyone looked at him sorrowfully.

Several people left the crowd silently and went to stand with Qin Ying. These people were all the elderly men of the Qin clan; Deer City was their homeland and they didn't want to abandon it. Many of these people had lost their close of kin in the previous night's battle, and they did not fear death. All they wanted was revenge and to stand with their clan elder Qin Ying. This was their final stand.

"I will also stay," Qin Wushuang roared and tightly gripped the saber in his hands.

Qin Ying smiled and said, "If you want the Qin clan to be thoroughly wiped out from the world, then feel free to stay. Whatever decision you make today, it will reflect how much you've grown and matured during your time spent with the military over the years. It's your choice."

"I..." Qin Wushuang started and felt as though the blood in his body was boiling.

Ultimately, he had no choice but to accept his father's painstakingly laid out arrangements, and leave with the rest of the younger ones from the Qin clan.

Qin Ying stood at the main gates to the City Lord's residence and watched the group leave. There was a calmness in his face that had never been there before.

Frankly, he was not a good person, and had for a time made things difficult for Ye Qingyu, before he had fully matured and risen to power. As a nobleman of the empire, he rarely spared a thought for the poorer civilians of the city. Over the years, as Deer City grew in wealth and military strength, he had only performed his duties as their City Lord perfunctorily. Most of the policies implemented were cascaded down from the empire, and any decision he made himself was to protect the interests of the Qin clan and the other noblemen, including the decision he was making today. He had done so with the future of the Qin clan in mind. If he were to flee with the best and brightest men of the Qin clan that day, he would have to bear full responsibility when the law of the empire caught up to him. However, if he died in battle—the empire might even reward the Qin clan and the others to compensate them for their loss.

He would use his life to pave the way for his son.

This was a decision he had to make as a nobleman and as a figure of authority.

"Let us protect the Qin clan's honor today."

Further away, the final formation shattered with a bang. Then, the vicious beasts that were like a black destructive sea howled, as they charged toward them. Qin Ying laughed, raised the long saber in his hand high and let out a final angry roar. The elderly men of the Qin clan beside him all ran up to meet the raging beasts like moths to a flame. Thus, the final battle of their lives began.

Deer City fell that very day.

Tens of thousands of its residents, and several thousand martial artists from the foreign domains perished in battle. There were many Saints and Great Saints amongst the dead. The terrifying horde of beasts turned the city, one that had been a sacred martial land for humans across the Vast Thousand Domains, into a pile of rubble. The regular troops of the empire stationed at Deer City were completely wiped out, and the city laid in ruins like a living hell.

Only the City Lord's son, Qin Wushuang, and several thousand elite experts of the city managed to flee because of Qin Ying’s sacrifice.

However, the top academy of the empire, White Deer Academy had already made arrangements to leave, even before the city fell. The head of the academy Hon Kong took the elite teachers and students and fled ahead of time. Thus, the peerless academy that had groomed the third Deputy Spokesperson of the Human Race Ye Qingyu narrowly avoided complete destruction.

Later, investigations also showed that Song Qingluo, the chairwoman of the Qingluo Chamber of Commerce was also in the city that night, but her whereabouts were unknown.

Ye Qingyu's relatives at the Ye residence had all gone missing as well.

Qin Wushuang and the others finally saw the reinforcement troops from the empire the next afternoon.

When the news was made public, it shook the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain.

The Vast Thousand Domains were also in shock.

This was indisputably the worst catastrophe that had befallen the Heaven Wasteland Empire since they had risen in the Vast Thousand Domains, and this disaster wasn't brought on because of enemy troops or an uprising, but from an unexpected horde of vicious beasts. Everyone was shocked and wondered how terrifying these beasts were to have been able to invade Deer City. After all, everyone knew that this was where Ye Qingyu had personally laid out its defensive formations.

Everyone’s attention was on Deer City at that moment.

However, soon they heard even more shocking news.

One of the battalions of regular soldiers from the Heaven Wasteland Empire, the Burning Snake Kiss, that had gone to lend aid to Deer City had not only failed to take back the city, they had been attacked and wiped out by the horde of beasts on a field ten thousand kilometers away from Deer City. Almost a hundred thousand elite soldiers of the empire were wiped out by the vicious beasts and their blood covered the lands!

The horde of beasts were vicious and savage, as they ravaged the plains and headed straight toward the imperial city, Snow Capital.

This news spread like wildfire and rocked the entire world to its core.

Many people had been shocked when they heard about the fall of Deer City for the first time, but when news got out about the complete destruction of the Burning Snake Kiss battalion, everyone was in shock but also overcome with a feeling of dread—the Burning Snake Kiss battalion were troops that had already been fully prepared for the horde of beasts; they possessed many destructive weapons and formations that could destroy large numbers of vicious beasts, but just after the battle had begun, six Great Saints from that battalion had fallen, and there were no survivors.

This was enough for everyone to re-evaluate the threat of the beast horde.

Theoretically, even if Great Saint realm experts were unable to defeat their opponents, they would still be able to flee for their lives. Thus, the fact that all Great Saint experts had died sent a shiver down everyone's spines. This meant that there was an Emeperor-level beast king hiding amongst the ordinary beast swarms, able to instantly kill Great Saints. In other words, the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain was in danger.

The empire was stunned and everyone stirred in shock.

The Empress of the empire was livid and the imperial guards sent a million soldiers led by Commander Li Guangbi toward the north to fight the enemy, while the Demon King Yan Buhui of the Snow Ground Demon Court led the demon god's troops down south, to coordinate and cooperate with the troops stationed outside the Youyan Pass. The Youyan Pass' Commander Lu Chaoge's Army, the Youyan soldiers were to help the soldiers in the south. In total, there were more than two million elite soldiers of the empire heading to crush and destroy the beast horde on the plains.

The battle swiftly unfolded in the most tragic moment.

The Heaven Wasteland Empire continued to operate smoothly.

At the same time, the allies of the Heaven Wasteland Domain also readied themselves to join the fight.

...

...

Approximately two million kilometers on the plains toward the imperial city, Snow Capital.

There weren’t many cities to be found along the plains, especially in the depths of the sea of grass, where it was the natural habitat of the local beasts. It was already set as forbidden grounds for most of the Human Race, and now that the beast horde had invaded the south, the area north of the Boundless River was already invaded. The ten thousand men of the Burning Snake Kiss army had been wiped out along the northern coast of the Boundless River, and for a long time, the water in the Boundless River had been dyed red from the blood of the soldiers.

The only good news was that after the beast horde defeated the Burning Snake Kiss troops, they seemed to finally be in a low energy period and didn’t continue their way north. They temporarily stopped at the Boundless River and merely sent out a small portion of their elite troops to head south and make probing attempts in that direction.

In the area several thousand kilometer south of the Boundless River, there were vicious beasts that looked like flying snakes, bone dragons, and bats that flew at low altitude, as though they were looking for something.

The survivors of Deer City with Qin Wushuang as their leader, the Qingluo Chamber of Commerce led by Song Qingluo, the teachers and students led by Hon Kong, as well as the Ye clan members led by Qin Lan, Li Shizhen and Lang Yong, hid themselves in the sea of grass, over in the grassy plains, and carefully made their way south to the Snow Capital.

Their only goal was to escape detection by the beast horde and to reach the imperial capital alive.

However, Hon Kong and Lan Tian had other plans.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

