Chapter 577:


596 - The Blood in Flowing Light City



Ye Qingyu was pensive in his heart.

The changes that had occured on the Fragrance Plains had something to do with the battle between the Human Race and the Demon Race after the Sword Storm Duel gathering. He could not escape responsibility from the breakout of the battle that day where divine tools were used. And it was also him that had caused the explosion on the underground spirit veins.

The battle between such experts had shaken the mountains and cracked the earth, with even the air being shattered to pieces. Even if they had done their best to hold their powers back, the ripples from the battle had caused devastation to all lifeforms, with the result of howling ghosts being born everywhere.

According to the rumours, the Divine Race and the Demon Race of the past were so powerful, that they could be called the rulers of this world. Ultimately, their constant battle had destroyed their own homes, causing them to walk towards the end of their race.

Everything that had happened in Clear River Domain, was only caused by the battle between divine tools and experts at the Immortal Step boundary. What would happened if it was a battle between the Martial Emperors of legend with Emperor weapons?

As he thought of this, Ye Qingyu's heart constricted.

He knew that ripples from a battle of that level was enough to utterly annihilate the entire Clear River Domain!

Ye Qingyu was filled with reflectiveness.

He finally began to understand, why was it that when he was in Heaven Wasteland Domain, he received the divine thunder Heavenly Punishment as soon as he exhibited strength at the level of the Heaven Ascension stage.

For such a young domain like Heaven Wasteland, it was extremely difficult for it to withstand such a powerful force. For Heavenly Punishment to fall down at the first instance was a type of natural reaction and self protective measure a domain had.

For a domain that had already matured like the Clear River Domain, after encountering the battle of experts at the Immortal Step stage with divine tools, there was already such an extreme transformation of climate. Furthermore, this terror was only the surface-level direct changes. The entire Spirit qi and fortune of the Clear River Domain had already began to transform and change in the background. This sort of transformation would take a very long time in the future before being discovered by others.

This was the first time Ye Qingyu realized the destructiveness a martial expert possessed towards this world.

He withdrew from his pondering, rubbing the red snow off his shoulders. Exchanging a glance with Hu Bugui, they continued onwards to Flowing Light City.

……

Three days later.

Outside the gate of the Flowing Light City.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui traveled thousands of miles to come over here. Looking at the far off city, they could not help but display emotions of disappointment. Amidst the dim sun, they could see the far off huge rock barrier. Under the vast city walls, they let out a gentle sigh.

The Flowing Light City of the past, was tens of thousands of meters high, buildings lined up like the tooth of a comb, as if it were a divine country.

But right now, the city walls had already collapsed. Smoke drifted everywhere, a bloody stench covering everything, as if it was a dead city.

The Flowing Light fortress city that had once been impenetrable for thousands of years had now become dim and lifeless.

There was the sound of wind passing through the crevice and crack of the broken walls, as if it was crying in a low voice about it's tragic and sorrowful state.

At the city gates, they could see the Demon Spider Race army traversing through, as well as some intermittent human figures.

"En? The Demon Spider Race has occupied the Flowing Light City, but they did not completely butcher the city?" Seeing this, Hu Bugui was slightly taken aback. "The Demon Spider Race is famed for being brutal. In the previous human and demon great battles of the past, as long as they occupied a human city, they would butcher everyone inside. They would treat humans as their food source. From what it seemed like right now, they really had plans to rule over Flowing Light City?

Ye Qingyu looked at Flowing Light City far off in the distance, and heard Hu Bugui's words. Hearing his words, his heart relaxed slightly.

No matter what, the city having not been butchered was definitely good news.

At least it represented that the Flowing Light City in front of their eyes had not yet transformed into a sea of blood and a mountain of corpses.

“Who knows what the Demon Spider Race is doing this time?" There was a trace of suspicion on Hu Bugui's face.

Ye Qingyu let out a breath of relief, saying, "We can't care too much. Since they have not butchered the city, then we can pretend to be refugees and enter. We should act as the situation demands."

"Good." Hu Bugui nodded his head.

The two came from the Greater One mountains, and had a long journey. They were originally tattered and dirty, so they did not have to assume any disguise. Hiding away their yuan qi fluctuation, their outer appearance was like two refugees. Following the path, they entered through the city gate, and entered into Flowing Light City.

The soldiers of the Demon Spider Race army only gave them a glance without saying anything.

"This is..." Not long after entering the city gate did they truly enter into the main interior of the city. Hu Bugui suddenly lifted his head and looked to the right, opening his eyes wide.

Ye Qingyu followed his gaze as he looked, and instantly froze where he stood.

In the distance, there was a forest of flags. There were several hundred ten-meter-tall flag poles of all sorts of sizes that stood there.

The last time he came to Flowing Light City, Ye Qingyu had seen this forest of flags. On every flag pole, there was the flag that represented one of the forces of the Human Race within Flowing Light City. They were like dragons dancing in the wind, and presented an awe inspiring sight.

But right now, it was not flags that were on the flag poles.

It was heads.

It was the heads of humans that had their eyes wide open, having been chopped off when they were still alive.

Ye Qingyu looked at the poles that originally held the city's flag, the originally dark flagpoles had already been covered with flesh blood. It's colour had long been transformed into a shocking dim red colour.

There were the heads of countless civilians surrounding this pillar. Within them, there were even some heads of old people, women as well as children.

There was a nearly insupressible killing intent that flashed by Ye Qingyu's eyes.

After all, there were people who had died.

The Demon Spider Race had begun to butcher the city.

As part of the Human Race, Ye Qingyu could not help but feel furious and sorrowful in his heart after witnessing this scene.

The Hu Bugui by his side also had fire burning in his eyes.

But the two still temporarily suppressed the urge to act. They decided to first assess the situation, and first gather some information.

They followed along the main road.

The originally bustling and luxurious main streets of Flowing Light City, could no longer revert to what it was like in the past.

Under the brutal and primitive rule of the Demon Spider Race, all the families of the cities closed their doors and did not go out. There was basically no one selling any goods or items at either side of the road.

The few humans that were actually walking about on the roads of the city were shivering and nervous. They had bent backs and lowered faces, not daring to lift their faces to walk.

Hu Bugui was familiar with the paths of the Flowing Light City, and brought Ye Qingyu through some familiar roads and streets.

Everything they saw and heard caused complex feelings to be born in their hearts. They did not speak on the way.

Everything that came into view was desolate and ruined. There were some famed and classic restaurants, guesthouses and tea houses... that were currently completely destroyed. Their signs and door frames were destroyed by the aftermaths of the battle, and scattered everywhere.

“The fragrant rew that belongs to this store, was called the best in Flowing Light City....." Hu Bugui looked at the sign in his hand. There was only half of it left, the sign of the [Fragrant Brew Restaurant].

There was a hard to describe expression in his eyes, as if mist was enwrapped around him. It caused others to not know his current emotions.

Ye Qingyu looked at the back of the silent and down Hu Bugui, not sure how to react to this at this time.

After all, he was a guest that came from Heaven Wasteland Domain. For Hu Bugui, this was the home and family where he was born and grew up. This powerful bandit drifted everywhere, and came to the Flowing Light City countless times. There was his friends and memories that were here.

His home had suffered such heavy losses, and had been invaded by outsiders. His home had been taken over, and there were very little humans left. It was as if an apocalypse had descended. It was most likely that the inner heart of Hu Bugui was currently so painful it was hard to use words to describe.

Ye Qingyu's eyes darkened. His half formed words could not be released from his mouth, he wanted to console this bandit-like man.

At this time---

"The daughter of the boss of Willow Alley, her beauty and charm can definitely be ranked in the top ten of Flowing Light City." Hu Bugui suddenly turned around, a colour flickering in his eyes. His eyebrows quirked up, giving a strange smile towards Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

Pok!Pok!

Pok!Pok!

it was as if time and space had suddenly stood still.

At this instant, Ye Qingyu could only hear the piercing cries of the demon crows and vultures.

He forcefully suppressed the urge to throw this person over. With a dark face, he turned around and left in large strides.

It seemed like he had overthought it. This bandit-like person was so simple minded, he did not need his consoling at all.

Hu Bugui looked at the back of Ye Qingyu, his lips curving into a smile.

He lifted his head to look at the sign of the "Willow Alley" that had been left over, and chased after.

……

After passing through two streets.

"Young masters, have a look..."

A hoarse and old voice like it was beggar speaking sounded out.

Ye Qingyu turned towards the direction of the voice.

An extremely aged old man was covered with dust, his clothes filled with holes. He was sitting at some stone steps next to the road side.

There was a piece of cloth next him with some scattered needlework on the cloth.

"Elder, right now the Demon Spider Race has occupied the city. Why don't you return to your family, why are you outside." Hu Bugui went over, knelt down, and asked in a small voice.

Ye Qingyu also squatted down. He picked up the scattered toys on the floor one after another from the cloth, and examined it extremely seriously...

A bronze mirror the size of the palm, a shuttlecock made from pheasant feathers, a red rope hand string-like thing. These were all items made from rough items, toys of simple workmanship.

"Ai... the food in my family has long been gone. The farm I had outside the city has also been ruined, it's now a piece of scorched and... my son and my daughter in law have been captured by the Demon Spider Race. It's unknown whether they are... There's only my wife and my newly born son that is still crying... it doesn't matter if we old people don't eat or drink, but my grandchild that has just reached one month old... has already not even had a drop of rice soup for the last two days..."

The old man tried to sell something for a day. After finally being engaged in conversation, he could not help but unload all his troubles.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui exchanged a glance. The city gate had fallen, causing the citizens to all be plunged into chaos.

If not for the fact that they assumed the role of a citizen, they really would not have felt that this apocalyptic battle and invasion of the Demon Race would cause the civilians to fall to such a bitter and tragic state.

"Thankfully, my wife can still make some feminine works. I try to sell these during the days. Even if I cannot earn some coins, but getting some flour or rice is good..." The old man, seeing that the two had fallen silent, thought they did not want to buy his items anymore. He rushed to open his mouth, wanting to do his bet to persuade them to buy something.

Ye Qingyu looked at the old man in front of him. Even someone as dejected as him, he hoped to use his own efforts to obtain some food. The stubbornness and unwillingness to give up contained in his bones could not help but make Ye Qingyu feel a shred of admiration for him.

It was a pity, that there was nothing that could be used as food on his body...

He turned to look towards Hu Bugui.

Hu Bugui took out a bag of flour from the interspatial pouch in his dantian...

A bag of flour?!

Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded.

One of the famed eighteen greatest thieves of Clear River Domain had a bag of flour in his interspatial pouch?!

"Hehehe..." Hu Bugui understood Ye Qingyu's glance, his mouths quierking in a smile, "An absolute hero like me that acts righteously is not always living in inns and guesthouses. There are also times where I am chased for vengeance by my enemies, and have to resort to staying in wild and desolate places. This is used for those times of need... times of need... haha"

He winked, his facial features twisting together, giving Ye Qingyu a shifty meaningful expression.

Ye Qingyu was also speechless.

But being like so was also good. Even if they gave the old man money or Origin crystals, it would be most likely that he would not be able to exchange it for food. Perhaps they would encounter the Demon Spider Race warriors robbing them of their possessions, killing them because of their wealth.

He was able to see the meticulous and cautious side of this bandit in front of him that seemed rough and coarse normally, and acted so sloppy most of the time.  He could not help but regard him in a new light.

After sending away the eternally grateful old man, they continued walking around the main city.

There was nothing in the city that was not destroyed heavily. The roads that were normally completely packed, right now only had cold wind blowing leaves silently past.

Fro the humans of the Flowing Light City, it was as if the apocalypse had descended ----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 578:


597 - Inn



Two hours later.

The City Lord's residence was within sight.

After avoiding several Demon Spider Race patrols of experts, the two rapidly neared the City Lord's residence.

But everything they could see in their vision caused the hearts of the two people to become heavy.

"It seemed like this place still could not be spared." Ye Qingyu sighed.

In the past, the City Lord's residence was the most luxurious and affluent place in the entire Flowing Light City. It was also the place with the highest authority, like it was a divine palace. It represented the greatest glory and power of Flowing Light City, it was the center of the governing party. On the two sides of the residence was the residences of the sects and major powers within Flowing Light City, incomparably glorious.

But right now, all the flourishing wealth and glory had turned into ashes and rubble.

It was the cornerstone of the Flowing Light City of the past. It stood like a palace, presenting a dazzling sight. The City's Lord residence that stood like an Imperial building, right now was a swathe of rubble and destruction.

Under some collapsed walls, they could see some small demon dogs that were currently tearing at the corpses of some humans the Demon Spider Race soldiers had thrown away.

Amidst the bones and flesh being ingested, there were some maggots and worms that were currently moving.

In the skies.

There were some bloody eyed vultures that were currently looking down onto those scattered corpses of the humans that had been killed. There were some that dived down to eat some pieces, and swallowed the corpses the Demon Race soldiers had casually thrown away.一

Apart from this, in this ruin of bricks and tiles, there were rows upon rows of punishment pillars towering above. On the pitch black peak of these punishment pillars, there were countless heads and tattered corpses hanging on it. They were all of dead humans, and there were at least ten thousand heads. These bodies belonged to people of all sort of ages. Someone witnessing such a brutal and cruel scene could not help but shiver.

Amongst these heads, apart from the brave warriors of the Human Race who fought against the Demon Spider Race, there were a proportion of it that belonged to some old people as well as some innocent young children as well as young women.

What caused Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui to be taken aback was that apart from the soldiers of the Demon Spider Race that were entrenched outside the City Lord's residence, there were also some human nobles as well as their forces that were patrolling around.

These human experts had a black and red spider marking on their arms. Evidently they had already given up and seeked refuge amongst the Demon Spider Race, betraying their own race.

Those traitors that knew no shame were even shouting and cursing, loudly advertising the graciousness of the Demon Spider Race.

There was a shred of killing intent that flashed by in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

For those people to become the dogs of the enemy in such a dangerous moment, changing their sides as soon as the wind changed. To please the Demon Spider Race, they even cursed and shouted at their human comrades. For those people, it was not too much even if they were trod upon by over a thousand people. Ye Qingyu had already judged them in his own heart. No matter what, once he had obtained the news and information he wanted, he must absolutely exterminate these people.

"Do you see, this is the consequence of resisting against the divine race."

"Every single person up there deserves to die, because they dared to fight against the almighty divine Demon Spider Race."

"Everyone of you be a little more honest. If I hear one bad word about the Demon Spider divine race, then I'll kill that person.“

Those traitors were frantically hooting, like a bunch of jackals without spines baring their teeth. It was absolutely repulsive.

Ye Qingyu stood far away, carefully remembering each and every one of their faces.

“I recognise that person..."

Hu Bugui suddenly opened his mouth, his eyes fixated on a pole.

Ye Qingyu turned his eyes towards where he was looking at.

It was the head of a young man. The right side of his skull had been cut apart, and his face was filled with blade wounds as well as burn marks.

"This is Lie Fengxing, one of the leaders from Honour Hall. He wa a true hero..."

There was a trace of respect that flashed in Hu Bugui's eyes, his figure solemn.

He continuously recognized the heads of several warriors and officers among them. They were all famous, loyal, and brave warriors of Flowing Light City.

Ye Qingyu stood silently by the side. Through Hu Bugui's gaze, he examined them one by one.

When those corpses were alive, they had spent their last breaths to fight to the end. They were brave warriors who had struggled to their last breaths without surrendering.

Their broken heads that were filled with wounds were a sharp contrast, like clouds being contrasted against mud, when compared to those shameless and despicable people outside the ruins.

"They should not receive such treatment. Even if they died in battle, they should be buried in the ground," Hu Bugui said lightly.

"That's right, I must bury them." Ye Qingyu's eyes gradually became decisive.

There was a raging fire burning in their hearts as they walked towards the ruins.

……

The ruins of the City Lord's residence.

"Hahaha... tomorrow is the day that those trash that dare resist against the divine might of the Demon Spider army dies!"

"It's young master Chen that had such foresight. You made us immediately surrender and seek the Demon Spider army after the city had been broken through. After handing out the maps of Flowing Light City as well as the treasures of the family, the Demon Spider Race did not kill us and even gave us such heavy responsibility. It was you that made them give us such good treatment.“

A person that had a sneaky face, with a massive black mole on the corner of his eyes, had a face of flattery.

The so called young master Chen was a young man that seemed to be around twenty years of age. He had white clothes, and his face was exceedingly handsome, with a somewhat scholarly aura. Right now, he had a fan that he was lightly using in his hands, his face filled with self pride. His aura was exceedingly sinister, and did not seem like a good person just from first impressions.

There were several other traitors that were loudly laughing, echoing what the others said.

"Haha, thats right, that's right. We're not like those idiots. If you don't even have your life, what right do you have of speaking about taking vengeance."

"There are not even a hundred people that remains that are still firmly resisting. Haha, tomorrow we will completely take care of them. We'll place their heads above these pillars, and we'll see if anyone dares to lightly make the decision to resist against the divine Demon Spider army.“

There were several other people with marks on their arms that came over, there faces filled with a vicious pride.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bgui had already neared at this time.

But after hearing the words between these two people, the footsteps of the two suddenly stopped. They exchange a glance, But by looking at each other's eyes, they realized what the other was planning. They temporarily suppressed the urge to act.

After a slight hesitation, the two remained silent, and turned around to leave.

They did not act, because they had heard that there were still some heroes, humans that were still resisting, that were being imprisoned.

Such news was the best news that they had received so far.

There was no need to rush in terms of burying those brave warriors, or taking care of these scum who had betrayed the Human Race. What was most pressing was to rescue those heroes that had been imprisoned. Otherwise, if he acted and alarmed the Demon Spider Race, then those brave warriors of the Human Race that were still imprisoned would most likely meet with misfortune.

To prevent them from disturbing the grass and startling the snake, they both chose to temporarily endure.

"Let's first go and find a place with more people and settle down, then go and obtain more information," Hu Bugui advised.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

Since it was like this, they could only follow such a path.

At this time, there was an inn that was not far away, still functioning, and that attracted their attention.

Ye Qingyu gave a glance to the signboard that was somewhat broken and fractured, casually tossed aside by the entrance of the inn.

[Heading South Inn].

"En? The last time I came to Flowing Light City, I also came here. Who would have thought it was still in business?"

Ye Qingyu was somewhat surprised.

He had some impression of this inn. All the furniture and arrangements of this store was facing south, and was somewhat special.

In the past, the business of this inn was extremely busy. Because it was near the City Lord's residence, all that came here were either nobles or important people, rich guests who did not lack for wealth.

At this time, there were thirty or forty refugees that were gathered at the entrance to the inn. Their eyes were all dispirited and lackluster, their face yellow and malnourished, their clothes tattered. Every one of these refugee had bowls of all different sizes, hoping that after the inn closed down for the day, the owner would spare them some leftover food and rice.

But at this time, there was a young server that came from the inn, bringing some left over foods that he gave to the refugees.

"The owner of this inn has a good heart." On Ye Qingyu's face, there was a shred of warmth that rarely appeared.

On the way, he had seen far too many scenes of brutality and violence. It caused Ye Qingyu's mood to become extremely poor. But seeing the scene in front of the inn, it made him suddenly feel that the Human Race still had hope.

In this world, perhaps there were many heinous people, perhaps there were many many heinous people. But there would absolutely also be kind people.

Such as those heroes who had died resisting.

Such as the owner of this inn, as well as this young server.

After a brief thought, Ye Qingyu said, "Why don't we first settle down in this inn. There’s a decent number of people, so it's convenient for us to obtain news. Then we can save the people tomorrow.”

Hu Bugui nodded in agreement.

The two came to the inn, and the young server came out, passionately receiving them.

The two guests settled down in the hall of the inn, and ordered two bowls of noodles.

"Guests, your faces are a little unfamiliar." A young and beautiful woman, her aura gentle, came out from behind the counter of the manager. Carrying a jar of wine, she placed it on their table with a smile.

She should be the owner of this inn.

This young owner had thick black hair, with two wild flowers on her hair. A green jade hair pin tightly held the hair behind the back, jade circulating in her eyes like a spring. Her figure was slender, and her moon white dress had a yellow outer robe. There were several faintly pink silhouettes of peaches on her robe, her posture elegant. She was evidently not just some common owner of an inn.

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth, "I did not think the Flowing Light City that was known as the city without night, would have turned like so coming here today."

"The world changes, the world transforms. There is no such thing as an eternal huge city," the young female owner said calmly.

Without knowing why, Ye Qingyu faintly felt there was a shred of caution in her tone.

The food that they ordered was quickly brought to them.

The young owner turned around to leave. Coming to the counter, she said something to another young man by the counter.

The young man that was standing at the counter should also be the owner of the inn. His appearance was elegant, and his looks and aura uncommon. There was three strands of white hair within his black hair, his hand holding a coarse brush that was the length of three fingers. While speaking to the female owner, he had his head lowered, seriously writing something on the bamboo.

In the hall of the inn, apart from Hu Bugui, now there were thirty or forty people. There was even more than imagined. There faces seemed filled with worry, they were discussing matters in a low voice in groups of 2 or 3. They were like birds being scared from a bow, their expressions filled with caution and warning.

Ye Qingyu carefully examined his surroundings. Although everything seemed normal, but he still felt something was not right.

A bolt of lightning flashed by in Ye Qingyu's brain.

He suddenly realized something---

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 579:


598 - Fury



Ye Qingyu suddenly realized that the owner last time he came was evidently a kind fat man. It had only been two months, but they had suddenly just switched managers?

But thinking about it, it was quite normal for business to change hands. Furthermore, it was in such chaotic times. The whole world was flipping around. It was not such a strange matter for there to be such a change.

Ye Qingyu silently sat down, evaluating the people inside and outside the inn, thoughtful.

No one noticed that at this time, Ye Qingyu had stealthily awakened Little Nine, and slowly whispered something near his ear.

Little Nine transformed into a stream of light that no one noticed, disappearing from the inn.

Time passed by.

Suddenly lifting his head, a father and daughter that were singing attracted Ye Qingyu's attention.

The old father that had wild white hair's complexion was old and somewhat unresponsive. He silently sat on a stool, his dark brown eyes sunken in his eye sockets. An empty trouser leg was tied into a knot, emptily dropping down to the ground. The most eye catching thing was his fingers, which was extremely long and slender, his nails like white jade. It did not seem like the withered and yellow fingers of a common old man. There was a glossy mahogany chinese fiddle in his hand that was emitting light, the skin of the fiddle also had a clear colour and luster. The skin of it was made from a python, the spine of the fiddle smooth and glossy. It was evidently made from high class mahogany.

The fiddle seemed to be old, and should be something his ancestors had passed down.

Travelling artists treated their own musical instruments as their lives.

But the fiddle in this old man's hand already had a broken string. He occasionally fiddled with it a few times, but the melody and tune was no longer as complete and melodious as it was in the past.

In the arms of this old man, there was a young girl that seems to be around twelve or thirteen years old.

There were ashes smeared across the face of this little girl, seeming to be dirty and grimy. Her slightly dry long hair that was to her waist was bound behind her back, several strands of hair landing on her shoulder. Her linen coloured cloth dress had already been contaminated with mud. In her embrace, there was a square spice bag the size of a palm, covered with the pattern of almond blossoms. This pouch was something she adored extremely. No matter how dirty her hands, her face, her clothes got, the spice bag was still as clean as if it was new.

The young girl sniffed it lightly, and a sweet smile appeared on her face. It was as if there was the fragrance of almond flowers that was indistinctly emitting from the spice bag.

Perhaps it was because the temperature was too cold, the little girl was like a little kitten that was curled up in the old man's embrace. She was thin and tired, her clothes torn, her large eyes dark and without expression. It was as if she was staring into the unknown space. There was a gentle and charming unknown little tune that was as loud as a fly constantly being hummed by her.

"She's a blind girl..."

Ye Qingyu poured himself a cup of tea. As he blew on the hot teal, he muttered to himself.

The Hu Bugui by the side withdrew his questioning gaze. It was only that his hands were half lifted in the air, as if he was thinking about something.

Ye Qingyu had once seen this father and daughter before. When he and Old Fish had just arrived at Flowing Light City, they had passed by the entrance of this inn.

Old Fish had heard the voice which this little girl sung with, and insisted that Ye Qingyu come inside to listen and eat.

Therefore Ye Qingyu had some impression towards this pair.

At that time, the flow of people within the city was like leaves, and the business of the inn explosive. therefore the business of this pair of father and daughter selling their music was not bad. Especially for this girl. She was cute and adorable, clever. She often said some innocent words that caused the guest to roar with laughter after singing.

Right now, the situation had turned chaotic. Everyone feared for their own lives, and no one came to listen. The father and daughter could only rely on each other as they sat dumbly in the corner.

From their appearance, it was evident they did not have money to eat. They only sat there dumbly, bleak and pitiful.

Seeing such a tragic scene, Ye Qingyu could not bear not to act.

"Server, come over."

Ye Qingyu beckoned.

"Come! Guests, what do you need?"

The young server as he was working hard on cleaning the tables, heard Ye Qingyu's voice and rushed over, his face filled with smiles.

Ye Qingyu flipped his hand, and retied a piece of thick clothing. Handing it over to the server, and ordering another two bowls of noodles, he ordered the server to bring it over.

The server quickly nodded his head. After running over and passing over the clothes, he once again returned to the kitchen. After a short while, there were two big steaming bowls of noodles that were brought out.

Handing the noodles to the father and daughter performing their arts, he pointed to the seat of Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui and then returned to the kitchen.

The father carried the bowl of noodles, bowing his head towards Ye Qingyu's location. After expressing his endless thanks, he sat by the table and began ravenously devouring the food.

By the window.

"It's snowing!"

The guests that were next to the windows suddenly let out a light exclamation.

Everyone heard this and turned towards the window.

In the skies, there was snowflakes floating in the air.

The snowflakes that were commonly seen everywhere in Heaven Wasteland Domain, right now caused a chilling cold to be born within Ye Qingyu's heart.

"In these thousands of years ,the four season of the Flowing Light City has always been like spring. Hundreds of flowers often bloom. Right now, the order of the season has been completely overturned..." Hu Bugui let out a weak sigh that could barely be discerned.

"With this snow, it's unknown just how many people will die from the cold..." there was someone that began sighing in regret in the inn.

The scattered few people that were sat everywhere in the inn did not seem to be nobles or ministers. Conversely, they seemed like people that were trapped here, people that could barely protect themselves and could barely escape.

"That's right, in the past it was always moderate wind and beautiful suns, lively and bustling. Right now it has turned into such a bitter cold situation, and we can't even return home..."

"The situation within the city has greatly transformed. It is unknown just how many people have gotten lost and drifted away from their homes. For there still to be a piece of roof over our heads is already not bad."

"That's right. It’s just unknown after the snow today, just how many bodies that have been frozen to death will appear on the streets at dawn..."

"Ai..."

There was a series of sighs.

The colour of the sky grew darker.

The snow that began during noon had signs that it was growing more and more intense.

Late in the evening, there was already a layer of white snow covering the roads. It was only that there was shreds of blood red mixed within, that was extremely jarring to the eyes.

Suddenly, there was a series of footsteps that sounded from far away.

The sudden noise startled those guests that were originally silent and engrossed in their own thoughts.

Everyone turned in coordination towards the entrance of the inn.

There was suddenly a squadron of Demon Spider Race soldiers that came from the distance. They suddenly stopped at the entrance to the inn, with strict discipline, cold glimmers emitting from their weapons and armour. It was like they were a black stream that instantly split apart. In a short amount of time, they quickly surrounded the entire inn.

Bang!

The entrance to the inn was kicked open, broken wood scattering everywhere.

A Demon Spider Race captain brought ten vicious Demon Spider Race warriors through the broken door.

There was a tense and nervous atmosphere that emanated throughout the entire inn.

Everyone was fearful and in danger.

Ye Qingyu lowered his head to prevent himself from attracting attention. But the corner of his eyes was observing clearly this entire squadron of Demon Spider Race warriors.

The captain of the Demon Spider Race had black armour donned all around his body. His face had a thin layer of black fur around it, his eyes sparkling with red light. The blade scar down the side of his cheek was like a dense forest being divided in half. His strength was around the Heaven Ascension stage, and there were two large red patterned spiders on his shoulders .Evidently it should be something like his battle pets.

By his side, the strength of the six Demon Spider Race warriors were also not ordinary. They also wore black armour, with a long blade at their waist. Their gazes were extremely terrifying, with a chilling killer aura, as if they were six machines of death.

Apart from this, there were some warriors of the Human Race that had their backs bent, following them around like lackeys.

"Where are the people? Quickly scram out, the Captain has something to announce." The human warrior blustered around for a bit, then glared at everyone in the inn and loudly shouted.

"I'm here, I'm here, I wonder what orders do your Lords have for me?" The young owner that was originally standing at the counter came out from behind the counter curtain. He was neither subjervient or overly arrogant, only slightly bending over. There was still the brush that was three fingers long that was held in his hand.

"You are the owner of this inn?" The human warrior evaluated him up and down.

"That's me," the young owner replied with a smile.

"Very well. Then listen well. The Devouring Heaven Lord has ordered that tomorrow morning, there is a swathe of human criminals that has to be executed at the ruins of the City Lord's residence. All you lowly slaves must come to the the ruins of the City Lord's residence to witness this execution. Those who dare resist this order will absolutely be killed without exception." The human warrior said, his tone high and loud, "Do you understand?"

The young owner nodded his head. "Yes, we will go. No matter what happens, I will definitely go."

The human warrior nodded his head in satisfaction.

He turned around, and when he faced the Captain of the Demon Spider Race, the arrogant and tyrannical expression on his face, immediately turned into flattery. Lowering his head and bending his back, "Lord, I've already finished interrogating. See..."

The Demon Spider Race Captain's expression was sinister like ice. Looking at everyone in the inn, it was like he was regarding dead bodies. Without saying a single thing, he turned and left.

As he did so, everyone in the inn let out a breath of relief.

But---

Che!

After walking several steps, the Captain of the Demon Spider Race suddenly turned around.

He extended his long finger that was covered in black bristles, hsi fingertips as thin and long as a spider's leg. As if he needed to count carefully just how many people were present in the inn. Using a voice that was like the creepy sound of rusty metal rubbing against each other, he said one by word, "You lowly slaves, if someone dares not to go, then this is equal to betraying the army. You will be treated similarly! At that, the divine Demon Spider warrior standing guard at Flowing Light City, the heroic and might Lord Devouring Heaven will personally conduct this execution. You will have the chance to experience the mightiness of Lord Devouring Heaven!"

"This is of course the case. Lord Devouring Heaven has not lost in over a hundred battles, he is invincible. Being able to experience his might is the wish of us common citizens." The female owner that was gentle and moving came out from the kitchen. Her slight smile was as if she could endure everything.

Only until the soldiers of the Demon Spider Race left, did the atmosphere in the inn finally completely relax.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui exchanged a glance.

They were going to kill those heroes that resisted tomorrow at the ruins of the City Lord's residence?

The leader of the Demon Spider Race army was also going to appear?

This was an opportunity that could not be missed. They could use this chance to save the people, and also completely eradicate the Demon Spider Race. This was absolutely perfect.

After a brief while.

The atmosphere in the inn became slightly lively again. Some people began discussing in low voices.

"Just now, that Captain of the Demon Spider Race, he is called the Red Devil. During the battle of the city, the City Lord led his guard as well as the servants of his family to resist to the last moment. They ultimately were no match and died in battle. It was this Red Devil Captain that was the first to rush into the family of the City Lord. He completely killed all three hundred of the members of the City Lord's residence, not even sparing one behind."

"That's right, the tragic scene at that time... really does not bear thinking about."

"In truth, this Devouring Heaven divine warrior is even terrifying. From the rumours, he is the head of the army that is stationed within Flowing Light City. He is extremely brutal, and likes to eat human meat the most. Those human warriors that were captured on that day, as long as they had the slightest shred of yuan qi cultivation, were roasted alive, or steamed. They were slaughtered like killing beasts.  After entering the bedroom of the City Lord's residence, he did not like the fact that the bed was too hard. He directly tore the skin of the little maid in the City Lord's residence as well as the daughter and two sons of the City Lord and used it as a bed cover on the bed..."

"This absolutely is utterly heartless."

"Ai, lower your voice. Don't speak anymore, if it's heard by anyone of no conscience and they report it back to the Demon Spider Race, then we will definitely die."

The voices of discussion lowered in volume.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui continued to listen to such discussions.

The expression of the two was calm like the sea with no wind, but the rage in their hearts was already a raging inferno.

Kacha!

The rage in Hu Bugui's heart rose. The pressure in his hand increased, and the teacup in his hand fractured. The tea inside seeped out from the cracks and fractures in the teacup----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 580:


Chapter 599, Justice on the execution ground

Time passed by quickly, and in the blink of an eye night had fallen.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui decided to stay at the inn for now.

At nightfall.

A white beam of flowing light flashed, arriving at the inn, and entered into Ye Qingyu’s room. 一

In the guest room.

“Woof... woof woof... Master, Woof is back!”

Silly dog Little Nine was panting with his tongue out as he rushed into Ye Qingyu’s arms.

“What's the situation?” Ye Qingyu asked, lightly stroking the  the silly dog.

The silly dog rubbed his head against Ye Qingyu’s cheek for a while, before climbing on his shoulder and whispered something to his ear.

Ye Qingyu, after hearing, nodded thoughtfully.

The number of heroes imprisoned by the Demon Race was too many, and they were divided into several prisons, guarded heavily. It would be incredibly difficult to rescue them all at once. In other words, they could not act tonight and needed to wait til tomorrow on the execution ground.

This night was strangely quiet.

The wind whistled through gaps in the window, and occasionally there was the snap of branches being broken from the weight of the snow.

……

……

Early morning of the next day.

After a night of heavy snow, Flowing Light City, for the first time in hundreds of years, was covered in snow.

The city was blanketed with pure white snow, as though Flowing Light City had become a world of snow and ice overnight.

Outside the inn, some of the deserted stalls were concealed in thick snow, and the snow on the road was ankle-deep.

For the people of Flowing Light City, such a beautiful scenery was rarely seen in a century, but obviously they did not have the mood to appreciate such landscapes. Even the pure snowflakes were unable to conceal the corpses and blood that were everywhere across Flowing Light City, and also could not make the surviving people avoid the Demon Spider Race’s ravages, The cold air only made many people feel more and more difficult and distressed.

Early in the morning, they dared not to waste any time, braving the wind and snow they hastily headed in the direction of the ruins of the City Lord’s residence.

The Flowing Light City before being overrun had nearly one million residents. After the outbreak of war, many people had fled, but a number of them had died. Now, the people remaining in the city were probably about 100,000.

With a military order from the Demon Spider Race, all people, including those who were lingering on in the last days of their life, must go to the ruins of the City Lord's residence to view the executions.

Under the tyrannical abuse of the Demon Spider Race, all people were quivering in fear.

When Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui came out of the inn, snow was still fluttering about in the sky.

Looking around, a lot of shivering people were still pushing their way through the restless wind and snow, wrapped in tattered thick robes, and some in worn-out blankets from their house.

Everyone had a look of horror, despair, and numbness on their faces.

The crowd that was hurrying toward the City Lord’s residence did not even have the time to look towards the sides of the snow-covered path, where refugees were frozen into ice sculptures.

The inn was close to the ruins of the City Lord's residence.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui followed the stream of people, coming to the front of the ruins.

The Demon Spider Race was highly efficient. Overnight, the former buildings within thousands of meters of the City Lord's residence were all flattened, and a newly created crude square plaza that can accommodate 100,000 people was built. In the east, south, and west, there were armour-clad and weapon-wielding elite Demon Spider Race troops guarding the area. The tall Demon Spider soldiers, as if they were a black wall, were terrifying and intimidating.

And in the northern side of the public square was a newly built execution stage.

And further away from the execution stage was a higher observation stage.

The atmosphere of the public square, where tens of thousands of people had gathered, was incredibly tense. Crowding together in the snow, everyone's face was pale with horror and fear. They did not even dare to breath loudly for fear of attracting the Demon Spider's attention.

“There are so many civilians trapped in the city.”

Ye Qingyu, looking at the people shuddering in the cold weather but dared not run off, felt a heavy heart.

He and Hu Bugui had slipped into the crowd, and without much effort, squeezed to the front, directly facing the huge execution platform.

He observed his surroundings for a moment, but did not see the innkeeper and other people's figure, and did not know where they had gone.

Time went by.

The atmosphere was getting more and more oppressive.

There were more and more people in the public square, forming a dense dark mass, but it was still deathly quiet, no one spoke, no one moved, everyone was extremely nervous and fearful that the Demon Spider Race’s plot this time was to gather them all in one area to massacre them all.

Another thirty minutes had passed.

The number of people gathered on the square had exceeded 100,000.

Suddenly, a deafening sound of an explosion erupted in the air.

Everyone was shocked.

The orderly footsteps and the noise of sword and armour tapping against each other reverberated in the surroundings, an indescribable blood qi began to diffuse, and the Demon Spider soldiers standing in the square slowly changed formation, gathering from different sides, like a black current, completely surrounded the whole square and circled around everyone.

The crowd immediately broke into cries of confusion and fell into a commotion.

At the same time——

“They’re here.”

The crowd did not know who it was that suddenly gave a soft shout.

But a dangerous and overbearing aura struck like a hurricane.

Ye Qingyu turned to the left.

A team of black armour-clad, sword-wielding Demon Spider soldiers appeared in the distance.

This was obviously a team of extremely elite troops, their armours and weapons were much more rigid than those of the soldiers on the public square. Their steps were orderly and rhythmic, and their majestic pace quaked the earth, causing the people around the ruins to involuntarily tremble, like an armoured combat vehicle that can instantly crush mountains. The footsteps were well-coordinated, threatening and solemn.

In the lead to the left was a burly flag carrier with a height of nearly three meters.

He was holding up a military flag, where the three characters of Demon Spider Racce were as though inscribed with blood ——

Devouring Heaven Camp.

The Demon Spider corps that occupied Flowing Light City was the Devouring Heaven Camp military division.

The flag carrier on the right side was roughly the same built as the one on the left side, holding up a black dragon-like long banner embroidered with a black Demon Spider totem.

At the forefront, three medium-sized tiger demon beasts were clearing the way. They looked like tigers, but possessed a pair of bony wings, were more than three meters tall, and their eyes glowed with a frightening red light. A low roar sounded from their throat as they swept their sight over the onlookers, saliva trickling down their mouths.

On the demon beast-drawn combat vehicle behind, there stood three generals.

In addition to the red demon captain that Ye Qingyu met in the inn, there were two other captain-level demons.

The captain on the left side had a pale complexion, and his dark green eyebrows were intertwined with a few strands of spider silk, emitting a gloomy aura.

The other demon captain was enormous, two times taller than the other two, and had a spider resting on the top of his head. The head of the spider was a few times bigger than its body, and its eyes were suffused with a dazzling green light.

More than two hundred elite fighters surrounded the demon beast combat vehicle, heading to the execution platform.

At the very back of the line of soldiers was a dozen of Human Race traitors. Among them, a few Ye Qingyu had seen yesterday outside the ruins, the arrogant Gongzi Chen and the others. They were all putting on airs, wearing similar black leather armour, swaggering around with a superior look hung on their faces.

Under the gazes of innumerable eyes, the demon beast combat vehicle came to a stop before the execution platform.

As the three demon generals mounted the execution platform, the elite soldiers were lined up around the platform to guard the entire platform.

And the few human scums trotted up to the execution platform and began to arrange torture instruments on the execution platform.

The first assembled torture instrument was a giant guillotine of two meters long and eight meters wide. The guillotine blade was blunt, rusty, and covered with bloodstains. If such a blunt knife was to be used to cut through flesh and bones, most likely that the neck wouldn’t be completely severed, until after dozens of strikes. A giant spider's back was carved on the table beneath the guillotine, and on the dark tabletop were marks of blood that trickled down from above.

A large terrace was placed on the left of the guillotine.

On the terrace, five giant living spiders were crawling in different directions. The spider's bodies were tied with many different coloured ropes twisted from connected strands of spider silk. The five spiders were crawling in five different directions, as if to pull the rope until it snaps.

This should be a torture instrument used to tear off a person's four limbs and head.

And on the right side of guillotine was another piece of torture instrument. It looked like a conical spiral pillar. The pillar, covered with steel barbs, was ten meters tall, one meter in diameter, and the cone top was as fine and sharp as the tip of a needle, while spiraling down to the bottom was a barbed lotus base. It can be imagined how painful it would be if someone were placed at the top and forcibly pulled down. This sort of torture really maked one shudder all over.

More than half of the torture instruments next to the pillar were extremely peculiar. There was a square, dark bronze base sat on a giant copper funnel pot, with many red-hot charcoals in the pot.

On both sides there were several instruments being constructed, and its specific appearance was not clear at the moment.

Even a bandit leader like Hu Bugui, after seeing such torture equipments, felt his hair standing on their ends, goose bumps spreading across his frozen face.

“Their torture instruments, it clearly is to be used for brutal killing. They might as well end them quickly...” Ye Qingyu said quietly.

His eyes were fixed on the torture instruments before him, and the chill in his eyes was superior to the snow swirling in the air.

“Alert!”

A thunderous voice sounded.

The red demon captain on the execution platform suddenly issued a command.

Che!

The soldiers that were guarding the ruins coordinately clasped their blade and stood in a defensive stance.

A sound came from the end of the street.

Originally, all eyes were fixed with a look of fear at the torture instruments, but the crowd, at this moment, turned to the end of the street.

A wooden prisoner cart was pushed through the snow.

The cart was imprisoning the last batch of human resistors of Flowing Light City.

As far as the eye can see, prisoner carts, one after another, were being transported to the ruins, neatly parked in the heavily guarded area.

After a short while.

Arranged in a formation of columns of ten a row of twelve, prisoner carts were pulled to an empty land on the left side of the platform.

In the prisoner carts were all Human Race heroes, shackled, riddled with scars, and had their cultivation sealed.

Seeing these prisoner carts appear, the tens of thousands of people became noticeably restless and agitated.

These resisting heroes, after all, were once influential people of Flowing Light City, and many were positive people loved by the civilians. Seeing them end up like this, at their last gasp from the torture of the Demon Spiders, even insensitive and apathetic people would get emotional.

The gaze of Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui also landed on the prisoner carts at the first moment——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

