Chapter 1325:


Chapter 1338, Beyond the Emperor Boundary

It was much easier to get out of the Vast Thousand Star Domains than to enter from the outer starry sky, since Ye Qingyu was originally part of this star domain. With one thought, he had already transformed out of his Martial Emperor original form and returned to the Guardial Royal City of the Dark Realm.

A long, long period of time have passed.

The ‘cleansing’ of the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm was already completed, and the title of Imperial God Emperor resounded across all domains, rang through every space. Wherever the sun shines to, wherever there are living beings, the legend and prestige of the Imperial God Emperor widely circulated.

And under the illumination of this prestige, no one or force dared to resist the rule of the Imperial God Emperor and the Heaven Wasteland Empire.

The attack of the Sky Emperor had forced the Domain Alliance of the Vast Thousand Domains to disappear from the world. Even if Ye Qingyu had saved the higher ups of the Domain Alliance from the disaster in advance, in the eyes of the public, the supreme divine shrine that had once dominated the world for thousands of years had already been destroyed in their hearts. It wasn’t only the shrine, all of the buildings had also collapsed, as well as the majesty of the Domain Alliance.

The Domain Alliance finally took this opportunity to declare the end of their era.

After all, following the strong rise of the Heaven Wasteland Empire, even if the Alliance continues to exist, it would only remain a vassal, and instead may provoke and anger the Imperial God Emperor. This was no different to asking for death. Thus it was better to tactfully disband and actively integrate into the power system of the Heaven Wasteland Empire, which would allow them to obtain better developments.

The collapse of Domain Alliance proclaimed the demise of the last third-party force in the whole world, and from then on, the Heaven Wasteland Empire and the Imperial Empire were like yin and yang, ruling the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm together.

The old forces, the evil emperor clans and the rebellious nobles in the Dark Realm were all swept away.

The whole world reached unprecedented unity.

Ye Qingyu had created the most incredible feat since the birth of the world of martial arts. It is no exaggeration to say that, whether it is in political achievement or martial arts, he has surpassed the Divine Light Emperor and became the most remarkable one throughout history.

Under his command, the earth civilization science and technology system was also widely promoted within the territory of Heaven Wasteland Empire and Imperial Empire, especially within the military.

For the whole world, a perfect era of peace and calmness had finally been reached. Countless places, countless intelligent races were singing the Imperial God Emperor Ye Qingyu's praise. There were even many places that have built a shrine for him. The whole world has entered a high-speed development stage.

The empire's merchant companies, fleets, and expeditions teams constantly opened up many vast and mysterious lands that intelligent races had never set foot on. New territories were developed, and even some new domains...

The Vast Thousand Star Domains were constantly expanding.

And the prestige of Li Xiaofei, the six Divine Generals, Shui Xiu and the Emperor of Darkness also spread throughout the world. The height of the Imperial Empire's power could be said to have reached an unbelievable degree. It was unknown how many times stronger and more powerful it was than the Divine Light Court.

A golden age had begun to take shape.

However, few people knew that, during the seemingly flourishing era, the empire's and Imperial Empire's military had never rested, and instead continued to strengthen and improve at the greatest rate. The military factories located in the major restricted areas were operating day and night without stopping. Whether it was the martial arts equipment, or the weapons of earth science and technology, as well as the various inventions and innovations from the combination of science and technology and formation martial arts technique were being produced non-stop. These important weapon factories were all overseen by top experts of the Imperial Empire.

And under the proposal of [The Beginning], both worlds started their compulsory military service system. All children, regardless of race, regardless of domain, as long as they reached a certain age, must join the army, receive training, and understand the military order and military ranks, but also learn to control the new formation technology weapons for combat.

And whether it was the army of the Heaven Wasteland Empire, or the ten great armies and new army of the Imperial Empire, all had never stopped expanding and growing stronger. Almost eighty percent of the Heaven Wasteland and Imperial Empire’s income went into the construction of the military.

At the same time, the Heaven Wasteland and Imperial Empire continued to dispatch troops west of the great wall defense line of the Dark Realm. For tens of years, almost every formed army was sent to the Invader battlefield.

And it was through this training that the army's combat power was maintained at a very high level.

It was also because of this step that the intelligent beings could push the control area from under the great wall to more than one hundred thousand kilometers west. One time they almost broke through into the Chaos District, and almost wiped out all Invaders in several major battles.

It could be said that even in the most peaceful times, the empire did not stop expanding its military.

If there had not been a dramatic improvement in the status of civilians and the treatment of life, as well as an improvement to the lives of all races, then this policy could be described as ‘exhausting all resources to build up one's military power’.

This tough militarized policy also made some intelligent people feel a hint of puzzlement and uneasiness.

“Whether it is the cultivation base of the Imperial God Emperor, or the military strength of top Emperor experts of the Imperial Empire, both are enough to sweep away the world hundreds of times and take control of everything. Why would they promote the military in such a way?”

“Could it be that His Majesty God Emperor is about to go on expedition?”

“Expedition? Where? The entire great wide world is already under the rule of the Imperial Empire?”

“Could it be in preparation for enemies?”

“Funny, are there enemies that can battle against the Imperial God Emperor?”

Countless people argued endlessly.

Someone raised the question, “What if the enemy of His Majesty is not in this world?”

Everybody was taken aback by this question.

……

The Ancient Sky Dragon Star.

Ye Qingyu closed up the Immortal Dojo for practice.

This was already the twentieth year since he secluded himself to cultivate.

The him now did not need to rely on practice to improve his strength. Instead, he had to absorb foreign forces, skills, techniques and rare treasures. Even the most remarkable Emperor technique had limited effect on Ye Qingyu's strength. The [Blood Drinker Sword] was gradually unable to bear Ye Qingyu's Emperor strength. The Emperor life weapon that Ye Qingyu had created, although should have grown with his strength, in the end was unable to progress past the Emperor realm. While the ascension of Ye Qingyu's strength was close to surpassing the Emperor realm.

Day after day, Ye Qingyu felt that he was step by step integrating with the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

That day in the starry sky, the scene of the thousands of stars floating was engraved in Ye Qingyu’s mind all along. These years, he had been visualizing the movements and operation of the stars. From the chaotic state in the beginning to the present day where it gradually grew clearer, Ye Qingyu felt that he was getting stronger and stronger.

As for how strong?

He wasn't sure himself.

Because in this world, there was already no one who could defeat him.

Even someone as strong as the Great Emperor Xiaofei, who was regarded as second only to Ye Qingyu in the Vast Thousand Star Domains and who had surpassed ordinary Emperor experts, was still no match for Ye Qingyu.

And the four great Space-Time Fienggod Sovereigns imprisoned in the [Cloud Top Cauldron] had also been defeated by Ye Qingyu time and time again. Even if the four Fiendgod Sovereigns had restored their strength to its peak state in the best area within the [Cloud Top Cauldron’’s] furnace space and had joined hands, they still were no match for Ye Qingyu.

The Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others looked at Ye Qingyu's eyes in a way like looking at a monster.

“You're strong, but you're still no match for the Abandoned Fiendgod and the others, because you haven't reached that step yet...” the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster hissed.

He was already in despair.

Because these days, he began to feel his strength weakening. This was not due to the loss of power, nor resulted from the defeat against Ye Qingyu, but because of a problem with his origin source. There was only one reason for the cause of this problem, and that was, there were problems with the star domain that accepted his guardian status. It was beginning to die.

For the Fiendgod Sovereign who had inherited the destiny and obtained the recognition of a star domain, their fate has been combined with the life of the star domain. Previously, the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and others had been suppressed by the Sky Emperor for thousands of years, but could not be killed completely. This was because the Sky Emperor could not go to the life star domain of these Fiendgod Sovereign to destroy it, and as long as their life star domain remains they were immortal.

“That step? I've seen the way, and will be there soon.”

Ye Qingyu isolated the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and fought against him to observe the state of his body.

He was also aware of the changes in the state of the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster.

Another ten years passed, the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster died from blood and qi exhaustion.

Ye Qingyu witnessed the whole process.

The death process of the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster was of great value for Ye Qingyu, because he finally understood that final step from this deterioration.

That step was an earth-shaking change.

Ye Qingyu came out of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and came to the divine shrine.

There was no flashes of lightning, no clouds, no bizarre spectacles, no earth-shaking state... It was like blossoming flowers, like a drop of water, a breeze of wind scattering the clouds, like the melting snow and ice, like the rising sun, everything was incredibly natural. Ye Qingyu opened his eyes.

Then, the Emperor qi around him, like a bubble, disappeared without a trace.

Returned to the original nature.

Finally, he took that step and surpassed the Emperor realm.

The disappearance of Emperor qi did not mean the disappearance of power, but the opposite. At this time, Ye Qingyu, couldn’t be described with the word powerful anymore, but as a Sovereign-level existence. In the Vast Thousand Star Domains, he could dominate everything. Even if there are hundreds and thousands of Emperors, Ye Qingyu could make them disappear like a puff of smoke.

Sovereign had the meaning of controlling everything.

“In terms of realm level, I am the same level as the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others. I have reached the Sovereign realm, integrated with the Vast Thousand Star Domains and obtained the recognition of theVast Thousand Star Domain... But in terms of combat power, I should be much stronger than them.”

Ye Qingyu was full of confidence.

He walked out of the great hall.

The Immortal Dojo was now very large, with disciples in their millions.

“What's the matter? There’s such a change?” Ye Qingyu swept his eyes across the Immortal Dojo and discovered something strange.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1326:


Chapter 1339, Reborn

The current Immortal Dojo had students all over the world.

The Immortal Dojo did not require disciples to practice in the martial arts hall forever, nor did it require disciples to keep the martial arts learned from the Immortal Dojo a secret or from being passed on. Even the Emperor techniques learned from the one hundred and eight divine statues on the Immortal Dojo can also be passed on.

Many of the experts who had comprehended the true meaning of martial arts in the Immortal Dojo, after leaving the Immortal Dojo, will open a school or establish a sect, or set up a martial arts hall, which in some other places may seem tantamount to betraying the practice of the sect. However, the Immortal Dojo will not look into it and instead encourages it. Those who bring the martial arts of the Immortal Dojo to great heights will be rewarded.

More than one hundred years of time had passed, the Immortal Dojo can be said to have become a sect with consciousness——to be precise, it is the peak that a martial arts school can reach.

How prestigious Imperial God Emperor Ye Qingyu is was how stable the Immortal Dojo is.

Today, the number of disciples practicing in the Immortal Dojo had already exceeded millions, and the disciples from the Immortal Dojo were over hundreds of millions. During the last one hundred years, the impact of the Immortal Dojo on the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm can be said to be meticulous and detailed, like air entering into everyone's blood, and had reached an extreme peak state.

Even for many martial arts sects, families, clans and forces, the Immortal Dojo had become a belief.

And the first batch of martial arts experts to join the Immortal Dojo, almost all have become influential figures in the Vast Thousand Star Domains, with only two exceptions.

The first was a youngster of the Brute Race, who found every step extremely difficult due to his poor aptitude, and only his perseverance was unparalleled. Although he was directly accepted as a disciple by Ye Qingyu back then, these years, Ye Qingyu did not pay too much attention to him, and instead let him practice by himself. To this day, he had still not reached the Saint realm, but his life yuan was stable, and he was still bitterly training in the Immortal Dojo. Ye Qingyu has had many face-to-face talks with the youngster, but did not give direct pointers or improve his cultivation base.

The second was an old man who had limitless life yuan. Although he had successfully passed the assessment of the stone bridge, his foundation wasn’t too good, and coupled with his deteriorating body and poor blood and qi, although he had taken advantage of every second to train, in the end it was a race against the god of death. There were several times that he finally broke through to the next boundary and won a new life during the last day before the exhaustion of his life yuan; however, in the end, he was unable to break into the Heaven Ascension realm. When he saw a ray of light, his life yuan was finally exhausted.

After the old man's death, Ye Qingyu personally buried him within the grounds of the martial arts hall.

Today, it had been ten years since the old man's death.

The old man's grave was already surrounded with plants and grass.

It seems that this tomb was no different to the tombs of disciples who died for various other reasons, but just a moment ago, Ye Qingyu suddenly sensed a wisp of life force trying to burst out from the tomb. And this life force was not from the grass and plants around the grave, but from the coffin in the grave.

To be precise, it came from the bones in the coffin.

Ye Qingyu, standing on the stone steps of the great hall, could see through everything with one glance. He saw the scene inside the coffin. The skeleton was undergoing a strange change, throbbing, and silk-like flesh were beginning to wrap around the bones...

Rise from the dead?

Ye Qingyu was astounded.

Back then, when the old man's life yuan was exhausted and died, Ye Qingyu already sensed a strange aura within the old man's body that wouldn't disperse. Therefore, after burying him, he had been observing all along, because he vaguely felt that the old man might have learnt a strange cultivation technique.

However, the old man had been buried for ten years without any changes. Ye Qingyu also gradually grew less concerned. Unexpectedly, after Ye Qingyu's breakthrough, he immediately detected the changes in the coffin as he came out of the shrine.

It was an unbelievable process of rising from the dead.

Bones that had been buried for over ten years were coming back to life.

Others may not know, but Ye Qingyu can clearly see the whole process, the blood gradually growing brighter, and the white bones being covered by silks of flesh and blood... The whole process was as though the decaying of flesh and bones after death was being reversed at a very slow speed.

The old man was being born again.

There was a smile tugging at the corner of Ye Qingyu's lips.

Interesting.

Back then, as the Great Dragon Turtle Demon was facing death, his origin source was also exhausted and dissipated, but because of a coincidental incident, he came back to life under the effect of some mysterious force, and then soared to the sky, and became one of the top martial arts experts. But at that time, Ye Qingyu's cultivation base was not strong enough to see through the mystery in this and could only treat it as an unresolved question.

What happened to the old man today was obviously more mysterious than the Great Dragon Turtle Demon, but Ye Qingyu could clearly observe everything.

Rebirth was something in defiance of nature in any era.

Even if Ye Qingyu had now achieved Sovereign realm, and as long as the Vast Thousand Star Domains was undestroyed, he would forever be immortal, but if he were to die, it would still be impossible for him to be reborn. But an old man who had died ten years ago was able to achieve this.

Ye Qingyu marveled, quietly observing the whole process on one side.

Given his current vision and martial arts cultivation base, he could understand the meaning and mystery of the process by just observing.

Time flew by.

Three days later, in the Immortal Dojo, finally some people noticed the changes within the old man's grave.

Because a gush of vast life force was surging out from the grave. Many people were able to feel this strange change.

Ye Qingyu ordered someone to temporarily block off the tomb, obstructing people from disturbing the resurrection of the old man. At the same time, he told Jin Ling'er, Bai Yuanxing and other core elite disciples in the Immortal Dojo to cover over while he activated a divine technique, so that these disciples can also observe everything happening in the tomb.

This was an opportunity that the more people see the better.

Everyone has their own fate and opportunity, and everyone's fate was worthy of others to learn from. Even the high and mighty deities had places where they can learn from the mortals. The same is true for martial artists. For example, the old man can be reborn, but someone as strong as Ye Qingyu was unable to. And even if one were to watch the entire process, it is still impossible to completely understand the meaning and mystery, but there would absolutely be harvest. This harvest will be a once-in-a-lifetime, similar to reading an exceptional Emperor scripture.

Time flew by.

A month later, the old man's body in the coffin had been fully restored.

In another month, he opened his eyes and regained consciousness.

And in another month, he seemed to have regained his memory and cultivation base.

Boom!

The grave exploded.

The old man broke out.

He looked around in shock, staring at the familiar Immortal Dojo, as though awakened from sleep, but ten years of time had passed already. This time, his life yuan would no longer fade at any time, but instead there was a surging life force within his body, full of infinite possibilities.

“It's... I am reborn into a second life,” he exclaimed in disbelief.

And those who found it even more unbelievable was Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er and the others.

Having obtained the blood of the Heavenly Saint Body, Bai Yuanxing’s battle strength was close to that of a present age Martial Emperor, though he had yet to try to attack the Emperor realm. Jin Linger on the other hand had obtained the blood of the Indestructible Divine Body, and also reached the peak of the ninth level of the Quasi-emperor realm. These two people can be said to be one of the top experts in the martial arts world, but even so, they still couldn’t fully understand what they saw. They simply intuitively captured some unfathomable information.

As for the other disciples, they understood even less, but still absolutely made some harvest.

While Ye Qingyu had a thorough understanding to the secret of rebirth.

He laughed, and then ordered someone to bring the old disciple over and directly took him in as a disciple.

“Disciple Yue Renfeng pays respect to teacher.” The old man called Yue Renfeng was trembling all over with excitement knowing that he had become a handpicked disciple of the Imperial God Emperor.

However, same with his treatment to the Brute Race youngster, Ye Qingyu did not teach Yue Renfeng any Dao scriptures and Emperor techniques, nor gave pointers to his martial arts training, but instead encouraged Yue Renfeng to continue his martial arts cultivation in accordance with his previous methods.

After that, Ye Qingyu snapped off a branch from the World Tree in the dantian world and directly planted it in the dried up dragon vein in the Ancient Sky Dragon Star.

How difficult is it to plant a World Tree?

Back then Nameless Emperor, Ocean Sand Emperor and others had also attempted to raise a World Tree with flesh and blood and managed to grow a seedling. It was impossible to plant a new World Tree.

However, Ye Qingyu did so.

The branch of the World Tree was planted in the soil, surrounded by formations.

A year later, this branch of the World Tree had successfully grown roots in the Ancient Sky Dragon Star.

Ten years later, the little tree had grown up.

Then, the already withered Ancient Sky Dragon Star that was doomed to be destroyed underwent an unbelievable and wonderful change. Buds and leaves began to grow on the branch, the dried up river began to moisten, and then rain fell... everything began to recover.

Twenty years later, the Ancient Sky Dragon Star came back to life.

This star that had exhausted its life yuan and was doomed to shatter was unexpectedly restored completely, as if it obtained a new life source. Its domain life force cannot be compared to a large domain star like the Heaven Wasteland Domain, but compared with other historical and ancient domain stars, it was in no way inferior.

“The secret to rebirth, I've figured it out.”

Ye Qingyu was very satisfied with the experiment.

This means that, from then on, whether which star in the Vast Thousand Star Domains were to suffer a crisis, he can use this method to reverse the situation, as long as the stars in the Vast Thousand Star Domains had not fallen or been destroyed. This means that the Vast Thousand Star Domains will exist forever. And this also means that, Ye Qingyu, whose life had integrated with the fate of this star domain, was also close to achieving eternal life and life force.

“Now, I can go to the extreme land of death to completely resurrect Liu Shaji.”

Ye Qingyu now had absolute confidence.

At the same time, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden can also obtain a new life.

The regrets of the past will be made up.

Ye Qingyu left the Ancient Sky Dragon Star and found the Ferryman of the Netherworld in a semi-hidden state.

However, before Ye Qingyu could ask the Ferryman of the Netherworld to take him to the extreme land of death to revive Liu Shaji, a message came all of a sudden. An unexpected disaster, came to the world without warning. It was not an attack from intruders, but something more terrifying.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1327:


Chapter 1340, The Ancient Ghostly Emperor

The Water Moon Domain——also called the Water Moon Star had collapsed.

The news came and shook the entire Heaven Wasteland Empire.

When Ye Qingyu was ready to head to the land of extreme death with the Ferryman of the Netherworld, he received an emergency message from the military division of the Heaven Wasteland Empire and the Imperial Empire at the same time. Ye Qingyu immediately had a change of expression when he saw this.

As one of the super domains in the Vast Thousand Domains, the Water Moon Domain, whether it is in territory, population, or the average level of martial arts, it was enough to be ranked in the top ten of the Vast Thousand Domains. Its foundation was deep and profound, and even after being taken over by the Heaven Wasteland Empire, the military forces remained disciplined and orderly. Approximately half of the military forces of the Whip of Thunder Deity Corps, one of the ten major military corps of Heaven Wasteland Empire were stationed in this domain.

However, disaster broke out overnight.

Countless skeletons, under the beckoning of a mysterious and evil force, were suddenly resurrected, climbed out of the grave, and began to attack all living creatures in a frenzied manner. The situation had developed into an unmanageable one from the beginning. Many cities and towns in the Water Moon Domain were instantly turned into a land of death, a paradise for the dead. The living beings that were killed also turned into spirits, wreaking havoc on the Water Moon Domain.

By the time the administrative officials of Heaven Wasteland Empire stationed in the Water Moon Domain found that the situation wasn't right, everything was already irreversible. The army of spirits had already swept in. The most elite troops of the [Whip of the Thunder Deity] could only withstand for less than half a day, and brought some important people and resources out of the Water Moon Domain, before the corps collapsed.

The entire Water Moon Domain was completely lost.

And the deputy leader of the Whip of Thunder Deity Corps, He Zizhong, who was a top Quasi-emperor expert and only one step away from the Emperor realm, in the end did not hesitate to self-detonate, directly blew up the domain gate and stone walls of the Water Moon Domain and destroyed the channel that linked the Water Moon Domain to the outside world. This was considered as temporarily isolating the army of spirits in the Water Moon Domain and stopping them from spreading to other domains.

When the news came out, the Heaven Wasteland Empire and the Imperial God Emperor court were both extremely shocked.

In view of the urgency and seriousness of the situation, Divine General Gong of the Six Divine General , Gao Diping, together with the spirit monkey battle companion Sun Wukong, attempted to investigate the situation in the Water Moon Domain through the secret channel controlled by the Empire. But less than half a day later, both were seriously injured and returned.

All of a sudden, the decision-making higher ups of the two empires immediately realized that things were much more serious than they had imagined at first, and had to report to Ye Qingyu at once.

After receiving the news, Ye Qingyu had to temporarily suspend the trip to the land of extreme death.

“The army of spirits... it’s strange that it broke out in the Water Moon Domain, since it belongs to a branch of the Invader system to some extent, and has been blocked by the western defense line of the great wall and has never appeared in the Vast Thousand Domains before. Could it be that there is a large space-time passage in the Water Moon Domain that allows the entry of the forces of the Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns?”

On his way to the Water Moon Domain, Ye Qingyu pondered over these questions.

After Gao Diping and Sun Wukong had completely removed the reincarnation seal on them, their strength was restored and was no less inferior to present age Martial Emperors. The two people went into the Water Moon Domain together, but still couldn't escape unscathed and instead were seriously wounded.

This was something that only the Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns could achieve.

Having considered the special nature of the spirits, the Ferryman of the Netherworld also followed Ye Qingyu to observe the situation.

After an hour of receiving the news, Ye Qingyu returned to the Snow capital of Heaven Wasteland Domain and saw the injured Gao Diping and Sun Wukong.

“It's indeed the power of the spirits, really terrifying.” The Ferryman of the Netherworld observed for a while before he came to a conclusion, and said in a slightly surprised voice, “No, this power, since ancient times, only one person can possess such terrifying and evil underworld power. Your Majesty can also tell right.”

Ye Qingyu nodded, “The Sky Emperor.”

“Yes, only someone like the Sky Emperor who possessed the body of the underworld can grasp the power of death to this extent. However, the Sky Emperor has already perished in the hands of Your Majesty. Logically speaking, there shouldn't be such power in this world anymore,” the Ferryman of the Netherworld explained.

Ye Qingyu seemed to have thought of something upon hearing this, “No, there is an existence, who has this power, and is above the Sky Emperor.”

“Who?” The Ferryman of the Netherworld gasped.

Ye Qingyu said each word loud and clear. “The Ancient Ghostly Emperor.”

……

……

Yes, it is the Ancient Ghostly Emperor.

From the memory of Lan Tian, Ye Qingyu had seen the rebellion of the Sky Emperor, the Ancient Ghostly Emperor being killed, how he obtained the complete underworld scripture, and became the ruler of the underworld. At first, Ye Qingyu believed in this memory, because this was the memory of Lan Tian. There can’t be a mistake, but later, following the resurrection of the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others, he realized that there was a good chance that something had gone wrong in the middle.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor was the King of the Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns, more powerful than the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster, the Dark Purple Sovereign and the others. Since even the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others were immortal because of the existence of their life star domain and cannot be destroyed, how would a higher-level existence like the Ancient Ghostly Emperor be destroyed by the impulsive Sky Emperor who had only learned little of the Underworld scriptures at that time?

What's more, the underworld scriptures were passed onto the Sky Emperor by the Ancient Ghostly Emperor.

After that, Ye Qingyu had many times searched for and calculated the location of the tomb of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, hoping to find out the truth. But strangely, he was unable to find anything.

Mysteriously, there was a force that obstructed Ye Qingyu from finding out anything about the Ancient Ghostly Emperor.

Unexpectedly, the ancient underworld tomb was actually in the Water Moon Domain.

Nobody expected the Ancient Ghostly Emperor to reappear in such a way.

Ye Qingyu came directly to the Water Moon Star.

In just two or three days of time, this domain star had already become the paradise for spirits. All living beings were completely dead, and an evil corrosive deathly force enveloped the entire star. Even the grass and trees began to mutate and lost their vitality, and even the domain star was slowly aging. It was as if everything on the star domain was being swallowed up by some mysterious force. The sight was a bit like the Ancient Sky Dragon Star back then.

Countless living creatures were hovering over this star body.

The martial arts experts that were swallowed by the power of the spirits were turned into skeleton zombies, yet still maintained their battle strength of the past, which was incredibly terrifying. Although dead, their bodies and strength were still secretly controlled by someone, and had become puppets.

Ye Qingyu walked around the Water Moon Domain.

It was his first visit to this star domain.

As he walked along, all the zombie skeletons behind him were turned into ashes and vanished, while the withered trees gradually restored vitality. No matter how strong the zombie skeletons were, in front of Ye Qingyu, they were unable to withstand a single blow nor could they get within one thousand meters of his body.

Ye Qingyu nearly exterminated all the zombies on the Water Moon Star along the way.

The great army of spirits that even present age Martial Emperors would find tricky to deal with, in the face of Ye Qingyu, was like dead objects, and inferior to ants.

Finally, he came to a lofty mountain peak.

This mountain was originally lush green like the ocean, covered with primitive forests, and was the largest sea of primitive forest in the Water Moon Domain. But now, all the trees have turned to stones, all the vitality had been plundered, and one of the most terrifying forces of death shrouded this area. Evil blue aura visible to the naked eye had surrounded all the mountains.

“It's indeed here. “

Ye Qingyu ran his eyes across. He could tell that here was the hidden tomb in Lan Tian's memory.

“You're here,” an old voice sounded from among the mountains.

Ye Qingyu step by step came to the depths of the mountains. “Ancient Ghostly Emperor, you indeed have not fallen, and have been hiding in the dark all alone.”

“Yes, you found me a little late. You think only you alone can live to this day?” The old voice sounded again, stirring the power of the underworld, like a Fiendgod that dominated everything.

“It's not too late, it's still not too late to suppress you.” A golden character emerged above Ye Qingyu's head, and sword intent flowed all around. The whole mountain range was covered in seal formations, and with one thought, the Water Moon Star was quaking under his power.

“Hahaha, the door of fate has been opened again. Otherwise, do you think I'll show up and let you find me?” The roaring voice of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor came from the depths of the mountains. The tomb that the Sky Emperor built for the Ancient Ghostly Emperor back then was in the depths of that cave.

“Is it? No matter what the door is, if I don't want it to open, it won't open.” Ye Qingyu smiled. He indeed had such qualifications and strength. “If you open it, I’ll close it.”

“Nonsense, it is no longer the era of the Divine Light Court. You took that step, but also exposed this star domain to the universe. The birth of every guardian signifies that the star it guards will be found...” The loud laughter of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor resounded like the waves of death. “This time, the protective power of the universe had diminished, and the true King of Sovereigns had come. You won't have the chance you had thousands of years ago again.”

He knew the Vast Thousand Star Domains like the back of his hand.

He also noticed the changes in Ye Qingyu's cultivation base right away. It was clear that he wasn’t sleeping all this time and knew nothing about the outside world.

“I didn’t have a chance to say it, but you definitely won't have the opportunity you had a million years ago.” Ye Qingyu smiled, took a step forward, and terrifying power burst forth, directly shattering the mountain range below into fine powder. The stone cave and tomb were destroyed instantaneously.

A faint blue glow flashed, appearing in the sky.

Who else would it be beside the Ancient Ghostly Emperor?

He indeed had been alive all this time. It may have seemed that he was killed by the Sky Emperor back then, but that was all only a scheme. He had been sleeping till today, sitting on the mountain to watch the tigers fight. At this moment, it was only because he had absolute confidence that he appeared all of a sudden and sacrificed the entire Water Moon Domain to restore some strength.

“Hahaha, Ye Qingyu, you’re too careless, too arrogant... it did not require much effort to lure you here. Today, I will behead you, devour the world's destiny, and when the other King of Sovereigns come, everything will belong to me, haha.” The Ancient Ghostly Emperor laughed, seemingly incredibly confident in dealing with Ye Qingyu.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1328:


Chapter 1341, Strange changes

This didn't seem normal.

Although the Ancient Ghostly Emperor was the King of the Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns, but after all he had been lost in the Vast Thousand Star Domains for too long. Not to mention that he was severely wounded during the first battle against the Divine Light Emperor, and was suppressed by the Sky Emperor in the ancient tomb for so many years after that. Although he had absorbed all of the life force of the Water Moon Domain, there was still quite a distance till he restores to his peak state.

And Ye Qingyu had already entered the Sovereign realm.

In the face of Ye Qingyu, the Ancient Ghostly Emperor should not have absolute certainty in winning.

But his tone of voice was so arrogant, and his expression was not forced, suggesting that he really was confident in this battle.

Why would he have such certainty?

Ye Qingyu's mind flashed countless thoughts, before he said indifferently, “So, you devoured the entire Water Moon Domain not to obtain the life force to restore your strength, but to lead me here?”

“You only understood now, it’s too late.” The Ancient Ghostly Emperor laughed, “The long days of suffering is just for today. What belongs to me, even if countless centuries have past, will finally return to my hands.”

“I don't quite understand where your self-confidence comes from. Given your current state, you cannot even withstand the strength of my one finger.”

“Hahaha, you'll soon understand.” The Ancient Ghostly Emperor laughed, underworld power rippling around his body. A force similar to blood vessels spread out slowly, that even the domain power couldn’t withstand against. In an instant, it had already penetrated out of the Water Moon Domain toward the universe space and other domains of the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

Ye Qingyu did not obstruct right away.

Because he could sense that this power was not the viral power of the spirits that were causing havoc, but a force similar to the summoning of something or being. The question was that what would the Ancient Ghostly Emperor be summoning in the Vast Thousand Star Domains? What kind of existence in the Vast Thousand Star Domains could pose a threat to Ye Qingyu?

Ye Qingyu wanted to know.

And the answer was soon going to be clearly presented.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor summoned a ball of bizarre blue light from an unknown place of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, and in the split second of seeing this strange ball of blue light, Ye Qingyu also immediately saw through its origin.

Sky Emperor!

No, to be precise, it was the underworld force that should have dissipated in the universe space after the fall of the Sky Emperor, but the wisps of power were summoned by the Ancient Ghostly Emperor from various unknown places of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, and then finally gathered into a cluster of strange blue light, which contained the most terrifying underworld power beyond Ye Qingyu’s expectation.

“Hahaha, the Sky Emperor is just one of my selected puppets. He really thought he had leapt out of my control and rebelled successfully?” The Ancient Ghostly Emperor laughed, looking at the slightly surprised Ye Qingyu, with a condescending manner like he occupied an absolute advantage. “I have to thank the Sky Emperor for creating the most perfect spiritual place for me, and then with his physical body and spirit accumulated underworld power that is in line with the laws of this world. Hahahahaha, thousands of years have passed, he had done everything for me, and you killed him in the end. Although he has died, the underworld power that he had gathered from his cultivation is still between the heaven and the earth, perfect for my use.”

As he was speaking, the ball of blue light entered the shadow of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor.

His power began to soar at a frantic speed.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head slightly.

He understood.

An existence like the Ancient Ghostly Emperor was indeed intelligent and crafty. The Sky Emperor thought he had control of everything, but in the end was schemed against by the Ancient Ghostly Emperor. Thousands of years ago, in the battle of the underworld ancient tomb, was the second death of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, which was also a fake death. He had completely deceived the self-confident Sky Emperor, and the so-called complete Underworld Scripture he found on the Ancient Ghostly Emperor's body was most likely deliberately placed by him to encourage the Sky Emperor to cultivate this cultivation technique. The Sky Emperor had painstakingly practiced the Underworld Scripture for thousands of years, thinking that he had taken a new road, but in truth it was nothing more than creating a wedding dress for someone else.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor at this time activated a secret technique to, as much as possible, absorb the underworld power that the Sky Emperor had accumulated in the world. His aura began to grow wildly, and in the blink of an eye, was restored to the peak strength of his past state, and perhaps even surpassed that.

“Now, do you have anything to say to stay in this world?” He stared at Ye Qingyu, a fierce and malicious glint in his eyes, as if looking at a rare treasure of the world.

The destiny of the Vast Thousand Star Domains was gathered on the body of Ye Qingyu, and in the eyes of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, Ye Qingyu was the most nourishing tonic in the world. As long as Ye Qingyu was killed and swallowed, then he could obtain his destiny and then integrate with the destiny of the Vast Thousand Star Domains and the Underworld Star Domain to break through into the King of Sovereign realm.

At that time, he could truly move unhindered across the universe.

“What I need to say is--” Ye Qingyu grinned, “You think too much.”

As he was speaking, the Life Sword sword intent that filled the sky began to flow, golden character formations gathered onto the [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike], directly aiming towards the Ancient Ghostly Emperor. The sky and space directly separated under Ye Qingyu's sword. The entire Water Moon Domain seemed as if it was about to split into two like a painting by the sword strike.

“Haha, destroy!”

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor was blazing all over with the fire of the underworld. He spewed out a beam of blue light that collided with the [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike].

Bang!

A gentle sound.

The [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike] was blasted away.

The spectacle in the space instantly disappeared, indescribable majestic power, like a hurricane, radiated in all directions, and the mountains and valleys within thousands of kilometers were instantaneously turned to dust and ashes, whipping up into the air.

“Now, do you believe it?” The Ancient Ghostly Emperor looked at Ye Qingyu with a smile.

In his eyes, Ye Qingyu was the Divine Light Emperor, the person who obstructed him thousands of years ago, the culprit who had severely wounded him. But so what? The prey is always the prey. No matter how strong a prey is, their final fate will still be slaughtered and cooked by the hunters. Everything today was something he had planned thousands of years ago. It was not only to deceive the Divine Light Emperor but also to deceive the Abandoned Fiendgod, the King of Destruction and his other competitors.

Now, he can harvest ahead of time.

By the time competitors such as the Abandoned Fiendgod descend onto the world again, everything would have already belonged to the Ancient Ghostly Emperor.

“Now, Divine Light Emperor, I'll let you taste what is true despair.” The Ancient Ghostly Emperor laughed, exhaled, and sent a bolt of underworld blue lightning speeding towards Ye Qingyu. “

Ye Qingyu knitted his brows.

He was indeed worthy of being called a King of Sovereigns existence. His use of qi had already reached an unbelievable degree. As he opened his mouth and exhaled, he could effortlessly blast away his [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike].

“Here comes the sword!”

Ye Qingyu made a backhand grabbing motion, the [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike] rapidly shrank to normal size, glowing with a golden brilliance, as if constructed from immortal gold, and directly slashed through the air.

Boom!

The sword brilliance and the blue lightning collided, splitting the sky into two.

In the blink of an eye, it was unknown how many times the two supreme experts had exchanged moves.

If it were not for the protective force of the universe, it was unknown how many times the entire Water Moon Domain would have been destroyed.

Ye Qingyu was calculating while fighting.

He had a clear understanding of the maximum power the universe protective force could tolerate.

At the same time, he carefully observed the Ancient Ghostly Emperor’s way of fighting. After all, he had stepped into the realm of the King of Sovereigns and there were many places he could learn from, including the use of power, great Dao and law. Although he was the 108th reincarnation of the Divine Light Emperor, he had not integrated with his physical body and shell, and thus in essence, was not the same person as the Divine Light Emperor. Thus this was his first time in a battle against a King of Sovereign existence.

The battle lasted a whole day.

Ye Qingyu gradually figured out something.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor was indeed more terrifying than the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster, Dark Purple Sovereign and the others. His use of the power of the universe and the great Dao had already reached an unbelievable degree. If Ye Qingyu was not situated in the Vast Thousand Star Domains, which was his life star domain and thus had strengthening power, and were in other places, then he most likely would have already been defeated.

Moreover, what the Ancient Ghostly Emperor said was right. He had obtained the underworld power that belongs to this world, which the Sky Emperor had accumulated for thousands of years. His battle strength grew stronger and stronger, and gradually was no longer suppressed by the Vast Thousand Star Domains. This battle was not inferior in any respect to the battle against the Divine Light Emperor back then.

Ye Qingyu was pondering about how to destroy a King of Sovereign existence.

Even if he were to summon out the [Cloud Top Cauldron], there was still no absolute certainty in winning.

If he were unable to kill an opponent like him, then there would be endless sufferings in the future.

However, just before Ye Qingyu had made a final decision, all of a sudden, the Ancient Ghostly Emperor ceased the attack, his expression turned extremely strange, and quickly retreated, opening up the distance between Ye Qingyu, before he came to stop.

Ye Qingyu knitted his brows, adapting to the situation.

At this time, the aura of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor suddenly became unstable.

It fluctuated rapidly, as if something had suddenly broke out in his body.

“Do you really think that you've calculated everything?” A voice that did not belong to the Ancient Ghostly Emperor bizarrely sounded from within his body.

And Ye Qingyu was in extreme shock.

Because he could tell that this voice belonged to the Sky Emperor, belonged to the perished Sky Emperor.

“You...” the Ancient Ghostly Emperor exclaimed in disbelief, “You are... aren't you dead? How can you do this, in the Underworld Scripture I gave you there absolutely isn’t such a technique, you actually...”

To his shock, the Sky Emperor, even without a teacher, had pushed the ancient Underworld Scripture to an extreme degree, transformed life and death, and thereby deceived him. Through the use of the pure underworld power he had entered into his body, at this time, the Sky Emperor's will was competing for control of the body.

He had been fighting geese all year round, but in the end was blinded by a big goose.

He had failed miserably.

The shock and fury in the heart of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor were simply indescribable.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

