Chapter 549:


Chapter 568, Lotus Flower sword attack (1)

White Lotus Sword Sect!

A descendant of the White Lotus Sword Sect?

This sentence, like an earth shaking clap of thunder, or a boulder plunging into a pond, had made near ten thousand experts on the large and small floating peaks become like a nest of noisy and shocked birds. They were unable to hold back from crying out in shock. There were all kinds of discussions breaking out in an instant.

“Heavens, what did I hear, did I hear it wrong?”

“What? He... is the successor of the White Lotus Sword Sect?”

“But... impossible, wasn’t the White Lotus Sword Sect destroyed by Greater One Sect hundreds of years ago? It is said that day was a bloodbath, the tens of thousands of people of White Lotus Sword Sect were all killed. No one survived.”

“Yes, wasn’t the whole sect wiped out? How could there be a descendant? The way that Greater One Sect handles matters like these has always been to destroy the roots and branches, they absolutely would not leave behind future trouble.”

“I'm afraid this matter is true, no wonder the White Lotus Immortal sword underwent such strange changes in his hand!”

“This young man is stupid. He had survived after undergoing such difficulty, he should have concealed his identity and lived another life. That way he could continue the White Lotus Sword Sect, but he chose to show himself in such a high-profile manner and challenged the Greater One Sect, this... Is this not walking right into a trap?”

“Yes, how will the Greater One Sect leave him alive...”

Some people felt sorry for Liu Shaji, while others thought he was too impulsive and reckless to do this, and this was simply suicide.

The matter had come to this. Even the leader of the other great forces were struggling to keep calm.

When Nangong Jue previously saw the reaction of the White Lotus Immortal sword, he already had his suspicions. After all, he had seen the glory of the White Lotus Sword Sect before. But now that Liu Shaji had admitted his identity, he could not help but be a little surprised. The few elders and spiritual master behind him also took on a look of astonishment.

The faces of the Sky Demon Palace master, the master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect and the master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, also had shock flitting across. Presumably they also had an early suspicion.

A descendant of a sect, which had vanished for hundreds of years, had suddenly showed up; this was like a legend, The atmosphere of the Storm Sword Duel gathering was undoubtedly brought to its climax.

On a small floating peak.

Ye Qingyu looked at Liu Shaji who had just exposed his identity on the Storm Platform, a look of surprise mingled with consternation sprang into his eyes.

No wonder.

No wonder that the White Lotus Immortal sword could not unleash all its power in the hands of Chen Shaohua, and even if Chen Shaohua instilled all his strength and yuan qi he had never really awakened the White Lotus Immortal sword.

No wonder that during the battle in the tea garden, Liu Shaji looked at the White Lotus Immortal sword with such a strange look in his eyes.

No wonder that he had looked distracted in the past few days...

He had no idea that the unrestrained and unruly young man, who was not considered as having a tall and burly body, was burdened with such a blood feud.

Ye Qingyu, after the initial shock, could not conceal his worries.

Liu Shaji's experience, in a way, was a bit similar to that of Ye Qingyu. It can be imagined that, if this time the Greater One Sect achieved their desired outcome of the Storm Sword Duel gathering, then the major forces of Clear River Domain would together invade Heaven Wasteland Domain. Finally the Heaven Wasteland Domain would end up like the White Lotus Sword Sect had back then. And Ye Qingyu would also be like Liu Shaji, wandering around, continuing to conceal his identity, persistently planning and preparing his revenge.

Looking at Liu Shaji on the Storm Platform, Ye Qingyu felt that he could closely relate to him.

The lonely figure, in the eyes of Ye Qingyu, was solemn and tragic. He was like a javelin standing straight on the Storm Platform, staking his everything, to retaliate against the Greater One Sect.

The man who he had been drinking and chatting merrily with under the moonlight a few days ago, at this time, was like a solitary boat in the vast sea during a storm, lonely and in danger.

Perhaps the next moment a wave would crash down, lightning flashing and thunder rolling. A little carelessness and he would be swallowed by the waves.

Out of the corner of his eyes, Ye Qingyu noticed that there was the same worrying look in the eyes of Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui.

The sound of the wind whistled past the Storm Platform. The noise of the wind swaying the branches and rustling the leaves of the trees on the big and small floating peaks, were setting off the unusually quiet and strange atmosphere at this time.

No one thought that the White Lotus Sword Sect that had disappeared for a hundred years would appear in front of everyone at this moment.

……

On the Storm Platform.

The shock in Liu Xuezong's eyes resided, gradually calming down.

He drew a deep breath and did not say anything more, instead turned to face the Greater One Sect's floating peak.

Precisely the location of the Greater One Spiritual Master.

In the distance.

There was not the slightest emotion on the Greater One Spiritual Master’s face.

Towards the appearance and identity of Liu Shaji, the martial arts overlord had an indifferent look, there was not the slightest expression of astonishment.

Evidently, to the high and mighty him, it was a trivial matter in his view.

So much that when Liu Xuezong cast a glance over, he did not even say a word.

But Liu Xuezong finally eased a little.

He understood the meaning of his senior brother.

Destroy the roots and branches; today he must not let go of Liu Shaji, the surviving member of the White Lotus Sword Sect.

Liu Xuezong's gaze again fell on the body of Liu Shaji, like looking at a dead man, but also with a tinge of compassion, as he said, “Junior, today you seeked out your own death. White Lotus Sword Sect became history long ago, it had long vanished. You escaped calamity back then, extended your remaining breath for decades, but today you came at your own will. I will send you to the underworld to reunite with your sect!

Before his voice died away.

There was a flash of killing intent in his eyes.

For a while he chanted a difficult to understand mantra and spread out his left hand on his chest and abdomen, while pinching a strange hand seal with his right.

He pressed the right hand seal against the left palm, connecting the two hands, and a ball of white pierced through from the gap between his hands.

After a brief while, Liu Xuezong slowly raised his right hand.

And in the palm of his left hand appeared a palm-sized, transparent compass.

There was only the palm-sized compass, which looked carved from ice, sparkling and translucent like crystals. There was an egg-sized hexagon snowflake print on the center and six mysterious ancient characters, which corresponded to the six corners of the snowflake, surrounding the snowflake. The edges of the compass were engraved with numerous mysterious formation markings.

The seemingly delicate compass was filled with a fierce cold air.

“You want to die, today I'll send you on your way with the Mysterious Icy Star Compass!”

Liu Xuezong no longer wasted time talking, and with a low roar, instilled yuan qi into the compass in his left hand.

In a brief moment, the compass in his hand was suddenly ignited like an ice lantern, producing a dazzling white light.

A bone-chilling coldness broke out from the center of the compass.

“Demon Ice Prison.”

The solid substance-like cold air was tumbling around like waves at Liu Xuezong’s feet, spreading across the entire Storm Platform.

Almost within a second, the surface of the platform was covered with ice.

The surging chill was like a charging evil beast, and behind Liu Xuezong was a tremendous strangely shaped beast demon ice sculpture slowly rising from the ice.

The boundless cold pervaded the Storm Platform.

Even though the protective boundary walls of the platform could prevent the battle on the stage from spreading outwards of the Storm Platform, but it still could not stop the biting cold. A vast expanse of white cold air, like clouds and mist, spread out from the Storm Platform, causing a distinct sudden drop in temperature on the surrounding floating peaks. Many of the low-level disciples operated their yuan qi to withstand the bone chilling cold.

On the Storm Platform.

Liu Xuezong was like a statue of Buddha in a world of ice and glass.

His palm was supporting a crystal clear compass, his whole body was shrouded by a solid-substance-like white chill, activating yuan qi, and he crossed his right index finger and the middle finger together, and began writing mysterious formation markings.

The demon ice sculpture was vibrating, like a beast that had been sleeping for many years had been awakened,

Roar!

A dragon-like long roar came from the giant mouth of the demon ice sculpture.

Giant sound waves were like a hurricane raging on the platform, and the cold in the hurricane turned to ice crystals that swept across.

The hurricane whizzed to where Liu Shaji was.

Opposite.

Liu Shaji's expression was solemn.

The hatred and excitement had dispersed, he mobilized his yuan qi and adjusted himself into the optimal state.

A real martial artist, when facing a challenge, their mind will be at its clearest. It would be as still as a moon, calm, and not be swayed by emotions.

Under countless watchful gazes, Liu Shaji firmly held the White Lotus Immortal sword with his right hand, crossing and pinching his fingers on his left, like an illusion, incessantly performing strange and obscure lotus-like sword seals. It seemed to have attracted a mysterious force. Right away, the White Lotus Immortal sword produced a dragon-like sword sound, and a circle of light silver light rippled out from the sword body.

“The White Lotus Sword technique, today will reappear in Jianghu!”

Liu Shaji let out a low roar, his left hand wrapped around the right, swinging the White Lotus Immortal sword skyward like an incense.

Opposite was a solid-substance-like coldness charging over.

As though Liu Shaji could not feel anything.

He closed his eyes lightly, a solemn and dignified expression on his face, as though he was holding a memorial for his ancestors, and said in a sincere yet serious voice, “Headmaster, Master, and everyone, I have finally broken free. Today I will battle to death with our enemies on the Storm Platform. If you can hear me, then you will see at the stars of the ninth heaven. watch me avenge you!”

The White Lotus Immortal sword seemed like it could feel grief and indignation and killing intent within Liu Shaji’s heart. It began buzzing and vibrating.

“Hahaha, open your eyes wide to see clearly, the true power of the White Lotus Immortal sword.”

Liu Shaji’s will and spirit rose dramatically.

A white halo of light broke out from the White Lotus Immortal sword, fully wrapping around Liu Shaji, and underfoot were huge illusory silver lotus petals, like a tremendous white lotus was slowly blooming at his feet, there was an incomparable pure beauty, and from afar Liu Shaji looked like had blossomed from a giant lotus, sacred and solemn, like a god of war in a flower.

At this time, the cold air of Liu Xuezong’s demon Ice Prison was engulfing Liu Shaji, a violent force that seemed like it could destroy the heavens and earth.

But——

As soon as the whizzing cold air came into contact with Liu Shaji’s silver light shield it vanished like smoke.

The vast expanse of white cold air, mingled with ice crystals, were incessantly encircling Liu Shaji, but none of it could advance any further than the silver light, unable to get any closer to Liu Shaji.

Liu Shaji’s refined face was devoid of emotions, no sadness or joy, and his eyes as deep as an ancient lake.

His long black hair flapping in the wind.

He had entirely entered a bizarre state, standing still in his original place, letting himself to be surrounded with Liu Xuezong’s icy wind——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 550:


Chapter 569, Lotus Flower sword attack (2)

Liu Xuezong, upon seeing the coming force, drew a formation marking on the compass with his right hand, which flashed a golden light, before once again penetrating the demon ice sculpture body.

The tremendous demon ice sculpture nodded its head, pouncing at Liu Shaji like a tremendous beast!

“End this battle quickly, crush the White Lotus Sword Sect’s surviving member.”

Liu Xuezong was overflowing with murderous intent.

Given the present situation, if he let the surviving member of the White Lotus Sword Sect live for another second, it would be an insult to the Greater One Sect.

He again drew rapidly on the compass, sending golden formation markings constantly flying out the compass and into the demon ice sculpture body.

The golden markings was like it were unlocking chains. Each absorbed golden formation marking strengthened the demon ice sculpture’s imposing aura.

The initially crystal-like transparent demon ice sculpture, following the absorption of each golden marking, gradually became white, light blue, sky blue, dark blue until turning as black as ink.

On the platform the cold air was more vigorous than before, while on the ground a layer of ice several meters thick had formed, with countless icicles of varying sizes hanging upside down under the Storm Platform.

“Is this the power of the Immortal Step boundary?”

Below the Storm Platform, Ye Qingyu, feeling the biting coldness directly striking at his consciousness, also could not help his mind from shaking.

It was the first time that he felt the power of an Immortal Step expert so vividly.

An expert of such a cultivation level would most likely be an invincible existence in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

He absolutely must not let Greater One Sect invade Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Ye Qingyu made a vow in his mind.

At the same time, he looked at Liu Shaji with a more worried expression.

When his gaze shifted back to Liu Xuezong, he suddenly discovered something that shocked him——

“Huh? Is that... the formation markings that Liu Xuezong are drawing on the compass...” Ye Qingyu exclaimed, “These rune markings... I seem to have seen somewhere before.”

Ye Qingyu's attention was fully drawn to the markings that Liu Xuezong was constantly creating.

A faint feeling in his heart, that he was eager to seize, made him sink into a kind of mysterious realm.

On the Storm Platform.

The wind and the clouds were reversed.

At Liu Shaji’s feet was a white nine-petal lotus flower blossoming.

The diameter of the lotus flower was less than five meters, blooming peacefully, emitting a faint halo of light, and without the bright and dazzling aura compared to when Chen Shaohua was wielding the White Lotus Immortal sword. The nine petals of the lotus flower seemed like solid objects, giving off a reserved brilliance and a pure and sacred fragrance wafting through the air.

Compared to Liu Xuezong's imposing and powerful demon ice prison, this nine-petal lotus looked as powerless as the snowflakes that filled the sky.

“Huh? This fragrance!”

“This is the fragrance of the White Lotus Immortal sword light!”

“I didn’t expect the power of the White Lotus Immortal sword to be able to penetrate the boundary walls of the Storm Platform, and waft out this fragrance!”

“This Liu Shaji of the White Lotus Sword Sect is not ordinary at all!”

The surrounding people were suddenly attracted by the faint scent, their mind suddenly cleared, and it seemed the chill brought along by Liu Xuezong’s Demon Ice Prison had also gradually subsided.

And at the same time.

Liu Shaji’s closed eyes were suddenly opened.

In the still and peaceful eyes, there was a strange twinkle of brilliance, as he faintly looked over at Liu Zuezong who was standing proud like a descended demon god. As though making a declaration, he finally opened his mouth. The voice that came out was without the slightest human emotions, like a voice from an immemorial sacred mountain, each word resounding between heaven and earth like a great bell——

“Against nature, Lotus Flower Nine Strikes——the first strike!”

With these words, the nine-petal lotus underfoot slightly quivered.

A petal trembled lightly, detaching from the base of the lotus flower.

The seemingly soft and powerless petal was floating over to Liu Xuezong.

Liu Xuezong operated the demon ice sculpture, sending it whizzing over to meet the seemingly weak petal.

The two collided, then the demon ice sculpture silently went still in its original place!

But the petal was still fluttering toward Liu Xuezong!

Liu Xuezong took on a look of fear, rapidly drawing another marking on the compass.

“Bad! The demon ice sculpture has lost response! What power is this!”

Terrified, Liu Xuezong immediately had a bad feeling.

His mind was wildly shaking, a golden light flashed from the compass, and another demon ice sculpture appeared behind him.

But it was already too late.

The petal of the lotus flower had descended.

The translucent, white jade-like petal, breaking through all the boundaries of time and space and also ignoring any obstruction, was seemingly weak and delicate, but was irreversible, gently descending on Liu Xuezong’s head.

The fearful look on Liu Xuezong’s face was inexpressible, opening and closing his mouth, like there was something he wanted to say.

Time and space seemed to have gone still.

The stillness of that moment sent chills down one’s spine.

Liu Xuezong was still maintaining the posture of drawing formation markings on the compass.

Not far away, Liu Shaji gently closed his eyes once more, his waist-length black hair dancing in the wind.

After one second.

There was a snapping sound.

Everyone could only see that Liu Xuezong, who had gone still, was all of a sudden crushed like a shattered ice sculpture, flesh and blood turned to pure white petals, scattering between the sky and earth. In the blink of the eye, petals had filled the sky. There was not the slightest speck of blood, instead there was a dazzling and palpitating beautiful scenery.

The Mysterious Ice Star Compass in his hand dropped to the ground.

Boom!

Two demon ice sculptures, one black and one white, ruptured with a loud bang, shattering into ice crystals.

In a twinkling, the several meters of ice on the Storm Platform all dissipated, as if it had never appeared in the first place.

Only the fluttering flower petals that Liu Xuezong had been turned to, and the dim and pale compass, proved that a life-and-death showdown had just occurred on the platform.

Between heaven and earth, there was a deathly stillness.

The scene was settled.

Time seemed to have ceased.

For a long while.

On the Storm Platform.

Dust dissipated.

Clad in a blue robe, Liu Shaji once again appeared in the field of view of all people.

Standing on the lotus base, his posture was graceful and his countenance was calm, as though everything that had happened was within his expectations. There was not the slightest joy of defeating the opponent.

The white lotus petals transformed from Liu Xuezong’s body were falling gently, unexpectedly revealing an indescribable beauty.

“Master, this is only the first one.”

Liu Shaji clasped the sword firmly, silently saying in his mind.

The lotus base that was missing a petal was still blooming with a pure and scared radiance at his feet. The dazzling light contrasted against Liu Shaji's face, making him look more elegant and extraordinary.

Below the Storm Platform.

There were countless indescribably astonished gazes.

The Greater One Spiritual Master was shocked and furious at the same time, a cold light flickering within his eyes, and the air around him had become austere.

He looked at Liu Shaji on the Storm Platform, eyes sank like water.

Behind him, He Ju and the headmasters of the other peaks also knitted their brows, a killing intent flitted across their eyes.

The fact that Liu Xuezong was so easily killed was tantamount to giving a heavy blow to the Greater One Sect.

The fact that Ye Qingyu killed Chen Shaohua had already made Greater One Sect lose face. But, Chen Shaohua was after all just one of the successors of the eight peaks. Among the younger generation there were a number of disciples with extraordinary aptitude. With a little training another person will replace his position.

His death was not much of a loss to the Greater One Sect.

But Liu Xuezong was one of the headmasters of the eight peaks!

The cultivation level of the headmasters of the eight peaks were all above the Immortal Step boundary, their strength must not be underestimated. And regardless of cultivation, to become one of the headmasters of the Greater One Sect's eight peaks, one must stand out from hundreds people, have the skills to handle the affairs of the peak, possess countless years of experience and tests, and discipline. It was with all these combined together that Liu Xuezong could maintain a high status and value in Greater One Sect.

If Greater One Sect was a divine dragon soaring to the Ninth Heaven, then Liu Xuezong was one of the claws of this divine dragon!

The death of Liu Xuezong was tantamount to one claw being chopped off; it must be painful to the Greater One Sect.

Before this battle, no one had expected that Liu Xuezong, who had made a name for himself for many years, would be defeated, reduced to petals and vanishing from the earth.

Based on his Immortal rank strength, everyone thought that he would easily win the battle, and even though the White Lotus Sword Sect’s Liu Shaji had shown the strength of the Immortal Step boundary, at most it would be a difficult win for Liu Xuezong.

Even if some thought that there was a possibility of Liu Xuezong being defeated, he would only be seriously injured and would at least escape death, and the Greater One Sect would naturally find a way to save the situation and protect his life.

But Liu Xuezong did not even have the chance to counterattack, nor the opportunity to say a word; it was astounding.

No one had thought that Liu Xuezong, whose name had been well known across Clear River Domain for hundreds of years, today would fall in the hands of a junior of a sect that had been destroyed years ago!

On a small floating peak.

Hu Bugui was initially surprised, then patted his thigh and burst into a hearty laughter, “Hahaha, interesting, really is interesting hahaha, indeed worthy of being my brother, the kill was beautiful, this Greater One Sect had been arrogant for too long, they really think they are the best and no one dares fight back!”

Ye Qingyu's face was also the colour of shock.

He had indeed assessed the strength of Liu Shaji before, but still did not think that he could kill Liu Xuezong, one of the headmasters of the eight peaks, in one move.

Besides being shocked, Ye Qingyu was also happy for Liu Shaji.

The White Lotus Sword Sect had been wiped out over ahundred years ago and Liu Shaji was the only survivor. In these hundred years, what kind of suffering had he been through, only he knew. Now that he had personally killed one of the enemies, this was considered as his goal fulfilled.

Nan Tieyi had a lifeless look in his eyes.

He was astonished with Liu Shaji's strength, but then thinking that Liu Shaji will have to face the retaliation of the Greater One Sect after this battle, he was somewhat worried, a seriousness flashed across his face.

The matter would only get worse.

But for some reason, Nan Tieyi felt a little excited.

Liu Shaji's actions and behaviour were all following his heart, while Nan Tieyi must always remember the commandment of the Immortal Emperor Sect, restrain himself, exercise forbearance at everything, and no matter what he did he seemed shackled. The way that Liu Shaji, Tian Huang, and Hu Bugui handle matters were completely opposite to him. A trace of envy floated to his mind.

He again looked to the Storm Platform where Liu Shaji stood with an unrestrained and worry-free look on his face, then immediately seemed somewhat at a loss, the commandment of his sect, was it really right? ——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 551:


Chapter 570, Maniac Liu Shaji

The wind was soughing.

An Immortal Step boundary martial arts overlord had fallen just like that.

The countless petals falling on the Storm Platform were like a flurry of snow.

Liu Xuezong's body had turned into tens of thousands of petals.

On the Nangong family's floating peak, the look of astonishment in Nangong Jue's eyes very soon faded.

He whispered a few words to an elder behind him, then when he turned back around there was a faint smile curving his lips. He cast a glance at Liu Shaji on the Storm Platform, lowered his head, and seemed uninterested in all other matters. He stretched out his right hand and played around with his fingers in a very strange rhythm.

While the Sky Demon Palace master was glancing over in the direction of the Greater One Sect’s floating peak, the corners of his mouth curved slightly upwards, and soon Spiritual Master Long Jiao offered a cup of wine, which he finished in one gulp.

The Heaven Devastator Demon Sect master was naturally incomparably calm from the start to finish.

He seemed unsurprised about the result of the battle, and was only indifferently looking at Liu Shaji on the Storm Platform, an unclear emotion in the depths of his eyes.

All the floating peaks around the Storm Platform were heavy with a strange atmosphere.

After a moment of quiet and stillness, although snapped out of their astonishment, the spectators still found it difficult to control the shock in their hearts and began quietly whispering to each other.

“Heavens! How could that be?” “

“Really didn’t expect Liu Xuezong, one of the headmasters of the eight peaks, an incredibly strong expert, to die on the Storm Platform like that!”

“It's unbelievable, Liu Xuezong is a top master who had entered the Immortal Step boundary hundreds of years ago! But he collapsed at the first blow!”

“Who said no? He was killed at the first blow!”

“It is hard to imagine, this White Lotus Sword Sect had collapsed for hundred years, how would there be such a powerful young expert!”

“He killed a headmaster of the Immortal Step boundary in one blow! What kind of power is this! It's terrifying!”

“It’s mainly the White Lotus sword technique that is terrifying, really didn’t think that the handed down martial arts of a sect that has been destroyed to be so terrifying!”

“But the White Lotus sword techniques are too powerful! It could take the life of an Immortal Step expert in one strike!”

“Since White Lotus sword techniques are so powerful, why was the White Lotus Sword Sect destroyed by Greater One Sect back then?”

“Who knows!”

On the big and small floating peaks, all of the people were in complete shock.

An Immortal Step expert had fallen. No matter when, such a matter would be enough to shake the entire Clear River Domain.

Countless eyes fell on Liu Shaji's body. Besides shock, there was envy and awe.

“We all have such mediocre aptitude, we most likely will never progress to the Immortal Step boundary in this life. The White Lotus sword techniques killed an Immortal Step expert in one move, its power is too terrifying!”

“Don’t you guys find it a little weird?”

“What's weird?”

“All the matters that had happened today are connected in countless ways to the people on that floating peak.”

“Now that you’ve mentioned it, it is indeed true. That Liu Shaji, in order to save Tian Huang, had stood against He Ju, he must be inextricably linked with the Thunder and Lightning Sect.”

“Yes, yes, I think so too.”

The people, upon hearing this, nodded in agreement, lines of sight subsequently turned to the floating peak that Ye Qingyu and the others were on. Their expressions grew thoughtful.

“There is not a simple person on that floating peak!”

“Yes, look, the unfathomable master of Tian Huang and ruthless and decisive successor, and the White Lotus Sword Sect’s Liu Shaji.”

“There is also bandit Hu Bugui, and the successor of the Immortal God Emperor Sect!” “

“These people have gathered together, I don't know if it's a coincidence or there's something else!”

On the Storm Platform.

Liu Shaji was like an immortal banished from heavens. He was standing straight on the white lotus flower stamen.

The wind was howling, fluttering his robes.

As though he did not hear the voices below the platform, he calmly looked over in the direction of the Greater One Sect's floating peak.

Opposite.

The several headmasters of Greater One Sect were staring at Liu Shaji.

These influential people who usually took a tense situation calmly, and were accustomed to not showing a change of expression in the face of Mt. Tai collapsing, could no longer maintain the slightest calm at this moment. Every one of them had a sudden change in countenance, murderous intent overflowing from their eyes, and was without the slightest warmth.

Liu Shaji seemed unaware.

He coldly smiled, brushing the White Lotus Immortal sword gently with his palm, the curve of his mouth resembling a crescent moon on a cold night.

After a moment of slight silence, Liu Shaji suddenly raised his head.

Like lightning, he shot a glance in the direction of Greater One Sect, pointing his sword.

“I just killed one of you, and you can't stand it? How arrogant was the Greater One Sect when they destroyed my White Lotus Sword Sect? Take out the courage that you had when you killed them... Today, I, Liu Shaji, demand repayment for the spirits of the White Lotus Sword Sect, Liu Xonzong is only the first one. Back then he and He Ju together plotted against my master... Hahaha, He Ju, get on the stage to die!”

Before his voice faded.

The crowd, like a scoop of water was poured into a boiling oil pan, completely exploded.

“This young man really is crazy!”

“He dares challenge He Ju!”

“Too reckless, He Ju’s cultivation is possibly superior to Liu Xuezong, he really is crazy!”

“He just killed a headmaster of the Greater One Sect, yet dares to challenge another headmaster, he really does not know the immensity of heaven and earth!”

“Greater One Sect had already lost Chen Shaohua and headmaster Liu Xuezong, they have completely lost their face. He Ju may not necessarily accept the challenge.”

“If He Ju was defeated on the Storm Platform next, then that would be interesting! The Greater One Sect would completely lose their face!”

“Really unexpected, this young man has such a temper, but he has shown too much of his ability.”

“Unfortunately, even if this young man had killed Liu Xuezong, it’s impossible for him to withstand one hundred enemies; there are a number of Immortal Step experts in Greater One Sect!”

“Greater One Sect surely will not let him off!”

On a small floating peak.

Hu Bugui was also somewhat speechless when he heard Liu Shaji continue to challenge He Ju.

After a long while, he seemed to understand, burst into loud laughter and said, “Haha, indeed is a brother of mine, there is such boldness. A little Greater One Sect is nothing, I also cannot stand the sight of that He Ju, absolutely can't excuse Greater One Sect this hypocrite! Brother Liu, get rid of them. Hahaha.”

Old Fish grinned, cleaned his ears with his finger, then as though no one was around blew at it.

Ye Qingyu turned a blind eye to Old Fish’s indecent behavior, looking at Liu Shaji with a trace of admiration in his eyes.

On the Greater One Sect's floating peak.

The people of the Greater One Sect were both shocked and furious.

There was a strong murderous aura, and the headmasters of the eight peaks were infuriated.

To be undisguisedly slapped across the face like that, even if they had been training for hundreds of years it was still difficult to swallow this anger.

Greater One Spiritual Master’s face was ashen, revealing murderous intent, but did not declare his stance.

“This White Lotus Sword Sect's surviving member is too arrogant. They really treat Greater One Sect as a nobody!”

“Hmph! Unexpectedly dares to challenge senior brother He, a stray dog is barking, he clearly wants to die!”

“Must not let him live to see the sun tomorrow!”

“Junior brother Liu was only killed because of carelessness, he really thinks our Greater One Sect is easy to bully!”

He Ju was both shocked and furious.

When he wanted to kill Tian Huang to vent his rage, the unfathomable master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect suddenly appeared. Not only did he fail to avenge his disciple, he also had to kowtow and endure the pressure of the consciousness power of the Thunder and Lightning Sect master, causing him to lose all his face. Then, a surviving member of the White Lotus Sword Sect suddenly came out and killed his junior brother Liu Xuezong, and subsequently challenged him. How can he not be furious. Even if he wanted to directly kill Liu Shaji to vent his anger, he also had to take into account the Master of Tian Huang.

Ever since Liu Shaji had revealed his true identity, all the headmasters of the eight peaks knew that they must not release a tiger back into the mountains.

But Liu Shaji seemed to have a good relationship with the Thunder and Lightning Sect. If Greater One Sect really did kill Liu Shaji... and the master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect was angered, disastrous consequences would follow!

The Greater One Spiritual Master also thought of this.

Suppressing his anger, he pondered carefully and rose to his feet slowly.

Under the gaze of tens of thousands, the Greater One Spiritual Master slowly turned to the direction of Old Fish, cupped one hand in the other and bowed respectfully, “Elder...”

He did not finish his sentence, but the meaning had been expressed clearly.

On a small floating peak, Old Fish gave a mischievous smile, crossed one leg over the other, and dusted his trousers, and said without lifting up his head, “Haha, don't ask me, why ask me, do what you like, as long as it is a fair battle, I will not intervene.

The restraining fear vanished from Greater One Spiritual Master’s face.

He slowly got up, the aura around him instantly becoming austere.

The Greater One Spiritual Master made a sweeping motion with his horsetail whisk, before bowing to Old Fish once more and his eyes shifted back onto the Storm Platform.

“The Master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect had expressed that he will not meddle in this matter, there is nothing to fear. This boy possesses such cultivation at such a young age, if he was given enough time he will become a threat to Greater One Sect. Today we must not release the tiger back into the mountain!”

Greater One Spiritual Master felt a weight lifted off of his shoulders. He Ju’s strength was above that of Liu Xuezong, and he would absolutely not repeat Liu Xuezong’s mistakes in this fight.

“Huh! The master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect does not plan to intervene!”

“Greater One Sect absolutely will not let the young man off!”

“If the Thunder and Lightning Sect’s master intervenes, then he might survive, but it seems there’s no chance now.”

“Yes, Greater One Sect’s foundation is so deep, how will they tolerate him!”

Since Old Fish had declared his stance, there were many people that thought Liu Shaji may have lost his biggest backer, and everything pointed to disaster for him.

But at this time on the Storm Platform, when Liu Shaji heard Old Fish’s words, not only was there not the slightest disappointment, a grateful expression crossed his face as he bowed deeply to Old Fish. “Thank you, elder!”

……

On a floating peak.

Greater One Spiritual Master slowly sat back, finally feeling at ease.

It may be assumed that, since the master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect was a quasi-emperor like expert of martial arts, his words carry enormous weight. If he had said that he won’t intervene, he certainly will not go against his own words.

Ye Qingyu saw that the Greater One Spiritual Master and the other headmasters who were like monks in a meditative state, their lips were closing and opening as though talking about something.

There wasn’t a protective boundary set up around the headmaster’s floating peak, but at this time all the people could only see the several headmasters conversing in secret code and were completely unable to hear the content they were discussing.

A moment later.

He Ju seemed full of confidence.

He gently flung his wide sleeves and rose to his feet, looking at Liu Shaji on the Storm Platform with an imperceptible malice.

“Junior, you chose not to walk the path of the human world, instead breaking into the doors of hell.”

Before his voice died away.

He Ju also flashed to the Storm Platform.

There was only half a shadow dissipating in the void.

His eyes drooped and his lips curved in a sneer.

“It must be lonely being the only one remaining in the White Lotus Sword Sect, you have caused such a big motion. I will send you on the way and let you reunite with your master and fellow disciples.”

He Ju interlaced his fingers, index fingers extending out to form a seal in front of his chest. As his mouth opened and closed, he uttered some obscure mantra, and suddenly the gap between his fingers was a rising beam of golden light, jetting out. The soaring golden beam of light, in a rapid and imposing manner, gathered the yuan qi of He Ju into a tornado-like cyclone, which rotated at a tremendous speed, while He Ju also rose into the air, 10 feet from the ground.

His whole body turned into a number of golden arrows.

The arrow body was less than one foot, and on the arrowhead was not only gold paint but also wrapped in golden red yuan qi flames.

Tens of thousands of golden arrows revolved around He Ju’s tornado of yuan qi like golden lasers.

Everyone could only see that He Ju was more dazzling than before. Even though he was separated by the boundary walls, the naked eye was stung from the brilliance he emitted and had no option but to operate qi to withstand such splendour

In a short moment, a golden laser cyclone had wrapped around He Ju, wind and waves tumbling below the strong cyclone, wind raging on the Storm Platform, and the bones and flesh before had broke through the boundary, scattering everywhere.

In the middle of the cyclone, He Ju bellowed wildly.

Tens of thousands of golden arrows faced the direction of Liu Shaji, uniform and ready to launch.

“Golden Piecing Heaven Technique, break.”

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

In an instant, more than tens of thousands of golden arrows hurled in the direction of Liu Shaji.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 552:


Chapter 571, The Lost Sword Song

He Ju had thought to be the first to strike. Before Liu Shaji administered the fatal Lotus Flower attack, he must first suppress him.

Who strikes first prevails, who strikes late fails.

When experts battle, many times there was a fine line between victory and defeat.

He was a veteran expert of the Immortal Step boundary, and Liu Shaji lacked combat experience and possessed a shallow foundation.

Opposite.

In the face of the golden mysterious arrows hurtling over, Liu Shaji’s face was devoid of expression, looking solemn.

He drew a deep breath, performing sword seals, sending the White Lotus Immortal sword rapidly vibrating and the sword hilt splitting by itself. One became two, then two became three, then three became one million, and eventually there were countless sword shadows, overlapping one another. In the void, like a peacock unfolding its tail, the White Lotus Immortal sword spread into a barrier before Liu Shaji, with veil-like white light dancing about it.

Sunlight penetrated the white light veil, and all of a sudden the sword formation barrier flickered with countless blotches of golden light, dazzling and abnormal.

Liu Shaji was just defending, and had not launched any attack yet.

This made the audience, who was watching the battle intently, to be unable to make any sense of the matter.

Could his fatal attack be used only once?

Or was it that the attack that he killed Liu Xuezong with had wounded him?

Or Liu Shaji had been seriously injured and could not use any attacks?

Or He Ju's sudden and violent attack had made him to be unable to display the greatest power of the White Lotus Immortal sword?

Ye Qingyu was staring unblinkingly at the Storm Platform.

He was sensing the mysteriousness of the golden arrows entering his eyes, mind and heart while looking at the calm and fearless Liu Shaji.

What was he waiting for?

On the Storm Platform.

Yuan light erupted, and powerful light overflowed.

Liu Shaji did not budge an inch like a mountain.

The offense of the golden mysterious arrows was incomparably quick and violent, but the barrier formed from the White Lotus Immortal sword was impenetrable. Like a mountain stone gate, it was deflecting all the arrows.

A look of astonishment flitted past He Ju's eyes, and shortly after he could no longer suppress the raging anger inside him. The waves of yuan qi billowed his clothes and dishevelled his hair, and his eyes grew red, as if he had entered into a demon-like wild state.

He was constantly activating the golden mysterious arrows, leading to a more dazzling golden-red light on the arrows, and on the arrows suddenly emerged with a string of golden dragon-like formations.

“Golden Piecing Heaven Technique, Soaring Dragon Kill.”

He Ju was like an immortal, treading the clouds and condescendingly looking at Liu Shaji below.

Murderous spirit pervaded the air, and the boundary walls of the Storm Platform began to vibrate wildly.

Just then---

“Is it just that? Old dog, back then when you slaughtered the disciples of the White Lotus Sword Sect, how arrogant were you. It seems that in these years, you really have been wasting your life!”

Liu Shaji suddenly opened his mouth.

He raised his head slightly, his face devoid of expression, and his pair of eyes deep as ink looked into the air, focusing on the demon god-like He Ju whose yuan qi was frantically surging.

Bang!

Bang !

Bang!

Despite the strong onslaught of the golden dragon formation arrows, it failed to break through the White Lotus Sword formation barrier, and only produced a deafening colliding sound upon contact with the sword formation.

Each shrill impact brought pain to the ears of everyone around the Storm Platform. Some lower level disciples felt throbbing and buzzing in their ears, and could not help but cover their ears and wail in anguish, streams of blood trickling down their ears.

How can this be?

He Ju, witnessing the rainstorm-like golden mysterious arrows being deflected by the sword one after another, had shock reflected in his eyes.

“So next, I'll send you to see your precious disciple.”

Liu Shaji looked at the eight petal lotus flower that was gradually resuming a solid form, a hint of a smile curving his mouth.

The time has arrived. Prepare to die.

He held the White Lotus Immortal Sword's main body, lip moving, reciting a mantra.

The veil-like gentle, white brilliance of the White Lotus Immortal Sword wrapped around the sword body layer upon layer, soft and gentle.

A beam of silver sword light shot out from the center of the sword, piercing through the soft veil and radiating all around.

The eight petal lotus flower at Liu Shaji’s feet began to slowly rotate, the halo of light winding and extending continuously. The air was once again filled with a sacred and elegant white lotus flower fragrance.

The golden mysterious arrows were nearing, but all of a sudden the attack ceased upon contact with the halo of light radiated from the lotus flower, as if there was a large hand in the air that pulled them to a halt.

Ding!

Ding!

Ding!

The golden mysterious arrows seemed drained of life energy. It dropped onto the Storm Platform, numerous and piling up.

It was just a halo of light of the lotus flower, yet the golden mysterious arrows instilled with the yuan qi of an Immortal Step expert had been halted and lost its power.

Amongst the people below the platform, not one of them did not have a sudden change of expression, shocked and frightened.

“He Ju reached the Immortal Step hundreds of years ago, yet a full-strength attack of his could not even near that disciple of the White Lotus Sword Sect. This is too terrifying.”

“Yes, He Ju is a headmaster of several times stronger than Liu Xuezong. This Liu Shaji really is too powerful.”

“Just now I did not even see him move and thought the lotus petals at his feet were useless.”

“Look, look at the lotus flower beneath him, there were nine petals and now there are only eight petals...”

……

On the Storm Platform.

Liu Shaji's posture was proud and solitary, his eyes did not even contain the slightest tremor or uncertainty.

He looked to where He Ju stood, and a sword song that had once shook the heavens and the earth sounded.

The colour of the white lotus is bright and clear,

The silver pointed sword is not old,

Sweep away devils and evil,

One sword beheads a group of demons.

Everyone can remember when this sword song had shook the Clear River Domain. The group of sword-wielding heroes that flew between heaven and earth, standing for justice, and moved unhindered between the clouds, sang this song loudly.

After hundreds of years, this song had finally reappeared in Jianghu.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

