Chapter 1085:


Chapter 1100 The Most Dominant Man


"What?"

"Our ancestor..."

"Oh my god!"

Countless pairs of eyes bulged with disbelief.

What just happened?

Has the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect been beheaded?

Countless people rubbed their eyes in unison, unable to believe what they had just witnessed.

The loud cheers and waving of swords in the Four Stars Sect's camp came to an abrupt halt, as though a flock of noisy ducks had suddenly been strangled simultaneously.

After the pair of flying swords hit their target in one strike, they howled happily as though they were alive. Then, they trembled as one, like a pair of wings that could not wait to soar in the sky, and looked as though they were about to rip through the air and escape…

"Come back here!" Ye Qingyu roared and spat out a mouthful of blood essence that landed on the Geng Metal Pill. At the same time, he also imprinted several ancient and secret handprints onto the Geng Metal Pill. This pill immediately shone with grand splendor and let out a soft but long cry, like a loving mother calling out for her son who had traveled far from home.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

The pair of winged swords buzzed reluctantly but ultimately stopped struggling and returned to the Geng Metal Pill.

Ye Qingyu summoned a white jade pill furnace that was at least ten meters tall and stored this Geng Metal Pill within this pill furnace. Then, he stored this pill furnace within the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

He heaved a long sigh of relief after this process was complete.

On the opposite end—

The Quasi-emperor's head continued to plummet. It fell several thousand meters before crashing to the ground with a thunderous boom. The earth shook and mountains trembled, as though there had been an earthquake.

The Quasi-emperor's body remained frozen in the void. No blood had flowed out of the wound at his neck and his body still continued to exude a frightening force as he stood in the void without falling.

"How dare you sneak up on him…" the sect master yelled from a distance. He looked a little flustered but there was no trace of fear on his face.

He firmly believed that his ancestor would definitely be able to reconstruct his head. Even ordinary Saint experts would be able to use their blood qi to reconstruct their heads after they were beheaded, so this was a simple task for a revered Quasi-emperor like his ancestor. Their abilities were as remarkable as fiendgods, so there was no way his ancestor would die just because his head had been cut off.

"Moron." Ye Qingyu's glanced at the sect master of the Four Stars Sect. The dark forces had already eaten away at this man and his mind was already corrupted. He had long lost the graceful bearing of a true sect master. He was so pathetic that he was not even aware of it.

"Ancestor?" the sect master of the Four Stars Sect called out, his voice quivering.

Something was wrong.

Why was it taking so long for their Quasi-emperor to reconstruct his head? Several breaths had already passed and this short amount of time was the equivalent of several centuries to a Quasi-emperor, so he should have already shown some reaction by this time.

A strange atmosphere hung in the air.

The rest of the experts from the various forces were all completely dumbfounded as they slowly started to think that perhaps the impossible might have happened. Yet, this thought seemed so ridiculous and unbelievable that they could not believe that it could happen.

"Ancestor, please regain your divine abilities and kill Madman Ye," the Four Stars Holy Girl said loudly.

"Please kill him."

Countless disciples of the Four Stars Sect chanted as they waved their swords.

"He is already dead," Ye Qingyu said.

"Rubbish. Our ancestor is a Quasi-emperor. There is no way that he could have perished," the sect master roared fiercely but his face was pale.

The Four Stars Holy Girl scoffed coldly, "Stop trying to mislead everyone with your ridiculous statements… You… must have used some kind of mysterious technique to temporarily seal his powers. Do you really think that you can deceive us? In a few moments, you'll be the first to die after our ancestor regains his strength, then you will be turned to ashes…"

She lost her composure and yelled loudly even as she inched backward slightly.

Ye Qingyu shook his head but remained silent.

The Geng Metal Pill and the winged swords were the treasures he had obtained from one of the pill furnaces from the [Tusita Palace] in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. The million-year-old soul had once hinted to Ye Qingyu that the treasure contained within that pill furnace might be able to help him defeat Quasi-emperor Mushan. Later on, Ye Qingyu barely managed to extract this pill from the pill furnace but had yet to fully refine it, so he did not use it in battle. It was not until recently that he had finally managed to gain some control over the powers of this pill and could control the winged swords with great difficulty. He had done all of that in preparation for the battle today.

The winged swords contained within the Geng Metal Pill were incredibly powerful and managed to kill the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect in one strike.

A Quasi-emperor had been felled by a sword.

This was a supreme treasure that was at least an Emperor weapon.

However, at his current stage of cultivation, he was only able to use it once because it would use up almost all his yuan qi. He would need some time to recuperate before he could use it again.

Yet, this one strike had been enough.

At that moment, countless fearful and reverent gazes fell on him. Everyone looked at this young man in robes like white jade as though they were looking at a legendary figure. This young man had battled a Quasi-emperor and even beheaded him but emerged completely unscathed.

It has to be a lie, right?

They kept asking themselves this question over and over again.

Madman Ye… is he truly human?

Those who had been prepared to stand with the Four Stars Sect immediately retreated at the first instance to move as far away as they could from the Four Stars Sect, as though they were avoiding a plague. They did not want to be associated with the Four Stars Sect at all.

They reacted in the exact same manner as they had earlier when they avoided Ye Qingyu.

Things were quickly going downhill for the Four Stars Sect.

"Attack!" Ye Qingyu retreated to the divine temple and issued a command with a slight raise of his hand.

Spokesperson Li, the four main generals, the successor of White Jade Capital, Lu Wei, Li Shengyan, and the others were not aware that Ye Qingyu had such an incredible weapon. They were all as shocked as the experts from the Four Stars Sect and their minds were completely blank. They had been prepared to battle to the death, so no one had expected that things would turn out this way.

They were only pulled out of their reverie by Ye Qingyu's call to arms.

"Kill!"

"Charge!"

The four main generals yelled out military commands in unison.

Military drums thundered in the distance.

White Cloud Warships appeared along the horizon and ripped through the air to surround the battlefield. They looked incredibly imposing, and it was just as though huge white clouds had swept over the battlefield. Dozens of White-robed Divine Guards stood sternly on every warship. And at a glance, there appeared to be several thousand soldiers aboard them.

These were the core, elite soldiers of the White-robed Divine Guards of the Human Race headquarters.

The White Cloud Warships had the ability to battle across domains.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The military drums' thunderous, ear-splitting booms pulled many other experts out of their shock.

The true battle was about to begin.

"Ancestor…" the sect master cried, completely grief-stricken.

There was a veil covering the Four Stars Holy Girl's features, but the fear and panic in her eyes were as clear as day and she started to tremble.

As for the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy], Jiang Xiaohan, she had disappeared from the scene before anyone knew it.

This was because the Four Stars Quasi-emperor's headless body still stood in the void and had yet to recover and the authoritative force from his body was gradually dissipating.

The Quasi-emperor was truly dead!

"Quick, we have to save our ancestor," the sect master yelled as he lunged for the Quasi-emperor's body.

"Get into your formations and counterattack!"

Those in the upper echelon of the Four Stars Sect yelled angrily.

"Activate our sect gate's formation and kill every one of these White-robed Divine Guards," an ancient elder yelled.

The experts who were not from the Four Stars Sect but had been standing in their camp earlier were so frightened that they quaked in their boots.

This was especially true for the Black Moon Immortal Palace because they were in possession of some inside information prior to the battle. They were so sure that the Four Stars Sect would definitely win today that they ignored their sentence by the Alliance of Domains to seal their sect and stood beside the Four Stars Sect so prominently. Now that the situation had turned out this way, their actions were as good as courting death.

When they remembered their previous enmity with the Heaven Wasteland Domain, those in the upper echelon of the Black Moon Immortal Palace were so overcome with regret that they even thought of killing themselves.

Finally, the Four Stars Sect managed to retrieve the Quasi-emperor's body.

This was also because Ye Qingyu did not stop them.

He did not think much about returning the body to the sect because the Quasi-emperor was already dead. Furthermore, he did not have an inclination to turn every organism into a zombie war puppet.

"Kill! Kill them all!" the sect master yelled angrily.

They still had the support of a dark Quasi-emperor and this was a region that their sect had managed and refined for many millennia. So, these ten thousand White-robed Divine Guards were out of their minds if they thought they could destroy the Four Stars Sect.

He was already prepared to raze the place to the ground.

Also, there was a secret escape passage within their sect.

He became a little crazed.

Ye Qingyu swallowed three Deathlike Pills at the divine temple.

He exerted his yuan qi to refine those pills, and soon after, his yuan qi had been replenished.

"Treasures, please make your appearance again," he said as he exerted a mysterious technique and used his handprint to activate the Geng Metal Pill and release the winged swords within them.

Swish!

Two rays of sword light flashed and ripped through the air, then Ye Qingyu recalled these swords in the same manner as he had done earlier.

This time, his target was the dark Quasi-emperor who was battling the elderly Quasi-emperor. The winged swords slashed apart the black mist, then a petrified cry rang out. Soon after, the black mist that covered the sky completely scattered and a drop of black blood fell toward the ground. Suddenly, the earth burned with black flames, it was like a sea of fire…

The various experts who had hoped that Ye Qingyu's feat earlier was a fluke were now completely flabbergasted.

It was clear that this mysterious dark Quasi-emperor had also been killed by Ye Qingyu in the same manner.

This was far too terrifying.

It was way too frightening.

Ye Qingyu had killed Quasi-emperors as effortlessly as slaughtering chickens.

God, now that he had such skills and supreme treasures, who else in this universe would be able to block his sword light?

In the future, all these forces would be at the [Ice Sword Killing God’s] mercy. Now that Quasi-emperors could not even handle one blow from him, who else would be able to stop him? A true Martial Emperor might possibly be able to achieve this feat, but they did not exist in the universe today.

Ye Qingyu was probably invincible throughout this universe now.

He was not a Martial Emperor, but his strength was comparable to one.

Had the most dominant expert of the late Martial Emperor Age finally emerged?

Even a fool could tell that from this day on, there was going to be a major power shift throughout the entire Vast Thousand Domains and this was probably the start of an era where the Human Race would reign supreme.

At the same time, military drums boomed in the distance once more.

This was a very unique drumming sound.

Then, huge Dragon Human warships appeared in such a large number that they blotted out the sun.

The Dragon Human War God, Xu Wuya, stood high and tall on his warship as his eyes blazed with combat will.

The Human Race headquarters was not fighting alone.

The White-robed Divine Guards had allies as well.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1086:


Chapter 1101 - Destruction of the Four Stars Sect


When everyone saw the Dragon Human warships charging toward the Four Stars Sect and noticed that they were led by General Xu Wuya who enjoyed considerable fame throughout the Vast Thousand Domains, they realized how intricately planned the entire punitive expedition against the Four Stars Sect had been. This plan was far beyond their expectations and they had managed to mobilize such strength that it could even be said that this was the largest battle in the Vast Thousand Domains in the past one thousand years.

These Dragon Human warships stood in orderly rows and strictly followed their orders. Their battle formation was strict and imposing and this was the Dragon Teeth Army, the army that was rumored to rank amongst the top ten in terms of combat power in the current era.

The Four Stars Sect was a super-sect with a history of many thousand years and they had rich resources and accumulated a wealth of knowledge but the Dragon Human Race who had established the Dragonblood Dynasty were also on par with them and was also considered a major force of the current era. Although the power of the Dragon Human Race had dipped in recent years, in terms of resources, they were on par with the Four Stars Sect. Now that they had the support of the Dragon Human Race and the ten thousand White-robed Divine Guards from the Human Race headquarters on their warships, the invincible Ye Qingyu who had already killed two Quasi-emperors definitely had the upper hand.

"Don't let the Black Moon Immortal Palace escape," Ye Qingyu ordered.

He absolutely detested this sect and in fact, his hatred toward them was even more intense than what he felt toward the Four Stars Sect.

His order was quickly communicated to the rest of the troops.

In the battlefield, soldiers faced off against soldiers while generals faced generals as the massacre began.

Rumble!

Countless black evil qi surged from the depths of the Four Stars Sect's gates and billowed like black clouds that could blot out the sun as it spread everywhere. Rays of evil black formations connected to form chains that surged from the spirit veins underneath every mountain peak. The shrill cries and howls of vengeful spirits could be heard from the black clouds. These figures were ugly and savage, and they were full of resentment and evil qi. They yelled loudly as they charged toward the White-robed Divine Guards and the Dragon Human army and it was obvious that this was an extremely evil dark army designed to kill.

"Have the Four Stars Sect been grooming evil spirits?"

"I don't think so… these are probably the innocent lives that they have captured and killed over the years, and their spirits were trapped by a dark formation after their death which ultimately resulted in the formation of these evil spirits."

"This was an abominably wicked technique."

"The Four Stars Sect ought to be punished."

"Oh, the Four Stars Sect that has built up such a righteous reputation over the past few millennia had already sunk to such evil depths without anyone realizing it. No wonder the previous Human Race spokesperson laid out the groundwork to launch a punitive expedition against them."

Countless experts who watched the battle unfold in the surrounding few thousand kilometers of the battlefield were both shocked and astonished. They found it hard to believe that a great sect like the Four Stars Sect had already let themselves be corrupted by the dark forces without anyone realizing it. This was definitely not a coincidence and at the thought of how the same thing could be already happening within many other sects was extremely horrifying.

The various experts finally understood the [Ice Sword Killing God’s] efforts in ridding the Human Race of evil.

He had acted quickly and decisively.

If they had been in Ye Qingyu's position, they would probably have wavered and hesitated to attack since attacking their fellow race would attract lots of criticisms and censure from the surrounding forces and sects.

The battle was fierce and intense in the void.

The Four Stars Sect's army had retreated at the first instance and hid behind the formation of their sect gate while the White Cloud Warships and the Dragon Human warships attacked the sect gate formation incessantly. Terrifying energy waves exploded in the void and the destruction caused by the military forces was so horrific that the earth trembled and there were also light formation masters who laid out various expelling formations that unleashed vast rays of light that continued to cleanse the void from vengeful spirits that charged at them.

The terrifying power of the elite troops was clearly displayed in the battlefield.

The soldiers and White-robed Divine Guards operated like a well-oiled machine as they went on a killing rampage.

The Four Stars Sect were forced into a corner and could only counter reactively. They caused one lone peak after another to explode and the earth trembled while the spirit veins underground already sustained some damage.

The war god of the Dragon Human Race, Xu Wuya had spent his entire life on the battlefield and had also been through all kinds of battles of varying intensities. He had annihilated many sects and dynasties, so he was the perfect person to lead the battle troops. With the support of the White-robed Divine Guards, the large army slowly advanced and gradually crushed their enemy. They slowly encroached onto the sect gate's territory from the outside and moved forward one inch at a time. Their tactic was not to aim for success but to make no mistakes as they advanced, and thus they made their way forward steadily. While this tactic would take time, it slowly eroded at the rage and combat will of those at the Four Stars Sect…

Time ticked by.

An hour later, the Four Stars Sect had lost half their territory.

The elite and core disciples of the sect had sought refuge in the middle of the true sect gate and pinned their hopes on the activation of the final formation.

However, everyone could tell that the Four Stars Sect was as good as defeated.

It was only a matter of time before the sect gate fell.

In the void.

Ye Qingyu stood in front of the divine temple, his black hair dancing in the wind as he stood majestically.

He took several more Deathlike Pills.

The successive activation of the Geng Metal Pill and the winged swords had not only sapped him of most of his yuan qi but also left his body and spirit extremely exhausted. The Deathlike Pills would not be able to replenish everything, so he would need time to recuperate and would not be able to join in the battle. Nonetheless, based on what he could see, it was clear that victory was theirs and there was no need for him to attack at all.

The elderly Quasi-emperor had also returned to stand by his side.

This elderly Quasi-emperor of the Human Race looked at Ye Qingyu strangely, clearly still shocked by how he managed to kill two Quasi-emperors single-handedly.

"I had thought that I was bound to die on the battlefield today. I never imagined that I could have walked out of this place alive," the elderly man exclaimed.

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, "Senior, your divine authority is matchless and as a Quasi-emperor of the current era, why would you die on the battlefield? The dust has not settled yet and we'll still need to rely on your support to hold the fort for the Human Race."

"You're all the Human Race needs. My presence is no longer required," the elderly Quasi-emperor said, looking very content.

After today's battle, not a single force, race, nor sect in this world would dare to oppose Ye Qingyu. He had become a legend in his own right by killing two Quasi-emperors in succession and was also now invincible throughout the world. He now had the ability to destroy any force at all and fully matured. He was now supported by the Heaven Wasteland Empire, the Human Race headquarters and the Dragon Human Race, so he would be the most powerful figure in terms of both individual prowess and the men he commanded.

Ye Qingyu had accomplished what both [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and himself had failed to do.

"I had planned to go to the Dark Realm to witness history for myself," the elderly Quasi-emperor's eyes flashed ambitiously but soon, this fire died as he continued, "But on second thought, I gave up on this idea. I haven't got much time left, so I should return home and live out the rest of my days with my relatives and visit some friends. I have led a long life and witnessed my best friends die one at a time, I was helpless to save my beloved and also buried multiple generations of my descendants. I've already experienced all the things I should have and shouldn't have and I haven't got many friends left in the world. The person I care most about is Lu Wei – he is the most innately talented of the Lu family and I kept him sealed within an origin crystal shortly after he was born to keep him from the passage of time. I only released him from the crystal 16 years ago. My friend, I hope that you'll take good care of him."

"Senior, don't worry about that," Ye Qingyu agreed with a nod.

He had high expectations of Lu Wei as well. This young man might be a little stubborn and arrogant, but he could distinguish right from wrong and had a heroic spirit. Furthermore, he was the most talented young man that Ye Qingyu had come across, so after he matured, he would definitely become a great pillar of the Human Race. He was thus one of the talents that Ye Qingyu was grooming in secret.

"Very well," the elderly Quasi-emperor could finally rest assured that his grandson would be in good hands.

If Ye Qingyu were to look out for him, no one in this world would be able to bully his favorite grandson who he had such high expectations of.

"I heard you were looking for several people but you've yet to find any clues," the elderly Quasi-emperor said.

Ye Qingyu nodded and said, "I haven't heard from some of my friends after our adventure at the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, neither have I been able to find any traces of them at all. It is just as though they have completely vanished from this world, so I was a little worried. However, I think I've figured out where they've gone recently."

"I could use my Emperor Detection Technique to help you with your mission," the elderly Quasi-emperor said with a smile.

The Emperor Detection Technique was a technique that could only be mastered by Quasi-emperors and Martial Emperors. They could draw on the power of laws to make certain interferences on all living creatures and could detect their traces and this was the magical ability that Emperors had.

Ye Qingyu paused and wavered for a moment but soon, he shook his head and said, "Many thanks for the offer but I've already found out where they are."

If the elderly Quasi-emperor used the Emperor Detection Technique, it would place an immense toll on his spirit and yuan qi. This would be an effortless task if he were at his prime, but the battle today had taken a lot out of his foundation and life force. He was only left with six months to live and if he were to exert the Emperor Detection Technique, he would probably be left with less than a month to live. Ye Qingyu did not want his elderly hero to waste his life force on his own personal matters.

"Very well," the elderly Quasi-emperor nodded. "I'll get going then."

Then, he disappeared from the spot.

Under such circumstances, he would instill more fear if he disappeared from view than if he remained where he was.

A Quasi-emperor who lurked in the shadows would be even more advantageous to the battle than a Quasi-emperor who remained visible.

Rumble!

There was an ear-splitting explosion.

The earth shook and mountains trembled.

The explosion caused the defensive energy shield in the void to break apart in large shards.

"We've broken past their defenses!"

Cheers rang out from the Dragon Human Race army and the White-robed Divine Guards.

They had broken past the Four Stars Sect's final defensive mountain formation.

"Charge!" the War God Xu Wuya waved his war flag.

His large army charged toward the Four Stars Sect's sect gate like quicksilver spilling over the ground.

The experts who surrounded the Four Stars Sect watching the battle unfold were instantly overcome with greed.

This was the sect gate of the Four Stars Sect and there would definitely be many treasures, secret techniques, resources, and divine weapons to be found within it. Nobody would usually even think of raiding this place, but now that the sect gate had fallen, they could use this chance to sneak in and they might even be able to find some heaven-defying treasure within the sect gate. This was a rare opportunity and would probably only happen once in a thousand years. If they could find a way to join in the battle by claiming that they want to destroy the Four Stars Sect, all these treasures could be within their reach!

"Charge!"

"We must not lose this opportunity!"

"He he, this might be an internal battle between the Human Race, but we stand to gain while they are fighting it out."

"What a great opportunity this is."

These figures charged toward the sect gate like rays of flowing light.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1087:


Chapter 1102 - I'll Give You an Explanation in the Future


"Get lost!" a general from the Dragon Human army roared.

When the leader of the White-robed Divine Guards, Tang Chong saw what had happened, he was also enraged. These foreign race experts were completely shameless in their attempt to profit from this battle. "Whoever dares to enter the sect gate today will become an enemy of the Human Race headquarters. Please leave immediately and refrain from committing this grave mistake."

Several experts hesitated.

The large majority of them were not deterred but instead charged forward and said, "We're here to help."

"Exactly, there's great enmity between the Four Stars Sect and ourselves, so we're here to seek revenge today. These are the unspoken rules of the martial world, so you can't stop us."

"That's right. The Four Stars Sect killed my father, so I have to avenge his death."

Many experts had found excuses and frantically swarmed toward the Four Stars Sect's sect gate, heedless of the warnings from the Dragon Human Race and the White-robed Divine Guards.

Many of these experts from the foreign race were overcome with greed for the treasures that could be found within the Four Stars Sect.

The Dragon Human Race and the White-robed Divine Guards attempted to stop them, but they were helpless against the crowd.

The battlefield soon descended into a state of chaos.

"How despicable!" the haughty young man Lu Wei trembled in rage. He was still rather inexperienced when it came to the ways of the world and had never encountered such a situation before.

The successor of the White Jade Capital's eyes also flashed with anger under her veil.

These experts of the foreign races had gone too far. They were clearly making up lies to try to get their hands on a piece of the pie at the last moment.

These experts had decided that the potential benefits they stood to gain far outweighed the risks they were facing.

Suddenly, a voice rang out.

"Those who are not part of the Dragon Human Race army or the White-robed Divine Guards but insist on barging into the Four Stars Sect's sect gate shall be killed without pardon!" Ye Qingyu said coldly as he stood in front of the divine temple floating in the distance.

His voice did not contain any power of laws nor any authoritative force but those experts who lusted after the treasures within the Four Stars Sect immediately froze mid-air and did not dare to take another step forward. Their expressions were very uneasy because they could ignore the warnings of the Dragon Human army and the White-robed Divine Guards, but no one dared to defy the young man in white.

If he said that he would show no mercy, then they would all be dead.

Even Quasi-emperors were not spared from his sword, to say nothing of experts like themselves.

They were still hoping that the lofty [Ice Sword Killing God] would close an eye to such matters.

They were clearly mistaken.

Several experts retreated and immediately fled from the scene, afraid that the [Ice Sword Killing God] would bear a grudge against them in the future.

However, there were some others who hesitated.

A Heavenly Spirit Race expert paused for a moment, then he said, "My lord, we don't want to make an enemy out of you, but there's truly a deep enmity between the Heavenly Spirit Race and the Four Stars Sect. We hope that you'll let us join the battle to avenge the fallen from our race."

"Yes, there is a deep blood feud between our race and the Four Stars Sect."

"My lord, you might be incredibly powerful, but it wouldn't be right for you to stop us from exacting revenge."

"That would be too overbearing."

"Your actions would be no different from the overbearing nature of the Four Stars Sect in the past."

Several experts from the foreign races continued to stir up troubles and muttered complaints, hoping to gain the support of even more experts. After all, mass offenders are rarely persecuted before the law, so if they could gain strength in numbers, they could pressure Ye Qingyu in allowing them to join the battle. This would also mean that they were not openly defying him but were merely airing their grievances, so Ye Qingyu would probably not kill them just because they made several complaints, right? No matter how strong he was, he still needed the support and recognition of most of the forces since this was also a way to consolidate his position.

"How dare you. The Heavenly Spirit Race used to have the closest relations with the Four Stars Sect and you were once allies," Lin Yutang admonished them angrily.

He was well aware of how the situation had been.

These Heavenly Spirit Race experts bowed their heads, then they lifted their heads again and tried to defend themselves, "The Four Stars Sect had forced us to be their allies... We were not true allies and we were also oppressed and bullied by them, so we must exact revenge..."

"How shameless of you," Lin Yutang was livid.

Ye Qingyu smiled and stopped Lin Yutang from saying any more with a wave of his hand. He then turned toward this group of experts and sighed before he said, "You were afraid of the Four Stars Sect but you do not fear me. Do you really think that I won't be as overbearing as the Four Stars Sect?"

Those experts froze at his words.

They suddenly felt as though something terrible was about to happen.

Then, Ye Qingyu swept his hand across the sky and a ray of dazzling sword light appeared out of nowhere.

The several dozen experts who had been airing their complaints and trying to stir up trouble were instantly sliced into two by the sword light and fell like stalks of straw that were sliced by a sickle. Their bodies split apart easily before plummeting to the ground. Even in death, their expressions were still twisted savagely with greed. They could not believe right until their dying moment that he would kill them over their minor complaints.

The other experts shivered in fear at the sight and quickly retreated as though they were avoiding a poisonous serpent.

They felt as though their hearts had sunk to the bottom of an icy cave, and they suddenly realized that they had neglected a very important fact - the [Ice Sword Killing God] Ye Qingyu had never shown mercy and was well-known to be extremely ruthless, so he was clearly no pushover. They were simply courting death by trying to use the tactics that they used against those men who angled for fame. Why did they think that Ye Qingyu could be held ransom by their petty tricks?

Those who defied him had sealed their death sentence.

This was how the [Ice Sword Killing God] had always behaved. He did not mind killing several more experts regardless of the situation.

He regained complete control over the situation.

He sat in the middle of the Four Stars Sect's sect gate and overlooked the proceedings.

There were indeed countless precious and divine treasures and martial techniques manuals that the sect had collected for several millennia. The Four Stars Sect was also indeed very rich so he could understand why those experts from the foreign races had lusted after those riches but to him, these riches belonged to the Human Race and had to be kept within the Human Race. According to the agreement he struck with the Dragon Human Race, they would receive several origin crystals and raw materials as their reward, but he would not allow them to take those secret manuals and precious weapons.

There was a fierce battle within the sect gate.

They had received orders beforehand to not completely annihilate the sect, so they tried their best to not set the place on fire.

"I will spare those who surrender!"

"We'll only kill the leaders who committed evil, but we will spare the ordinary disciples."

These voices rang out from the Four Stars Sect's sect gate.

The disciples of the Four Stars Sect were in a state of extreme panic and reacted like dogs without a master. They had once destroyed countless sects and annihilated countless other forces over the past centuries, but they had never imagined that they would one day face the same fate. Their sect had reached new heights over the past few centuries and they had a Quasi-emperor on their side, which also meant that this was a golden age for their sect, so it was a huge blow for them to suddenly sink to such depths at their peak. They were both flustered and frightened, and completely lacked the will to battle on.

Many lower-ranked disciples put up a feeble attempt to resist, but ultimately chose to surrender.

As for the upper echelons of the sect, they could only choose to battle to the death.

The sect master of the Four Stars Sect faced off against Spokesperson Li once more. This time, he attacked with all his might and killing intent surged explosively from him. They both did not hold anything back in their attacks since there was no longer any room for negotiation. Furthermore, the sect master had once threatened Spokesperson Li with his daughter, so Spokesperson Li would definitely not let him escape this time...

Both parties soon sustained injuries.

The successor of the White Jade Capital joined forces with Li Shengyan to battle the Four Stars Holy Girl.

There was no longer any need to engage in one-on-one battles since everyone wanted the battle to end as soon as possible.

Soldiers battled soldiers.

Generals battled generals.

Lu Wei showed off his incredible strength to kill three of the Seven Sons in quick succession like an invincible killing god. He was then surrounded by four elders of the Four Stars Sect, but still managed to gain the upper hand.

Time ticked by.

The resistance within the sect gradually weakened.

"Ah..." there was a sharp cry as the sect master of the Four Stars Sect was seriously injured. His body was destroyed by Spokesperson Li and his spirit was also seriously damaged, so there was no way he could escape. He yelled angrily, "I refuse to admit defeat. I was supposed to be the hero of the Four Stars Sect and I could have ruled over everyone, but why? Why have the gods been so unfair?"

Then, his spirit dissipated.

Spokesperson Li's body was also riddled with injuries, but he still managed to kill the sect master. This showed how incredibly terrifying and highly-skilled the current spokesperson of the Human Race was.

The Four Stars Holy Girl had also sustained serious injuries.

She did her best to counterattack, but she felt death closing in on her.

"Why did things turn out this way?" the Four Stars Holy Girl asked resentfully.

The Four Stars Sect's camp was already extremely influential and this was why they managed to gain the support of a dark Quasi-emperor, but no one had expected Ye Qingyu to possess such a powerful secret weapon that had the ability to kill two Quasi-emperors in succession. This then caused the Four Stars Sect to crumble like quicksand."

Those were Quasi-emperors.

They were two Quasi-emperors.

She had thought that their strength and the resources that were accumulated over several millennia were enough for the Four Stars Sect to reign supreme over many forces in this world and that they could even claim that they were invincible, but who could have expected that... the truth would turn out to be so cruel.

Swish!

There was a flash of silver light.

The successor of the White Jade Capital pierced the Four Stars Holy Girl's chest with her long sleeves.

Blood gushed from her mouth and she quickly retreated.

"Bitch, go to hell," the chubby Li Shengyan attacked ruthlessly and his golden hammers hummed as golden lightning and thunder appeared all over the skies. He couldn't wait to smash this woman into smithereens.

The Four Stars Holy Girl hastily retreated, but she was still struck by lightning. Her body turned as black as an ancient burnt tree bark.

She was stuck in a hopeless situation.

Death was about to close in on her.

Li Shengyan continued to attack furiously.

Suddenly, there was a strange ripple in the void that spread outwards to protect the Four Stars Holy Girl. The ripple swirled and was about to take her away...

Ye Qingyu looked down at this scene in the void and purple light circulated in his eyes as he unleashed the power of laws to lock in on that part of the void.

"Brother Ye Qingyu, she has already sustained serious injuries and is no longer a threat. Please spare her today and I promise that I will give the Human Race an explanation in the future," a voice rang out. Then, a phantom figure in golden armor appeared. This was Ye Qingyu's old friend and he pleaded sincerely for her life.

Ye Qingyu sighed and hesitated for a moment, but the purple qi finally faded from his eyes and everything in the void returned to normal.

The ripple in space flashed as that phantom figure brought the Four Stars Holy Girl away.

"Many thanks, Brother Ye Qingyu," the voice said gratefully before it disappeared.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1088:


Chapter 1103 Everyone is Singing

The Battle of the Four Stars Sect eventually concluded.

From thereon, the sect itself ceased to exist.



Ye Qingyu was thorough in rooting out evil, and he had no pity for the chief culprits who held important positions. He executed nearly all of the martial arts experts that were involved with the forces of darkness and the mid-level executives were forced to become soldiers. He did not make life too difficult for the disciples at the bottom of the sect's hierarchy, however. After all, they were not really able to influence things in the Four Stars Sect and were purely following orders.

In the end, Ye Qingyu held firm and did not instantly expunge the sect from the world.

This was because he had recalled their sincere request to "allow the Four Stars Sect to continue to exist in the world of the living" earlier on at Capital Sky Peak.

After all, the Four Stars Sect had once played a pivotal and influential role in the Human Race. Over the long course of the history of the humans, the sect had achieved great merit for their people. Furthermore, it was only a few millennia ago when their ranks had been infiltrated and annexed by the forces of darkness.

Not all of the members of the Four Stares Sect were evil.

After giving his keynote speech, Ye Qingyu ceased to involve himself in matters pertaining to the Four Stars Sect. It was complicated, messy, and tedious, and he felt that the task was best suited for the Spokesperson and the White-robed Divine Guards of the Human Race. The Dragon Human Race would help them with it, and the Heaven Wasteland Empire had also dispatched a few important officials to observe and assist the humans. One of them was Luo Yi, the personal bodyguard of Ye Qingyu.

After that, Ye Qingyu returned back to Heaven Connect City.

He had purchased the supposedly haunted [Guanlan Mountain Manor] situated in the city, but he had not arranged for any renovations to be done. He moved in alone and casually repaired one of its main halls. After doing some simple cleaning, it became his quarters.

Originally, the rundown [Guanlan Mountain Manor] was on the shortlist of possible staging areas that Tang Chong gave Ye Qingyu to choose from. Rumor had it that an anonymous Quasi-emperor once resided in the manor, but no one knew where he had gone. Eight prodigies had taken a liking to it, but unfortunately, all of them went insane not long after they moved in. As such, the vast manor, which was surrounded by greenery and great scenery, was abandoned and eventually became a dump.

Ye Qingyu was a little motivated to buy the manor during that time, but unfortunately, he did not have enough influence then, so he had not dared to take the risk and ended up choosing the Stone Building. Now, as he already had some confidence in himself, he decided to come to the manor personally to take a look. Right from the start, he made some discoveries.

Of course, he did it only out of convenience.

His main goal of going to [Guanlan Mountain Manor] was to recuperate in solitude and train hard for a period of time. He wanted to completely digest everything he gained from the battle with the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect and head to the Dark Realm when Spokesperson Li had settled all matters pertaining to the sect, and after the situation of his own race was completely stable.

It was completely peaceful in [Guanlan Mountain Manor] for a few consecutive days.

Ye Qingyu did not train in self-isolation like ordinary warriors. Instead, he developed a few barren plots of land in the manor and planted various crops in them. His parents had died when he was young, and he had done plenty of things to survive. He was no stranger to this kind of farm work.

He irrigated the fields and tidied up the derelict yard by himself. He did not use any of his martial prowess, but performed all the chores like an ordinary civilian, manually moving each tile and brick, and cutting and trimming all the grass and branches slowly...

He started work at dawn and rested only when it was dusk.

At night, he rested in the ruinous main hall of the manor with his clothes on. His expression was relaxed and he looked as though he was enjoying himself.

He felt as though he had returned to his most primal state. All throughout the interior of the [Guanlan Mountain Manor], it was incredibly peaceful, and there was no outside noise to distract him. Ye Qingyu had completely forgotten about living by the sword, as if he was going to lead the life of a hermit.

No one dared to come to [Guanlan Mountain Manor] to disturb him.

...

The excitement in the Vast Thousand Domains had reached a fever pitch while Ye Qingyu was living in seclusion within [Guanlan Mountain Manor].

The defeat of the Four Stars Sect!

Two Quasi-emperors had been slain by the [Ice Sword Killing God]!

Every faction that got the news was instantly dumbfounded.

The results were entirely different from their initial predictions.

At first, they thought that the Four Stars Sect had a slight advantage in the battle, and that no matter who won in the end, it would drag on for a long time. Since time immemorial, any battle between any two major factions in the Vast Thousand Domains had lasted for a protracted period of time.

Many people with good sources of information had simulated the battle countless times before it began, and all of them believed that there would be no definite ending to it. Ye Qingyu would not be able to withstand the onslaught of the Four Stars Sect, while they could not do anything to the unpredictably strong Ye Qingyu. It was common knowledge.

However...

However, the eventual conclusion of the battle perplexed and shocked them.

As news of Ye Qingyu's victory spread, many people began to understand that there would soon be huge changes in the balance of power in the Vast Thousand Domains.

The destruction of the Four Stars Sect not only meant that a top-ranked sect of the Human Race had been crushed, but it also symbolized the beginning of the end of all of the human sects. Ye Qingyu, who represented the headquarters of the Human Race, had risen, and his meteoric rise was not only because his name had become extremely popular of late. It also meant that he had no match, and that the time of the humans would soon come to the Vast Thousand Domains.

Who else but a Martial Emperor could handle Ye Qingyu?

In the same vein, who else could go against the headquarters of the Human Race?

Who else could fight with the Heaven Wasteland Empire?

The other races, factions, and sects that had once clashed with the Heaven Wasteland Empire were now feeling restless and worried. Their key decision makers had many sleepless nights and kept waking up from nightmares to find themselves drenched in cold sweat.

Many other races and factions tried all ways and means to get in the good books of the Heaven Wasteland Empire.

Outside the Heaven Wasteland Building were dozens of long queues. There were so many leaders of important factions that were waiting to see the Great Dragon Turtle Demon, but after waiting for up to five days, even they could not be guaranteed an audience with him.

There were even many sects, races, and empires that had sent representatives to the Heaven Wasteland Domain to introduce themselves to Empress Yu Xiaoxing in the hopes of forming an alliance with her empire. They were willing to do the bare minimum to aid in the development of the kingdom.

Those empires that had acted high and mighty when they rejected signing the free-trade agreements with the Heaven Wasteland Empire were now panicking. They sent emissaries to apologize on behalf of their nations and sincerely requested to cooperate with the empire now. However, all of them were asked to return empty-handed.

In the past, they had treated the Heaven Wasteland Empire like dirt, but now, it was in a completely different league from them.

This was the reality for them now.

Even the headquarters of the Demon Race sent their representatives to make peace with their human counterparts. They even disposed of the commanders of the Black Guards that had taken part in surrounding the White-robed Divine Guards as a proper sign of goodwill. The headquarters of the other races also did likewise and presented themselves as humble and friendly.

The balance of power in the entire Vast Thousand Domains had changed.

As for the humans, it was inevitable that their dream of a golden age had come true. The status of their kind had greatly increased in every domain, and they could now walk openly in the streets without fear of harassment. The major factions that had kept a huge amount of human slaves in the past released them and were even willing to compensate them by demarcating out autonomous zones for humans, as well as offering to help them build their new homes with no strings attached...

"It's been so many years, sob... Finally, our people have produced a great figure of repute," an old human martial arts expert, who had been held captive and forced to work in a dark mine thousands of meters deep, cried with joy as he walked out of the underground cave and managed to see bright sunlight again.

"Now, the Heavenly Spirit Race will not dare to raid and raze our lands at will again... We're safe." The human civilians in a small principality situated in the Heavenly Spirit Domain exclaimed joyously. They had suffered from constant and callous bullying from the Heavenly Spirit Race, and they rejoiced by lighting bonfires and celebrating throughout the entire night in the square of their main city. The nightmare that had been plaguing their sleep was finally gone.

"Lord Ye Qingyu is the hero of our people and our savior!"

"May the Heavens protect Lord Ye Qingyu, I hope he'll live eternally!"

"Human martial artists of our generation should take Lord Ye Qingyu as an example and focus on improving themselves, training hard, and protecting their fellow human beings to repay their good fortune of being born in this era."

"Mum, when I grow up, I want to become a big hero like Lord Ye Qingyu!"

Similar words were spoken in every corner of the Vast Thousand Domains that was populated by humans. They spread like wildfire, and even the myriad races that resided in isolated off-worlds came to know about the huge shift in power. The fearsome reputation of Ye Qingyu, the [Ice Sword Killing God], was reverberating throughout the entire universe now.

Places like the Heaven Wasteland Domain, the Youyan Pass, Deer City, and White Deer Academy, where Ye Qingyu used to live and had fought before, became locations where countless talents from later generations came to make pilgrimage. The locals were overjoyed and danced with joy every day, while countless martial arts experts from foreign domains came swarming into their towns and lands to experience for themselves the path that Lord Ye Qingyu had walked.

The reputation of the [Ice Sword Killing God], Ye Qingyu, engulfed the entire Vast Thousand Domains, stirring up an unstoppable windstorm wherever it reached.

...

In the blink of an eye, one month had passed.

Ye Qingyu did not know what had happened outside of the manor.

He had kept all of his martial aura contained while he was within [Guanlan Mountain Manor] and worked from dawn to dusk. He never thought about cultivating his martial arts skills, but kept himself busy with tidying up and repairing the manor, clearing out the weeds and broken pieces of rocks, reconnecting the drainage, and drawing water. He even worked as a stonemason and created stone sculptures. For the past month, he had behaved like an ordinary person, and his heart had been as calm as still water.

This did not mean that he was slacking, however.

That was because Ye Qingyu had clearly felt that a mysterious power from Nature herself was congregating toward his body as time passed. It was not any kind of spiritual or magical force, but seemed more like imperial qi. It was formless, invisible, and could not be detected by his spirit, but somehow he could sense its presence. It kept congregating and he could not keep it from seeping into his body and limbs. It merged with each cell of his body, even successfully melding into his spirit.

It was an extremely strange and wonderful feeling.

Ye Qingyu had roughly guessed the reason for this strange phenomenon.

This is the power of faith and remembrance... The people are thanking me and praying for me. Their blessings and conviction are congregating on me. This invisible power will not help me improve my level of cultivation or increase my lifespan, but it can change the course of destiny!

That thought flashed into his mind.

Suddenly, he had a small inkling of the secret to becoming a Great Emperor.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

