Chapter 697:


Chapter 715 - Two Choices

The space beyond a thousand meters deep within the demon qi-plagued abyss became nebulous despite Ye Qingyu's present strength.

All they could hear were the growls and shrieks which rang out from time to time as if threatening all beings which tried to enter the Black Demon Pool.

"Let's go ahead and enter the Black Demon Pool. The third zone is the reception zone where we can station." Yan Wushuang pointed at the steps which seemed like the road to hell.

Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing followed closely behind him, while the other experts, too, formed a line and walked toward the depths of the abyss.

The flame-like black demon qi which surrounded them was deeply unsettling.

"Woof, I hate this sort of environment." Seeming upset, the silly dog laid on Ye Qingyu's shoulder and waggled its pink nose.

After the time it took for an incense stick to burn off.

On the plaza in the third zone of the Black Demon Pool.

The demon qi on the vast black plaza was even richer than that in the labyrinthine realm. The black-red slabs which paved the plaza even contained streams of surging, red-glowing magma.

As soon as they reached the third zone, several experts among the contingent found it difficult to withstand the power of the terrifying black demon qi. Their inner breaths were affected and their faces revealed a painful look. They had no choice but to operate their yuan qi and sit still to correct their breathing.

"It's so hot..." Yan Wushuang, still smiling, looked at the space within the third zone while continually wiping sweat off his face using one hand.

The so-called third zone was just another underground space within the abyss. Similar to any underground city, beings of all races came and went hurriedly, their faces displaying a vigilance. Most beings chose to conceal their faces, and thus wore masks or covered themselves in mist.

The buildings in all directions appeared ghostly and gloomy.

There were black towers and underground tunnels that led to unknown places.

Aside from several large plazas on which all kinds of hawkers sold their wares loudly, the other parts were very quiet. A pale black demon qi pervaded throughout, making the whole environment seem oppressive, gloomy and unlike any opther place they had been to.

Compared to the bright and beautiful Sunrise City, this place was simply a living ghost town.

Just like the last time, the envoy mission chose to set up camp on a plaza.

Their arrival attracted attention from the experts of a hundred races.

Yan Wushuang seemed very cautious.

He engraved several extremely prominent symbols of the Alliance of Domains on the camp's exterior, so as to remind the experts of various races, who were looking from all sides covetously, that this place was protected by the Alliance of Domains.

Two beacons, of which one was red and the other silver, and which were engraved with the symbol of the Alliance's special envoys, fluttered in the air above the camp. They dispersed the surrounding black demon qi, and could be seen dazzlingly throughout the third zone.

Everything was swiftly put in proper place.

"Elder Yan, do we have to go anywhere now to receive information on the test content and methods?" Ye Qingyu asked.

Until this point, nobody knew the content for the Black Demon Pool test. And because the environment was vastly different from the Sunrise City, neither did they know where to go to receive such information.

Yu Xiaoxing nodded her head, saying, "Exactly. Time is pressing, and so may we request that Elder Yan bring us to meet the reception official of Black Demon Pool."

"No rush, no rush..." Yan Wushuang shrugged and smiled, saying, "There's no need to go receive anything. You'll understand in a while."

After the time it took to drink a cup of tea.

The other elder Shuang Wuyan, who had gone missing after entering the Black Demon Pool, returned to the third zone.

With his body emanating an intense chill, he entered the main tent and, without saying a word, threw a golden pentagonal token which gave off a faint halo at Ye Qingyu.

The moment that Yan Wushuang, who had been waiting in the tent while fanning himself with his sleeves, saw that the token was golden-colored, his brows unconsciously frowned and a distinct hint of heaviness flashed across his pupils.

As soon as the token fell into his hands, Ye Qingyu could feel that it contained a terrifying and strange power.

He injected a tinge of ice power into the token.

The five edges of the token instantly sparkled in a golden brilliance, while five streams of black demon qi suddenly surged into space before them, where they converged into a lump before unfolding slowly, and subsequently, what seemed like a black phantom scroll appeared in front of everyone.

The scroll contained an introduction of the Black Demon Pool and an account of its development process. These were written in the script of the Black Demon Race, while translations into human script were provided at the margins. Their main points were similar to what the reception elders had already mentioned.

"This time, you all may choose from two different test methods." After sweeping a glance through the scroll, Yan Wushuang explained things to Ye Qingyu and the rest and casually waved a hand toward the scroll.

As it slowly moved, new phantom images and text gradually appeared on it.

"Look, this is a ranking list of valuable and rare vegetation which grows only in the Black Demon Pool - the Black Demon Pool Demon Plant List. Your task this time is hidden on this list," Yan Wushuang said smilingly.

Everyone carefully scanned the phantom scroll.

Listed were dozens of different kinds of vegetation which they had never seen before in the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

At the top of the list was a plant named [Black Ice Haworthia Cooperi].

Judging from its shape, it looked like a cluster of black ice crystals which were rounded and extremely translucent.

The accompanying text said that this plant only grew on the cliffs of the Black Demon Pool's eighteen zones and had a strong vitality. However, if yuan qi power came into contact with it during the picking process, it would instantly turn into black stone and lose its effect.

The second-placed plant was called the [Saha Flower].

It had black leaves and a black stalk, which was as thin as thread, and on the top of which hung five black fruits that had many holes and bumps.

These fruits could be consumed only by beings of the Black Demon Race, whose demon qi would be magically enhanced. However, if beings of other races consumed these fruits, their yuan spirit would be inhibited and they risked falling into the path of the demon.

After careful examination and comparison, Ye Qingyu discovered that the phantom images and text of the third-placed plant carried a golden-edged sheen, evidently being highlighted by a strange energy.

The herb which was especially highlighted had a very peculiar shape.

Nine broad dark-red leafs were covered with a layer of silver fluff. At first glance, it looked like the tails of a nine-tailed fox.

Yan Wushuang laughed as he gave an introduction to everyone, "The [Black Demon Herb] is ranked third on the Demon Plant List. It's not only valuable and rare, but after purification, it would incredibly enhance the cultivation of any being, however... it grows only in the 16th zone and thereafter."

"Bring back ten Black Demon Herbs and hand them to the Black Demon Race. This is one of the test choices." Shuang Wuyan suddenly opened his mouth and spoke in a chilly voice.

Everyone gulped a mouthful of cold air.

According to the introduction by the two elders and on the token, the eighteen zones of the Black Demon Pool were each more terrifying and dangerous than the previous one.

Though they had only reached the third zone, a small number of envoys already could not withstand the demon qi and were no longer in fighting shape. It was thus hard to imagine how mysterious and frightening the 16th zone and beyond would be.

Furthermore, the extreme danger and difficulty of this test meant that human wave tactics were no longer suitable. This was undoubtedly a huge blow to the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

"One of the test choices? Do we have other choices? Elder Yan, what's the second test?" Yu Xiaoxing seemed somewhat glum.

"Hoho, the second test choice will require a long explanation. I first have to show you the wanted list of the Alliance of Domains." Yan Wushuang flipped a palm, causing the phantom to undulate once more.

Several ranked names and accompanying phantoms abruptly appeared on the scroll.

"Over tens of millions of years, there've been many notorious and dangerous experts who possessed heaven-defying strength but committed countless felonies and misdeeds. They're being pursued by the Alliance of Domains, and had gone on exile as soon as they were put on the top wanted list. According to various reliable sources, a large number of them are hiding within the Black Demon Pool." Yan Wushuang narrated in an unhurried and smiling manner which reminded one of the Maitreya.

Ye Qingyu looked at the dozens of experts from different races on the wanted list. Every one of them was at the Immortal Step Realm and above, especially the top three felonies, who were beings at the pinnacle of said realm.

"Why would they hide here? Isn't this place administered by the Alliance of Domains?" Wen Wan looked at the list with some suspicion.

"Heh heh... this place is indeed administered by the Alliance, but... but it's special..." There was something unusual in Yan Wushuang's smile.

"Oh? How is it special?" Ye Qingyu's eyes remained fixed on the scroll as he carefully studied every person on the wanted list.

"The Black Demon Pool is the only one among the nineteen cities of chaos to not have any laws and centralized governance," Shuang Wuyan spoke at a length which was rare for him.

No laws and governance?!

Everyone looked shocked.

"To put it simply, whoever's fist is harder... is the one gets to talk... this is a pit of vice, a paradise of chaos. Anyone would be able to live here as long as one doesn't provoke the Black Demon Race. The condition is that one has to be strong enough." Yan Wushuang hastily followed up.

The leaders in the main tent stared speechless at one another.

It was no wonder that the two elders behaved so cautiously and seriously upon entering the Black Demon Pool, and Shuang Wuyan even had to collect the token that contained the test tasks on their behalf.

This place was not controlled by any official or city lord, just like an ancient uncivilized domain.

In Sunrise City, the Violet Gold Divine Office was in charge of things, for better or worse. If there were any unforeseen circumstances, at least there were city laws and Alliance rules to speak of, and so the contingent could feel relatively secure.

Conversely, in the Black Demon Pool, it was entirely a matter of winning fights and getting one's way, or losing them and getting buried.

"No wonder those criminals would hide here, it's a place completely suited to their ilk." Luo Yi frowned.

"To outsiders, it's a dangerous and unpredictable place, but to insiders, it's a good place for committing vices and running wild." Ye Qingyu shook his head as if deep in thought and continued, "Does the second test have to do with them?"

"Yes. To pass the second test, you just have to enter the Black Demon Pool and hunt down and kill three felonies on the top wanted list of the Alliance of Domains," Yan Wushuang answered, smiling.

What?!

Hunt down three highly-wanted criminals from within the eighteen zones, and also kill them?!

Everyone looked at Yan Wushuang with an ‘are-you-kidding-me’ expression on their faces.

Yan Wushuang shrugged and looked at Shuang Wuyan.

Unusually calm, the latter nodded gently with his seemingly-frozen head, saying, "This is indeed the second possible task to pass the test."

"Heh heh... don't worry, at least you all have a choice... that has to be better than when Sunrise City directly gave you a most difficult task..." Yan Wushuang comforted everyone, still smiling.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 698:


Chapter 716 - Going Separate Ways

The plump elder finally said something sensible.

A discussion began among the group.

A while later.

Ye Qingyu, who kept staring at the black curtain of light, seemed to have some ideas. He turned his body to face Yu Xiaoxing, saying, "How about this, you lead the mission to take the next city's test, while I handle the people here in the Black Demon Pool."

The latter was taken slightly aback, but soon understood Ye's idea and gently nodded her head.

The terrain, environment, and test tasks of the Black Demon Pool were better off left to Ye Qingyu to handle alone. The other members of the envoy mission would not be of any help and would only be anxious and distressed if they remained here. Hence, the mission might as well travel to the next city and begin taking another test simultaneously instead. This way, they could save a lot of time.

This was indeed the most comprehensive way of dealing with the current situation.

"Brother, are you sure you don't want a single person to remain and assist you?" To one side, Ximen Yeshui winked his eyes in an eager manner.

"Exactly. A single tree can't grow a forest. Having one or two assistants will be good," Wen Wan added.

Ye Qingyu knew that they wished to stay with him and help him out during critical moments.

But he had his own ideas.

If he went alone, he would have no cares and could move as he pleased, allowing him to utilize many of his survival and escape techniques. If he brought along others instead, he would probably have to hold back to ensure their safety, and that certainly would not be ideal.

Moreover, Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui were important experts of the contingent, and so he would feel more assured if they followed beside Yu Xiaoxing.

However, to one side, Wuzhao Empress Yu Xiaoxing suddenly laughed as she turned her head toward the two reception elders and asked, "Elder Yan and Elder Shuang, I wonder if, according to the Alliance's rules, you two may split up and act separately?"

"Haha, I understand what Your Majesty means. Of course we may, hohohoho. Who do you intend to pick?" Yan Wushuang laughed with a profound meaning.

Everyone began to understand.

Yu Xiaoxing's idea was for a reception elder to follow Ye Qingyu. This way, the latter would have a safeguard and she could thus feel assured.

As a matter of fact, whichever of the two elders remained would be no different to Ye Qingyu.

His eyes brightened as he was quite agreeable with the idea.

Among the two reception elders, Shuang Wuyan was ice-cold, reticent, and reserved. If he was in charge of leading the contingent to the next city, they would learn very little about the test in advance. Instead, the chatterbox that was his elder brother, Yan Wushuang, would at least allow Yu Xiaoxing and the others to understand vital information regarding the next city.

After a brief hesitation, Ye Qingyu looked at Shuang Wuyan and said, smiling, "If that's the case, may Elder Shuang be kind enough to follow Junior?"

"Okay," the emaciated elder nodded expressionlessly.

A while later.

Empress Yu Xiaoxing ordered the envoy mission to decamp and announced that Yan Wushuang would be in charge of leading the contingent out of the Black Demon Pool and to the next city.

Ye Qingyu, who remained in the reception plaza of the third zone, changed into a hooded top which could cover his entire face in shadows before he went with Shuang Wuyan and advanced toward the depths of the Black Demon Pool.

In these depths, the Black Demon qi which pervaded the air was denser.

Under the cover of the Black Demon qi, even the surrounding laws of space were modified in bizarre ways. Ye Qingyu could clearly feel that the deeper within the Black Demon Pool he went, the more inhibited his inner yuan qi became. The air seemed to increase in viscosity, such that flying through the air or tearing the void was becoming increasingly difficult.

Together with the frosty, emaciated elder, he descended the primitively-designed spiraling steps along the cliffs of the abyss one step at a time.

Shuang Wuyan was a notorious miser with words and was as frosty as an iceberg. He followed behind Ye Qingyu without saying a word, his thoughts unknown.

Boom!

All of a sudden, Black Demon qi which was like surging a flaming black fountain as it spurted from the depths of the Black Demon Pool.

Baboomboom!

The noise was terrifyingly stupendous, sounding as if myriad Black Demons were roaring at the bottom of the abyss.

"This should be the legendary Black Demon tide." Ye Qingyu's countenance changed as he recalled the plump elder's words. He began operating yuan power to withstand the power of the Black Demon qi which abruptly broke out.

The martial emperor of the Black Demon Race had built the Black Demon Pool in the void of the Chaos, thereby forming one of the nineteen cities of chaos. This place thereafter became the race's ancestral land where countless Black Demons have lived.

The Black Demon Race was extremely peculiar among the races of the Vast Thousand Domains. It was said to be able to transform between substance and nothingness at will, while legend had it that the race was born in the Chaos and was previously a satellite race of the Demon Race, and thus was of low status. Later on, one of their people had reached the pinnacle and became a martial emperor, causing the race to rise abruptly and become eminent among the races of the Vast Thousand Domains.

Throughout the subsequent tens of millions of years, the Black Demon Race maintained its status as a strong and mysterious race.

It was said that on the day of their deaths, every expert of the race would jump into the depths of the Black Demon Pool and turn into a portion of the Black Demon qi that pervaded within. Thus, over these tens of millions of years, countless experts had blended into one with the Black Demon Pool. There was also a rumor that even the quasi-emperor of the race had jumped into the bottomless abyss.

Every four hours, the Black Demon qi in the abyss would spurt up like a volcanic eruption.

This was the most dangerous time in the Black Demon Pool.

If one was not careful and became engulfed by the surging Black Demon qi, one would have to peel off a layer of skin if one was a Great Saint-level expert or better, or would be instantly killed if one was below the Great Saint level.

The Black Demon Race was a very mysterious race.

Ye Qingyu reached the 10th zone of the Black Demon Pool a full four hours later.

Ye Qingyu took out the golden pentagonal token and injected it with his consciousness . After carefully reading it for some time, he did not continue along the stone steps, and instead left the steps and walked toward the depths of the 10th zone.

The 10th zone was undoubtedly more majestic compared to the 3rd zone, and seemed like an underground world which was situated in darkness.

With the aid of the giant rune lamps all around, Ye Qingyu was able to see the buildings and people of this underground world.

In the hidden alleys of the black buildings, the giant watchtowers, and the wide streets,  were all kinds of mysterious and odd shops that operated under the cover of the dark red demon qi. Hanging in front of the shops were small horns which were pre-recorded with rune sound formations which  continuously played advertising content.

The shocking thing to Ye Qingyu was that the young men who stood at the entrances of these restaurants and shops were loudly touting their businesses were all experts at the pinnacle of the Heaven Ascension realm.

He had thought his first glance was just a mistake, but after careful examination, he finally confirmed that those figures, which resembled the inn waiters in the Snow capital, were really top-level martial experts.

"Compared to Sunrise City, this place is even more like a true martial world, where martial experts live like common people..." Ye Qingyu's interest was piqued.

Furthermore, what was even more unexpected was that the 10th zone had a more populated community and greater prosperity than the 3rd zone despite being more dangerous, while experts from many different races could be seen everywhere. If one could neglect that immense power was surging in the bodies of these figures, one would really think that this place was just an ordinary city that was shrouded in twilight.

Following the directions provided by the golden pentagonal token, Ye Qingyu walked down a street and entered a building which looked similar to an administration hall.

By using the token here, he could look up detailed information regarding the felonies on the Alliance's wanted list, such as their strength, techniques, past exploits, and the places where and times when they were last spotted.

Detailed information on the [Black Demon Herb] could also be found out using the token.

Conducting a thorough research, he took a full two hours to remember everything at heart.

An even clearer plan gradually formed in his mind.

"This isn't the season when [Black Demon Herbs] flourish best, and so they might not be harvestable. It would probably be better to hunt down those wanted criminals... But, in that case, I've already miscalculated... I should've brought along that silly dog. Tracking and searching are that rascal's fortes after all."

Ye Qingyu slapped himself on his forehead.

"Perhaps, the Light Palace's [Map of the Universe] will be effective here. That'll make things a lot simpler if so."

A thought occurred to him..

Unbeknownst to everyone else, instead of remaining in the Heaven Wasteland Domain during this Alliance of Domains expedition, the Light Palace was shrunk and kept within his dantian world, and thus could be taken out to use at any time.

Ever since the little silver dragon turned into the spirit of the Light Palace, Ye Qingyu had become more adept at manipulating the Light Palace, and was already able to keep it inside his body and take it out to use at will. The powers of the Light Palace were being unearthed by him, little by little.

He left the administration hall, still deep in thought.

Shuang Wuyan followed behind him like a shadow.

"Someone's following us," the former murmured once they left the hall.

Ye Qingyu nodded to indicate that he was long aware.

Remaining unruffled, the duo walked toward the street at the far end.

As they traversed a main street, they vaguely felt that the aura following behind their backs was constantly disappearing and reappearing.

"They sure catch up quick. Could it be Huang Tayun's men?" Ye Qingyu thought to himself.

While in Sunrise  City, it was not to vent the anger in his heart that he killed Huang Lin in front of Huang Tayun and deliberately said those provocative words to the latter. If that was the case, those actions would have been meaningless and extremely foolish.

His real intention was to enrage Huang Tayun so that the latter would track and personally strike at him.

This way, he would have the opportunity to counter-kill.

In his view, Huang Tayun's suspicious behaviors were likely because of links to manipulators who plotted against the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corpsn in the dark, and the interference of the Wall of Storm could have been Huang Tayun’s doing as well. But since the master of the Violet Gold Divine Office trusted Huang Tayun and did not erase his memory, Ye Qingyu could not make use of the former to deal with him. The best solution was to draw him out of Sunrise City and capture him, and thereby find out the whereabouts of those enemies which hid in the dark.

Ye Qingyu believed that, given Huang Tayun's temperament, he would certainly be on the pursuit having been repeatedly insulted.

Moreover, based on a report from the men deployed in [Refine  Armor], Huang Tayun had decided to go into self-isolation, which was probably just a cover-up for him to travel to the Black Demon Pool in secret.

The only thing Ye Qingyu did not expect was that Huang Tayun would be so impatient and would act so soon.

There were some doubts in his heart.

Without saying a word, he suddenly turned his body upon reaching the end of a main street and walked toward an extremely obscure alley.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 699:


Chapter 717 - [Bloodthorn Hall]

In accordance with the black theme that dominated the architectural style of the Black Demon Pool, the alley was made using an unknown type of black rock which could pass for black iron. Black Demon qi enveloped the extremely narrow alley, which could accommodate at most two or three people walking shoulder to shoulder and had a length of several hundred meters. There was nobody else within, and it was so quiet that one could hear a pin drop.

Ye Qingyu and the emaciated elder trudged along the alley, one behind the other.

There were a very limited number of formation lamps, which gently fluttered along with the Black Demon qi, within the spooky alley that seemed like a passageway to the realm of ghosts.

However, several steps in, the airflow in the alley began to change slightly.

"Murderous spirit?"

Under his hood, the corners of Ye Qingyu's mouth twitched before arching upward.

The exposure of murderous spirit meant that the comer was not Huang Tayun.

But even so, this person was probably closely related to the latter.

Ye Qingyu had anticipated this. Given Huang Tayun's craftiness, he would certainly not be so quick to act in person.

Soon, the entire alley was pervaded by an increasingly terrifying and dense murderous spirit.

A withered stalk dropped from the top of a wall. When it was ten meters away from Ye Qingyu and a meter above ground, a dark force suddenly seemed to sweep into it and instantly turned it into powder.

Yet there was still no one else in the alley.

Bursting forth like a violent and furious wave, the originally invisible murderous spirit stirred the airflow and, accompanied by the Black Demon qi in the surroundings, turned into extremely powerful, tentacle-like air waves that surged toward Ye Qingyu and Shuang Wuyan.

Just then...

Swish swish swish.

Rapid air-breaking noises rang out.

Gleaming in flowing light, several figures darted forth.

Dozens of ghosts resembling masked black shadows showed up in a flash.

Under the dim lights, sharp dark-colored weapons which were barely visible swarmed toward Ye Qingyu.

A terrifying murderous spirit instantly began to spread like a bloody rainstorm.

As if unaware, Ye Qingyu continued to saunter on without even raising his head.

Neither did Shuang Wuyan have any sort of reaction.

With his head lowered, he followed unhurriedly at an arm's length behind Ye Qingyu.

The latter was apparently just about to be minced by the tempest of dark blades that came out of nowhere.

Suddenly and inconspicuously, countless crystal-like ice cones flew out of the void without making a sound.

Controlled by a strange and invisible power, the ice cones spun rapidly and, at a lightning-fast and undetectable speed, raised a magnificent and resplendent beam of glittering starlight that shot forth within the dark alley.

The bodies of the ice cones were sparkling and translucent, and appeared to be much harder than age-old ice.

Above their sharp ice tips was a radiance which resembled the shine of bright stars and which could be indistinctly seen to contain a trace of the power of laws that governed every phenomenon of the universe.

"Ah!"

Puff!

Several successive brief cries of pain and horror mingled with the noises of flesh being perforated and blood splattering.

It took only an instant for the seven or eight assassins, who were originally as quick as lightning, to become motionless. Their bodies remained static in midair, as if they had been frozen still in extremely weird postures upon being struck by the ice cones.

Bam!

Several noises, like that of ice cracking violently, abruptly rang out.

The struck assassins instantly turned into ice chips which were as fine as dust, and which dispersed all around Ye Qingyu and Shuang Wuyan.

But an even stranger scene ensued.

Instead of dissipating into the void, all of the ice chips converged in a bizarre trajectory and transformed into ice statues. Emanating a similar chill to that of Shuang Wuyan, these statues stood neatly behind him and seemed as if they would attack their former companions as soon as they were ordered to!

This was the first time Ye Qingyu personally witnessed the strength of Shuang Wuyan in action.

Standing beside the emaciated elder whose yuan qi was worked up, Ye Qingyu's every blood vessel and all of his qi and blood, as well as his entire dantian world, were affected by the power and oppression which had indistinctly suppressed everything in the surroundings.

He could clearly feel that an extremely terrifying yuan qi power was surging throughout his entire body.

For a time, even he could not control this surging power.

It was only after this incident that Ye Qingyu realized why the Alliance of Domains only deployed two reception elders, who invariably and sincerely pledged that they could protect the life and safety of the envoy mission, and why, at the Wall of Storm test site, these two elders were completely indifferent to the appearance of the Office master, such that they did not even greet him. It was increasingly clear that their statuses were absolutely extraordinary.

In the meantime.

Discharging an incomparable yuan qi power, Shuang Wuyan resembled a killing god who was standing still in icy mist.

"[Bloodthorn Hall]? I never thought people would engage you all to attack... however, you must not know your limits if youl dare to touch anyone protected by the Alliance of Domains!" The frosty voice of the emaciated elder rocked the narrow alley.

Indistinct ripples appeared in the distant darkness.

They seemed like the ripples caused by a snakehead diving underwater.

[Bloodthorn Hall]?!

Ye Qingyu's heart budged a little.

The pentagonal token recorded several details about the [Bloodthorn Hall].

It was a mysterious assassin organization which dwelled in the Black Demon Pool for several thousand years, and its notoriety was one of the highest ranked within the Alliance of Domains. One of its killers, who was said to be able to rival a quasi-emperor, had assassinated three Great Saint-level experts and had been a felon on the Alliance's top wanted list.

These assassins are [Bloodthorn Hall] men.

Did Huang Tayun engage them?

Or...

In the distance.

"Kekeke!" A laughing voice which sounded like the friction of rusted iron emerged and drifted indeterminately within the alley, "Old thing, you think the Alliance of Domains is really powerful? Kekekeke, in these hard times, whoever pays gets to be god... Old Shuang, you'd better scram. The client doesn't want your life, so don't impede your brethren's means of making money. I won't get paid if I kill you by accident, that would be so unfair!"

"Ho, you know me? More and more bad eggs are appearing among the younger generation of the [Bloodthorn Hall] indeed. You dare talk like this in front of an old man like me... die!" Two beams of piercingly cold light flashed across Shuang Wuyan's pupils.

In a twinkling, thousands upon thousands of ice crystals once again formed and pierced through the void.

Meanwhile, the ice statues standing behind Shuang Wuyan suddenly revived and struck toward the assassin.

"Keke, Old Man Shuang, you win this time. Take good care of that bastard, his head is the [Bloodthorn Hall's] for sure." As if he did not want to tussle with Shuang Wuyan, the assassin in the nothingness decided to leave.

Ripples twinkled in the void.

The other dozens of [Bloodthorn Hall] assassins who were hiding in the darkness, too, lost no time in leaving the alley.

"Hmph, it’s not so easy to run away!" In a bad mood, Shuang Wuyan was intent on killing. After transforming into a beam of lightning, he brought along the dozen-odd ice statues and gave chase.

"Wait..." By the time Ye Qingyu, who remained rooted on the spot, made his first utterance, everyone and their auras had completely vanished.

He laughed bitterly.

The entire alley was completely empty and seemed as if nobody but him had ever come around.

"This ice elder is so unreliable, didn't he say he would protect me... to think he'd be so easily lured away." Ye Qingyu did not know whether to laugh or cry.

He stood quietly for a while, observing the high walls on both sides and the streets at both ends of the alley.

A while later.

There were no attacks from other forces, and everything appeared extremely calm.

It seemed like the wave of assassins and killers had truly left.

I must say, the person hiding in the dark is certainly enduring enough.

A barely perceivable smile formed at the corners of Ye Qingyu's lips.

He continued to walk out of the alley, then left the 10th zone and headed even deeper into the Black Demon Pool.

A figure gradually emerged out of the Black Demon qi in the valley after Ye Qingyu left. It looked in the direction Ye Qingyu went, revealing a hideous and sinister smile on its face.

...

Two hours later.

In the 12th zone of the Black Demon Pool.

This zone was also an ancient ghost city.

Buildings constructed from black rock were scattered on both sides of the streets. As soon as Ye Qingyu arrived, every peddler and passerby took notice and looked with vigilance and hostility at the unexpected arrival of a person who walked by driftingly.

After looking all around for a while, Ye Qingyu's eyes brightened as they fixed on what seemed to be a small teahouse building.

He walked straight toward it, as if he had thought of something.

At the entrance of the teahouse.

Two waiters, who were both pinnacle Heaven Ascension realm experts, stood at the entrance greeting customers.

One of them wore a black-base blue gown while the other wore a black-base red gown. Their faces were covered with black-and-white makeup on one side, a strange sight indeed.

However, even stranger people and things would be considered normal here in the Black Demon Pool.

Having passed through the previous eleven zones, Ye Qingyu had become accustomed to the unusual.

He was welcomed into the teahouse by the two extremely hospitable waiters even before he had taken a proper look at the plaque outside.

In the teahouse.

"Judging from your demeanor and dress, you don't look like a native. Where are you from?" The waiter in the blue gown used a cloth to fan off the non-existent dust on a chair while warmly signaling to Ye Qingyu to take a seat.

The other waiter immediately prepared a tea, the aroma of which could only be produced by brewing over charcoal fire, and handed it in an odd-colored cup to Ye Qingyu. He said cheerfully, "Elder, you must be thirsty from the long journey down. Come, have a cup of [Sole Fish Black Tea], it's excellent for hydrating your body and quenching your thirst."

[Sole Fish Black Tea]?

Ye Qingyu frowned slightly.

The 40th-placed medicinal demon herb on the on the Black Demon Pool's Demon Plant List.

Although its body did not have any demonic properties, its leaf veins contained a unique aroma which attracted sole fish bugs from dozens of miles away to nibble on its leaves. The excrement of these bugs after the fact was one of the ingredients for preparing [Sole Fish Black Tea].

According to the Demon Plant List's records, this tea was indeed a very precious medicinal tea in the Black Demon Pool. In particular, it aided in the consolidation and development of the yuan qi of Black Demon beings who drank it regularly.

Ye Qingyu rapidly swept a glance across.

There were only two or three occupied, not to mention sparsely-occupied, tables in the large hall of the teahouse. Every guest was either shrouded in black mist or wearing a mask, such that their faces could not be seen clearly.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 700:


Chapter 718 - Assassinate, Assassinate, Assassinate

The teahouse was unusually quiet.

Everyone in the Black Demon Pool was accustomed to seeing people around them concealing their looks and cultivations, and so the other guests in the teahouse simply gave Ye Qingyu a casual glance when he entered.

The two waiters, one in blue and the other in red, did not walk away after serving his tea. With a warm smile on their faces, they stood at one side awaiting his order.

Having passed through so many zones, Ye Qingyu certainly did not think that the waiters were being this hospitable simply because there were few guests in the teahouse.

He ordered several common refreshments and handed over a small piece of top-level origin crystal.

The two waiters instantly laughed till they became two stalks of flowers and thanked him loudly. Subsequently, they cheered as they walked toward the backyard.

The shadow of the large hooded top covered Ye Qingyu's face.

He felt somewhat out of sorts after the waiters left.

It had not been easy for him to get to the 12th zone.

Shuang Wuyan had not returned ever since he pursued the killers from [Bloodthorn Hall]. Ye Qingyu had no choice but to proceed alone, and just a short while ago, he encountered a surprise attack.

Although the attackers apparently consisted of only a dozen-odd people, they were clearly a formidable and extremely highly-coordinated group.

During the fight, Ye Qingyu killed seven or eight of them, while the rest gave up and fled.

However, he suffered a small injury.

He had come to the teahouse to rest for a while and heal using his qi.

The open areas of the Black Demon Pool were fraught with danger. If one daringly tried to heal or cultivate in some random corner, a fatal attack or robbery would probably await them. Even Ye Qingyu dared not be negligent in this underground world which seemed peaceful but was actually fraught with killings and danger.

The waiters quickly brought on the refreshments.

As he drank his tea, Ye Qingyu secretly operated the nameless breathing technique to heal himself.

A wisp of faint silver mist curled around his entire body.

Silence in the teahouse.

A beam of cold light abruptly shot up.

Sitting behind Ye Qingyu, an elder, who had kept his head down drinking his tea all this while, suddenly leaped up as quick as lightning without making a sound. With a strangely shaped longsword with a blade that carried a strange dull blue color, he stabbed toward Ye Qingyu's heart from the back.

Quick!

Sudden!

More importantly, this soundless, waveless, and ripple-less strike was utterly impossible to detect.

The longsword pierced completely dead-on into Ye Qingyu's heart position from the back.

Due to his one-hit success, the elder revealed a hint of joy on his creasy face. The next instant, however, this joy turned into astonishment. This was because Ye Qingyu's figure suddenly and rapidly dimmed and disappeared. The sword that stabbed into his back had, in reality, stabbed nothing but air.

At the same time, the elder felt a chill at his waist.

The old killer lowered his head in astonishment, only to discover that a pale silver ice sword had slashed across his waist and divided his body into two.

Ye Qingyu's hand was grasping the hilt of this ice sword.

In the old killer's final moments of sight, he saw that, unbelievably, Ye Qingyu remained seated where he had been as if he had never moved. The elder would never know how the latter had evaded the strike.

White clothes, black hair, and a dark hooded top.

Without turning his head back, Ye Qingyu grasped the ice sword behind him in a casual and elegant posture.

Bam!

The old killer crashed heavily onto a table across the way.

"Dammit..." Sitting at that table, a middle-aged man was drinking tea when he was caught off guard. After tea splattered all over his body, he bellowed, "How dare you affect this elder  in your fight, do you know..."

While his words were still lingering in the air.

Ye Qingyu's figure flashed.

Sword light suffused.

The middle-aged man's head had already soared into the air.

A smattering of ice sealed his body such that not a drop of blood spurted.

A young man, who had been drinking together with the middle-aged man, turned pale and revealed a horrified look. While continually drawing back, he said, "Why... you..."

Responding to him was a wisp of sword light.

After a tinge of icy dark red appeared between his brows, the young man collapsed.

Ye Qingyu sheathed his sword.

The ice sword turned into silver mist and dissipated into the void.

Without saying anything, he turned his body and left the teahouse.

No further changes appeared as his figure slowly disappeared from sight.

A long time later.

"Why didn't you act?"

"Bad idea. Third and Fourth Brother were killed right after they revealed a hint of killing intent and before they could act... [Cold Light Sword] Elder Zheng was dead too. They were each killed within a stroke. This young man was long prepared, and his actions are powerful, swift, and unstoppable. I wasn't confident in succeeding."

"Why didn't he have any reaction after drinking the tea?"

"I don't know. He could have taken an antidote in advance, or his body..."

"What should we do?"

"Let's find another opportunity. The huge bounty is enticing to everyone, and many forces in the Black Demon Pool will be eyeing it up. This son of a bitch may be ruthless and uncommonly strong, but he certainly won't live another three days. We just have to find an opportunity."

"Now that you mention it, who exactly is it that has offered such a huge bounty for this little-known son of a bitch?"

"Who knows, he must've offended someone he shouldn't have."

A low-voiced conversation could be heard in the teahouse.

The remaining ten-odd customers got up and left.

These people carefully followed in the direction that Ye Qingyu had gone.

When the blue and red waiters walked in from the backyard and saw the corpses and shattered tea tables on the floor, they did not appear at all shocked, as if they were used to seeing this kind of thing. They lifted the three corpses and threw them under a tea bush in the backyard, then repaired the tables and continued to do business as usual.

In the furthest and most obscure corner of the teahouse.

Two figures had not moved all this time.

"This is how you account to my master? By offering a bounty to kill Ye Qingyu? The fifty kilograms of divine-level origin crystals you offered are but a false promise. If my master doesn't agree to your terms, where are you gonna get them from? When the time comes, the villains of the Black Demon Pool will be hunting you down." There was a chill in Jiang Xiaohan's voice.

However, within this chill was a bone-melting charm.

Huang Tayun thought to himself that this woman was a little strange. She looked as if changes were happening within her body at all times, and these changes were not limited to her strength but also encompassed her physique. Could she be cultivating some sort of strange technique?

Without asking more, he laughed as he spoke in a muffled voice, "There are two reception elders protecting that son of a bitch. These Black Demon Pool people shouldn't be able to kill him. What's more, this son of a bitch is very powerful on his own. This method was intended to test his strength and waste some of his energy. When he's exhausted, it'd naturally be time for us to act. At that time, you can do anything you want to him."

Of course, there was an even deeper idea in Huang Tayun's mind.

But he would not tell Jiang Xiaohan about it.

"No matter what, remember, I want him alive, not dead... Destroy his cultivation, chop off his limbs or whatever, but in any case, make sure he's breathing when you bring him to me."

As soon as she finished speaking, Jiang Xiaohan turned into Black Demon qi and vanished on the spot.

A shocked look appeared on Huang Tayun's face.

"Black Demon Nothingness Technique? This woman... how could she know... the magical ability of the Black Demon Race?"

...

...

Ye Qingyu leaned on his sword as blood trickled down the blade drop by drop.

Surrounding him were twenty to thirty corpses.

He had finally seen the terror of the Black Demon Pool. He felt as if he was a wounded sheep which entered a place where packs of wolves dwelled, the smell of blood from his body attracting their frenzied and relentless assaults.

"Something doesn't seem right. These people are most likely not assassins or killers, why are they so persistent?"

He looked at the corpses with some doubts.

Fifteen minutes ago, these people were mere passersby, but they suddenly attacked once they saw him.

He figured out that this was not a long-premeditated assassination but an impromptu surprise attack. The problem was that he could not quite understand why he suddenly became so obnoxious that people would charge at and try to kill him as soon as they caught sight of him.

He had expended considerable yuan qi in the fight that just passed.

This was already the 13th zone of the Black Demon Pool. Beings which could appear here were all ruthless experts who enjoyed skating on thin ice and trying their luck in Asura's battlefield, and who had been through countless life-and-death fights and thus had incomparably rich fighting experience. Ye Qingyu had to kill thirty-one of them in succession and display unprecedented ferocity and ruthlessness before the experts who surrounded him were scared off.

But Ye Qingyu knew full well that those behind the scenes did not really go far away.

Like jackals hiding in the dark, they were constantly waiting for their prey to show weakness before they opportunistically charged upon it.

"I have to first figure out what exactly is going on."

He felt that the atmosphere was not quite right.

It was as if he had become a target for everyone to hunt down and kill.

After the ice sword in his hand turned into silver mist and dissipated, Ye Qingyu adjusted his breath and continued on his way.

The deeper he ventured, the denser the Black Demon qi in the void was.

The pressure all around him, too, became more and more intense.

Beings below the Heaven Ascension realm would be completely unable to survive here.

As he walked on, Ye Qingyu operated the nameless breathing technique to regulate his breathing and inner yuan, such that he was continuously recovering. If he was doing so in the past, it would take him only several breaths' worth of time to recover from such a condition.

After the time it took for an incense stick to burn off.

He once again encountered a surprise attack.

This time, it took him a full hour to get off the battlefield.

Behind him were several dozen corpses.

"The 14th zone is just ahead. According to the golden pentagonal token, from this zone on it would be the real land of death and chaos..." Puffing heavily, he stopped advancing for a short while.

He tried to find a mountain cave in which he could set up a formation seal and, while hiding in the cave, begin to regulate his inner yuan and adjust his condition.

The situation was way more difficult than he imagined at the start.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

