Chapter 177:


Chapter 178 - Table and Mud

White Horse tower.

"I wonder just what kind of accounting Marquis Ye wants?" Zhang San inclined back on his chair, not concealing the mockery and disdain on his face at all. He looked at Ye Qingyu with a smile that was not a smile.

The person behind him was Zhao Ruyun, standing as straight as a spear. His lips were also faintly curled.

As part of the younger generation among the allocation officers of the military supply department, Zhao Ruyun was greatly admired by his superior, Zhang San. Due to the fact he understood Zhang San’s personality completely, Zhao Ruyun was extremely clear that when such an expression appeared on his superior’s face, someone was going to be in deep, troubled waters.

He stared coldly at Ye Qingyu.

He had always awaited the moment when Ye Qingyu's misfortune would come.

Opposite them.

Ye Qingyu had a faint and calm smile.

As if he had not noticed the mockery within Zhang San's tone at all, the young man said seriously, "The accounting that I want is very simple. Whoever is behind the schemes against the White Horse tower, they will admit it and accept military discipline. Using the soldier's pay to create a plot to frame someone is a very serious offense against the laws of the army. They cannot be spared."

Hearing this, Zhang San opened his mouth and laughed.

Behind him the mockery on Zhao Ruyun's face became even more evident. He stared at Ye Qingyu like he was looking at a retard.

"What if I said the person behind all the plots and schemes was me?" Zhang San's feet were on the table, casually and arrogantly shifting them about. He made the entire table creak and squeak, moving them about. He lifted his head to look at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu’s gaze was straight and direct as he looked into Zhang San's eyes, without any shred of fear whatsoever, "What difference does it make?"

Zhang San was slightly taken aback, then immediately chuckled, "What you mean is that, even if that person was me, you would want me to go and receive military punishment?" "Is there anything wrong with that?" Ye Qingyu smiled faintly. "Even if it was the [War God of Youyan Pass], Lord Lu Zhaoge breaking the military laws, he would still have to pay the right price. Why can't Zhang San? Could it be that you are already at the stage where you can ignore all the laws of the military?" "Impudence, you're looking to die," Zhao Ruyun shouted furiously.

Ye Qingyu turned his head and gave him a glance.

His eyes were filled with contempt and disdain.

At this moment, Zhao Ruyun had a sensation of defeat without even doing anything that made him shocked and angry at the same time.

In that moment, Ye Qingyu's gaze represented far too much coldness. Out of the things held in the gaze, the thing that pierced Zhao Ruyun's self-dignity the most was the fact that it was as if Ye Qingyu was saying 'just who do you think you are, that you have the right to speak here?’

The atmosphere was slightly heavy.

Zhao Ruyun looked at Ye Qingyu's expression carefully. After confirming that the young man in front of him was not making a joke, he smiled and nodded his head.

"Being young is really great, with hot blood in your heart, doing things without care. Such new people do things without fear at all. Many times, this really makes one envious, however… young man, there are some matters that one cannot solve just by having hot blood in your chest. I have seen far too many stubborn little fellows like you. But ultimately they have either became corpses on the battlefield or have turned into trashes who remain silent.”

Saying this, Zhang San took his feet off the table.

"Just like this table. The material is far too hard. If it is not able to be flexible, once it encounters some pressure, it is easily destroyed." As he spoke, the stone table slightly quivered. Without any sound, it suddenly transformed into a pile of white powder. Without knowing when, Zhang San’s exceptional inner yuan had already crushed it into dust.

Such technique was extremely exquisite.

According to rumours, the [Worry of Ghosts] Zhang San, was not only the head of the supply department, but he was also an exceptional martial artist. It was said that ten years ago, he had long entered the Bitter Sea stage.

A smile appeared on the face of Zhao Ruyun. He was rejoicing in Ye Qingyu's upcoming predicament.

He nearly burst out laughing.

Have you seen the fate of the table?

Haha, just how can you, Ye Qingyu, compete with Head Zhang?

With his position and his background in the great [Army of Youyan Pass], Zhang San was definitely an officer of great contribution, achieving countless deeds. When these achievements were placed together, it was able to form a chainmail of protection. Ye Qingyu had not even been in Youyan Pass for three months, just what right did he have? He was far, far from being enough to go against him.

Comparing martial strength, Head Zhang was already at the Bitter Sea stage tens of years ago. And as for Ye Qingyu, he was only a mere Spirit spring stage, the difference was tens of thousands of kilometers apart.

From these two important indicators of power, Ye Qingyu was far too lacking. No matter how much dog shit luck you have that you were able to become the person that the military wanted to build the model example of a heroic soldier of, it would not be enough. With the large scale propaganda done, there were some special political meanings behind Ye Qingyu. If not for that, why would Head Zhang still have the mood to waste time chatting with you. He would long have tied him up and hung him on the [Punishment Pillars] outside the supply department. After being hung for ten days and night, at that time he would definitely submit.

Ye Qingyu looked at the white rock powder on the floor and remained silent for a moment.

Namely when Zhao Ruyun felt that the unfortunate patrolling sword envoy was about to submit, Ye Qingyu suddenly spoke.

"You have to pay for it," He said.

"What?" Zhang San was taken aback.

Ye Qingyu said seriously, "You've broken my table, pay for it."

Zhang San was dumbfounded.

He had already predicted, under his pressure and threat, what sort of reaction this young patrolling sword envoy would have— There should be mainly two reactions. He would either remain silent and submit or forcefully resist to the end. But he would never have imagined that Ye Qingyu would say such words.

Pay for my table?

Was he crazy?

Was this a matter concerning a table?

Was the main point of this conversation whether or not he would pay for the table?

Zhang San felt that he was being mocked.

He looked at Ye Qingyu with a shred of anger.

At this moment, Zhang San had an impulse to burst out laughing.

He suddenly felt that the reason that this young patrolling sword envoy had always taken such a hard stance, evidently knowing of his protective nature, yet still taking action against Zhao Ruyun, was not really the fact that he was the type to fight for justice and righteousness. It was merely because this little brat had mental problems.

This Ye Qingyu was completely a mental psychopath.

His brain had problems, therefore he could not discern the severity of the situation.

A person with a normal mindset would absolutely not come provoke him after understanding the benefits and costs involved.

Zhang San took out a piece of gold from his inter spatial ring and threw it to the feet of Ye Qingyu. "A stone table is worth a tael of silver. This piece of gold is worth two hundred taels of silver. I'll give this to you, you don't have to give me change. The money left over you can save, in case you knock into something when you go out, or get beaten up by someone. In that case, you can at least buy some medicine.”

This was a bare and naked threat.

Ye Qingyu looked at the gold near his feet, then looked towards the Zhang San coldly sneering. He had the impression that the person sitting opposite him was not a high ranking military officer holding great power in the [Army of Youyan Pass] but rather a ruffian holding people ransom on the streets.

For such a person to be able to assume the position of the head of the supply department, was really a strange matter.

After thinking it over, Ye Qingyu extended his hand and activated his inner yuan. A suction force appeared from his palm.

This piece of gold flew to his hand.

The moment it touched his hand, Ye Qingyu was about to say something when an abnormal change occurred— suddenly, an incomparably hot aura exploded from this piece of gold. It was as if he was holding a little sun within his hands, this terrifying hotness was about to completely dissolve half his arm in an instant.

Zhang San had left a hidden force within this piece of gold.

In his shock, Ye Qingyu did not show any emotion on his face. The moment he encountered this hidden attack, he activated the [Supreme Ice flame].

Between his five fingers, there was a faint silver light that flashed slightly.

The heat from the piece of gold immediately disappeared completely.

"Thank you, Head Zhang." Ye Qingyu smiled slightly, his nail lightly slicing across the piece of gold. The gold sliced apart like tofu, and he kept a tiny piece of gold behind but tossed the large majority of the gold back. "I should only take what I deserve. After all, if I take too much, I will once again be suspected of stealing the soldiers' pay. Such a crime, I cannot bear.

The piece of gold flew through an arc, towards Zhang San's face.

"Impudence, little trash you are looking to die!"

Zhao Ruyun was both shocked and angry. This Ye Qingyu was really asking for his death, to be so bold and impolite. To throw something at Head Zhang's face. Even the commanders of the four main battle camps would not dare to do such an action.

He stepped out, extending his hand to grab the piece of gold.

His hand clawed through the air, successfully catching the gold.

"Little trash, you really deserve to die ten thousand times over…” Zhao Ruyun reprimanded in rage. With Zhang San next to him, he completely was not afraid of Ye Qingyu.

But, before he could finish his sentence, he fiercely felt a coldness explode from the palm of his hands.

Lowering his head to look, the shock in his face could not be controlled.

A layer of silver frost began to spread out from the center of his palm. In but a split moment, half of his arm was sealed in ice. This frost was incomparably frightening, everywhere it passed on his arm would entirely lose its feeling. He wanted to activate his inner yuan explosively to resist against his cold, but he discovered that his own inner yuan had no way of activating within his arm.

"Ahhh…”

Zhao Ruyun began screaming in fear.

In the blink of an eye, the silver frost had already spread to his shoulder.

Zhang San seeing this, let out a slight snort. His palm shot out, lightly pressing it onto Zhao Ruyun's shoulder.

A stream of warmth entered into Zhao Ruyun's body, resisting against the silver frost.

Seeing that Zhang San had acted, Zhao Ruyun completely let out a breath of relief.

But very quickly, an alarmed sound came from behind him "Eh?"

A trace of alarm suddenly appeared on Zhang San's relaxed and contemptuous face. The palm that he had casually placed on Zhao Ruyun's shoulder faintly quivered, then fiercely shone with a piercing orange. A terrifying heat exploded.

The next instant, the silver frost on Zhao Ruyun's shoulder gradually disappeared.

Zhao Ruyun's expression finally relaxed.

"Little trash, you are pretending to be strong? A clown that does not know his own strength." Zhao Ruyun insulted Ye Qingyu. From his perspective, if Zhang San was willing to act, Ye Qingyu's tiny little cultivation was not even worth mentioning.

But he did not see that on the fingers of Zhang San there was a faint silver frost that had not yet disappeared.

Zhao Ruyun turned his body around respectfully. He presented the piece of gold in his hands with both hands towards Zhang San[1] .

Zhang San received the piece of gold.

Within his eyes, there was a shock that was not easily noticed. Tossing the piece of gold in his hand, a short while later, he nodded his head. "Somewhat interesting. It seems like I have underestimated you, otherwise you would not dare to be so wild.

Ye Qingyu had a faint smile.

"It seems like we cannot discuss matters peacefully today?" Zhang San once again returned to his arrogant and overbearing manner. Staring straight at Ye Qingyu. "In other words, Marquis Ye wants to go against the entire supply department?” "I only want an accounting," Ye Qingyu said word by word. "It's that simple, and is also what my White Horse tower should receive.

Zhang San, "If you want an accounting, then you will have to pay the price.” "The price?" Ye Qingyu pointed at the white powder on the floor. "My table, if it is not hard enough, then can items still be placed on it? A table that bends is not the original nature of a table. Such an object can no longer be called a table. Therefore, it transformed into powder under Head Zhang's feet, and not bent into a pile of rotten mud*.

Saying to here, Ye Qingyu looked towards Zhao Ruyun. Then, continuing meaningfully, "Some people choose to bend and become a pile of mud, but I wish to be a table that will never bend.”

Zhao Ruyun's face instantly turned red as if pig's blood had been painted on his face.

*Used to describe a useless heap or a person without a spine

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 178:


Chapter 179 - People may be afraid of you, but I’m not

Even an idiot could tell that Ye Qingyu's words were mocking Zhao Ruyun.

But Zhao Ruyun's face turning such a shade of red was equal to admitting that he was a pile of mud without a spine.

Zhan San's gaze passed by Zhao Ruyun's face. A shred of disappointment flashed in his eyes. Zhao Ruyun was originally a young talent of the supply department that he had high expectations of because his personality was extremely like his own. In these years, his performance had not been bad, but today, Zhao Ruyun was really far too lacking when compared to Ye Qingyu.

"If you want to be a table, then you should be prepared to be crushed into powder." Zhang San slowly walked towards the door. "I am really curious as to just how long can you endure."

Ye Qingyu coldly snorted. "Everyone says that you are arrogant and bossy. Seeing you today, you are not just domineering, you are also mad. As a soldier, using the power in your hands as you will to suppress others, really too unscrupulous, you treat all the laws of the army as invisible. Using the word insane to describe you is really just about right.”

Zhang San's face instantly changed colour.

HIs footsteps immediately halted.

Just how many years had it been since someone dared to say such words in front of him? "Little thing, you have angered me time and time again. Are you really looking to die?" Zhang San sinisterly turned around, his gaze was like a blade stabbing into one’s bones. He stared tightly at Ye Qingyu, ready to strike at any moment.

Ye Qingyu looked at him straight in the eye, without any fear whatsoever. "Just by you? Try it and see.”

Within Zhang San's heart, a flame as hot as if it was the true flame of the Ninth Heaven burned.

His chest rose up and down because of his fury. Zhang San originally was not a person skilled at hiding his emotions, and after Ye Qingyu's words, he was about to explode with anger.

But…

Zhang San suddenly looked at his five fingers and the silver frost that had not yet dissipated. His heart shivered.

Just now, when Ye Qingyu returned the gold piece, he had prepared it with his silver frost qi. Such a technique was exquisite and such a cold power was an energy that Zhang San had never witnessed before in his life. Even with his Bitter Sea stage of cultivation, he could not get rid of the cold qi from Zhao Ruyun’s body in the first instant. Instead, he was invaded by this invisible cold power into his own body, like a maggot seeping into the bones. This was exceedingly frightening.

This made Zhang San unable to discern and identify Ye Qingyu's true strength.

After thinking back to the youth in front of him, Ye Qingyu’s action of returning alive from the clutches of Yan Buhui made him even more mysterious and unfathomable. Zhang San was faintly apprehensive of him. If today he really struck out and could not defeat Ye Qingyu, he would be humiliated and become a laughingstock.

Those who were protective normally cared about their face highly.

Zhang San was protective, but he cared more about his face.

If he fought with Ye Qingyu today and his raft capsized in shallow waters[1], this was something that he could not accept.

As this thought flickered through his mind, Zhang San's desire to act began to wane.

If he was not confident in succeeding in something, he would definitely not attempt it.

He then thought further. How was Ye Qingyu so strong? What was he relying on? A little thing that had only arrived recently; he dared to act against him? Strength was one part of the equation, but who could say whether there were people behind the scenes supporting him. In these years he had offended many people. What if there were people acting together in the shadows against him and this Ye Qingyu was only their blade that was used in their schemes against him? "Good, very good. Little fellow, it seems you really want to go against me." The orange flame in the center of Zhang San's palm slowly dispersed. Fiercely nodding his head. "But this is something that you sought by yourself, so I'll play with you a little. Let’s see who will play with whom to their death. Those who dare act against me directly these years is not only you. I remember two years ago there was a military warfare officer in the Vanguard. From a little noble family, he had exceptional martial talent with many contributions in battle. He thought he was out of the ordinary, so he rejected me. His name was called Gao Shenghan[JR1] . Why don't you ask him just what he is doing now…

Before he finished, Ye Qingyu who could not bear it any longer, suddenly exploded.

"Shut your mouth," Ye Qingyu said in rage. "A dog-like thing[2], to be so prideful and brag while talking about your betters… You used your position and status to suppress a young officer with limitless potential, causing the army of the Empire to suffer a huge loss, do you think you’re great? You dog-like thing, you’re really the parasite of the army. A ruffian with a scum-like personality, not only not repaying the debt of the Empire by serving loyally, you’re also not grateful of the fact that you know the [War God of Youyan Pass] Lord Lu Zhaoge and your debt to him. Instead you plot and scheme, you think this is how you establish authority. I spit on this. You go and ask, just how many people are pointing at you behind your back and cursing your ancestors. To be here so prideful of your own actions is really outstandingly shameless!"

Ye Qingyu had never hated and felt contempt for a person like he did now.

This Zhang San was really the tumour of the army.

It was really hard to imagine why the [War God of Youyan Pass], Lu Zhaoge, that was known as one of the ten greatest warriors of Heaven Wasteland domain, would allow such a shameless person like Zhang San to control the supply department.

Zhao Ruyun was completely stunned speechless.

He completely did not believe what his ears were hearing.

As for Zhang San, he was pointing at Ye Qingyu, similarly struck speechless. His finger began quivering, his face the colour of blood. "You, you, you…”

The head of the supply department had been angered so much that he could not even finish his sentence.

He had never experienced someone insulting and cursing him to his face. Even Lu Zhaoge had never reprimanded him like so.

But conversely, he felt that there was something in Ye Qingyu words that turned into invisible power. Word after word heavily struck his heart, causing a part inside his body to instantly collapse, not able to form any resistance.

"I, I, I? I what?" Ye Qingyu rose up.

His originally muscular figure, in this instant, seemed to turn vast and unfathomable. "I am only a little military officer, with nothing to rely on. But my actions are righteous, with a clear conscience. People may be scared of you, but I'm not afraid of you. A little ruffian that isn't even clear of what the situation is, why are you trying to pretend to be glorious in front of me? Today you are the high up head of the supply department, but tomorrow just what kind of thing you will become, who can say. The person who walks a lot on the night roads cannot help but encounter a ghost. You've done so many terrible things that one day, karma will definitely come back to bite you. When you have fallen to the ground, look to those people who fear and respect you now, just how will they treat you!”

Word after word, as if it was apocalyptic thunder, struck heavily at Zhang San's heart.

Zhang San's face became deathly pale. He shouted furiously, "You… you, just what do you know little scrap, I'll kill you.”

He had gone completely mad[3] with fury.

He could originally hold his temper, because he evidently had come here to humiliate this young man, but right now, he was so angry he could spit out seven kinds of flames from all the apertures in his body. He had never been angry like he was today. And even after exploding with fury, he was still able to sense a shred of emotion hidden deep within his inner heart… fear! "Haha, I really don't understand anything. But even I know that there are things that you can do and that there are things you can't do. I pity you that your arrogance has long ruled your mind, that you have long dug your own grave. You are situated in an Asura realm[4], but you do not know yourself." Ye Qingyu coldly smiled.

The gaze he looked at Zhang San was as if he was looking at a pitiful bug.

In these years, Zhang San had used his position to bully and oppress others. He seemed to be really glorious, such that even the commander of the right camp, Peng Yizhen, lowered his head to him. He seemed faintly to be the second person after Lu Zhaoge, but in reality, he was digging his own grave. The more people that he offended, the more people that hated him… Seeing his status, the others did not do anything. But once he even slightly lost his position and status, then what was awaiting Zhang San from everyone was definitely a disaster that would turn his bones into powder.

Ye Qingyu's words cut to the heart, deeply inciting Zhang San. He had completely gone berserk.

This head of the supply department forgot all about his apprehension. There was no way he could suppress the killing rage in his heart anymore.

Within both his palms, an orange light flickered. A terrible yuan qi heat fluctuation instantly surged in the large hall. With the surging flames burning, he acted instantly.

The power of the Bitter Sea stage was enough to make one suffocate.

Zhao Ruyun let out a tragic cry. This violent energy instantly struck him, sending him flying backwards. He struck the stone wall and spat out a jet of blood, his expression extremely alarmed.

"Come."

Ye Qingyu shouted loudly, acting at the same moment.

The power of twenty Spirit springs activated with its full strength. His entire body exploded with the roar of dragons, the inner yuan madly flowing throughout his entire body, like the surge of a great river. Twenty silver Snow Dragons encircled around his body, giving him huge power. At the same time, he did not hesitate at all to activate the [Supreme Ice flame] within his dantian world.

Out of all of the aces Ye Qingyu had, only the [Supreme Ice flame] could pose as any sort of threat to experts of the Bitter Sea stage.

At the same time, Ye Qingyu's spirit focused. His mind, qi, and soul combined, and thankfully he managed to activate the state of the [Limitless Divine Way]

It was only the [First Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way], but that was already enough.

His battle power instantly doubled.

The power of forty Spirit springs instantly exploded out.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The moment the two people met, they exchanged three fists.

Every time the fists met with each other, there would be orange and silver rings of light that appeared. Layer after layer, the rings spread out with their center at the place where the fists met.

The battle fluctuations that could be seen, but not felt, quickly exploded out towards all directions. Everywhere they passed, the stone chairs and tables would turn into powder. The yuan qi formations on the stone walls of the White Horse tower were activated, and the formation light was like lightning running along the walls…

Behind them…

Zhao Ruyun madly activated his inner yuan to protect himself. He spat out fresh blood in great quantities.

He felt like he was a piece of paper. He was stuck to the wall like a painting by the yuan qi turbulence that crushed him against the wall. Not only was there no way for him to move and evade, he could not even open his mouth to speak. If he opened his mouth, this terrible qi would stuff into his mouth, making him suffocate.

Three explosions exploded within White Horse tower.

The entire White Horse tower was as if it was situated in an earthquake. It began quivering and shaking, as if it could collapse at any moment.

On the walls and the floors, streak after streak of lightning-like formations flickered, reinforcing and stabilizing. Finally the historic building managed to withstand the terrible yuan qi fluctuations.

Ye Qingyu spat out a mouthful of blood and was sent flying backwards.

However, even in the air, he did not lose control.

Lightly floating towards the wall, Ye Qingyu's left hand pushed against it. A large swathe of ice spread out across the wall, and by borrowing this force, he managed to gently land on the ground, like a fluttering butterfly. His body movements were elegant, full of vitality, and his figure was stable.

Apart from spitting out a mouthful of blood, there were no internal injuries within Ye Qingyu. His yuan qi was flowing strongly and smoothly like usual!

Opposite.

Zhang San's robe fluttered and both hands were behind his back. His stance was relaxed to the extreme.

At this moment, the power of an expert at the Bitter Sea stage was demonstrated fully.

The yuan qi fluctuation in the large hall slowly settled down.

Zhao Ruyun was in an utterly sorry state as he slowly slid off the wall to the floor. The pain throughout his body was as if every bone in his body had broken into inch sized pieces.

But currently, Zhao Ruyun could not care about this at all.

The shock and fear in his heart could not be described purely through words alone.

Because when he was sliding down, he could clearly see that Zhang San's two hands behind his back was currently trembling. A scarlet red trail of blood was slowly dripping down to the ground from his forefinger, emitting nearly audible sounds of the drops plopping to the floor.

Zhao Ruyun's mind went completely blank.

"The head was injured? How was this possible?”

At this moment—

Boom!

The great door of White Horse tower was pushed open by someone.

Countless figures rushed in.

The person at the very forefront was Wen Wan.

"Zhang San you bastard. Today I will fight to the death with you… Little Yu, Little Yu are you okay?" He roared like a mad tiger. Wen Wan evaluated everything within the great hall. Behind him was Liu Zongyuan who did his utmost to hold him back, but it was a pity that Wen Wan had broken free from his restraints.

Liu Zongyuan had also followed closely behind him.

Behind them another crowd rushed in.

Evidently, they had been shaken by the impact of those three punches and the turmoil it had caused. Apart from Liu Zongyuan and tens of soldiers from the Vanguard, there were also Lin Lang, Yi Sance, people of the Cool Breeze Mountain Faction, soldiers and allocation officers from the supply department, the Rear camp, Vanguard, Left camp, Right camp, people of the Pass Lord's residence, and also the guards on patrol. It was a significant number.

The people of all parties that paid attention to White Horse tower instantly rushed in at the same time.

Originally, everyone had thought that Zhang San had come to White Horse tower to make things difficult for Ye Qingyu. But they only expected him to verbally humiliate him or threaten him a little. They had never expected that he would really act out personally and cause such a great commotion…

Zhang San had completely gone berserk.

Ye Qingyu, after all, was recently bestowed a title and had greatly contributed during the battle. He was also the target of a propaganda program by the military to construct him as a model hero. At this time, whoever wanted to act against him needed to think it thrice over. This type of situation where one was positioned where the winds and waves were the fiercest was really troublesome to get oneself into.

No one imagined that Zhang San would strike out and activate his Bitter Sea stage level of cultivation to kill Ye Qingyu.

That’s right, everyone felt that Ye Qingyu would be killed.

No one felt that Ye Qingyu would be able to survive in front of the powerful strength of someone at the Bitter Sea stage.

Just now, the terrifying strength of those three punches could clearly be sensed by everyone even through the walls of White Horse tower. The power was like the abyss itself, stifling people. The only possibility was that the [Worry of Ghosts] Zhang San had completely gone crazy. With his exceptional strength, he had forcefully slaughtered Ye Qingyu, turning him into mush.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 179:


CHapter 180 - Shock and suspicions

To face a Bitter Sea stage expert, and especially Zhang San, a person who had reached the Bitter Sea stage long ago, no one had expected Ye Qingyu to be able to survive.

The difference between the two realms was like the difference between Heaven and Earth.

The reason Wen Wan had gone berserk was because he felt that the chances of Ye Qingyu’s survival were slim.

Even Liu Zongyuan was overcome with fury and could not hold onto Wen Wan any longer. He did not care about anything anymore, and loudly shouted, "Head Zhang, you are far too tyrannical. Ye Qingyu is the future star of the Empire, and has contributed greatly to Youyan Pass. To kill him as you please, the things that you have done in these past years are too over the line. Today, no matter what, you will have to give us an accounting."

Liu Zongyuan completely tore apart all pretense of friendliness with Zhang San.

Lin Lang, Yi Sance and the others could only coldly sneer.

Zhang San fiercely turned around, coldly glaring at Wen Wan and Liu Zongyuan. Killing intent seeped out from his heart. "Haha, the dogs that bite people do not bark. Just what kinds of things are you two, to not even dare to let out a fart in front of me before, but leaping out to bark madly right now? Haha, if I want to kill a person, do I still need to ask you two little dogs and give a report to you guys?" "Trash, I will fight with you to the death." Wen Wan was like a crazed tiger, rushing forward, about to strike out.

At this moment "Old Wen, quickly stop."

A familiar voice sounded.

Everyone felt their vision blurring and could see a figure flash out from the dust behind Zhang San, holding Wen Wan back.

His white robe was like snow.

This person was namely Ye Qingyu.

"Release me, you motherfucking…" After being held back, Wen Wan’s first instinctive reaction was to roar in rage. But he had only screamed for a bit when he suddenly realized something. Turning his head to look, he saw the face that was horribly familiar appear next to him. The fellow that he had originally thought had long died was still alive.

His mind went completely blank.

"Brother Ye, you… are you still alive?" Liu Zongyuan's state of mind was more stable and was the first person to react.

Ye Qingyu had a face of helplessness. "I say, Old Wen, can you have a little more confidence in me, why is it that I would die? Haha, I'm a person that even Yan Buhui cannot kill. To want to kill me, no matter who it is, they will have to pay a small price!"

Liu Zongyuan could not say anything, before Wen Wan next to him went berserk yet again.

"Bastard…" Wen Wan roared in rage, a punch landed on Ye Qingyu’s chest. "I remember I motherfucking told you not to scare people needlessly, yet you pretended to be dead yet again!" "Ai…"

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth and spat out a jet of blood.

"Eh? Are you okay?" Wen Wan was shocked by this, quickly taking back the second punch that he had thrown out.

Ye Qingyu had a bitter face. "If you punch me a few times more, I really won’t be fine… Old Wen, could you be a little gentler. Every time I see you, you meet me with fists. It's causing me to have psychological pressure every time I see you."

Wen Wan swung his fists about resentfully. "I, your father was only worried about you, little bastard…"

Ye Qingyu was also moved in his heart.

This time, Wen Wan and Liu Zongyuan had completely gone against Zhang San, one of the huge figures in Youyan Pass, in their panic for himself. Just who was Zhang San? Ye Qingyu completely understood today that the two people before him, in front of so many people to reprimand Zhang San, just how much courage did this need?

Especially Liu Zongyuan. Previously, Ye Qingyu really regarded him as a friend, but only as a normal friend.

But right now, Ye Qingyu knew that the military warfare officer was a true man. He was a staunch and resolute person, a person that was truly worth knowing.

Ye Qingyu was not used to using words to express his own emotions.

But he would forever remember such a scene.

Only after Wen Wan had completely inspected Ye Qingyu from top to bottom and confirmed that he had not sustained any hidden injuries, could he lay his worries to rest.

As for the other people, they had fallen into an extreme shock that they could not break out of.

Ye Qingyu was still alive?

Furthermore, his injuries did not seem that serious…

This…

Countless gazes turned towards Zhang San in this instant.

This great figure of the military did not slaughter Ye Qingyu in the first instant. Those three huge and terrifying sounds as well as that yuan qi fluctuation that nearly caused the entire White Horse tower to collapse, just what was that about? Could it be that Ye Qingyu had directly fought and resisted against Zhang San?

No matter whether it was Lin Lang, Yi Sance or other various people belonging to the major camps or factions, they felt that this matter was somewhat ridiculous.

"Just what has happened?" Lin Lang stealthily went over, asking Zhao Ruyun.

Zhao Ruyun's face was deathly pale. He shook his head, not saying anything.

Even if he was a stupid pig, he would know to absolutely not disclose what had happened in the hall just now. Otherwise, Zhang San would definitely cut him up alive. For Zhang San, this matter was definitely a great humiliation. He would absolutely not let anyone know of his humiliation.

Zhao Ruyun right now was in tremendous panic and shock.

He had no way of believing that Ye Qingyu really could directly fight against, and even injure Zhang San.

He really could not see through Ye Qingyu at all.

But there was one point that he could be sure of. Zhao Ruyun swore that in his entire life, he would never ever face a monster like Ye Qingyu. Despite how despairing and defeated his heart was, but he must admit that he and Ye Qingyu were not on the same level.

The atmosphere of the large hall, was slightly strange.

"Little thing, who would have thought you had some level of cultivation. It seems I was mistaken." Zhang San looked at Ye Qingyu, coldly snorting. "But you are still not enough. There is still a great distance for you to go if you want to overthrow me. Wait and see, one day you will see my true power."

As he finished, Zhang San turned around, heading outside the large hall.

The crowd that had rushed in through the large door hurried to open a passage like they were avoiding supernatural beings, snakes or scorpions.

Zhang San brought Zhao Ruyun away from the large hall, heading outside White Horse tower. With the protection of the four soldiers outside, they slowly disappeared in the streets far off.

At this time, the sky was already dark.

The last afterglow of the sun descended on the streets.

The restricted time was about to arrive. There were very few people left on the streets, making it extremely spacious.

Zhang San's figure in this twilight seemed somewhat lonely.

Without knowing what he thought of, he suddenly turned to look at White Horse tower.

As his back was towards the sun, his body blocked the rays of light. Therefore, his facial expression in this instant was covered in shadows and was extremely unclear. But in his eyes that were oblique and long, like blades, there was a deep coldness that flashed by.

Everyone that saw that gaze would shiver in their heart.

Only until Zhang San and the others disappeared in a corner far off did the large majority of people relax greatly.

Everyone's gaze once again returned to Ye Qingyu.

Everyone began to newly re-evaluate this young man due to their extreme shock.

Originally, everyone thought that he was only a minor character. Right now, they could not help but think even deeper. As they thought back carefully of the things that had happened ever since this young man came to Youyan Pass, more and more people realized that the new master of White Horse tower was really not as simple as he seems.

At least from the matter today, it was very possible that Ye Qingyu had directly fought against the three punches of Zhang San.

Could it be that Ye Qingyu's strength had already entered into the Bitter Sea stage?

Even if it was not the Bitter Sea stage, he had at least stepped on the boundary of the Bitter Sea stage.

This was the evaluation in the hearts of everyone.

Heavens, a person that has not yet reached sixteen was suspected to be a Bitter Sea stage expert?

Thinking of the weight behind such a person was enough to make anyone feel light-headed.

"Since Marquis Ye is fine, then I can rest assured. I will bother you no longer, and we shall say farewell. We will call on Marquis Ye another day," an officer of the Right camp clasped his hands and said.

These words were extremely intricate, vaguely expressing friendly intentions.

As he said those words, other people also reacted.

"Marquis Ye really is a young hero…" "The army is really somewhat chaotic these days." "Farewell!" "The mentality of a young man, you need to pay more care in the future."

The other people spoke up and said a sentence or two, either displaying their good intentions or saying a few perfunctory words. They then clasped their hands in farewell. The matters today were somewhat complicated. The two parties in confrontation, looking at the situation now, were both fierce characters. The large majority had high praises for Ye Qingyu, but they were absolutely not willing to offend Zhang San. Therefore, the best practice was to quickly leave.

Ye Qingyu did not say much, smiling and clasping his hands to see them off.

Very quickly the large hall packed with people became empty again. The crowd that had rushed in turned and departed.

"Brother Ye, I'll first go back, too. Tonight, I am on duty, and there is an hour left till the roll call. We'll meet again another day." Liu Zongyuan let out a breath of relief, clasping his hands in farewell.

"Qingyu dares not forget the debt of Brother Liu’s aid today." Ye Qingyu did not leave things at half measures, clearly expressing his attitude.

Liu Zongyuan smiled slightly and nodded his head heavily. He brought the soldiers under his command and left.

"Big Willow, I, Old Wen will offer my apologies to you for some other day. Several days ago I have offended you, today I must admit that you, Big Will is a true man. I admire you," Wen Wan shouted at Liu Zongyuan's back.

Liu Zongyuan did not turn back but lifted his hand and waved, indicating that he knew.

"That fellow, at least he still has a conscience, to dare to speak…” Wen Wan had his arms folded across his chests and said with a smile.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, and said thoughtfully, "That's right, if true men like Liu Zongyuan are everywhere within the army, people like Zhang San, how could they dare be arrogant… The [Army of Youyan Pass], if they really want to launch a strike against the Snow Ground Demon Court, with their current attitude, this will be difficult."

Wen Wan laughingly insulted, "You stinky brat, just what do you know. There is naturally a reason for why Zhang San is so arrogant. It is not as simple as you imagined. This time you are in the limelight, but the trouble you have incited is also not few. There are times that you need to submit and nod slightly. Today you really provoked the madman Zhang San to strike out…"

Ye Qingyu smiled. "I intentionally provoked him to act." "Eh?" Wen Wan was taken aback, then was instantly enraged. "You mean that you hate the fact that your life is too long? This is absolutely crazy."

Ye Qingyu began laughing. "Of course I was confident, so I did this. Zhang San really was at the Bitter Sea stage, but according to the rumours, Zhang San chose to enter into the Bitter Sea stage when he was at the thirty five Spirit springs stage. Therefore he can only be counted as a fake Bitter Sea stage. Today I provoked him to strike, so I could test his strength." "You are completely crazy." Wen Wan glared at him. "A fake Bitter Sea stage expert to a Spirit spring expert, is also a great mountain they can never overcome. To think that you…”

Ye Qingyu laughed but he did not say anything.

Wen Wan suddenly realized a matter, "You little brat, how do you suddenly know so much? To have understood Zhang San in such detail, who told you? Also, honestly tell me, just what stage have you reached?" …… ……

Liu Zongyuan came out from the White Horse tower. The smile on his face gradually disappeared.

Today at White Horse tower, for him, was an extremely great choice.

To completely go against a person like Zhang San was a thought that he dared not even think three months ago.

For a military warfare officer like him, Zhang San could casually flick his wrist and that was enough to send him into hell.

Even if he did not like Zhang San's way of doing things, but Liu Zongyuan would still choose to evade him.

But today, he did not understand why he would reprimand Zhang San in front of so many people.

But he did not regret this.

Because he had received the true friendship of Ye Qingyu.

The officers behind him had worry on their faces. They were currently fretting over their own masters.

As they walked past the restaurant opposite them, they saw two familiar figures walk out from within. It was namely the [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing and his student Xing’er.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 180:


Chapter 181 - Evaluation

"Mister Liu has also come…" After Liu Zongyuan had said his greetings, he pointed at the White Horse tower behind him.

Liu Yuqing had a faint smile. "I've heard there were matters undergoing here, so I came to have a look." "But you did not enter and see." Liu Zongyuan was taken aback, but after seeing the calm smile on Liu Yuqing's face, he suddenly understood. He said in surprise, "Mister Liu, you long knew the result of this?"

Liu Yuqing nodded his head. "I can largely guess. The way Marquis Ye does things is out of people’s expectations. But he rarely does anything that he has no confidence in. Like last time when facing Yan Buhui, he was able to escape from his clutches. According to my expectations, he should be able to bear it even if he was facing the [Worry of Ghosts].”

Liu Zongyuan had for long greatly admired the thinking of this strategist of the Military council. As he listened to him, he nodded his head. "That's right, Zhang San was enraged till he went crazy. He struck out by himself, but he nearly could not gain any advantage whatsoever. Brother Ye only suffered small external injuries. After resting for two or three hours, then he should be recovered…” As he said this, Liu Zongyuan said in a somewhat questioning tone, "Mister Liu, Brother Ye's strength, to have…”

Liu Yuqing shook his head. "I also don't know. Perhaps he has an ace up his sleeve, and is not afraid of normal fake Bitter Sea stage experts. This little Marquis has encountered many fortuitous events and his fate is even more peculiar. I cannot see through him. But from the situation at the present, this person is not something destined to live in a pond. This is only his temporary hibernation; once his opportunity arrives, after experiencing wind and rain, he will transform into a dragon to soar above the Ninth Heaven. His achievements in the future are not something we can guess at."

Such an evaluation was extremely high.

In Liu Zongyuan's memories, he had never heard Mister Liu praise a person like so before.

"Today you went against Zhang San?" Liu Yuqing asked with a smile.

Liu Zongyuan nodded his head with a bitter smile. "I was in too great a panic. The way Head Zhang does things is far too tyrannical. I thought that Marquis Ye had died under his hands, therefore…" “You may lose at sunrise but gain at sunset. For you, this perhaps is a fortunate incident. Zhang San will recompense all the slights he received. You must be careful in the near future. Liu Yuqing reminded, then said, "Since you have chosen Marquis Ye, why don't you walk this path completely to its end. Perhaps there is a completely different world awaiting you.”

Liu Zongyuan nodded his head. "Thank you, Mister Liu,, for your advice.”

The Central Military officers behind him, after hearing these words apart from feeling shock had also grasped a great deal of information. The worry in their hearts gradually dissipated. They were the confidants of Liu Zongyuan; not only were their strength’s exceptional, but their thinking was also extremely nimble. Hearing this, they understood that their superior's action was not a moment of rashness. It was a decision that he had deeply mulled over.

This Marquis Ye, could he really arm wrestle with a huge figure in the army like Zhang San?

No matter what, everyone was utterly clear that since their superior officer Liu Zongyuan had made his choice, then their fate would rise and fall along with Ye Qingyu's.

After discussing for a bit more, Liu Zongyuan clasped his hands to say farewell, rushing towards the camp for his duty.

Liu Zongyuan and Xing’er walked slowly and leisurely.

Without knowing when it started, snow once again floated through the air.

Xing’er lifted up an oiled paper umbrella, standing on his tip toes to hold the umbrella for Liu Yuqing. His eyeballs were whirling, and there was a trace of curiosity on his fair face. "Mister, did Zhang San really get injured?" "You little fellow, you have long seen through this, why did you ask me?" Mister Liu reprimanded with a smile. "Your power and cultivation is significantly higher than mine, but instead you ask me. Are you bullying the poor eyesight of this old man?"

Xing’er stuck his tongue out. "Mister is the [Painting Saint], his eyes are the best."

Liu Yuqing had always spoiled his personal student. With a smile, "En, Zhang San was injured, and his injuries are not light. This Ye Qingyu, more and more I cannot see through him. That day when he returned to Youyan Pass and saw me, after recounting his own experiences, his first words were to ask me what level of cultivation Zhang San was at. It seems like, at that time, he had already predicted the matters today. His foresight is somewhat frightening.”

Xing’er humphed, and said in a disagreeing tone, "Mister is overestimating that fellow. Perhaps he was afraid that Zhang San would seek him for vengeance, so that’s why he preemptively asked you for information beforehand."

Liu Yuqing shot a glance at his little student and said with a smile, “What you say is possible, but you have missed a point. It seems that today he intentionally provoked Zhang San to strike out, so it should be that everything was in his plan. Zhang San meeting him could be counted as his tribulation. Whether he can pass through this will depend on his luck." "Zhang San's tribulation?" Xing’er had his eyes opened wide. "Mister, are you not over-exaggerating?"

Liu Yuqing smiled, but did not say anything.

Looking at the floating snow in the sky, his heart slowly became heavier and heavier.

The effect of the battle of three punches in White Horse tower today would very quickly become evident. If Youyan Pass could be said to be an extremely compressed barrel of gunpowder these days, then the actions of Ye Qingyu today would become a fuse that would cause the explosion of this gunpowder.

And right now, the fuse was currently burning.

…… ……

Supply department.

The great hall of the head.

Zhang San, step by step, walked up the platform. Every step of his was extremely slow.

He had ordered the other guards to retreat, and behind him was Zhao Ruyun with a deathly pale face, respectfully following behind him.

When there was only the last step between them and the entrance of the great hall, Zhang San suddenly stopped. He stood for a long time on the steps, not heading forward, not moving in the slightest.

The Zhao Ruyun following behind him, felt something was slightly strange.

He originally wanted to ask what the head was thinking, but he did not dare make a noise. He silently stood behind Zhang San.

After a total of fifteen minutes.

"Hold me."[1] [2] [3] Zhang San suddenly opened his mouth, suppressing his voice.

Zhao Ruyun was taken aback. "What?"

Zhang San slowly lifted his head. "Come over and assist me."

Zhao Ruyun suddenly understood. His heart filled with tremendous shock, he took a quick step forward, holding Zhang San's arm. Zhang San lightly breathed out a mouthful of air, and with Zhao Ruyun's assistance, walked step by step into the great hall. After entering through the door, they closed the doors of the hall.

At the moment when the large doors were closed— "Pok!”

Zhang San's figure quivered fiercely, a jet of blood came spitting from his mouth.

Scarlet fresh blood fell on the smooth and polished jade-like floor of the great hall. With light chi chi sounds, it transformed into scarlet red ice, emitting a dense coldness.

"Superior, you…" Zhao Ruyun was greatly shocked.

Zhang San waved his hands, not saying anything. He directly sat in a meditative stance, circulating his yuan qi to recover.

An orange light seemed to emanate from within his body, enveloping his entire figure. It was as if his entire person had transformed into a scorching and burning flame. Originally in the somewhat dark great hall, instantly it turned completely bright. Hot air filled the entire space.

Zhao Ruyun stood dumbly by one side.

Although he had previously seen Zhang San's fingertip dripping blood and knew that he was injured, but he would have never dreamed that the injuries were this serious. When Zhang San was climbing the steps, the reason that he walked so slowly step by step was not because he was pondering something. It was because his injuries were far too serious that he had no way of walking normally.

Time passed minute by minute.

Zhao Ruyun's entire person was completely drowned in a type of fear that was hard to express.

A full two hours passed.

Only then did the orange flame on Zhang San gradually retreat within his body.

His face was somewhat more vigorous. Walking deep into the great hall, he sat on a large white jade chair, then let out a faint breath. "This Ye Qingyu, to have controlled such a strange ice power. I did not suspect it for a short while and nearly fell into his trap.”

Saying this, he felt apprehension after the event.

This strange power was like a maggot burrowing into the bones, there was no place it could not enter. Even with his flame power at the Bitter Sea stage, not only could it not obstruct this power, but instead, it invaded into his inner organs. If not for the fact that he expended his life yuan qi to forcefully eradicate it, most likely right now he would have turned into a block of ice already.

"Superior, right now… are you fine?" Zhao Ruyun rushed over and asked anxiously.

Zhang San gave him a glance. "I am fine, you can go."

Zhao Ruyun did not dare say anything, retreating backwards.

After walking several steps, Zhang San's voice came from behind him, "The things that happened here today is not to be known by other people."

Zhao Ruyun rushed to indicate he understood.

…… ……

White Horse tower.

Ye Qingyu saw off Wen Wan who kept insisting he wanted to borrow the little silver dragon to play with for a couple of days.

Eating the dinner Mother Wu sent over, Ye Qingyu returned to the clean training room.

The heart of the White Horse sword slave Bai Yuanxing was particularly excited, an emotion that was hard to describe using words. After so many years, he had the sensation where he could stick out his chest. The people who usually regarded him with disdain, right now hated the fact that they could not become his good friend.

The countless worries in his heart were completely laid to rest in this one day.

He had already begun to worship the new master of White Horse tower.

The curse of the White Horse tower had not shown any results on the new master.

Bai Yuanxing could vaguely see the last wishes of his ancestor being fulfilled again. White Horse tower, would soon rise again.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

His sword like lightning, Bai Yuanxing did his utmost to train with his sword.

With the powerful demonstration of his new master, apart from making him excited, it also gave him an unprecedented vitality. At this moment, he felt like he had an inexhaustible supply of energy, and his speed when he cultivated was numerous times higher than normal.

"I need to quickly raise my strength. Only then do I have the qualifications to stay behind Master."

Bai Yuanxing swore in his heart.

He felt he was finally welcoming his new life.

…… ……

The next three days.

Ye Qingyu stayed within White Horse tower to cultivate.

There were numerous people who came to pay their respects, but they were all kept outside by Mother Wu. The bruises on Mother Wu's face had already subsided, so she once again swung her broomstick outside. She stood at the doorway to White Horse tower and completely kept all the people from the various parties outside, waiting to pay their respects. Nearly in an instant, the fame of the White Horse Shrew once again began spreading.

Counting the time, the coldest season of Snow Empire had already passed.

It was the season of spring.

The weather was no longer as cold like it was previously. In the corners of the city, one could faintly see tender sprouts emerging from the accumulated snow, displaying a faint lifeforce.

The rise of the temperature was an extremely beneficial matter for the army of the Human Race.

And as for the Snow Ground Demon Court that lived all their lives in the Explosive Snow Glacier to the North, this was not good news.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

