Chapter 837:


Chapter 854 - This Is My Final Warning



It was not only the men of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, but also a few distant onlookers, who were dumbstruck. Although quarrels had certainly taken place outside the side hall before, the divine temple guards would normally not get involved, for this kind of things did not break any of the Alliance's laws.

But killing... that was a grave crime.

How long had it been since there was bloodshed in this place?

When was the last time a being died at the entrance of the side hall?

Most people could no longer remember clearly.

None of them had ever expected that the gentle-looking young man, whose smile was as warm as the March sunshine, would kill as soon as he took action, using such a swift and neat method. He had actually killed an Immortal Step realm expert of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect without any hesitation and as casually as trampling on a blade of grass.

With that, the matter blew up.

The onlookers kept themselves far away as they looked at Ye Qingyu as if he was the god of plague, and were afraid of having anything to do with him.

By now, Qin Hui was also completely dumbfounded.

She had made thousands of calculations, yet had never imagined that Ye Qingyu would be aggressive to the extent that he would use his sword to kill in a fit of anger. Although this was what she most wanted to do but could not do, she did not understand why Ye Qingyu would do this sort of thing here of all places. Having remained here for five or six days, she naturally understood what the rules were.

During this instant, this young mother had a feeling that everything in front of her was going black.

She felt that she should not have beseeched Ye Qingyu.

Since it was impossible for the mother and son pair to escape from their fates, or to bear the heavy responsibility of rebuilding the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, death was no big deal and might even have allowed them to reunite with their husband or father in the afterlife. Now, however, she had brought trouble upon this young man who had already helped her, and caused him to fall into grave danger.

It took a long time before everyone regained their senses.

The radiance in Elder Mingjue's eyes abruptly became frosty and gloomy. He knew that he had underestimated this young man, yet there was nothing he could do. To kill in front of the Alliance's divine temple side hall meant inevitable death, and he certainly could not be blamed for the young man's impulse.

Meanwhile, the black-armored divine guards beside him also began to respond.

"Gutsy."

"Arrest him immediately."

"This is simply heaven-defying."

Shocked and enraged, they immediately charged at Ye Qingyu, having not met such a wild lunatic in a long time.

The longsword in Ye Qingyu's hand quivered slightly.

Buzzzz.

Sword light circulated indistinctly.

All that the guards could sense was the developing of a chilly radiance in front of them. The terrifying sharpness of the sword qi made them feel completely inferior to it, and so they had no choice but to step back and hold their own with all their might.

What they did not know was that the chill of the sword radiance was actually as insubstantial as a phantom and did not have any offensive power, dissipating into the Void.

Ye Qingyu smiled faintly.

The ice sword suddenly faded and turned into an indeterminate silver chilly mist before disappearing into the air in a twinkling.

Without taking as much as a glimpse at the three black-armored divine guards, he simply swept a glance across a few rebels of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, "I'd said that I'm in a good mood and don't want to kill, but you all just had to force me... The matter of Qin Hui and her son has fallen under my responsibility. Elder Mingjue, right? Go back and get ready, I'll visit the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect in a couple of days, and when that time comes, we can have a good talk to settle all of our grievances."

After he finished speaking, he looked at the astonished Qin Hui beside him and smiled. "Let's go."

From start to end, he never once looked straight at the three black-armored divine guards.

Among the divine guards of the Alliance's divine temples, the human ones wore white robes while those of foreign races wore black armor. The scumbag rebel that was Elder Mingjue had bribed a few of the foreign race divine guards in order to pursue the mother and son, truly heart-sickening indeed. In any case, Ye Qingyu was feeling very happy and was thus unwilling to strike out and kill. As for those foreign race black-armored divine guards... Having been given an amnesty privilege by Ren Puyang, Ye Qingyu did not feel obliged to explain anything to them.

For some time, the seven rebels of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, including Elder Mingjue, were stunned on the spot as a result of Ye Qingyu's words and carefree actions, and did not dare to oppose him.

Instead, it was the three black-armored divine guards who began to respond.

But just as they were about to act, Xiao Lin, the white-robed divine guard, appeared in a flash and held back all three of them.

"You all had better not meddle in the affairs of the Human Race," he said plainly with a calm face.

"Oh, it's Commander Lin. Please forgive me for my disrespect... but, zeze, family affairs? That little rascal killed someone and thereby broke the Alliance of Domains' laws, he..." One of the black-armored divine guards explained in shock and anger. In such a situation and environment, they had actually been scared off by a single stroke of that white-robed youth, an utter humiliation indeed.

"Mr. Ren Puyang has granted him special amnesty and thus he wouldn't be liable even if he killed the three of you. This is my final warning. If you're still not satisfied, by all means, go ahead and obstruct Lord Ye Qingyu."

After he finished speaking, Xiao Lin did not waste any more breath before he turned and entered the side hall behind him.

He had done everything he had to do.

In the first place, that these three black-armored divine guards had brought to the entrance of the side hall a group of people who had not been summoned by the divine temple was already in violation of the Alliance's laws, which, although not as strongly enforced as in the past and were thus often regarded with eyes half-closed, would still result in punishments by death when taken seriously.

Being in the wrong, the three divine guards would certainly not dare to trouble Ye Qingyu and his group.

Indeed, until Xiao Lin’s figure disappeared into the side hall, they did not dare to impede Ye Qingyu any further.

With wavering expressions, they stood hesitant on the spot for a while before eventually deciding to give up, knowing that Xiao Lin was a trusted subordinate of Mr. Ren Puyang, who, although not the strongest in the entire Alliance of Domains, had taken several iron-fisted measures in recent years. Given their status as foreign race divine guards, offending someone like him would end very badly.

Moreover, Mr. Ren Puyang's status was indeed high enough to bestow special amnesties, with which that young man would not be harshly punished even if he killed the three of them, let alone if he killed some vagabond who had not been summoned by the Alliance of Domains.

They had seen the swordcraft of this white-robed youth and knew that theirs were no match for it. Having also witnessed his ruthless and decisive temperament in action, they knew that death was near-certain if they provoked him into fury.

And so, they eventually turned and left silently.

At this time, the expressions of the septet changed dramatically as they finally realized the severity of the matter and knew that they had created a huge problem for themselves.

Who exactly is this young white-robed swordsman?

We've already investigated clearly the details regarding Qin Hui and her son, so why has such a frightening character suddenly appeared?

Elder Mingjue was completely baffled.

...

It was already evening.

In the air above the Green Xuan Hall.

The glow of sunset left a huge patch of blood red across the vault of heaven, draping a layer of glow, soft as gauze, all over the courtyard and the distant palace.

At this time, on the square in front of the Green Xuan Hall.

Every member of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, including those who were injured in battle and even the dying Great Dragon Turtle Demon who was being assisted by Zhong Xuan, was waiting on the square.

In fact, they had not left this place ever since early morning when they sent off Ye Qingyu and the empress. They were now gazing at the distant sky with expectant eyes and focused, serious expressions.

Suddenly, in midair.

A mountain-sized, magnificent, and dignified divine temple reception airship slowly emerged from the clouds.

"It's the reception airship!"

"It's heading toward the Green Xuan Hall... It must be Her Highness and Lord Ye Qingyu returning!"

"Wonderful! They're finally back..."

"I wonder what the final outcome is."

When they saw the white airship gradually landing, the crowd let out a cheer and instantly became nervous.

The final outcome is about to be revealed!

As it arrived in the air above the Green Xuan Hall and slowly landed, the hearts of the near-thousand Heaven Wasteland people below could not help feeling high.

Nobody could restrain the tension and excitement in their heart any longer.

Even Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui were watching the airship with uneasy and complicated expressions.

Only Old Fish, who was carrying the silly dog and squatting on the white jade steps in front of the palace, seemed to be whispering something while occasionally sweeping a glance at the soon-to-land airship, as if he did not think too much of it.

A moment later.

The reception airship finally landed steadily on the square, under the expectant gazes of the crowd.

After an airstair was let down from the airship, the Heaven Wasteland empress, Yu Xiaoxing, and the Light Palace lord, Ye Qingyu, walked down together.

"Welcome back, Your Highness. Welcome back, Lord Ye Qingyu!"

The envoy members respectfully saluted in unison.

Every one of them had on a solemn yet tense expression and a pair of expectant yet anxious eyes. Nobody had the courage to walk forth and ask for the final outcome.

Indeed, to these beings of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, the news concerning the fate of the domain in which their race had lived for generations was simply too critical, such that as much as they were eager to know the outcome, they did not dare to confront it casually.

Among the crowd.

Exchanging smiles, Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing appeared moderately relaxed.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 838:


Chapter 855 - Worship and Celebration



When the envoys' eyes, many of which remained fixedly on Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing, saw that the two Heaven Wasteland leaders' expressions were not at all grave and even revealed smiles, they lit up almost immediately.

Have we passed?

They made guesses internally.

However, because of the tremendous importance of this outcome, they did not dare jump to conclusions.

The tension of this moment was such that nobody dared to believe their own judgments.

They would only believe the outcome announced personally by Her Highness and Lord Ye Qingyu.

Outside of the crowd's attention, Qin Hui and her son quietly followed the white-robed divine guard, Xiao Lin, and deplaned. They stood behind the duo, with Tian Ning tightly holding on to his mother's hand as his dark and large eyes curiously peered at the crowd on the square.

Ye Qingyu was in no hurry to announce what had already been established.

Turning his body to express his thanks to the white-robed divine guards who escorted him, he said, "My brothers, sorry for troubling you to make this trip. Thank you so much for sending us back."

"You're welcome. Commander Lin instructed us to take good care of you all, and I'm glad we managed to do just that. Now that our mission is complete, we shall head back to report." The divine guards saluted respectfully at Ye Qingyu and then turned to board the airship.

Subsequently, the airship rose slowly into the air and disappeared into the rosy clouds in the direction of the congress divine temple.

After the Alliance's airship left, the Green Xuan Hall suddenly became quiet.

For some time, the rippling sounds from the waterside pavilions on both sides of the courtyard became especially clear and melodious.

Everyone stood quietly on the spot, seemingly holding their breaths as they nervously gazed at Empress Yu Xiaoxing.

"Everyone, we passed the grading." The empress announced as she looked around at the crowd and smiled. At this time, she did not hold back the outcome which concerned the fate of the Heaven Wasteland Domain any further.

Boom!

The crowd instantly erupted into thunderous cheers.

Some people shouted ecstatically, some cried tears of joy, some hugged and bawled together, some sang the Heaven Wasteland folk songs aloud, while even more people tightly held on to the relics of those perished warriors, with tears covering their entire faces...

"Wonderful! Just wonderful!"

"We've passed the grading! Our domain is safe!"

"Haha, the storm is finally over! All of our suffering has paid off!"

"Haha, I long knew that we'd definitely pass the grading and have already made preparations for this. Your Highness and Lord Ye Qingyu, I took it upon myself to arrange a celebration banquet for tonight. We must certainly celebrate all we can!"

"Haha... time to get drunk for three days and three nights. What a torture this period of time has been!"

Many people were so excited that they acted unrestrainedly.

Watching the crowd and seeing that many people had forgotten themselves, Yu Xiaoxing simply remained silent.

...

For a period of time subsequently.

The entire Green Xuan Hall was in a state of fanatical joy.

Seeing that every envoy was excited like never before, Yu Xiaoxing's mood surged high as well, and her eyes became slightly moist.

By her side, Ye Qingyu seemed to vividly feel the joy of the crowd and exhibited the biggest smile he had made since the grading.

Having finally removed a huge rock that had been weighing down on his heart, he could breathe a little easier.

To one side.

"Mama, these uncles are so weird. Why are they roaring and cheering yet shedding tears at the same time?" Standing among the crowd, Tian Ning looked at his mother puzzledly.

When Qin Hui looked all around, she seemed to be infected by the mood, with a hint of excitement flashing across her eyegrounds. As she gently caressed Ning'er's hair, she said, "That's because these uncles have achieved something very noble and difficult, and are simply too excited and happy."

"Oh... Fairy elder sister and elder brother Ye Qingyu, congratulations!" Although Tian Ning did not understand what his mother meant, he could tell that this was a joyous occasion worth celebrating.

"Ning'er, you're such a good boy." Yu Xiaoxing smiled and nodded.

Ye Qingyu took a look at Ning'er, whose hair was somewhat messy and clothes were heavily wrinkled, while on his chubby little face remained some juice from the divine fruits.

As for his mother Qin Hui, although her clothes were neat and clean, her expression betrayed her exhaustion and fluster.

"Luo Yi." After thinking for a moment, Ye Qingyu summoned his personal bodyguard.

"My lord!"

When Luo Yi, who was cheering among the crowd, heard the summon, he immediately ran over, with his eyes still containing an irrepressible excitement.

"Go and arrange a place for Swordswoman Qin and her son to stay and also prepare all daily necessities. Make sure to be attentive to them," Ye Qingyu instructed.

"Yes, my lord, don't worry," Luo Yi respectfully replied.

After a brief revelry on the square of the Green Xuan Hall, Ye Qingyu was first to head back to his accommodation to rest.

After making simple personnel arrangements for the nighttime celebration banquet, Empress Yu Xiaoxing gathered a few messengers and swiftly dispatched them to send news of the grading back to the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Meanwhile, Luo Yi brought Qin Hui and her son to the female quarters at the eastern side of the Green Xuan Hall.

That night.

The moon shone brightly over the Green Xuan Hall as if it had also received an invitation.

On the northwestern side of the Green Xuan Hall was a palace named [Azure Sky Pavilion], which could accommodate several thousand people to dine.

This palace was made of a jade-like blue rock which was cool and moist. Its four walls were engraved with myriad motifs which were as vivid and smooth as drifting clouds, appearing exquisite and magnificent.

At present, the [Azure Sky Pavilion] was decorated with countless festoons and bright lanterns of all kinds of shapes which resembled blooming, fiery flowers.

The middle of the palace was already neatly arranged with hundreds of large round tables, on which were spread out many varieties of delicacies and good wine.

Several dozen logistics personnel and maids were shuttling busily throughout the hall, every one of them wearing a jubilant and cheerful expression on their faces.

A large altar of ten meters in length was placed at the front of the large hall. It had a black tablecloth as its base, covered by a white-and-silver-striped table runner, while various tributes and treasures were neatly arranged on both sides.

As time flew by, the envoys slowly arrived from different directions and gathered in the [Azure Sky Pavilion]. Every one of their faces had on a joyful smile.

Less than an hour later.

Completely devoid of empty seats, the hall was bustling and boisterous.

"Her Highness and Lord Ye Qingyu have arrived!" someone suddenly shouted from among the crowd.

Everyone turned their heads and saw Empress Yu Xiaoxing and War God Ye Qingyu walking into the [Azure Sky Pavilion] together.

Because this was a celebration banquet exclusive to the envoy mission, both of them were dressed casually and ordinarily.

The empress was wearing a light-yellow palace dress while her hair, which was tied in a bun, was only adorned by a simple golden ornament. Ye Qingyu, meanwhile, was wearing a white brocade robe, while his black hair was gently tied behind him.

"Greetings, Your Highness! Greetings, Lord Ye Qingyu!" The crowd stood up and saluted.

Yu Xiaoxing's expression, not quite as dignified as it used to be, carried a faint smile. "This is a celebration banquet and so there's no need to be polite."

"Your Highness and my lord, everything has been prepared," Luo Yi came forth to report.

Nodding, Ye Qingyu looked at Yu Xiaoxing, saying, "Then let's begin."

Thereafter, the duo walked toward the altar together.

In keeping with the Heaven Wasteland Domain's customs, the martyrs who had died on the grading journey must be honored before the celebration banquet could officially begin.

"Left Minister Qu Hanshan, Brute Race warrior Shi Potian, Jin Tuodao, Logistics Minister..." Holding a top-grade joss stick in his hands and maintaining a solemn and respectful expression, Ye Qingyu read out the names of the martyrs one by one, sincerely acknowledging their sacrifices.

Beside him, Yu Xiaoxing was similarly holding a top-grade joss stick and maintaining a solemn expression.

Below the altar, the near-thousand envoys, too, could not be any more attentive and solemn. As they gazed in the direction which the smoke drifted, they seemed to be inwardly telling those fallen heroes about the good news that was passing the grading.

It took roughly an hour before the ceremony concluded.

When Yu Xiaoxing and Ye Qingyu sat down on the seats of honor, the celebration banquet officially began.

Breaking into cheers once more, the crowd dropped the woes in their hearts and returned to a lively and excited state.

The large hall of the [Azure Sky Pavilion] again became a bustling scene.

At this moment, on the corridor in front of the large hall.

Bringing Ning'er along, Qin Hui stood far away in the shadows as she watched the toasting of glasses in the large hall, sniffed the fragrance of the wine, and heard the songs and laughter that pervaded the banquet. She could not help feeling sentimental and seemed to slip into memories of the past.

Not too long ago, the atmosphere in the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect was as united and vigorous as the Heaven Wasteland Domain was currently.

Unfortunately, that all could not last...

It was only when she came to the Green Xuan Hall that Qin Hui found out about Ye Qingyu's and Yu Xiaoxing's real identities.

She had heard stories about the [Ice Sword Killing God] and Lunatic Ye in the course of fleeing. However, she completely did not expect that this amiable, handsome, and gentle youth would actually be the bloodthirsty Killing God who was said to kill people like flies. After understanding everything about this, she became much more relaxed about her and her son's safety. Certainly, having obtained the protection of the [Ice Sword Killing God], they did not have to be afraid of the rebels from the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect.

It's just that...

Sighing lightly, Qin Hui remained a tad worried.

After all, Ye Qingyu had only just made a name for himself on the Road of Chaos, and was not from an upper domain or one of those super large forces, instead coming from a newborn lower domain. As strong as he was individually, his power was ultimately lacking.

Subsequently, however, she thought from a different perspective. Although she and her son had encountered a tragic disaster, the heavens took pity on them and allowed them to meet Ye Qingyu, and as a result, they were able to survive safely, and even had a temporary place to stay in.

She dared not predict what she would face next.

The final hope for the mother and son pair to survive had been entrusted to Ye Qingyu.

"Never thought you two would be here. Why not you enter the banquet and grab a bite? I've been finding you on Lord Ye Qingyu's behalf for some time." Luo Yi suddenly spotted Qin Hui and her son on the corridor and walked up to them.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 839:


Chapter 856 - Opportunity Knocks



Qin Hui diplomatically declined Luo Yi's invitation and brought Tian Ning back to their accommodation.

The banquet only came to an end near dawn.

After an entire night of celebration, many of the envoys slept soundly on the square, and even smiled in their dreams. Some remained in front of the campfire, laughing in their drunken stupors, yet tears flowed from their eyes as they held their glasses of wine up high and poured the wine on the ground as a sacrifice. Others returned to their respective chambers to rest.

The [Azure Sky Pavilion] gradually became quiet again.

Empress Yu Xiaoxing had left the banquet during its latter half. Perhaps this was just as well, for many people had remained unable to take it easy with her around. She had intended to go to the west courtyard to visit Great Dragon Turtle Demon, who had returned to his quiet room not long after the banquet began because his breath was weak. However, seeing her exhausted look, Ye Qingyu advised her to head back and get an early rest.

Ye Qingyu himself left during the latter half of the banquet as well.

Bringing along Luo Yi, he went to Great Dragon Turtle Demon's quiet room to check on the latter's condition.

"Hoho, Lord Ye Qingyu, having lived long enough to hear about the Heaven Wasteland Domain's grading success, I can die with no regrets. Don't waste any more Violet-Gold Dragon King Ginseng to extend my life, for such a precious herb can surely be put to better use. All I wish is for my dead body to be returned to the Southern Waters of the Heaven Wasteland..." Sounding very philosophical, Great Dragon Turtle Demon had apparently thought through life and death and was free of all worldly attachments.

"Great-grandfather..." Tears welled in Little Dragon Turtle Zhong Xuan's eyes as she felt a feeling of great sorrow.

"My little girl, don't cry." Great Dragon Turtle Demon feebly raised his hand to caress his great-great-great-granddaughter's forehead, saying, "The Heaven Wasteland's situation has been settled, and I'm considered one of those who made vital contributions. Her Highness and Lord Ye Qingyu will thus take extra care of the Dragon Turtle Race in the Southern Waters. The future is bright, and your generation has arrived..."

Ye Qingyu lifted his fingers off the other arm of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon and ended this round of examination and treatment, saying with a smile, "Don't be so pessimistic, Senior. Things may just take a turn for the better."

The latter's eyes lit up but quickly dimmed, "I understand your good intentions, but my demonic qi has been depleted and my vitality has been broken, and thus it would be difficult to cure me even with the legendary divine elixir. I know that you're saying this to console me, thank you so much."

Ye Qingyu still had more to say, but then saw that the latter was in a natural state of mind and no longer had the will to live. Supposing that he had been hanging on for the past few days because the grading outcome of the Heaven Wasteland Domain had yet to be determined, then now that the result was out and the news was excellent, he truly had no more concerns. Nothing anyone said would be of any use if he himself did not wish to live.

However, in reality, Ye Qingyu was not just perfunctorily consoling him.

Over the past few days, Ye Qingyu had been monitoring his internal condition, while because of his absolute trust in Ye Qingyu, he did not hide anything regarding it. As a result, Ye Qingyu could not be any more knowledgeable about it.

It was true that his demonic qi had dried up.

Demonic qi was to the demonic races as dantian was to the Human Race.

The drying up of demonic qi was thus akin to the shattering of the dantian world. To the demonic races, there was no chance of recovery from this, which was equivalent to the destruction of one's foundation. To give an analogy, when the wax of a candle had been burned up, there was no possibility for the flame to be sustained even if there was remaining candle wick.

However, when Ye Qingyu injected the wisp of bright-yellow Immortal qi and the wisp of Phoenix nirvana qi into his body, they settled down inside his demonic qi, within which Ye Qingyu indistinctly spotted an opportunity, and served to prolong his life together with the Violet-Gold Dragon King Ginseng.

But Ye Qingyu did not know exactly how to make the most use of this opportunity, and could not confirm that it would bring about a miracle that allowed the Great Dragon Turtle Demon to escape from death.

After giving it some thought, Ye Qingyu eventually did not bring up this matter.

He vaguely felt that Great Dragon Turtle Demon's philosophical state of mind was best for now. Perhaps, if he said too much, he might cause the latter to become stubborn, which would be disadvantageous to what he wanted to do next.

After chatting a little longer, he stood up and took his leave.

When he walked out of the quiet room, it was the darkest time of the long night. In Heaven Connect City, the four seasons were distinctive, and day and night were well-balanced, forming the best simulation of the natural environment's wonders among the nineteen cities of chaos. Ye Qingyu stood at the entrance of the west courtyard, looking at the distant firmament and inhaling a deep breath.

Dawn was coming really soon.

...

Another few hours passed.

The sky gradually brightened into a light-blue color and was covered with several gauze-soft clouds. A cool breeze gently blew against the flowers that bloomed in the Green Xuan Hall, causing light bouts of aroma to drift along with the wind and suffuse in all directions.

It was quiet and peaceful in the Green Xuan Hall.

Having not yet completely regained their senses from the previous night's celebrations, the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps members remained immersed in a festive aftertaste. Apart from those personnel who had earlier been arranged for shifts, the others were still deep in sleep.

However, a piece of news rocked Heaven ConnectCity at this very moment.

The Heaven Wasteland Domain had passed their domain grading!

It was unknown where this piece of news first spread from, but it disseminated at an insane speed anyway. A matter like the grading of a new domain was always going to receive the attention of various parties, and because the Heaven Wasteland Domain had created such a huge stir on the Road of Chaos, the attention it garnered for its domain grading became even greater, to the extent that, in only a night's time, this piece of news became like a shocking clap of thunder which was cast from the clouds of the Ninth Heaven and struck the entire Heaven Connect City with a booming noise.

Upon hearing about it, some of the forces and sects gathered in the city did not feel overly surprised.

However, the leaders of a few truly top-level forces and sects were astounded like never before.

Because they were the ones who had access to inside information, what they had seen and heard were naturally unbeknownst to many ordinary sects and forces.

Judging from the reports of various sources earlier gathered by these powerful figures, although the Heaven Wasteland Domain had caused a massive stir, there were still many super large forces which were extremely covetous of its resources and territory, and had secretly prepared to snipe this grading. Only these higher orders with access to better-informed sources knew that the grading outcome of the Heaven Wasteland Domain would have been a fail nine out of ten times...

The true dark currents were not known to the onlooking crowds.

And the power of these dark currents was absolutely frightening.

But now, it had only been a few days, yet the news that broke was completely different from the inside information received previously. What exactly was going on?

These important personages indistinctly felt an uneasiness.

Meanwhile, all kinds of discussions bubbled up throughout the streets and alleys of the entire Heaven Connect City.

"The Heaven Wasteland Domain actually passed their domain grading?"

"Didn't they not pass all of the tests? Why are they allowed to pass the grading?"

"Could it be because this new domain has a backer from the Alliance of Domains?"

"It appears that the Heaven Wasteland Domain is not an ordinary new domain. They must have got a more powerful force propping them up from behind!"

"The situation does seem a little weird. Hahaha, could the Human Race have finally produced another domain which can become dominant?"

"In any case, the Heaven Wasteland Domain will never be an anonymous little domain ever again. Its future knows no measure..."

"Well said. We must make good use of this opportunity which always develops after the grading of a new domain. We have to think of a way to contact the people in charge of the Heaven Wasteland Domain. As long as the conditions are right, we must move in. I'm certain that they would be very willing to work with us."

"That's indeed the case."

"We cannot lose any time, so let's get to work. Early this morning, I saw the president of the Flying Bears Association personally bringing gifts to the Green Xuan Hall. That fella's notoriously cunning and deceitful, and is definitely not just playing around. Let's not be beaten to it by him."

"Haha, that's indeed so. The accession of a new domain into the Alliance of Domains is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity indeed. The Flying Eagles Chamber of Commerce, which is easily top ten in Heaven Connect City at present, had shot up by making good use of the Clear River Domain's grading!"

"Speaking of the Clear River Domain, it's not too stable these days, and is said to be locked in battle..."

"Let's not talk about the Clear River Domain and instead focus on the Heaven Wasteland Domain, which isn't as easy to bully as the former. The [Ice Sword Killing God], Lunatic Ye is terrifying enough, let alone [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] who's backing them up imperceptibly..."

"That's right, those who have malicious ideas had better forgo this notion."

For some time, the discussions swept like an oceanic wave from Heaven Connect City to every giant city on the Road of Chaos.

The only topic of these discussions was none other than the new domain that was the Heaven Wasteland Domain, whose momentum of growth became unstoppable as soon it passed the domain grading!

Before the sun had risen up high, the main entrance to the front court of the Green Xuan Hall was already packed with bigwigs from the various sects, chambers of commerce, shops, and mercenary bands, each of them bringing gifts and putting on smiling faces.

When Yu Xiaoxing was woken up by her personal maids, she remained sleepy-eyed and exhausted, but after listening to the report, she washed herself up simply and regained fine spirits.

She knew very clearly that this was an opportunity for the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

The opportunity had arrived.

For the Heaven Wasteland Domain to become truly powerful, it would not be enough to depend solely on Ye Qingyu or the behind-closed-doors enterprise of the domain's various races. Instead, it needed to tap on external forces if it was to become self-governing and self-reliant.

At present, the various forces which had come to request a meeting were precisely the external forces which the Heaven Wasteland Domain needed to tap on.

Although several forces could be harboring unkind intentions, the domain ultimately could not give up eating for fear of choking. What needed to be done was to carefully screen and suitably guide these forces to be useful to the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Of course, this matter would not be settled so easily, but today was certainly a good day to meet these bigwigs from various parties.

After handing down a series of decrees, Yu Xiaoxing hauled her exhausted body to perform even busier work.

Meanwhile, in his own quiet room, Ye Qingyu was operating the nameless breathing technique and drawing the divine power from the one hundred and eighth god-level yuan liquid pill. This caused the yuan qi in his body to surge like an ocean and a silvery chill to diffuse while his eyes opened and closed intermittently.

His yuan qi finally returned to its peak state of old.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 840:


Chapter 857 – Pressing On

Ye Qingyu heaved a sigh of relief when he sensed the vigorous life force and bountiful yuan qi coursing through his body.

His foundation was damaged and his yuan qi had dried up after those two fierce battles at Black Moon Immortal Palace's Falcon City representative station and at the Chaotic Windstorm, but now he was finally back to full strength. His origin power was in perfect condition and his injuries had healed completely. He no longer needed to worry about cracks appearing in his martial foundation that could potentially affect his cultivation in the future.

Ye Qingyu finally felt a sense of relief wash over him.

"Thankfully, I had the divine-level Origin liquid with me. It was a relic left behind by the Lightning Emperor back then and had also been sanctified by him. This liquid was extremely effective for repairing my foundation and was the perfect medicine since it treated the root of my problem. If it were someone else who had been as seriously injured as I was, they would definitely have had their foundations seriously damaged. Even if they had other treasures, they would have not been able to recover without decades of cultivation."

Ye Qingyu slowly stretched his body in the quiet room.

He had to get used to his body again, just like a new-born child.

Then, he casually started to execute a few simple moves.

The move he executed was a basic body-refining technique known as the [Eight Part Divine Formula] that Wen Wan had imparted to him back when he was at White Deer Academy. Based on his current cultivation and martial cultivation, each move and gesture came naturally to him and his body moved with an ethereal charm and grace. He looked as though he was moving slowly but he left phantom shadows as he moved. In an instant, it seemed like there were dozens and then hundreds of Ye Qingyu’s executing different moves.

He did this to get accustomed to his body's strength.

Ye Qingyu's physical body had been on the verge of breaking apart after those two fierce battles. As he recuperated, his body had to be reconstructed from scratch, so this was like a whole new body to him. His physical body was now immaculate and in perfect condition. He was known for his strong body-refining ability, and everyone knew that after a certain level, it would be extremely difficult to progress. That was why the cultivation of the physical body was not popular in this world.

Even though Ye Qingyu had divine martial arts and secret techniques, he still faced the same predicament.

Unexpectedly, his destroyed body proved to be a blessing in disguise. He was forced to rebuild his body from scratch and this cleansed his body of its many impurities. After his body was remolded, his skin glowed like jade and he looked just as though he had returned to his fetal primordial state. His physical body was now a lot stronger than it was before.

The [Eight Part Divine Formula] he executed was a basic body-refining technique that had been cast aside by many experts. But the most basic of martial arts techniques tended to contain the purest form of the Great Dao. This was the principle behind the proverb “less is more”.

As Ye Qingyu increased the speed of his movements, he felt as though his entire body was on fire.

A force swept through his muscles and bones like a roaring flood, then howled wildly as it charged toward all the other parts of his body, as though it was about to set his body on fire. It was warm but not scorching, and it swept through his body like an Immortal fire as it refined his body.

"Just as I expected…"

Ye Qingyu's eyes flashed with delight.

This was what he had been expecting.

Thankfully, he had [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] decree to protect his body this time, and all these top-level mysterious powers, including the Yellow Immortal Qi, the power of the Phoenix's nirvana, and the divine-level Origin liquid, had complemented each other. This was how Ye Qingyu managed to truly remold his physical form to be akin to a primordial fetus. This was a very precious opportunity for any expert on the martial way.

Throughout the Vast Thousand Domains, some would describe those heaven-defying geniuses as “looking just as though they had begun cultivating in their mother's womb”. Although this was what most people yearned to be able to do, no living organism would be able to actually start their cultivation while still in their mother's womb. Those ancient creatures who could live forever were no exception, for their legacy was transmitted through their blood and not because they had started cultivating before they were born.

Martial artists could only start cultivating after they were born and through the various forms and techniques they cultivated; they pursued a primordial state. However, their acquired cultivation went against the flow of nature, and thus, they could only cultivate primordial power but not draw from the true source of the primordial state. Therefore, their foundation would never be considered primordial.

Only those who had reached the Martial Emperor realm could be considered to have a primordial foundation.

If one had a primordial foundation, one could then truly transcend worldliness.

By a stroke of luck, Ye Qingyu's physical body had reached a certain level of primordial foundation and as he cultivated the simple but profound [Eight Part Divine Formula], his body could freely absorb the power that originated from the Yellow Immortal Qi, the Phoenix's nirvana and the divine-level Origin liquid. His physical strength soared rapidly like a rocket.

This phenomenon lasted for two whole hours.

Ye Qingyu's figure was shrouded by a silver, nebula-like mist, and tiny ice crystals glistened with the dazzling radiance of jade. It resembled stars faintly twinkling in the Void and made Ye Qingyu look like a giant from the beginning of time who stood on the ancient vault of the universe, towering over everything, unparalleled in the universe.

Another two hours passed.

The ice crystals and nebula that surrounded him gradually re-entered his body. His body was like a sponge that absorbed everything in his surroundings, like a sea absorbing a thousand rivers. It was as though everything in the universe could be absorbed by his body.

"This is almost as good as it gets for my physical strength… If only... Sigh, what a pity. I don't think I will be able to maintain this half-step to the primordial foundation state for long. This effect will probably only last three to five days before it would gradually disperse." Ye Qingyu opened his mouth to take a deep breath.

“Swoosh!”

He sucked in the final star light that still remained outside of his body and the entire quiet room returned to stillness.

After his body was reconstructed, it was as though Ye Qingyu's body had regained its fetal primordial state. This was the dream cultivation state of all martial artists, but it was clear that just as an infant would be tainted with worldliness after its birth and lose its Primordial Qi, Ye Qingyu's state would similarly not be able to last long. After all, he had not reached the state of transcendence and was not yet a bearer of heaven's mandate that a true martial emperor would be. Therefore, he would not be able to stop the worldliness and its impurities from tainting his body and would gradually move out of this state.

This was the will of heaven and it could not be defied.

He looked inside his body toward his dantian world and saw that his inner yuan was full of vigor and roared like the wrath of the heavens. It had made even more progress than it ever did before. In his dantian world, his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] had regained its previous appearance. It was as clear as crystal and its skin as smooth as his own. It looked like a giant version of Ye Qingyu and was even many times more realistic than before.

"This [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] really resembles me. This is the sign of the Peak Immortal Step realm."

Ye Qingyu was slightly surprised, then as realization dawned, his face broke into an elated smile.

He immediately sat cross-legged on the floor once again, meditated with his divine sense, and emptied his mind and soul as he executed the nameless breathing technique and exerted his yuan qi. He would seize this opportunity while his body was still in the fetal primordial state to attempt to break through to the Saint realm.

After multiple battles and cultivation, Ye Qingyu's mental cultivation and cultivation of the martial way had undergone a metamorphosis. This coupled with the earlier refining of his physical body led his cultivation to skyrocket from the Fifth Step Immortal Step realm all to the way to the cusp of the Peak Immortal Step realm.

Whether it be his meridians, his dantian world, or his yuan qi, they were all roaring with vigor and were in their peak condition. The waves that rose from the yuan qi ocean in his dantian world were thousands of meters high. And as they smashed against his dantian, the Void of his dantian world seemed as though it was about to be smashed into smithereens. The [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] was like a god who controlled the giant waves. He stood on the fifth step on a stairway formed by these waves and dispersed the waves within a thousand-meter radius.

With one thought from him, his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] seemed to come to life and suddenly took a giant step toward the Void in the distance.

Next, another step appeared from these giant waves in his yuan qi ocean and welled up beneath the right foot of his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger]. This step was hundreds of meters taller than the fifth step from before, and it lifted his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] up high.

Ye Qingyu felt his body jolt slightly.

A strange sensation slowly spread across his body.

He had now reached the Sixth Step Immortal Step realm.

Although he had reached six of the nine steps of the Immortal Step realm, each increase in level within the realm contained an extremely profound meaning. Ye Qingyu's mental cultivation and his yuan qi had already reached the Peak Immortal Step realm, but his cultivation level of the martial way lagged behind. Now that he had increased his cultivation by one level, he felt his entire body relax. An indescribable feeling of treading on the air like an Immortal washed through his body.

However, he did not linger to bask in this feeling.

At his mental command, after his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] steadied itself on the sixth step of the giant stairway, it lifted its left leg and stepped toward the Void ahead.

He would continue pressing on for a breakthrough. As the saying went: “when the drums first beat, the spirit is excited. A second beat causes the spirit to wane, and with a third, it is exhausted”.

Since he had managed to succeed on his first attempt, he would continue to charge ahead. If he lingered to bask in the mystery of his new level, his momentum would weaken. Ye Qingyu was well-aware that it would be a silly and self-destructive move to attempt to charge ahead after his momentum flagged, and naturally, he would not commit such an error.

“Boom!”

Another step formed by the raging waves appeared in his yuan qi ocean. The moment his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] stepped downward, it rushed upward thousands of meters to hold it steady.

This was the seventh step formed by yuan qi.

The Seventh Step Immortal Step realm.

It steadied itself, then his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] lifted its foot again.

“Boom! Boom! Boom!”

The yuan qi ocean roared and howled as waves raged across the sky.

In less than thirty minutes, under Ye Qingyu's mental command, his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] had taken a total of four steps, and with each step, it landed steadily on the wave stairs without wavering, standing as tall and as still as a mountain. With every step it took, his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] grew more distinct. And by the time it was on the ninth step, its body, which had been formed by waves, started to take on a physical form. It looked very solid and firm and was no longer transparent. In terms of its physical proportions, it was exactly the same as Ye Qingyu's by the time it got to the ninth step. Their only difference lay in height—it was extremely tall, at least a thousand meters tall, like a giant who reached up to the heavens.

The Ninth Step Immortal Step realm.

In other words, the Peak Immortal Step realm.

Ye Qingyu's face was devoid of emotion.

He knew that this was not enough.

His momentum had yet to flag.

He would continue to press on and charge forward to the Saint realm.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

