Chapter 265:


Seeing the Dugu brothers stuttering and stammering, Wen Wan chuckled.

"Fine, fine, you can just call me brother Wen. Let’s put Ye Qingyu and your grandfather’s relationship separate. We can take care of our own hierarchy." Wen Wan finally said something a normal person would say.“

"Thank you uncle Wen." Dugu Tianxin still respectfully referred to him as uncle.

At least uncle was still their senior.

This was a show of respect and manners.

But as Wen Wan heard this, his face darkened exaggeratingly. "I told you to call me brother. What uncle, am I that old?"

Bai Yuanxing twitched slightly without anyone noticing. He remembered that Marquis also liked for others to call him brother and not uncle. No wonder they were teacher and student. Perhaps the occasional bad habits that Marquis Ye had, was really influenced by Officer Wen.

The Dugu brothers instantly laughed.

At this time, the two brothers could tell that the bearded man had a fun loving nature. His temperament was not bad. From his tone, he evidently knew who their grandfather was, so he should be a important person. Thankfully they had always been very polite and did not got overboard previously.

Song Zhi and his other cronies was ultimately not able to flee. They were all beaten to death.

"When I return, I will definitely teach my underlings well. This time we nearly caused a grave error, I hope that Miss Song can forgive us." Dugu Dixiu respectfully gave his apologies to Song Qingluo. After hearing what had happened from his servants, Dugu Dixiu had cold sweat all over his body. If matters really progressed as the trash Song Zhi planned, then his grandfather would definitely break their legs. After all, Song Zhi was the underling he had recruited.

Between the Dugu brothers, Dugu Tianxin had mercantile talent, and was the more ambitious of the two. The way he did things could be as counted as proper. As for Dugu Dixiu, he was somewhat more hedonistic, normally liking to play with around with meaningless affairs, and was idle all day. He did not have much ambition, and normally just like to play and enjoy life. Song Zhi and the others, were the cronies he had cultivated. This time, they nearly caused a catastrophe.

"No, no......you are being polite Master Dugu, I'm fine." Song Qingluo said somewhat exaggeratedly.

She was stunned by the identity of the opposing party. Furthermore, the twist and turn of this situation had caused too great a stimulus to her. Her thoughts were a complete mess. Even a clever girl like her could not adjust in such a short timeframe.

"Don't say useless crap." Wen Wan said loudly. "Miss Song wants the right to enter into the Proud sky centre, do you think you Dugu brothers can fulfill that wish or not."

As Song Qingluo heard this, her heart trembled, afraid that they won't help.

Dugu Tianxin smiled: "For such a small matters, that's naturally no problem. Just how many people does Miss Song want to bring inside? How about this, I'll tell my people to prepare an invitation for a merchant company to enter for you to have. It'll give Miss Song a second class stand. You can bring anyone up to 30 people inside. Will that fulfill your needs?"

"Truly?" Song Qingluo could not believe her own ears.

One must know that previously, her father had suffered countless cold laughter, being rejected and played around with time after time. And this was all because he wanted to gain the right to enter into the Proud sky centre. Even if he was only able enter for a short hour. She did not imagine that Dugu Tianxin would just directly give her an invitation and something called a second class stand.....

"Of course." Dugu Dixiu did his utmost to exhibit his best side. "In truth, the Dugu organisation can even obtain a first class stand for you. But the merchant companies of this area, requires at least one Spirit weapon as the treasure of such a stand. Furthermore, the companies from there are all a bunch of disagreeable characters. If you went there, I'm afraid you won't be able to adjsut to such an atmosphere. Therefore that's why my brother chose a second class stand. If you are not satisfied....."

"No, no no, I'm already very satisfied. Thank you, thank you master Dugu."

Song Qingluo was about to shed tears of happiness.

This really was searching for something all over but finding it landing at your own feet.

Originally, she was already in the midst of despair. She did not imagine the situation would turn about so abruptly and be settled just like that. This far exceeded her original hopes.

"Miss Song you are being too courteous. This is something easily done." Dugu Dixiu replied in a extremely respectful tone. "You are the lover of elder Ye, to be able to do something for you, is the honour of us brothers....."

Song Qingluo face lit up like red clouds, her face like fire. She was so embarrassed she wanted to hide.

But without knowing why, there was a sweet feeling in her heart.

Fourteen to fifteen was namely the age when most people started to immerse themselves in romance. When Ye Qingyu had exhibited his unparalleled talent at White Deer academy, his glory had completely enshrouded all the other geniuses of white Deer academy. It was only that, Ye Qingyu came from a common background and always acted and did things alone. People who did not know him could hardly approach him. The only person who was somewhat close to him was Song Xiaojun. Song Qingluo did have some feelings for Ye Qingyu, but she could not exhibit it, nor did she have the opportunity to show it.

Who would have guessed that in less than a year, that youth of a common background, was now noble beyond words. Even the highest noble students of the noble families in White Deer acadmey, had no way of ever comparing to him.

Song Qingluo suddenly felt, that her clumsy and ditzy little sister Song Xiaojun, perhaps was the person with the greatest insight out of all the students.

"No...we are only...."

Song Qingluo lowered her head, her voice as weak as the buzz of a fly. She could not say the other half of the explanation no matter what.

Before she had finished, suddenly---

Boom!

A strange aura, suddenly exploded without any indication from the North West direction.

This was a feeling that was exceedingly change.

It was as if there was some terrifying and vast power, that was spreading out explosively throughout the air using some method that could not be discerned using the naked eye. Song Qingluo felt like her inner organs was being struck by this powerful spiritual surge, causing her to nearly scream out loud.

Then they could see, all the clouds in the skies swirling.

In the blink of an eye, all the clouds had completely disappeared.

It was as if the hand of an invisible deity had swept the skies completely clean. There was an unprecedentedly azure dome of heaven appearing, as if it had just been washed.

The exhibited shocking splendour and beauty, caused Song Qingluo to be speechless.

"What's happening?"

She turned her head to look at the others.

The Dugu brothers were regarding each other, both as confused as the other.

"There’s a top class expert who's broken out of isolation training." The beardless middle aged man that was previosuly beside the two brothers had shock written all over his face, as if he had just witnessed a deity. His mouth was wide open as he looked at the North West direction.

"This is…..”

Wen Wan's face no longer had any hint of teasing. He was both shocked, and somewhat confused.

At this time, there was the sound of a true explosion from far off.

Boom!

The dust rose up from the North West direction, large amounts of rock shooting in the skies.

A ray of light shot up into the skies.

This scenery, was like a gigantic stone had just been dropped into the ocean. There were ripples upon ripples undulating in the azure blue sky, the invisible air currents fluctuating above like a tsunami. The originally calm and quite blue sky started boiling, the peacefulness of everything being destroyed. It was as if some barrier in the sky was being torn apart.

Boom!

A storm began to gather.

At this time, there was no light at all. There was a coldness that seeped into the bones emanating hundreds of miles throughout the land.

Clouds suddenly appeared, the white cloud layer nearly covering the entire sky. The raging storm tore aparts the layer of clouds, and the white clouds became as violent as the sea in a storm. The scenery constantly transformed. Finally there were translucent snowflakes that floated up from high above to the ground below.

"It's snowing?"

There were people letting out gasps of shock.

The season currently was the end of Spring. Although Youyan pass was a place of the bitter cold, but it was still rare for snow to descend at such a time.

Snowflakes floated and scattered, landing on Youyan Pass.

Another even more inexplicable scenery appeared. The cloud layer that was throughout the sky suddenly constricted. Like a whale sucking in water, in less than three breaths of time, it suddenly consolidated, turning into a piercing bright point of light. It was a possible to see the figure of a person within this point of light, then everything disappeared. The dazzling jewel like azure blue sky appeared once again.

A bright glaring sun, hung in the sky.

The sunlight war warm.

A moderate wind and a beautiful sun.。

But snowflakes were still floating down.

Under the illumination of the sunlight, these translucent snowflakes emitted a colourful splendour. It was as if there were multicoloured sprits dancing in the sky singing, an exceeding beautiful scenery. Those who saw such a scene, were all completely dumbfounded by its beauty.

"These signs, are the premonition that a top class expert is about to breatk through. I wonder just what genius has entered into the Bitter Sea stage?"

The white faced beardless man said in an unsettled tone, not yet recovered from such shock.

He originally was an extremely famous martial expert. But it was still his first time witnessing such a scene. For such a powerful energy fluctuation to appear, it evidently was the aura of someone who had just steppped into the Bitter Sea stage. But if it was a normal Bitter Sea stage expert appearing, just how would it create such a scene that made it seem like a deity was descending. The landscape was completely changed. This was not the doing of a mortal.

It was not only him alone.

Within Youyan pass, there were countless experts that were stunned by such a scene.

Crepe Myrtle sect, Deer cauldron sect, Violet Seven stars sect, Dragon tiger sect........

In the residence of these top level sects, the young and proud disciples stared with fear at the scenery in the skies. They were guessing, just which genius of which sect, had stepped past this utterly important boundary at this time.

-----------------------------

Pass Lord's Residence.

Lu Zhaoge's face was complicated.

Liu Yuqing stood at the window of the Military council pavilion, faintly smiling.

Behind him, Xing'er stood dumbly staring at the snowflakes floating in the sky. He stretched out his palm, it was slightly cold. Very quickly, it turned into a drop of water, translucent like jade. Under the illumination of the sunlight, it reflected a radiant brightness.

-----------------------------

Hundred herb hall, top floor.

There was a strange lotus fire flickering in Dugu Quan's palm.

"Haha, this aura.......that's right, it's him. My eyes were definitely not wrong."

………………….

The entrance to the Proud sky centre.

Song Qingluo felt her vision blurring.

A white clothed, black haired youth appeared.

This young man had a tall slender body and a handsome face. His eyes was as deep and as mysterious as stars in the sky, his eyebrows hidden beneath his hair. He had long hair, seeming to be flicks of light fluctuating in his hair. He was wearing a white robe, and it was so clean and pur ethat it was like perfect snow on top of a snowy mountain for tens for thousdans of years.There were not any impurites at all. A silver hairpin, held his long black hair back. There was an indescribable aura about him due to his prescence.

It was him!

Song Qingluo's heart, suddenly began fiercely beating.

------------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 266:


She had not seen him for a very long time, but Song Qingluo was able to recognise him at first glance.

It was Ye Qingyu.

This youth that did not join any groups and lived apart from others, this youth that walked alone in White Deer academy. From the perspective of the majority of students of the same year, he was somewhat cold and emotionless. Song Qingluo did not have much contact with him, there were only several interactions between the two. Furthermore, these brief interactions were all to stop Song Xiaojun from associating with him.

Compared to previously, the white clothed youth in front of her, at this moment emitted a charming radiance.

A year had not even passed, but right now, not even the students that who came from the most powerful and significant families in White Deer academy could be compared to this student who had emerged from the poor. After carefully thought, even the people in Deer city could not be compared to this poor student. Perhaps the only entity capable of standing on even footing with him was the famous Qin family that the City Lord belonged to.

"Junior sister Song, long time no see."

Ye Qingyu had a faint smile as he greeted her.

Just now, he had broken out of his isolation training. He had activated the [Second Limit] of the [Limitless divine way], and instantly had a battle power that was comparable or even greater than the Bitter Sea stage. This was an extremely profound feeling. At that moment, Ye Qingyu felt that he had no way of controlling his own power. That's why such a abnormal scenery had appeared where it snowed throughout the land, and his consciousness spread out like the ocean everywhere. That's the reason why suddenly discovered Song Qingluo's aura with shock.

That was the reason why he had appeared.

He did not imagine he would really see Song Qingluo.

"Senior brother Ye." Song Qingluo hurriedly paid her respects.

Her heart began to fiercely beat.

"I did not expect to see Junior sister Song here." Seeing someone that he once knew, Ye Qingyu was in a great mood. Asking, " Could it be that the White Deer academy has come to Youyan pass, to use it as a place to gain experience and train?"

"No, no, I've already handed in my notice to leave the White Deer academy." Song Qingluo had a dim face.

Ye Qingyu's eyebrows perked up: "Oh, what happened?"

Song Qingluo recounted the tale of the Song family briefly.

So it was like this.

When Song Xiaojun had participated in the ambush to kill Lu Zhaoge that day, Ye Qingyu had guessed that this matter would have some far reaching effects. But he did not imagine, that the Song family would fall like so. Within the Deer city, the Qingluo merchant company could be counted as a vast entity. But within the entire Snow Empire, when it was compared to the true top level financial organisations, it was miniscule like a speck of dust. Even if Lu Zhaoge did not pursue this matter but there were many forces trying their best to please Lu Zhaoge that would definitely not let the Song family get off easily.

"Master." Bai Yuanxing came over, recounting everything that had happened roughly.

Ye Qingyu was alarmed after hearing this.

To imagine that there would be such a matter that had nearly occurred.

If she had not encountered Wen Wan, then Song Qingluo would be....

"Marquis."

"We pay our respect to Marquis."

Dugu Dixiu and Dugu Tianxin both hurriedly came over to pay their respects, giving their apologies at the first opportunity.

The two were extremely uncertain and worried, worried that Ye Qingyu would be enraged and not willing to let the matter rest.

"En, thank you for the matters today." Ye Qingyu's complexion was calm as he said thanks."Originally I wanted to go to Hundred herb hall to pay my respects to my sworn brother, but I've only just left closed isolation training, so I still have some matters to take care off. Can you tell my sworn brother, that I will definitely pay him a visit tomorrow." As he spoke to here, he pointed to the Song Qingluo beside him. "This Miss Song, is my good friend. Please take care of her."

"How would we dare not follow Marquis's request." Dugu Tianxin quickly rushed to guarantee that he would do as Ye Qingyu directed.

Dugu Dixiu told Ye Qingyu of the arrangements that he had made for the Song family, worried that Ye Qingyu would be dissatisfied with his plans.

"How does sister Song feel about this?" Ye Qingyu turned to look at Song Qingluo.

"Very good, it's enough, it's enough." Song Qingluo quickly said.

Ye Qingyu smiled, turning his head to regard the Dugu brothers: "Then you have my thanks."

The two quickly rushed to say they don't dare accept his thanks.

After such simple exchanges, it was enough for the two to realise that this Marquis Ye really did regard this girl significantly. The two secretly planned that they must definitely protect the safety of Song Qingluo when they entered the Proud sky centre. As long as they were able to achieve this, this would be their greatest gain from coming to Youyan pass.

Ye Qingyu was about to say something, when his gaze shifted, seeing a figure far away. A thought striking him, he turned towards Song Qingluo: "I still have matters attend to, so I need to go first. If you have time, Junior sister Qingluo, you can come to White Horse tower to talk about old times. It’s good to reminisce about the past ."

"Thank you senior brother Ye."

Song Qingluo sincerely gave her thanks.

She knew, the reason that she was able to be released from her nightmares, the reason that even people as important as the Dugu brothers would be so courteous to her, was because of the youth in front of him.

This youth was once the same as her, but today their breed were completely different.

……

……

White Horse tower.

"Hey, don't try to bluff me, you've really entered into the Bitter sea stage?" Wen Wan walked circles around Ye Qingyu, not understanding what he saw.

Ye Qingyu shook his head: "Just how could it be so easy. It's not even been a year from entering the White Deer academy to now."

"But the abnormal scenery in the land, that aura......" Wen Wan said, not quite believing in his words.“

Ye Qingyu did not conceal anything. "This is due to the technique that I’ve cultivated in. In an instant, I can posses a battle power that can be compared to the Bitter Sea stage, it cannot last long.....But even if it was only for an instant, I still received significant benefits. I can faintly feel the power of the Bitter Sea stage. The reason they are called top level experts, is not only because of the vastness of their inner yuan. It's a type of sensation that is akin to the Dao. But it was a pity that this lasted too short a time and the sensation is too unclear. I cannot truly grasp anything as of yet.”

WEn Wan had his mouth gaping wide open, like he was staring at a fiend. After half a moment, he cursed: "Monster."

Ye Qingyu smiled proudly.

He thought of the time that he was at White Deer academy. Everytime he finished speaking to Wen Wan, he would show off his martial footwork, disappearing in a flash. Right now, this person who liked to show off, was finally shocked by Ye Qingyu.

"Then what's your cultivation right now?" Wen Wan asked once again.

Previously, he was able to sense what Ye Qingyu's inner yuan cultivation was. But ever since Ye Qingyu had left closed isolation training, Wen Wan no longer had any way of seeing through Ye Qingyu's level of cultivation. This made him shocked.

Ye Qingyu faintly smiled.

Sixty snow dragon mirages roared out from within his body, illusory but looking real. It emitted roar after roar, coiling around his body, like dragons protecting its master. It's fierce aura emanated everywhere, silver radiance shining off him. A mighty draconic aura spread throughout, causing the air of the quiet room to become turbulent, making Ye Qingyu seem like a War God reborn.

"Sixty spirit springs?"

Wen Wan was taken aback.

In less than a year of time, to cultivate to sixty spirit springs. Even for a genius, this needed at least ten or twenty years of time before it could be achieved. This was far too terrifying. Wen Wan was truly shocked. He could be sure, that there must be some sort of secret hiding within Ye Qingyu's body or this would absolutely defy all common sense.

However, it was only a cultivation of sixty Spirit springs. That should not be enough to cloud even him from discerning his true cultivativation level.

Of course, Wen Wan would definitely not display such shock and suspicions.

"En, it's about average. You have the right to enter into the Proud sky centre, but it's only that, this is still somewhat difficult to crush the geniuses of the sects." Wen Wan pretended he was not surprised at all, speaking in an advising tone.

"I naturally have other ways." Ye Qingyu chuckled, then remembered: "Why are you so idle? There's nothing to do in the Vanguard?"

Wen Wan guffawed: "My military post has already been transferred to the White Horse tower."

“Just when was this?" This time Ye Qingyu was really alarmed.

"Several days ago." Wen Wan stated triumphantly. "Hehe, Marquis Ye, right now I am your subordinate. Arrange something that's not too hard for me to do, after all we were once teacher and student."

Ye Qingyu was speechless.

"Just do whatever you want. Do you think I could actually command you?" Ye Qingyu kneaded his head. "Did you really do your best to leave the Vanguard, just because you wanted to laze about here?"

Wen Wan smiled proudly but did not say anything.

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

"Just what are you planning to do later?" Wen Wan changed the subject. "The disturbance you caused today was too great. You've most likely already attracted the attention of many parties. The Martial meeting still has three days before it begins, you should temporarily avoid the spotlight.”

Ye Qingyu smiled: "What am I going to do? Of course I am going to continue to remain in closed isolation training.

Hearing this, Wen Wan was thoughtful.

……

……

Ye Qingyu once again entered closed isolation training.

There were still about ten pounds of Origin crystals left from thirty pounds.

But he could not longer rely on it to increase his cultivation level. Increasing thirty Spirit springs in one go, was already the limit. Origin crystal was a great material, but he could not rely on it too much. As the saying goes, the highest building starts from the stablest foundation. The stable foundation was the most important thing about high buildings. There would be a long period of time after this where Ye Qingyu would not use the Origin crystal to absorb yuan power anymore. What was important currently, was to stabilise his current cultivation state.

He was like a child that had grown up overnight. He needed to get accustomed to his new body. Therefore Ye Qingyu needed to quickly adjust to the vast yuan qi power within his body.

Time flew by.

In the blink of an eye, it was the afternoon of the third day.

Tomorrow morning, it was the day of the Martial alliance meeting.

The streets a thousand metres outside Proud sky centre, were utterly packed, completely filled with people. All the tall buildings around had already been completely booked, and there were even people that began constructing make shift wooden towers. There were already people in the tall trees positioned around Proud sky centre, and the army had sent numerous patrolling squads to maintain order.

The top floors of the various restaurants and inns in various directions, had already been completely booked and being sold off for an insane price.

All sorts of large merchant companies had already arrived.

All the experts of the large sects, had also largely arrived at the Proud sky centre. Even from far away, many people was still able to sense fluctuation after fluctuation. For so many martial artists to gather at once, even normal people could sense the yuan qi currents was different from normal.

The sunset was like blood.

There was a restless aura flowing in the tranquil air.

The White Horse tower was four miles away from the Proud sky centre, standing tall like a mountain.

Under the illumination of the setting sun, the body of the tower seemed like it was dyed in blood.

This was one of the focal points that everyone focused on.

Everyone knew, that one of the movers and shakers of Youyan pass, Marquis Ye had always remained in closed isolation training these days.

The martial meeting at the Proud sky centre, was an event where the sects could collectively demonstrate their muscles. This was a true clash between the army and the Jianghu. Only people who truly understood the inner affairs, would realise just what this meeting represented. The result of this meeting would not only affect the balance at Youyan pass, it would also be enough to affect the balance of the entire Snow Empire.

For the Youyan army, if one carefully looked at the prodigies of the younger generation that had emerged in the last decades that could truly be comparable to the geniuses of the sects, one could only find two.

One had turned into a demon.

One was within White Hose tower.

The gazes of the soldiers patrolling on the streets were filled with expectation as they gazed upon White Horse tower.

The army regarded glory importantly.

Glory was like their life.

The fame in JIanghu, the achievements of a soldier, were two things that could make men shed blood the most.

At this moment, both parties did not want to abandon this battle over glory.

The Youyan army had defended the borders for tens of years. Blocking the powerful demon race so it could not advance south another step. Everyone in the world knew of such a great achievement. They did not want to be suppressed by the sects, even in a field that they did not specialise in. It was unknown who said it first, or who thought of it first, but everyone's hopes were placed on the master of White Horse tower.

The last glimmer of sunlight disappeared from the tower.

The sky gradually turned into a dim blue colour.

Lights began to be lit from all directions.

There was an abrupt yuan qi fluctuation in the air. It was as if there was a vast ocean hanging in the middle of the air that was currently turbulently swirling. Yuan qi swirls were generated, and it seemed like the space all around had turned into grit. A gigantic foot covered by black clouds, suddenly appeared without any warning whatsoever. It was as it broke through a screen in the air, stomping down from the blue sky high above.

The entire Youyan pass, seemed to be vibrating as a result of this.

The giant foot fell.

The place where it was landing towards, was namely the White Horse tower.

The White Horse tower that had stood for sixty years in White Horse tower, crumbled like a large rock striking wheat. It suddenly bent, then broke, then turned to dust.

Before the rock and dust could even rise up, this giant foot once again stomped down from the sky.

Boom!

A giant foot print, metres deep, replaced the area where White Horse tower had once stood.

A black yuan qi current was swirling.

All of the surrounding architecture around White Horse tower, were surprisingly unaffected.

The giant foot instantly disappeared.

A dense black aura emanated in the air.

The ripples in the air dissipated.

This entire process, happened in less than two or three breaths.

In the time of the spark of a flint, everything was settled. It was so fast one could not react at all.

Only when the giant foot disappeared, did people began to react.

"Who dares."

A clear and low shout, boomed out from the direction of the Pass Lord's Residence. A golden radiance like the morning sun rising, broke through the air, breaking apart the barriers of space. It pierced the direction where the giant foot had once appeared. There was a flash, and in an instant, it disappeared to who knows where.

There was a low grunt that emitted from within the air.

Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!

Tens of lights shot out from various directions in the city, appearing in an instant above White Horse tower.

"They deserve to die!"

"The tower has turned to dust....."

"The people in the tower...."

"Who was it?"

There were shouts of rage. The first people who appeared at the scene, were the experts from the Youyan army.

[The Butcher of Youyan], Liu Siufeng was within this group.

Liu Siufeng was both shocked and enraged as he stared at the three toed footprint hundreds of metres in size below. He descended instnatly, his consciousness spreading out like a flood. He wanted to see if he could still detect anyone still alive, especially Ye Qingyu.....

He hoped that this little brat, was not within the tower......

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 267:


268 - The secret behind domains

Hundred herb hall, top floor.

Dugu Quan had a faint smile on his face as he regarded Ye Qingyu.

"Do you believe it now. I already said, the commotion you caused that day was too great. There are some old bastards that absolutely would not be able to resist acting out after seeing such a scene. On the surface, although everything seems calm, but between the Empire and the sects, there were already many of such incidents where they've tried to erase our young prodigious talents. The hidden blades in the shadows is enough to make one shiver. There are many geniuses in this world, but there are only a few that can truly grow up. You have already attracted the attention of some parties, so you had best be careful."

Dugu Quan grinned as he said such words.

Ye Qingyu's expression was calm as he nodded his head: "It's only that, I did not imagine they would be so reckless. To dare incite the wrath of the Youyan army, can we discover just who did such a thing?"

"Difficult." Dugu Quan shook his head. "Since they dared to act, they must have made complete preparations. They've disguised their identity really well, it will be extremely hard to pursue them. And even if we discover who they are, then so what? In the eyes of the common people, the Imperial Court dictates everything. But in reality, the power of the sects is much stronger than what peoples believes. Although they are wary of the power of Imperial Court of Snow Empire, and won't dare directly confront them, but they will not be afraid of the investigations of the Snow Empire. Since ancient times, martial power is needed to control and restrict martial experts. But for those true Extreme Level experts, just how would they even care about the power of the Empire."

"Extreme Level experts?" Ye Qingyu's eyebrow perked up, saying with surprise: "According to what brother Dugu says, could it be that there exists Extreme Level experts within the sects?”

Above top level experts, were Extreme Level experts.

Extreme Level experts were existences that had surpassed the Bitter Sea stage. According to legends, after leaving behind the shackles of Houtian, your very actions could distort reality. A breath can create an endless storm, they can breathe in and dry the ocean. They possessed an endless lifespan, everyone of them possessing the power to change the very landscape. They could be called truly invincible.

Those existences that stood at the peak, were not powers that the Imperial authority could restrict.

If there were such experts existing in the sects, than it was most likely that the Snow Empire would long have been destroyed.

Unless....

Unless there were also such experts within the Imperial Court of Snow Empire.

Ye Qingyu was frightened by his own conjecture.

Dugu Quan shook his head.

"This is had to say. When the Snow Empire it was founded, battle was everywhere, with the fires of war raging in th skies. Not only did it need to conquer all the major forces around, it also had to fight many battles with the sects located in Heaven Wasteland domain. There were thousands of sects in Heaven Wasteland domain, and it was said the Three Sects and Three schools, were not the true leaders of the sects at that time. There were some vast sects that had near a million of disciples, leviathanic entities. That was an era that truly belonged to the sects.”

Dugu Quan had a nostalgic expression as he had recounted the tale.

He was accomplished in the Pill Dao, and his cultivation was at the Biter Sea stage. He possessed great longevity and had experienced the long passing of time. Thinking back to the past, he could not help but sigh.

Ye Qingyu silently listened.

Ye Qingyu did not know much about the situation before Snow Empire was founded. There were very few texts regarding this within the library of White Deer academy. There were also pitifully few tales regarding such indidents. Before this, Ye Qingyu had never really heard of such matters.

This was because Snow Empire had intentionally restricted the spread of such information.

"Did you know, that the Imperial family of Snow Empire, were not people originally from Heaven Wasteland domain. They came from other domains." Dugu Quan seemed to have thought of something, repressing his voice and speaking in a mysterious manner.

"Ah?" Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

It was his first time hearing of such a thing.

Outside the domain?

"En, they came from other domains. This is a legend that is hard to prove, but what one can be sure of is that, Snow Empire did not exist a hundred and fifty years ago. There was not even a sect called the Snow Sect or anything alike. The Snow empire seemed to be a force that descended from the heavens and suddenly became prominent, dominating everywhere. In sixty years of time, it had crush many sects, and destroyed hundreds of forces. Ultimately it was able to establish an Empire in the human territory of Heaven Wasteland domain.“

Dugu Quan seeing that Ye Qingyu seemed to be really interested in history, began recounting such stories in detail.

In this world, there were three thousand different domains. Everyone of them was a different world. Heaven Wasteland domain was a relatively young domain, and there was still a large area that was still shrouded by mist, completely unexplored.

There would often be gates that linked domains together.

True Extreme Level experts using the remarkable abilities they had, could travel between domains without going through a domain gate. However, there were also powerful forces that could borrow the power of Dao tools and the like, to open a passageway, conencting to different domains. For normal experts however, they could only rely on the domain gates to travel back and forth from other domains.

There was an extremely limited number of domain gates in each domain. Most of such gates were held in the hands of the top factions, being treated as a precious resorce. This caused there to be little interaction between other domains, making it seem that the domain was completely isolated.

The rarity of these domain gates, also led to difficulties in invading other domains. Adding to this, the instability of the laws of the world in some domains, would cause experts of the other domains who forcefully entered into a domain to lose their cultivation, their strength dropping. They might even incite the punishment of a heavenly tribulation. Therefore those at the true Extreme Level , would not dare enter with their true body.

The greatest value in interaction between domains, was that they could exchange cultivation resources and commodities.

Commonly seen herbs, commodities and resources in one domain, perhaps would be regarded as an absolute treasure in another domain. Through such transactions, both parties could obtain vast benefits.

That was the reason all the forces wanted to control such rare domain gates into their own hands.

The birth of a domain was said to be the result of the natural flow of the creation force and laws. It was a natural formation of the power of the world. For a new domain to be born, this would require the opportune moment in long aeons of time. In the vast thousand worlds, it needed billions if not trillions of years for the birth of a new domains to occur.

The domains of the Vast Thousand Worlds, was like a lifeform. It would be born, grow up, mature, stabilise, deteriorate, destruct. Everything followed a process. And according to the concentration of Spirit qi, the size of the domain, the wealth of its resources, the age of the domain, one could classify a domain into different grades.

As he spoke to here, Dugu Quan said: "Heaven Wasteland domain can be counted as a new domain that is curretnly growing up. The laws of the world is still not entirely stabilised, so the martial power compared to those mature domains cannot be comparied. So if there really was a force from a Higher Domain that came from some sort of channel to here, and wanted to rule Heaven Wasteland domain, this would not be too difficult a task.”

A thought flash in Ye Qingyu's head, he said: "You mean....the Imperial court of Snow Empire, could possibly be a force from a higher domain?"

"This is one explanation, but it has no evidence to back it up or to determine whether it is false. Those who descend from a Higher Domain will be restricted by the laws of Heaven Wasteland domain. This is especially so for those domains who are yet to stabilise and are still in the midst of growing up. The restrictions on such domains are especially powerful, so the forces of other domains will not lightly descend." Dugu Quan said, not denying or ascertaining Ye Qingyu's thoughts.”

Ye Qingyu did not saying anything, remaining silent in thought.

"There are two great races in Heaven Wasteland domain today, the Human race and the Demon race. But apart from this there is the Brute race, the Ghost race, as well as some other legendary beasts. Although they are in the extreme minority, without any authority whatsoever. It is said that there are ten domain gaites in Heaven Wasteland domain, four held by Snow Empire, three by the demon race, two by the sects, and one by the minor race....Only those who control a domain gate, has the power to speak to the other forces of the other domains.“

Dugu Quan breathed in: "Controlling a domain gate is tantamount to controlling an escape route, a route to life. There are infinite possibilities. Even them, the Dugu financial organisation, one of the great families within Snow Empire, has never seen a domain gate before.”

"In other words, since the Snow Empire controls four domain gates, their position should be unshakeable." Ye Qingyu said.

"That’s is not entirely correct. The domain gates are dead, people are alive. There is not an impossible matter in this world as long as there is a will. Snow Empire was able to take the domain gates from the hands of other people, therefore other people can also take it back." Dugu Quan smiled: "Furthermore, Heaven Wasteland domain is a domain that is still developing and growing. It's possible there will be a new domain gate that will appear.At that time, this represents the balance will be broken.“

"New Domain gates?" Ye Qingyu was taken aback."

"Of course, domain gaters are interspatial corridors. Old domain gates can be extinguised, new domain gates can appear. Everything is possible." Dugu Quan stated in a manner that seemed as if everything was perfectly logical. "Since the founding the Snow Empire, we have conquested tens of thousands of miles and shed countless blood. Right now, it seems that we can coexist peacefully with the sects. But we have fought in great wars against them, the seed of hatred has already been planted. These years although it seems that all is calm between the Empire and the Sects, but there are still many conflicts in the shadows. Although it is not possible that a full scale war will break out, but there are many smaller scale battles that could occur.

"Thank you brother Dugu for telling me so much." Ye Qingyu gave his thanks sincerely.“

This was the time Ye Qingyu had heard of such an explanation and such secrets.

Hearing Dugu Quan recount everything, Ye Qingyu had a feeling that everything became clear at once.

Dugu Dixiu and Dugu Tianxin stood side by side, their hands at their sides respectfully.

There were also faint signs of shock written on the vestiges of the Dugu brothers.

Evidently it was their first time hearing of such secrets from their grandfather.

At that same time.

In the rear courtyard of the Hundred herb hall store, Jin Ling'er and Li Qi and Li Qi were busy practicing martial arts. Mother Wu was bustling in the country, where the kitchen emitted a dense fragrant smell. It attracted the works of the Hundred herb hall to stare at the direction of the kitchen while dripping saliva.....

That night, the storm raged on at Youyan Pass.

The news that White Horse tower had been destroyed, spread throughout Youyan pass, like it had grown wings.

The army reacted instantly.

The surroundings of the White Horse were placed under complete lock.

The Pass Lord's Residence also sent out experts, investigating the place and continuing to search for clues.

Ye Qingyu, the favourite of the people, was currently missing. There were many people discussing such a question but there was no other information forthcoming.

Time quickly passed in such hustle and bustle.

The second day, the weather was good.

A blue sky, gentle warm sunlight. This really was rare good weather.

The Proud sky centre became the centre of Youyan pass.

There were power formation arrays within and outside of Proud sky centre that was flickering. The sects and the army had acted togther. According the rumours, even if it received the full power strike of an extreme level expert, then it is possible for it to survive.. There is a massive formation array stage within the courtyard. He had already made his preparations. he did not know just how much blood of these young heroes would splatter on this stage.

The matters of Jianghu, will be settled in Jianghu.

Thsi was the large trap that the Sects digged. They wanted to use the method they were used to, to solve some tricky matters.

As the first ray of sunlight illuminated the fake mountains of the Proud sky centre, the curtains to this event gradually opened-----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 268:


269 - The number ten pavilion

The cool breeze arrived made the water ripple slightly.

Under the illumination of the golden morning sun, the bright moon lake at the centre of the Proud sky centre, seemed like it was golden liquid. There was a broken beauty about it.

Within the large Proud sky centre, figures were already colliding against each other due to how people there were.

There was still an hour left till the Proud sky centre was truly opened. When the appointed time came, and all those who invited came, then the Proud sky centre would become closed off. The army would send their elite to guard the surroundings of the Proud sky centre, so that those who were unrelated to this matter had no way of entering. This would ensure that this Martial meeting could continue properly.

The locations of the large sects and financial organisation had already been set.

In the most central part of the Bright Moon Lake, a water areana was erected. Tens of metres tall, it was made from formation metal. It flickered with a golden light. One could see the patterns of the metal along with the flickering of this light. The arena was in the shape of an octagon, without any railings whatsoever at the edges. The surface was so smooth that it was like a gigantic copper mirror, but it did not relfect the light. It really was incomparably strange.

Surrounding the Bright Moon Lake, were the locations of all the top sects. They were all pavilions with excellents views. There were also the flying ship dock of the army, where formation flying ships could stay. Other than this, there were the seats of some smaller sects, financial organisation or other forces. The hierarchy of the seating positions was clear and distinct. At one glance, one could discern just who would sat at which position.

At the most southern part of the Bright Moon Lake, it was the main seating area of the Martial Alliance that could accommodate a hundred or so people.

There was the light of a formation array that emitted from this area. There were floating platforms that hovered twenty or so metres above the ground, white mist swirling about them. From far away, it seemed like a divine mist was shrouding them, emitting a feeling filled with mysteriousness and power. This was the seating area of those truly important people. Anyone who was able to seat in this area, respresetned a powerful martial power and an exceptional status. There were exceptional powers enough to make one shiver behind such figures.

Time flowed by.

The seating area of the surroundings of the Bright Moon Lake were already filled with people. There were also people who stood, waiting outside the seating area.

Xiu!

A ray of light shot through the area, landing in the number six Xian Pavilion at the main southern seating area.

"It's the people from the Violet Seven stars sect." There were some people by the lake that let out a gasp: "Do you see, that white hair muscular old man, is the seventh elder of the Violet Seven stars sect, Zhang Buliang. The young man behind him is the young leader of the three Schools and Three sects, the [One Whip], Jing Qiming. “

The shadow of a tree, the fame of a person.

Many matters and people of the Jianghu, were not a secret to the public. Especially for exceptional martial experts that had already become famous, most people would know of their appearance. Largely, one would be able to recognise them if they met face to face. Furthermore, even if they did not recognise them, as long as they demonstrated some of their techniques, those with insight would definitely be able to tell just what sect they originated from.

For people like the seventh elder Zhang Buliang and Jing Qiming, their status in Jianghu was akin to the status of Lu Zhaoge in the army. The vast majority of Jianghu people would be able to recognise them with one glance.

The people of the Violet Seven stars sect arrived first.

These two were situated in the number six Xian Pavilion.

Everyone started talking amongst themselves.

There were many young disciples that were incomparably excited, as if they had just seen their idol.

In a world where martial power was everything, everyone admired powerful experts. This was a madness that came from their very bones, none was immune to it.

Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!

Another several rays of light broke through the air.

These lights settled, landing in different Xian Pavilions and transforming into the figures of several people.

"Quickly look, the person in the number seven Xian Pavilion, is the head of the disciplinary hall of the Setting sun and great river sect. His fist techniques are said to be invincible, Quan Jiulong. And the young man next to him wearing coarse clothing, is his eldest son. He is the most prodigious disciple of the younger generation of the Setting sun and great river sect....“

"The Fourth Xian Pavilion holds the Tiger Saint child, Zhao Shanhe, as well is the Dragon saint child Zhao Woyun. Eh? It seems The Dragon tiger sect did not send any elders to accompany them, it looks like they have full confidence in the Dragon and Tiger Saint children."

"According to the rumours, the relationship between the Dragon child and the Tiger child is not good. Look at the two, the distances between their seats are so great....."“

“This Tiger child is really like the rumours, impulsive and unruly. In such an important meeting, to bring his two concubines to sit in the Xian Pavilion....."

"There's only one person in the number eight Xian Pavilion?"

"Who is it? It seems like he really young and handsome."

"En, he should be the [Matchless Blade King] of the new generation, from the Matchless blade city, Qin Zhishui."

There were all sorts of discussion occurring from all sorts of parties.

According to the agreement with the army, there would not be anyone from the army appearing apart from those who were invited. However, the army controlled everything outside the Proud sky centre. Due to this reason, the majoirty of those that appeared here today were disciples from Jianghu. Seeing such scenes, they were all inexplicably moved.

Song Qingluo and her father Song Jiannan, were also situated next to the Bright Moon Lake.

Their position, was the seating area of the Hundred Herb.

As one of the providers of the venue for this Martial Meeting, the seating area of the Hundred Herb hall was one of the best apart from the seating areas of the top forces. It could not be said to be cramped. Dugu Dixiu, the noble young master, also next to them. Their field of view was great, able to see the figures at the Xian pavilions clearly.

In Song Jiannan's heart, he was inexplicably moved.

He originally thought that the Song family was at the end of their road, but who would have thought there would be sudden light at the end.

Even when the Song family was at it's peak, they would not have been able to appear at such an event. They would not be able to see so many legendary martial figures.....in that instant, Song Jiannan felt an unprecedented uplift in morale. He felt that their previous sufferings were trials that Heaven had sent in order to test them. The opportunity of the Song family, had finally arrived.

Of course, Song Jiannan realised just how all this had come about.

In his arms, he was holding onto that item.

Just how should he use this item, just who should he present it to.....Song Jiannan was hesitant.

The Song Qingluo next to him, stared nervously all around.

If it were previous day, Song Qingluo would definitely be as excited as the people around her at being able to see the appearances of these great figures in the Xian Pavilion. But her brain right now was completely occupied with the matters that had occurred last evening. White Horse tower had been completely crushed by that gigantic foot in an instant. At that moment, Song Qingluo's heart became utterly worried.

Her heart did not have even the slightest hint of excitement at arriving in the Proud sky centre. She was only hoping she would be able to see the figure of that white clothed youth.

And even until this moment, Song Qingluo was not able to see that person.

Seeing her anxiousness, Dugu Dixiu smiled slightly at her: "Is Miss Song worrying about the matters of Marquis Ye?"

Dugu Dixiu was a famous noble young master. He came from a powerful family, and his manner was elegant and polite. He was extremely good looking, and could be counted as an experienced person with the ladies. He was skilled in reading others expression, especially the thoughts of women. He had long guessed what Song Qingluo's worries were, so he asked such a question.

Song Qingluo let out a sigh, somewhat panicky but she still nodded her head reservedly.

"Just what kind of person is the Marquis. He will naturally be fine, he should arrive very soon. Please rest assured Miss Song." Dugu Dixiu said in a very certain tone.

"Truly?" The dark clouds on Song Qingluo's face disappeared, her entire person becoming more lively.

There was a flicker of surprise that flashed by in Dugu Dixiu's eyes. He had seen many beautiful girls, but the girl who came from a small merchant company in front of him, had a special beauty that was hard to describe using words. It caused his heart to involuntary skip a beat, but Dugu Dixiu naturally would not have any thoughts about Song Qingluo. Because he knew very clearly, any girl that had anything to do with Ye Qingyu, was not something he could touch.

"Please rest assured Miss Song." Dugu Dixiu nodded his head. "Yesterday, Marquis Ye was with my grandfather discussing the Dao and sipping tea."

Song Qingluo heart could finally rest.

The bright and beautiful sunlight landed on this young girl whose mood had finally improved. There was a golden glimmer that appeared on her smooth and white skin, emitting a radiance that moved one's heart. Dugu Dixiu was once again surprised, not daring to look again, diverting his eyes to somewhere else.

Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!

There was more rays of light flickering through the sky.

The appointed time was about to come.

The main seating area, the Xian Pavilions, nearly all had figures seating in it.

The Wang Yifeng of the Deer cauldron sect, the Li Qiushui of the Crepe Myrtle, the Dugu Tianxin of the Dugu financial organisation.....

All those important figures, had all appeared.

Dugu Dixiu loved to enjoy himself. He did not have a strong ambition. Therefore he naturally did not have a chance to sit with his grandfather in the Xian Pavilion. Dugu Tianxin was mature for his age, and did matters competently. Naturally, he was raised with the intention of making him the next head of family. At this time, Dugu Quan naturally had to give his grandson some chance to show his face.

Dong---!

The bell sounded.

The time had arrived.

The martial meeting officially began.

Everyone looked towards the direction of the Xian Pavilions. Without knowing when, there were already figures at the number one Xian Pavilion. A figure that was completely enshrouded by silver mist sat at the number one Xian Pavilion, along with three other people.

A middle aged lean scholar.

A scholar's boy with a clear and fair face looking to be around fourteen or fifteen.

A young military officer wearing full armour. He had a serious face, his hands clasped behind his back in respect as he stood next to the person shrouded with silver mist.

Only the number ten pavilion was completely empty, with no figure to be seen.

"This is the Xian Pavilion prepared for [The Leaf of Youyan], Ye Qingyu."

"Why is there no one?"

"Haha, could it be that the giant foot that descended from the heavens, really killed [The Leaf of Youyan]?"

All of the people from the Jianghu looked towards the number ten Xian Pavilion.

The people of the Jianghu naturally had an entirely different opinion of Ye Qingyu compared to the soldiers of Youyan army as well as the civilians of Youyan Pass. The news that Ye Qingyu had used such forceful methods to supress the people of the Jianhu had long spread throughout the sects. They naturally would not have any goodwill towards such a tyrannical person from the military. Ye Qingyu was able to destroy the powerful Xuan sect with just a thought, who could be certain that they would not be the next target he killed?

From the perspective of the Jianghu people, if Ye Qingyu perished, than this would one less threat to them, one less monster they had to deal with.

When the giant foot descended from the heavens, and crushed the White Horse tower into powder, it was unknown just how many people from the sects were dancing in joy.

Today, seeing that Ye Qingyu still had not appeared yet, they grew even more excited.

Dong!Dong!

Dong!Dong!

The bell rang out three times, vibrating throughout.

The number ten Xian Pavilion was still empty.

In the number two Xian Pavilion, the elder of the Crepe Myrtle sect next to Li Qiushui stood up.

Ding Li was well known hundreds of years ago. He was one of the greats of Crepe Myrtle sect, his strength deep and unfathomable. His status was extremely high amongst the sects, he was an elder like existence. Before the meeting began, all parties had nominated him to be the conductor of this great meeting. This was because no matter in strength or status, he could convince the masses.

Ding Li smiled, clasping his hands to the surroundings. He was about to speak.

"Wait."

A voice, suddenly sounded out from the number one Xian Pavilion.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

