Chapter 1097:


Chapter 1112 – You Are Not Worthy


When Ye Chen boasted earlier than he had mastered the remarkable abilities of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, Spokesperson Li and the others had treated his words with contempt even though Ye Chen had indeed displayed his powerful strength to defeat them.

They thought that those techniques that he exerted were imitation techniques designed to emulate the remarkable abilities of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors.

Now that they saw Ye Qingyu's expression, they realized that Ye Chen might not have been boasting after all and that those techniques were not imitation techniques either.

All Human Race martial artists would look up to the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors and even sects like the Four Stars Sect that had already fallen to the dark side had also looked up to the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors. Since the ancient times, both evil and good people had idolized them.

Those eight human Martial Emperors were the pillars of the entire Human Race.

If Ye Chen was truly the successor of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, then this would make the situation harder to deal with since it would no longer be about their individual strength.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The formation light ripped across the sky and golden formations moved like swarms of tadpoles and spread madly across the void. They moved incredibly quickly like an endless nest of hornets to surround Ye Qingyu. Each formation carried with it a destructive power as though it was a character written by a divine god.

Ye Chen had displayed the true power of a Quasi-emperor.

"He had truly exerted the mysterious technique of the [Formation Emperor]," Ye Qingyu thought to himself and came to his own conclusion.

"Ha ha ha, what do you think? Have I frightened you?" Ye Chen laughed heartily as he continued to send out handprints to control the golden formations that continued to close in on Ye Qingyu with the intent to wipe him out from this universe.

Ye Qingyu looked at him and shook his head. Then, he also formed a handprint of his own.

"Disperse!" He exerted a mysterious technique that was part of the one hundred eight ancient characters and merged it together with several formation techniques he had picked up from the suspicious palace of [Formation Emperor Luosu]. Then, a silver 'disperse' character appeared in front of his chest and he gave it a gentle push.

Swish!

This character ripped through the air like lightning and shot into the golden formations that filled the sky.

Pop!

There was a soft sound that sounded like a bubble had burst.

The golden formations that covered the sky disappeared swiftly as though it had only been a mirage without any traces of energy waves or any surge of vibration.

That was a brilliant technique.

Once again, he had easily overcome Ye Chen's Martial Emperor mysterious techniques.

Surprise flickered across the faces of the elderly servant and the [Yellow Sand Hundred Battle Golden Armored] soldiers.

They knew how powerful their patriarch was and had absolute confidence in his abilities.

Ye Qingyu had stunned the entire Vast Thousand Domains with his power by killing two Quasi-emperors in succession and it could even be said that his authority was matchless throughout the world and that he was on track to become the most powerful person in the world. They had expected Ye Qingyu to overcome their master's [Heavenly Warning], but they assumed that it would take some effort for him to overcome that particular attack, so the fact that he managed to overcome it this easily shocked them.

"You…" Ye Chen was equally shocked.

He noticed that Ye Qingyu's handprint seemed slightly familiar to him, as though it was also a legacy of the Luosu formations, and that 'disperse' character had targeted the most critical part of his [Heavenly Warning]. This was how it managed to destroy the entire formation with one move and it even prevented him from employing the other traps that he had hidden within his attack earlier.

"If you are truly the successor of the legacies of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, the techniques that you've exerted thus far are way too simple and it's an insult to their name," Ye Qingyu said. "Show me your true abilities or you will die a horrible death."

If he used the names of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors to trick people, the consequences would be dire.

Ye Qingyu speculated that Ye Chen might have stumbled across several ruins and artifacts of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors by a stroke of luck and obtained some legacies from those places and that it was impossible for this man to be the true successor of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors. Nonetheless, this fact was equally shocking since any skill or mysterious technique that had to do with those eight Martial Emperors were bound to be earth-shatteringly powerful.

"Very well," Ye Chen clenched his jaw. "You have not disappointed me and you're a worthy opponent, so I'll let you die by the true remarkable ability of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors…. [Blazing Mark of the Three Flames]!"

He clapped his hands together in front of his chest, then slowly drew them apart.

The [Blazing Mark of the Three Flames] appeared in the gap between his palms.

The temperature in the main hall immediately skyrocketed.

Everyone felt as though they were plunged into scorching magma and their throats felt parched and dry. A visible crimson mist circulated within the [Blazing Mark of Three Flames] and twisted like a ray of light. The searing power of the blazing mark was definitely not like that of an ordinary flame.

Was this the remarkable ability of the [Heavenly Fire Emperor]?

Ye Qingyu's pupils immediately shrank until they were as narrow as the point of a needle.

Did Ye Chen truly master one of the mysterious techniques of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors – the [Heavenly Fire Emperor]?

He immediately realized that his earlier deduction had been wrong.

There was definitely something fishy about Ye Chen's identity and origins.

Even if he had stumbled upon some techniques through the ruins of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, it would be impossible for him to master the mysterious techniques of the [Lightning Emperor], [Formation Emperor], and [Heavenly Fire Emperor] at the same time because the legacies of those three Martial Emperors could not possibly be found at the same location and the possibility of Ye Chen stumbling across three separate ruins that contained the legacies of these Emperors was far too small. Since the ancient times and for more than several million years, there were only a handful of martial artists that had actually found their way to one of the ancient relic sites of these Martial Emperors, so there was no way he could have found his way to three sites by chance.

Furthermore, the [Blazing Mark of the Three Flames] definitely belonged to the [Heavenly Fire Emperor] because he could clearly sense the true aura of a Martial Emperor within it.

Ye Qingyu was now also a Quasi-emperor, so he couldn't be wrong about this.

Lin Yutang and the others had also warned him that Ye Chen possessed a true Emperor weapon, so were they referring to the [Blazing Mark of the Three Flames]?

Ye Qingyu did not dare to underestimate this Emperor weapon and thus, he immediately summoned the [Cloud Top Cauldron] that appeared above his head and released thousands of bright yellow silk strips that protected him.

"Ha ha ha, is this the defensive artifact that has protected you from all the dangers you've faced thus far? I've heard about this, but there is no way it'll be able to protect you from my [Blazing Mark of the Three Flames]. This is a true Emperor artifact… Kill!"

Ye Chen laughed and exerted the blazing mark that then charged at Ye Qingyu.

The dazzling glow of the flames almost caused the entire hall to melt.

The power of fire laws surged.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] trembled as though something had stimulated it and the inscriptions on its body floated out and swirled around the cauldron. It seemed like a strange magical ability had been activated.

Boom! Boom Boom!

There were countless collisions in that instant.

Everyone had already lost their sense of hearing after the first ear-splitting explosion and everything in front of them was a white blur, so they could not see anything else.

This moment seemed to last for an entire era but it could have also been as fleeting as an instant.

The booming noises faded away.

The red dazzling glow also gradually dissipated.

Everyone immediately exerted their martial arts techniques to regain their sense of sight and peered into the battlefield.

They were all wondering the same thing – who was the victor?

Soon, the answer was clear.

Ye Qingyu looked strangely at the [Cloud Top Cauldron] while Ye Chen was a picture of astonishment. He looked slack-jawed at Ye Qingyu and pointed at the [Cloud Top Cauldron], but gaped as though he had lost the ability to speak.

Upon closer examination, the [Blazing Mark of the Three Flames] did not return to Ye Chen but instead, it had been absorbed by the outer walls of the cauldron. Ye Chen had clearly lost control over those flame prints.

Uh...

That had been an Emperor weapon of the [Heavenly Fire Emperor].

"You… what kind of despicable dark arts did you use earlier?" Ye Chen said as he frantically pinched out handprints. However, he was no longer able to get a reaction out of the [Blazing Mark of the Three Flames] that he could usually control with ease. It was as though the connection between him and the flame prints that had been immersed in his body for decades had been thoroughly severed.

How could he remain calm at the thought of that?

That had been an authentic Emperor weapon and it was not a Quasi-emperor weapon nor a fake Emperor weapon that were all just imitation goods, so how could it fall into his opponent's hands so easily?

"Dark arts?" Ye Qingyu looked at the [Cloud Top Cauldron] strangely, then he looked at Ye Chen and said, "I don't know where you've stolen your cultivation from either, so I'm surprised that you dared to even mention the dark arts."

He was surprised to hear the words 'dark arts' from someone who was already a Quasi-emperor. This showed that there was a problem with his knowledge and mental state and it left him speechless.

"How… how did you do that?" Ye Chen was both livid and surprised. He was unable to believe that such a thing could have happened.

Ye Qingyu said coldly, "Only those with good moral character would be worthy of possessing the precious treasures of the [Heavenly Fire Emperor]. You're not worthy so your Emperor weapon has abandoned you; it is as simple as that. It is a pity that you can't even understand this principle."

"You… are uttering nonsense," Ye Chen sputtered. He was so livid that he could have vomited blood and he was utterly exasperated. He knew that this was definitely not the reason behind that strange phenomenon, but he could find no other explanation.

The others all showed varying reactions to Ye Chen's rage, but most of those present believed Ye Qingyu's explanations. After all, the weapons of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors were supreme treasures that had a mind of their own, so it was plausible for them to choose their master.

Several people looked at Ye Qingyu with more respect and fear than before.

Frankly, Ye Qingyu was also rather surprised.

He didn't know what had happened either.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] seemed to have lost control when they exchanged blows earlier and a magical ability that he wasn't aware of had been activated. Then, it had taken control of the [Blazing Mark of the Three Flames] and absorbed it to its outer walls. This was not a deliberate instruction on his part.

He could also sense that the [Blazing Mark of the Three Flames] didn't show any signs of resistance either. No matter how hard Ye Chen exerted the technique to control it, this weapon reacted like a woman who had abandoned her lover for another man and refused to budge.

Ye Qingyu gently exerted the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and mentally sent the [Blazing Mark of the Three Flames] into the storage space within the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. He sent a wisp of his divine consciousness to examine this weapon and noticed that the foreign forces within the flame prints had been completely exterminated. If he wanted to, he could easily refine this weapon to recognize him as its master.

That was truly a bizarre phenomenon.

Ye Chen was a Quasi-emperor, so theoretically, it shouldn't have been so easy robbing him of the Emperor weapon that he had refined. What exactly had happened there?

"Ah ah ah, Ye Qingyu, you have successfully provoked me," Ye Chen growled and his face was flushed as he thundered, "That was just a small artifact, ha ha, I'll treat it as a gift to you. I've got far too many of such items anyway… [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds], I summon you! Ye Qingyu, I'm going to beat you up alive!"

He still had other Emperor weapons on him.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1098:


Chapter 1113 A Broken Demon Saber


A layer of mist that resembled drifting clouds floated out from Ye Chen and swirled around his body mistily, like white clouds in the sky, as though it was protecting his body. This caused his figure to become blurrier because this cloud mist swirled about unpredictably and it was very elusive.

"Hmm? The [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds]?" Ye Qingyu was surprised.

According to legend, the [Drifting Cloud Emperor], who was part of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, had gained enlightenment on his personal martial way after catching the drifting clouds in the sky. It was also said that this Emperor was the most adept at transformation and strange changes, and had the ability to change into anything, like an elusive drifting cloud. His martial way was the most profound among the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors and could be described as "a formless drifting cloud". Did that mean that the armor called the [[Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds]] that Ye Chen had just summoned was an Emperor weapon that had belonged to the [Drifting Cloud Emperor]?

Ye Qingyu exerted his [Eyes of the Void] technique and closely examined the armor.

He was immediately surprised to find that he was not able to track Ye Chen's movements at all after his figure was shrouded by the misty clouds. Although he could clearly see Ye Chen in front of him, he was not able to track his movements through his divine sense, nor was he able to peek at the martial technique aura or the techniques that Ye Chen would be using.

"Hahahaha…" Ye Chen laughed maliciously. "Those who truly have a rich history are those who possess countless Emperor weapons. Hahaha, Ye Qingyu, you're just a loach that has crawled out from a poor village. Did you really think that you were a dragon?"

As soon as he spoke—

The drifting cloud mist moved and he immediately appeared beside Ye Qingyu and punched out, heedless of Ye Qingyu's protective force field and defensive power of laws.

"Hmm?" Ye Qingyu was stunned.

He was astonished to find that his divine sense and martial way foundation did not show any reaction when faced with this visible attack. He suddenly had a bad feeling about this, as though there was no way to defend against this attack.

Boom!

He was sent flying.

This punch that was nothing fancy landed squarely on his body.

"Interesting. Is this the mystery of the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds]?" Ye Qingyu exclaimed in shock. This armor was only made up of a layer of drifting cloud mist, but it contained terrifying power and it was impossible to defend against.

"Hmm?" Ye Chen also exclaimed in surprise.

His punch earlier was packed with the power of drifting clouds, even a Quasi-emperor would have vomited blood from the impact of that attack earlier. However, Ye Qingyu had only been sent flying and was otherwise unharmed, but his own arm was numb after he sent out the punch. It was like he had punched a wall made of divine gold or Immortal steel.

His body had been refined to the stage that it was now a supreme body.

Had Ye Qingyu's body refinement skills reached such an incredibly powerful stage?

"Hehehe, if I can't defeat you in one punch, then I'll send out one thousand or even ten thousand more punches. It doesn't matter that your physical body is so incredibly strong. I'm sure that even if you're made of divine steel, I'll still be able to hit you till you break." Ye Chen laughed as he attacked again.

Ye Qingyu learned from his earlier experience and immediately exerted the [Eyes of the Void] to catch traces of his opponent's attacks, then launched a counterattack of his own.

Boom!

He dodged Ye Chen's attack and sent out a punch that hit Ye Chen's chest.

Ye Qingyu had a wealth of battle experience and had barely escaped from the jaws of death on several occasions. On the other hand, Ye Chen merely relied on his strength, martial arts techniques, and Emperor weapons, and was sorely lacking in battle experience, so it was no surprise that Ye Qingyu's attack managed to hit him squarely.

Ye Chen's lips curved into a mocking smile the moment he was hit.

Ye Qingyu immediately noticed that something was wrong.

The force from his punch had phased through Ye Chen's body as though he had been punching at air, so Ye Chen did not feel the impact of his punch at all. It was extremely odd.

He then seized this chance to counter and hit Ye Qingyu.

In that instant, countless punches rained down on his body.

This was a technique that contained the power of drifting clouds and was strong enough to destroy the heavens and earth. Ye Qingyu gradually found it more difficult to defend against these attacks. Regardless of how he tried to counterattack, his attacks were like clay oxen entering the sea—he could not harm his opponent at all.

"Hahahaha. Die!" Ye Chen laughed coldly.

His punches continued to rain down on Ye Qingyu as though he was a sandbag. Ye Qingyu could not even land on the ground and could only bear the impact of these punches, so he looked like he was in a terrible state.

"Master, you're the best!"

"Our master is invincible."

The elderly servant raised his hand and cheered and the golden-armored army also followed suit.

Spokesperson Li and the others all watched with their hearts in their throats and longed to be able to do something to help him, but they were trapped within the icy formation. Furthermore, they were well-aware that they would immediately perish if they attempted to interfere in this battle of highly skilled experts, so they were completely ineffective in battle.

"Formless drifting clouds… Is this the mystery of the [Drifting Cloud Emperor's] martial way?"

Despite what it looked like, Ye Qingyu was not in such bad shape.

His body had been refined to become so powerful that he could be considered to be peerless among the humans, so he had not sustained any serious injuries at all. Instead, he had taken this opportunity to comprehend the mysteries of this [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds]. He had managed to gain some insights but was not able to grasp the true mysteries of this armor because he had not seen the legacy of the [Drifting Cloud Emperor].

However, Ye Chen grew more alarmed as he continued to punch Ye Qingyu.

He discovered that Ye Qingyu was like a monster who could not be killed. If he had punched an Emperor weapon this many times, it would have cracked by this point, but Ye Qingyu was still not even bleeding. Instead, his own arms were going numb after exerting so much strength and his blood qi circulation was no longer that smooth.

"Enough," Ye Qingyu growled.

His figure flashed and the power of laws surged. Then, several phantom shadows appeared in the void as though he had shifted to different locations. Ye Chen felt his vision go blurry, then he lost track of Ye Qingyu.

The next moment, Ye Qingyu re-appeared outside the battlefield.

"Suppress!" he shouted as he formed a handprint once more and exerted a mysterious technique using the one hundred eight ancient characters.

The character "suppress" formed in the void and a strange authoritative force permeated the surroundings. As the power of laws surged, the invisible walls of space started to close in from all directions and trap Ye Chen within it.

The one hundred eight ancient characters' mysterious technique was extremely mysterious and it was also the greatest mystery of the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Ye Qingyu had not been powerful enough in the past to exert the power of laws, and thus, could not exert the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to its fullest potential, but now that he was a Quasi-emperor, he could exert the power of laws at will. His handprint was infused with the mysterious technique and instantly confined Ye Chen to a tiny space.

The clouds might be formless, but they could not escape from the confines of the universe.

Ye Qingyu decided not to battle Ye Chen head-on, but instead activated his magical abilities.

"Hahaha, you're too naïve if you think this will be enough to trap me. The clouds are formless so how could you… Hmm? What's going on?" Ye Chen, who had been chuckling heartily earlier, suddenly let out a piercing cry. He had exerted the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds] and transformed into a silver mist in an attempt to force the void to scatter then shift positions, but after several attempts, he discovered that he could not escape at all.

Ye Qingyu smirked coldly as he said, "Did you think that you were the only person who had the mysterious techniques of Martial Emperors?"

He exerted the [Limitless Divine Way] and activated his ancient characters' mysterious technique as he tried to thoroughly trap Ye Chen within that small space.

He had to discover the secret behind the lost clan of Ye for himself.

"Master…" the elderly servant cried out in astonishment when he noticed what had happened and immediately wanted to command the golden-armored army to attack Ye Qingyu and rescue his master.

"Get lost. I forbid you from interfering," Ye Chen growled.

He had proclaimed that he would kill Ye Qingyu, so if he had to rely on others to achieve that feat, it would be incredibly embarrassing for him and he would not be able to live with that shame. More importantly, he still had other tactics that he had yet to employ in the battle.

"Ye Qingyu, you've forced my hand... [Heaven Killing Blade], come out!" Ye Chen growled angrily and terrifying blood-colored lines spread all across his face.

A broken black saber slowly emerged from behind him.

Instantly, a frightening evil qi and death qi spread across the area.

Ye Qingyu's face immediately changed.

This was a saber that was meant for cold-blooded massacres. And was that black color from an Emperor's blood?

This was a saber that had once killed Martial Emperors.

How could Ye Chen be in possession of such an artifact?

"Ye Qingyu, I didn't plan on drawing this knife. This is the [Heaven Killing Blade], and once I use it, blood will definitely flow but it will also affect my mind… This saber once killed fiendgods…" Ye Chen's face twisted sinisterly and his entire body had turned blood-colored.

The [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds] did not seem compatible with the demon saber and it automatically detached from his body to transform into wisps of silver shifting cloud mist as it rejected Ye Chen after he held the demon saber.

"Destroy!" Ye Chen cried as he swung his demon saber.

The sealing force from the "suppress" character formation was immediately destroyed and the space walls shattered like broken glass with a crashing sound. Then, he freed himself.

At the moment, the unthinkable happened.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] suddenly shuddered.

The mist from the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds] suddenly flew toward the [Cloud Top Cauldron] like a swallow returning to its nest and vanished into the cauldron with a swish.

"Ah... why?" Ye Chen howled in astonishment.

Ye Qingyu was also extremely shocked, but he did not reveal his surprise as he said, "Since you're morally corrupt, the artifacts of Martial Emperors will naturally abandon you... You need to reflect upon your actions."

He repeated the explanation he gave earlier.

Ye Chen could not find another plausible explanation. He was so enraged that he trembled all over.

"Hmph, after I've killed you, all these artifacts will be returned to me anyway. That includes your stupid cauldron as well..." he said as he swung his demon saber. Then, his figure flashed as he charged toward Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu's expression was grave and he breathed out, "Defend!"

This was another character from the one hundred eight ancient characters' mysterious technique.

Layers of phantom figures immediately appeared in front of him and it looked as though there was an imperial army of fiendgods protecting him. The shrill military commands of divine kings and fiendgods could faintly be heard in the void.

However, all his magical abilities were destroyed by that demon saber.

The imperial fiendgod army was split in two.

They could not ward off the saber attack at all.

Ye Qingyu felt an extremely sharp saber qi rushing toward him, and despite his strong physical body, he still felt his limbs grow cold as though they were about to be torn away from his body. He knew that he would not be able to handle this blow. The [Cloud Top Cauldron] had already moved to protect him and instantly enveloped him.

Clink!

There was a soft sound of metal clinking against each other.

Ye Qingyu blacked out.

A terrifying force caused his body to shudder violently and he spat out a mouthful of blood.

He was finally injured.

Was this Ye Chen's ultimate trump card?

If the Emperor weapons that Ye Chen had summoned earlier did not seem as strong as they were rumored to be, then this broken blade was so incredibly strong that it was terrifying... so much so that for the first time, Ye Qingyu felt the threat of death.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1099:


Chapter 1114 – Trump Card? Whose Trump Card?


The next moment, his vision cleared.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] floated above his head once more.

Ye Chen was standing opposite him, still holding his demon saber and his astonished expression was a mixture of shock and disbelief as he stared at Ye Qingyu furiously.

"How did you… your cauldron… how did it manage to block…" Ye Chen looked at the [Cloud Top Cauldron] as though he had seen a ghost and said, "What kind of cauldron is that? How did you come to possess such an item? Ah, I see, this must be the reason why you managed to crawl up from rock bottom. This must have been your lucky break…"

He noticed something.

"The supreme treasures of the world will only acknowledge those with good morals as their master," Ye Qingyu said vaguely because he didn't know what the origins of this cauldron were either. This cauldron always managed to surprise him with its magical abilities and now, it had even managed to block the blow of a saber that was stained with the blood of an Emperor. He was left a little astounded by its prowess as well.

Ye Chen smiled menacingly, "I guess you don't know the origins of this cauldron either. He he, understandably, a country bumpkin like you wouldn't recognize a supreme treasure even if you possess one. Ha ha, after I've killed you, this will belong to me. Ha ha, the heavens have really been kind to me. Once this treasure is mine, the old folks over at the Dark Realm can't harm me anymore and I no longer need to live in fear, ha ha ha…."

Ye Qingyu’s curiosity was piqued and he asked, "Who are these old folks?"

"Obviously…" Ye Chen started, but immediately stopped when he noticed that Ye Qingyu was fishing for information and smirked, "Hey country bumpkin, did you think you could trick me… Ha ha, this information will be useless to you anyway. Accept your death quietly and give me everything you have!"

Ye Qingyu scoffed and said, "Since your saber is useless against me, what other tricks have you got up your sleeve?"

Since the [Cloud Top Cauldron] managed to block the demon saber once, it could repeat the same feat many more times, so it would be impossible for Ye Chen to try to kill him with his demon saber.

Ye Chen laughed wildly at his words.

"This is why I called you a country bumpkin. You don't even know what is the true meaning of the word 'resources'. My demon saber alone managed to throw you into confusion and panic and you treated it like a deadly weapon but to me, it is nothing more than an ordinary weapon since I have way too many of such weapons, ha ha."

He recalled his demon saber as he spoke.

Then, his expression suddenly turned solemn and grave as he carefully took out a jade box.

This jade box looked very simple and it was only as big as his palm, neither did it give off any energy waves.

However, Ye Qingyu immediately realized that it must be a terrifying weapon from the way Ye Chen was handling this box.

"This box contains the almighty power of the [Lightning Emperor] when he was at his peak and it is also one of the supreme treasures he has left behind. Even if a divine king or a fiendgod was reincarnated, they would not be able to block one blow from this weapon either. This cauldron may not be destroyed after one blow from it, but whether it will be able to protect you remains to be seen.." Ye Chen's expression was sinister and also a little crazed.

He had been backed into a corner since he had assumed that the demon saber would have been sufficient to finish Ye Qingyu off.

However, he was now forced to summon his true trump card.

It had been extremely hard for him to obtain this jade box and he had taken great pains and risks in order to obtain one. The energy contained within the box could only be used once, but he had to go all out in order to wrest the cauldron from Ye Qingyu. The fact that this cauldron had managed to block the attack of the demon saber would be enough to stun the world and would probably even attract the attention of a Martial Emperor. Who would have thought that such a treasure existed in the Vast Thousand Domains?

Ye Chen wanted to get his hands on the cauldron even more at the thought of that.

"Ha ha ha, once I open the lightning jade box, no one will be able to survive. I'll send the entire Alliance of Domains to the grave along with you, Ye Qingyu… ha ha ha, I'd like to thank you for presenting me with this cauldron," he said as he opened the box and aimed it at Ye Qingyu.

"You…" Ye Qingyu turned pale.

The elderly servant and the rest of the golden-armored soldiers all looked frightened and they couldn't stop their bodies from trembling.

It was obvious from Ye Chen's statement that he didn't have full control over this jade box either, so once he opened it, it would unleash an earth-shattering and destructive power. The entire divine temple of the Alliance of Domains would probably be rendered into a pile of rubble and they were all going to perish.

Ye Qingyu had not expected Ye Chen to be such a heartless lunatic.

However, it was too late to stop him.

The moment the jade box opened, a destructive force that had the power to destroy the world spread outward, as though a sleeping divine spirit was slowly awakening and instantly, a phantom figure with matchless power appeared in the main hall and this figure looked like it was a majestic king surveying his earthly subjects. Despite his current cultivation, Ye Qingyu still felt his spirit quake instinctively at the sight of this phantom figure and felt that he was suddenly as insignificant as an ant.

Then, a bolt of dazzling lightning that seemed to be as powerful as the same light that created the world burst forth from this jade box and Ye Qingyu didn't stand a chance against it.

He could not summon a shred of resistance in the face of such a powerful burst of light.

He didn't even dare to utter a single complaint in the face of this light, as though he was a subject that had been ordered by a king to commit suicide. This was the absolute suppression in the aspect of the martial way and the force that a true Martial Emperor wielded. Furthermore, this was an attack at full force by the [Lightning Emperor] at his peak, so it was absolutely terrifying. This bolt of lightning immediately locked in on Ye Qingyu and he couldn't do anything but shut his eyes and await death.

The remnant energy waves from this bolt of lightning instantly looked like it was about to destroy the entire divine temple.

Everyone in the divine temple felt the shadow of death creeping up on them.

They trembled and wailed, but could only ultimately accept their fates.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] also trembled and vibrated. It made frenzied buzzing noises as it tried its best to protect Ye Qingyu, but this surging lightning force kept it at bay and it couldn't approach him at all. The power of its bright yellow mist was also dispersed by the white bolt of lightning.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] couldn't protect him this time.

This was the first time that he witnessed the true power of a Martial Emperor and this was a power that he was completely unable to comprehend at his current stage of cultivation.

There was only a difference of one word between a Quasi-emperor and an Emperor but the true gap between those two stages was extremely vast.

Ye Qingyu had once assumed that the difference between a Quasi-emperor and an Emperor wasn't that great since it was only a difference of one word between those two cultivation stages. However, this thoroughly overturned his assumption. The difference between a Quasi-emperor and an Emperor was even wider than the gap between a Quasi-emperor and an expert of Spirit Spring stage cultivation – it was unbelievably vast.

"Am I about to die?" he sighed to himself.

He didn't want to die.

He still had many things that he had yet to settle, so he couldn't die right now.

The white lightning light enveloped him.

Ye Chen's sinister laugh in the distance was exceptionally grating.

Soon, this lightning power would cause Ye Qingyu's body to explode and he would be turned into nothingness in less than a fraction of a second.

However, he was still alive after one breath passed.

The white lightning was circulating within his body.

An odd sizzling noise could be heard.

His entire body was completely enveloped by the lightning light.

Yet, his body remained intact.

The sinister smile on Ye Chen's face immediately froze as he realized that the situation had taken a completely different turn.

Why did Ye Qingyu not disappear even after he was absorbed by the lightning force? The [Cloud Top Cauldron] had failed to protect him earlier, so why was he still well and alive?

Ye Chen slowly lost control of the situation.

The lightning power that had spread throughout the entire hall and the surroundings suddenly all swarmed toward Ye Qingyu, as though he was a sponge that constantly absorbed water. Instantly, all of the lightning power entered his body and the divine temple, as well as everyone who was supposed to have perished, was completely unharmed.

"What's happening?" Ye Chen yelled angrily.

He felt as though everything that had happened today was very mysterious and this drove him insane when he saw the same thing happening to the power of the [Lighting Emperor]. This was not normal… It was as though he had seen a ghost.

He realized that things were not going well.

Ye Qingyu also regained consciousness by this point.

He felt an abundant lightning power circulating in his body and he was surprised to find that this power did not completely destroy him but rather, after the initial excruciating pain, the lightning power turned into waves of warm currents. These currents were not destructive but instead, they were nourishing him.

He could even feel that this lightning power was cheering in his body and hummed happily as though it was incredibly excited.

It was just as though this lightning power had met its relative.

What was happening?

"Could it be…" Ye Qingyu was both surprised and thrilled.

He knew that there must be an explanation for this phenomenon. Could it be because he had once refined the Chaotic Lightning Liquid of the [Lightning Emperor] and had also once tried to study several techniques of the [Lightning Emperor] together with Old Fish?

If that was the case…

Ye Qingyu looked up mockingly at Ye Chen.

"I guess your trump card has failed to deliver," he said as he stretched and approached Ye Chen.

Ye Chen was completely dumbfounded.

"No… no no no, impossible. You… you you you…" he was not even able to string a coherent sentence together since this was far too shocking. Why was this happening? He couldn't believe it and refused to accept this fact. That had been an attack of the [Lightning Emperor] at full force but… this country bumpkin had absorbed it.

Could he be… the reincarnation of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors?

Ye Chen was going crazy.

He felt as though Ye Qingyu was born to be his nemesis.

This was no longer about the martial techniques or weapons he employed, but it was about the clash of their destinies.

"You… humph, even if the lightning power wasn't able to kill you, what can you do to me?" Ye Chen summoned his demon saber once more and said harshly, "It would be impossible for you to kill me as well."

He was confident that his demon saber was powerful enough to resist Ye Qingyu's trump card – the trump card that had killed both the dark Quasi-emperor as well as the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect.

However, Ye Qingyu only raised his hand and pointed his finger.

"Is that so? Let's see, shall we?" He said and a bolt of lightning shot forth from his finger.

It was only a tiny bolt of lightning, but Ye Chen's pupils suddenly constricted in fear and his face was as white as a sheet.

He recognized the lightning power as the one that belonged to the [Lightning Emperor]. How did Ye Qingyu manage to convert that [Lightning Emperor's] power to his own in such a short period of time?

Bam!

The power of laws rippled through the air.

The Dao sounds hummed softly.

As the bolt of lightning clashed with the demon saber, Ye Chen lost his grip on this broken blade and it was knocked out of his hands.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1100:


Chapter 1115 Sealing Their Memories


Ye Chen knew that he was in big trouble the moment his demon saber was knocked out of his hands.

He forgot all about his dignity and frantically retreated. Then he yelled, "Stop him. Men, stop him! Ah, ah, ah…"

He had ordered the elderly servant and the golden-armored soldiers to step back earlier and swore that he would kill Ye Qingyu himself because he had absolute confidence in his trump cards and assumed that he could easily kill Ye Qingyu. However, he had completely lost faith by this point after consecutively losing the [Blazing Mark of the Three Flames], the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds], and the demon saber. He had lost the will to battle on.

Ye Chen had placed all his confidence on his Emperor weapons, and after all these things were taken from him, it did not matter that he was a Quasi-emperor because his mental state was far below that of an ordinary Quasi-emperor. Furthermore, he had never truly experienced a life-and-death battle and lacked the fortitude to battle to the very end.

"Protect our master," the elderly servant said.

The golden-armored soldiers braced themselves and charged like moths to a flame at Ye Qingyu, whose body swirled with wisps of lightning energy.

However, that elderly servant secretly tried to retreat.

Ye Qingyu laughed loudly.

"Suppress!" he said, as he activated the one hundred eight ancient characters' mysterious technique once more.

The power of laws surged.

All of the golden-armored soldiers and the elderly servant were pinned to the spot like stone statues and could not move any other part of their bodies aside from their eyes.

This "suppress" character formation was like a spell that pinned them to the spot.

"Country bumpkin, don't get too arrogant. I swear that I'll make a comeback. You don't even know what the most powerful force in this world is…" Ye Chen howled and his figure slowly faded away like a faded ink painting as he tried to escape.

Ye Qingyu was not about to let him escape.

"[Life Sword]!"

He mentally summoned his weapon and sword light flashed.

He would not kill the elderly servant and the golden-armored soldiers because those people were still useful to him.

However, someone as evil as Ye Chen, who had the combat strength of a Quasi-emperor while lacking the disposition of one, had a huge potential to bring about disaster. After all, Ye Qingyu had so many friends and family and could not possibly protect them all at all times.

Since he absorbed the power of faith at [Guanlan Mountain Manor] and obtained the power of the World Tree in the Underworld, his mastery of the [Life Sword Mantra] had skyrocketed. He had progressed from having a small glimpse of its power to gaining proficiency in the usage of this sword. So, the moment he drew his sword, all of the light in the world was reflected in it.

"Ah…" Ye Chen was slashed by the sword before he could fade away and he shrieked in pain.

Then, his figure, which looked like it was about to fade away earlier, started to sharpen.

His escaping technique had failed.

"No…" he cried in despair. He sensed an extremely mysterious sword will circulating through his body that destroyed all the protective measures he had placed inside his body and thoroughly destroyed his life force.

"Did… did you just dare to kill me? Don't you know who I am? You…" Ye Chen looked at Ye Qingyu in disbelief. He could not believe that Ye Qingyu still dared to kill him without a second thought after all the weapons of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors he had unveiled earlier.

How could such a person exist in this world?

"I'm the descendant of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, I… You can't kill me… Let's try to strike a truce, shall we? I'll give you the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds]s, the [Blazing Mark of the Three Flames]… the demon saber… I'll give you the demon saber too. Retract your sword will this instant…" Ye Chen said frantically as he put up one last struggle, "I'm begging you."

"Oh, I'm sorry. I haven't really mastered this sword yet, so I can't retract it once I've sent it out," Ye Qingyu said with a smile.

"You…" His final thought as he looked into Ye Qingyu's cold eyes was that it was too late to save himself…

"Country bumpkin, how… dare… I… will… reincarnate, wait… and see."

As his voice died away—

Ye Chen's body dissipated.

His spirit was destroyed.

And his life was completely wiped out from this world.

Ye Qingyu was confused by his last words. The [Life Sword Mantra] would have destroyed both his body and soul, so how would he be able to reincarnate? Did Ye Chen have yet another heaven-defying technique up his sleeve?

There was a series of clanging sounds.



Several odd weapons fell from Ye Chen's body after it completely dissipated and plummeted to the ground with a loud clang. There were sabers, swords, marks, bracelets, armors, clay jars, and so on, but the one thing they all had in common was that they all gave off the same aura as the [Blazing Mark of the Three Flames], marking them all as Emperor weapons.

Were they really all Emperor weapons?

Instantly, everyone in the main hall, including the elderly servant and the hundreds of golden-armored soldiers, looked at these items greedily.

Ye Qingyu was also astonished.

All of these Emperor weapons were probably treasures that had been kept within Ye Chen's dantian world and only plummeted to the ground after his body dissipated.

But how did Ye Chen come to possess so many Emperor weapons?

These were Emperor weapons, not cabbages or turnips that grew by the roadside. Ye Qingyu gasped when he did a rough count and saw that almost thirty items had appeared all at once. There probably weren't that many Emperor weapons to be found throughout the entire Vast Thousand Domains, so could he be seeing things?

However, he quickly shook himself out of his reverie and immediately stored all these items within his [Cloud Top Cauldron].

He would first take all of them and decide what to do with them at a later date.

He theorized that these treasures might not be true Emperor weapons. Although all the other weapons aside from the demon saber exuded an authentic Martial Emperor aura, they were all suppressed by the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and weren't as powerful as he had imagined them to be, so could they merely be high-quality fake Emperor weapons?

Regardless, he had profited tremendously from this battle.

He was going to leave for the Dark Realm and these weapons might not be of great help to him, but if he could distribute them among the Human Race and Heaven Wasteland Domain, then this would benefit the Human Race throughout the Vast Thousand Domains tremendously.

He retracted the icy formation that surrounded Spokesperson Li and the others.

They walked out of the formation as though a huge burden had been lifted off of their shoulders.

As they looked at Ye Qingyu, their eyes were filled with the utmost respect.

It seemed like this young man would never disappoint them.

It also seemed like this young man would always create miracles.

This time, he managed to salvage what had been a hopeless situation.

"My lord, what do we do with them?" the Great Dragon Turtle Demon said as he looked at the elderly servant and the golden-armored soldiers. "These people seemed to have hatched a plan to attack the Heaven Wasteland Domain and had even received the support of large conglomerates, businesses, and forces to split the riches of our domain between themselves. They have probably already put their plan into motion and they are all detestable creatures, especially that old man. He is ruthless and malicious and is definitely not a good person."

The elderly servant, who could not even move his mouth, was so frightened that his face was drained of all color. The Great Dragon Turtle Demon's words only made things worse and he could not even defend himself even if he wanted to because his mouth was frozen stiff. His eyes roamed around in fear and his antics looked very comical.

Ye Qingyu replied, "The golden-armored soldiers are all Human Race experts and it probably wasn't easy to groom so many powerful people. It'd be a waste of talent if I were to kill them all."

He was not a bloodthirsty person.

Spokesperson Li had an idea and said, "I agree. If we could recruit them to join the Human Race headquarters of the Alliance of Domains, this could only bode well for the Human Race. However, achieving this feat will be a little difficult." These golden-armored soldiers might be part of the Human Race, but no one knew what their origins were, nor had they heard of them before. They were likely the private army of the lost clan of Ye, and after many years of brainwashing, they were willing to do anything for Ye Chen, and thus, it would be hard to control them.

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, "Let me try."

He turned around and looked at the golden-armored soldiers as he said, "Heaven has extolled the virtue of cherishing life, and I don't wish to kill anyone else. Are you willing to lay down your swords and turn over a new leaf?"

These golden-armored soldiers looked puzzled and uncertain.

The power that Ye Qingyu had displayed was far too terrifying, so they feared him. They had assumed that their patriarch Ye Chen was invincible, but in front of Ye Qingyu, he seemed like a child and there was a vast difference in both their strength and their disposition. This was the most direct form of comparison and was also the most effective method to subdue a martial expert.

"I'll remove this formation, so let me know your thoughts. If you try to flee, I'll kill you without mercy," Ye Qingyu said and removed the formation from the golden-armored soldiers' bodies.

These golden-armored experts immediately regained their freedom.

Swish! Swish!

Instantly, three or four rays of flowing light charged toward the gates of the main hall.

"You unrepentant souls," Ye Qingyu said. He knew that such a thing would happen, and by his mental command, the [Life Sword] released wisps of sword will that immediately killed those four golden-armored soldiers who tried to escape, destroying both their bodies and souls.

The other golden-armored soldiers did not dare to act rashly after they witnessed this.

"My lord, I'm willing to atone for my crimes with my service," a golden-armored soldier, who seemed to be the leader, said with a respectful bow after discussing this matter with his fellow soldiers, his expression fearful.

Ye Qingyu nodded, "Very well. I will not kill those who have surrendered, so I'll spare your lives."

The golden-armored soldiers all heaved a sigh of relief at his words.

They were overcome with emotions after barely escaping death.

"I can spare you from death, but you still need to be punished. All of you come from the Dark Realm and are Ye Chen's soldiers specially groomed to die for him if needed. Although you agree to surrender now, I'm not able to take your word at face value. Moreover, all of you have committed many evil crimes throughout the Vast Thousand Domains these days along with your master, Ye Chen, so you will have to be punished for those crimes. I will seal your memories for three hundred years, and during this period, you will have to obey the commands of the Human Race headquarters. After the three hundred years are up, your memories will come back. Then, it will be your choice whether you choose to stay or leave. As long as you don't commit crimes or stir up trouble, I won't make things difficult for you."

Seal our memories?

The golden-armored soldiers were all surprised and were a little hesitant but they were helpless to do anything about it, so they could only agree to his proposal in the end.

Moreover, there were some in their midst who truly wanted to escape from the past and from the control of the Ye clan, so they looked forward to this.

Ye Qingyu nodded and created a handprint.

Dazzling, crystalline snowflakes appeared in his palm one at a time.

Then, these snowflakes came together to form the character "forget", which floated in the void. This character shone brightly and enveloped those hundreds of golden-armored soldiers in its glow.

This was the "forget" formation of the one hundred eight ancient characters' mysterious technique.

"May this 'forget' character surround your soul, and get rid of all your past memories!"

Ye Qingyu created another handprint and exerted his mysterious technique. The next moment, the huge "forget" character transformed into hundreds of rays of bright light and entered into every golden-armored soldier's body.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

