Chapter 97:


Chapter 97 – The Curses Emitting from the [Taoxuan Pavilion]

Nothing else happened today.

The entire Ye family mansion that night was in the midst of celebration. Tang San had arranged the birthday feast very well; although it could not be counted as extravagant, but everyone in the mansion could share in the joy. Everyone was able to sense the special treatment Ye Qingyu lavished upon the Qin mother and daughter, completely treating them as the masters of this mansion.

Lanterns began to be lit.

The people who had celebrated for half the day began to disperse.

In the main hall, there were only Ye Qingyu and Tang San.

Seeing the unhappy expression of the young master, the head supervisor Tang San knew deeply that Ye Qingyu was in a bad mood from being forcefully held behind by him. But as the head supervisor, he knew that there were some matters that needed the personal confirmation of Ye Qingyu before it could be done. He must explain in detail the properties of the Ye family to Ye Qingyu.

Under the oil lamp.

Tang San patiently and earnestly explained.

Ye Qingyu yawned, waving his hand. “I’m really tired, isn’t it just someone causing trouble at the properties. I’ll accompany you tomorrow to have a look. Those people with no eyes, if they’re really looking to die, then I’ll crush them… Fine, are you satisfied now?”

Tang San painfully smiled.

No matter what the group there would be struggles in the beginning. Ye Qingyu when taking back the [Murong Shop], [Lianfeng Smithery] and [Taoxuan Pavilion] could be said that these properties were returning to their rightful owner. But without the stabilization effect of Luo Jin and the others, the surrounding forces began to show indications of acting out. Where there was people, there would be conflict. These properties began to receive the challenge and provocation of others.

Even if it was not a direct confrontation, even if they hid and did things behind the scenes, it would be troublesome. It was enough for a person with zero experience like Tang San to become troubled.

After Ye Qingyu had regained these properties, Tang San had managed to largely sort the business relationships out. But the business of these properties could not be compared to what they were previously. Apart from the movement of employees, another factor contributing to this was due the sabotage of several other competing companies.

“I’ve also discovered that the character of Luo Jin and the others did not change. Under the support of some noble families, they are hiding behind them and conducting quite a lot of bad deeds against us. These people were once the managers of these properties and are familiar with the situation. We must prepare to defend ourselves,” Tang San said enigmatically.

Ye Qingyu continuously yawned. “Fine, fine. They are just a couple of clowns, tomorrow I’ll settle them all at once.”

Seeing Ye Qingyu’s absent minded countenance, Tang San felt as if he had punched into cotton, powerless and with no way to exert force. Experiencing more things meant that he had greater awareness of the whole situation. Tang San currently clearly understood to what extent the waters within Deer City had been muddied. Inwardly, the factions and forces were tied together in twisted roots and intertwined joints, forming countless links. Tang San was slightly worried that Ye Qingyu’s careless attitude would be utilized against him by some crafty and cunning old fellows.

“Since young master already has a plan in his heart, then I’ll first leave,” Tang San said helplessly.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, about to say goodnight then suddenly thought of something. Beckoning with his hand, “That’s right, Little San have you heard of the [Mist Residence] in the Southern district before?”

Tang San thought over this carefully, then shook his head.

“Tomorrow, send some people to find out about this place.” Ye Qingyu was planning something.

Tang San nodded, turning to leave.

Ye Qingyu suddenly said again, “Leave it, don’t send people. This matter, just pretend you haven’t heard of it.”

“I understand.” Tang San was taken aback but did not ask why, turning to leave.

Under the pale yellow light of the lamp, Ye Qingyu sat on the chair, holding his chin deep in thought.

Since Wang Yan had warned him to not involve himself into the conflict, then this represented that danger would appear. His relationship with Wang Yan in the academy could not be counted as intimate, but this head teacher of the first year had time and time again taken care of him. If he entered into this vortex, then perhaps there were some people that were currently secretly observing him.

If he allowed Tang San to investigate the [Mist Residence], then there was a possibility of involving the Ye mansion into this matter.

After considering for a bit, Ye Qingyu decided to personally investigate that area by himself.

Returning to the [Determination Garden], Ye Qingyu continued to train.

The yuan qi within the courtyard began to converge without any signs or sound.

…… ……

The second day.

As Ye Qingyu’s dawn training ended, Qin Lan had already prepared the morning meal. She directed a female servant to bring hot water, and after Demon King Ye had washed, everyone joyously finished breakfast. Little Grass went to the [Taoxuan Pavilion] to practice martial arts.

There were approximately six months till the next time that White Deer Academy would recruit students. The foundation of Little Grass was weak, therefore she must put in an even greater effort than other people. The little girl had experienced hardship before, so she was determined and resolute in becoming a martial artist like brother Qingyu. She was especially enthusiastic. Every day without the need for a reminder from Qin Lan, she went by herself to train in the [Taoxuan Pavilion], extremely hard working.

After they had finished breakfast, Tang San arrived.

Ye Qingyu changed into a new pair of clothes. Both of them left the Ye mansion and headed to survey and inspect the Ye properties around them.

After the battle had ended, another layer of snow had landed within the city. Floating snow was still descending from the skies, and the thickness of the snow was enough to swallow someone’s knee. Thankfully, on the main road, the accumulated snow had been tidied. The places that had not been cleaned were trodden on till they were like ice. The snow did not melt, making it seem as if the city was much cleaner.

Everywhere they looked, the scenery was wrapped in a plain unadorned silver white. The city was particularly beautiful.

There were not many people on the streets.

Perhaps it was the battle in the skies that had caused too great a shock. Normal people did not dare to appear on the various paths. Contrary to this, the soldiers of the army patrols were often seen. Their numbers seemed much greater than usual. On the way, Ye Qingyu and Tang San, in less than half an hour of time, had already passed five or six squadrons. Their blades and spears were glimmering with light, heavily armoured, as if they were about to face their greatest foe.

Ye Qingyu was also interrogated by several of these patrols.

Thankfully due to the nameplate of White Deer Academy, it was easily solved.

In the entire afternoon, Ye Qingyu under the direction of Tang San, first went to inspect [Murong Shop], [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant] and the [Miaoyu Temple]. He finally had a clear understanding of these properties.

The [Murong Shop] mainly operated in the business of tea leaves, Dim Sum and fabric. He did not know what his father was thinking, the areas of this business was disorganized and chaotic. It seemed more like a general store. [Heavenly Fragrance] was a wine shop and a restaurant. And as for the [Miaoyu Temple], it mainly operated in jade tools and jade accessories. These three average sized shops, each of them had around five employees to look after it. Although the business could not be counted as spectacular, as the land was owned by the Ye family, there was no need to pay rent. They could barely manage to maintain a situation where they made neither a profit nor a loss.

Ye Qingyu was completely ignorant in regards to these businesses. He only showed himself to heighten morale.

After an entire morning of watching flowers from horseback*, they had only managed to go through three properties.

During the time of noon, finally more and more people began appearing on the streets.

After eating something in the [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant], Tang San brought Ye Qingyu to the [Taoxuan Pavilion].

[Taoxuan Pavilion] was a martial arts dojo. In the past, Ye Qingyu’s mother had personally taught and accepted students and this establishment was exceptionally prosperous. It was enough for it to place in the top three of the Northern district. It was said that there were quite a few who had come to challenge the dojo and every single one of them was beaten till they returned from where they came from. The fame of the [Hundred Flower sword] also expanded as a result of this.

It could be said that this dojo was the crystallized effort of Ye Qingyu’s mother.

It was a pity that after Ye Qingyu’s parents had died in the battle to safeguard the city, without the stabilization effect of an expert, the business of the dojo fell over a thousand meters. Afterwards, Nie Yan extorted and schemed the business away and managed to occupy the [Taoxuan Pavilion]. But although he was crafty, his strength could not be compared at all to Ye Qingyu’s mother. [Taoxuan Pavilion] did not regain its former radiance.

Ye Qingyu stood at the entrance to [Taoxuan Pavilion].

He slowly lifted his head to look.

The willow doors nailed up by the copper nails were brushed black, dignified and solemn. The personally written words of Ye Qingyu’s father, ‘[Taoxuan Pavilion]’, were hung on a board above. After experiencing so many years of wind and rain, the sign already emitted an atmosphere where great changes had occurred and was mottled in appearance. And on both sides of the gate was a low wall that was said to be personally constructed by Ye Qingyu’s father. In the time of summer, it was crawling with moss but now it was covered in white snow.

The location of the martial arts dojo was in the outskirts, but it occupied nearly thirty acres of space. The little practice grounds was surrounded by clay walls, around twenty acres. Behind that, was the martial hall of the [Taoxuan Pavilion] and several other buildings.

Out of all the properties that he owned, Ye Qingyu was most sentimental towards the [Taoxuan Pavilion].

Because when he was small, his mother had often brought him here.

Every grass and wood here, every stone and tile, would make Ye Qingyu remember the joyous days where his parents were beside him.

But namely for this reason, Ye Qingyu very rarely appeared here.

He did not want to recall the memories of his parents’ death.

In this short period of time, Ye Qingyu was silently standing in front of the entrance of [Taoxuan Pavilion]. After participating in the grand competition in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], he had always felt a stifling pressure in his mood. Perhaps it was the despicable actions of Xia Houwu, perhaps it was the academy’s reaction that made him disappointed, perhaps it was the worry over the little loli, or perhaps it was seeing this scenery that made him remember his passed away parents…

In the end, Ye Qingyu could not discern why he felt this way.

Ye Qingyu felt like he was a volcano about to erupt.

And at this time, Ye Qingyu could hear, behind the black doors there was sounds of intense fighting, indistinct curses and cries…

The colour of Tang San’s face instantly changed.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything, entering.

Behind the wall on the little brick practice grounds, two groups of people were facing off.

There were around five or six people in one group, wearing red-coloured armour and posturing in an imposing and violent manner. They had an aggressive appearance and should be people of respectable strength. The person leading them was a sixteen- or seventeen-year-old young man. Oily head and a powdered face, the smell of cosmetics enough to assault someone’s nostrils. He had a jade folding fan in his hand, extreme arrogance between his eyebrows and a cold smile on his face.

Opposite.

The other crowd was evidently much shabbier, with disorganized clothing and the majority with patches.

“Sun Yuhu, just what is the meaning of this? Why have you allowed people to injure junior brother Wang?” a young man with coarse clothing loudly shouted in rage.

Next to him, several young people were supporting an injured man around twenty years of age. His chest had been struck, the palm print evident. His chest had directly sunken in and blood flowed from his nose and mouth. His injuries were not light, and he had already fainted with a weak vitality.

“Haha, it was decided it was a spar so one must therefore use their full efforts. Within battle, blades and spears have no eyes. Since my people have injured Wang Ying by mistake, this can only be blamed on the fact that his skills are no enough.” The powdered face of the young man, Sun Yuhu had contempt, not caring in the slightest.

“You… we agreed we would stop at first contact. You intentionally did this, this is too much.” The coarse-clothed young man’s face turned red.

*Observing but not doing anything

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 98:


Chapter 98 – One Must Pay for a Murder with Their Life

Sun Yufu shot a warning glare at Ye Qingyu and Tang San. With a gaze filled with provocation, he evaluated both of them up and down. Waving his hands. “Eh, there’s really two people here that wants to learn from you guys? There is still people coming to study from such a ragged dojo? Are you two idiots? Quickly scram, if I see you coming here again then I’ll break your legs apart.”

Ye Qingyu did not speak.

He expressionlessly went towards the young injured man that everyone was supporting.

“Sigh, not listening to my advice. It seems that this little thing did not place any importance on my words. Hey, Lu Qiang, go and persuade this little brat who has no eyes…” Seeing that Ye Qingyu completely ignored him, Sun Yufu became angry and gave a sign to the burly man wearing red armour next to him. He placed heavy emphasis on the words ‘persuade’.

Lu Qiang quickly understood his meaning.

The stout man cracked his fingers, his armour clanking and squeaking. With a sinister smile, he walked towards Ye Qingyu, glaring at him with warning from high above. Coldly smiling, “Little kid, you refuse a toast but are forced to drink in the end*, you…”

Ye Qingyu’s hand slapped out.

Pak!

Accompanied by the crisp and clear slapping sound, the muscular man around one meter and ninety centimeters tall could not even react. He suffered the full force of the strike, half his face swollen up like a pig’s head. Like a kite whose string had been cut, he rotated in midair, landing on the other side of the earthen wall.

There were cold gasps of shock.

The contempt and uncaring expression gradually faded from Sun Yuhu’s face.

“You… who are you?”

He stealthily took a step backwards, retreating until he was amongst his crowd of guards.

Ye Qingyu did not reply to his words but walked in front of the person that was injured. He placed his palm on the young man’s chest, sensing, then his face darkened. The injury he had sustained was extremely malicious. It seemed as if it was only a palm strike on the surface, but in reality a hidden force had been emitted that destroyed the inner organs of this young man. Even if there was Spirit medicine or the like, this young man’s injuries could not be healed. The dead could not be brought back to life.

“Is he a student of [Taoxuan Pavilion]?”

Ye Qingyu stood up, looking at another youth with coarse clothing.

This young man hesitated for a bit.

“This is our young master, he’s not an outsider. Lin Tian, if your young master asks, then just answer.” Tang San quickly introduced Ye Qingyu’s identity. He could faintly feel that Ye Qingyu’s mood was not particularly well. He feared that this [Taoxuan Pavilion] student would incite Ye Qingyu’s anger.

The young person called Lin Tian was slightly taken aback.

He had long heard of the fact that the [Taoxuan Pavilion] had returned to the Ye family. But this new young master was extremely mysterious and had never appeared before them in these past days. The students with the dojo had no idea what the young master looked like with absolutely no impression of him. But for many students, the changes occurring within the dojo could be counted as a fortunate occurrence so they had positive feelings towards this new master.

Seeing him today, who would have guessed that the young master would be a teenager that was fresh and inexperienced.

“So it was the young master.” Lin Tian clasped his hands in greeting, then said, “We are the students of [Taoxuan Pavilion], this is junior brother Wang Ying.” He pointed at the young man who had already been placed onto a stretcher by the other people.

“Haha, I wondered who it was that was so impressive. So it’s the new master of this dojo.” After hearing these words, Sun Yuhu seemed to have thought of something, his expression becoming much more free and relaxed. “Interesting. But do you know, the person you have slapped is a person from the [Capture Barracks] of the north. Haha, you are going to be trouble…”

The colour of everyone’s face changed.

Ye Qingyu did not turn his head to look at Sun Yuhu. Asking Lin Tian again, “Who injured brother Wang Ying?”

Lin Tian hesitated for a moment, then pointed at another scarlet-red-armoured man next to Sun Yuhu.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head. “I know. Quickly go find a doctor, and use the best medicine… Don’t be afraid to spend money. Every expense will be paid by me.”

Lin Tian instantly became overjoyed. “Thank you, young maser.”

The students of the [Taoxuan Pavilion] were not really formal disciples. Only when they were free would they come to the dojo to train their bodies and practice martial arts, learning some techniques to defend against thieves and other small problems. The aim of their study was only to not be bullied by others, so strictly speaking, they were not the true students of [Taoxuan Pavilion]. According to the rules of the big dojos of the Northern district, these so called students had to pay for nearly every expense. Even if they were injured in a spar, they had to pay for the injuries themselves.

For a young man that originated from the poor, if he was injured in a spar and wanted to recover, the expenditure was absolutely shocking. Good medicine for treating injuries was expensive. It was enough to plunge his entire family in a dire situation.

Who would have thought the new master would be so generous?

Originally, Lin Tian and tens of other part-time students had already devised a plan to raise money for Wang Ying’s injuries. They did not think that the new master would appear and promise to bear the expenses of the injuries. It seemed like the character of this new master was not too bad.

Ye Qingyu gradually turned around, his gaze regarding Sun Yuhu and the others.

He beckoned at the scarlet-red-armoured muscular man Lin Tian had just pointed out.

The burly man laughed slightly, then walked step by step towards him. He stood in front of Ye Qingyu, blowing a breath of hot air right into Ye Qingyu’s face and then spat a goblet of saliva next to Ye Qingyu’s leg. Contemptuously, he coldly said, “What is it? Little brat, you want to take revenge for the poor little ants? Haha, you really don’t know how high the heavens is or how deep the earth goes. I am of the [Capture Barracks], if you dare to even harm me in the slightest, you…”

Before he had finished.

Ye Qingyu struck out again.

In the time of a spark, he unsheathed the sword that the burly man wore at his waist. A cold light flickered. Before the others could even react, the sword flickered with a swish in Ye Qingyu’s hand, as if it had come alive. In a split second, it revolved around the head of the muscular man, then once again returned to Ye Qingyu’s hand.

“A good sword!”

Ye Qingyu flicked the body of the blade, and the hum of the sword resounded throughout.

The cutting edge of the blade trembled.

At first, everyone was confused. They could only see Ye Qingyu once again placing back the sword into the muscular man’s waist.

Puchi!

A streak of blood red spurted out from the neck of the burly man.

This jet of blood instantly made the hearts of many people sink down to the valley floor.

The muscular man fearfully touched his neck, sensing the icy hand of the Death God that was choking his neck. Drop by drop, it was rending his life force away from him. His identity as a soldier of the [Capture Barracks] made him proud and was the reason for his arrogance. But even this could not cause life to return to his body.

Fear and regret completely overwhelmed him like the tide rushing in.

He looked towards the silhouette of the calm and collected youth, his vision gradually blurring.

“One must pay for murder with their own life. A debt that they owe, they must pay back. No matter what the time or era, these two phrases will forever be the theme of this world,” Ye Qingyu stood calmly within the courtyard, enunciating each word clearly. “It was originally a spar, to be stopped at first touch. But you chose to kill someone because you feel you are the stronger person. You chose to act without thinking of the consequences. But you forget, according to your logic, that people who are stronger than you, can also kill you…”

Silence fell around the ground.

The body of the burly man fell.

He had destroyed the meridians of Wang Ying. Under Ye Qingyu’s observation, he knew that Wang Ying could not live for much longer. He must pay the price for his murder with his own life.

“Crazy, you’ve gone crazy, you’ve absolutely gone crazy…” After being dumbfounded for a period of time, Sun Yuhu, like an alarmed chicken, began sharply screeching.

“Criminal. Everyone rush together, kill him.”

“Trash, to dare kill someone of the [Capture Barracks], you’re looking to die!”

The leftover soldiers wearing the scarlet red armour of the [Capture Barracks] acted. After a slight hesitation, their first reaction was not fear but rage that rushed into their temples. They took out the swords at their waist and surrounded Ye Qingyu. The cold light of the swords glimmered, like the floating snow in the sky. A chilling atmosphere prevailing throughout, they attacked.

“Although you did not kill anyone yet, but you have assisted him in his oppression.”

Ye Qingyu did not move from where he stood. He extended two fingers, inner yuan activating, clamping onto the incoming sword blade. Activating his inner yuan, the skin between the soldier’s thumb and finger ripped apart. Screaming for Ye Qingyu to let go, the soldier was sent flying backwards.

Holding this sword in his hand, Ye Qingyu aimlessly swiped it about.

Without any technique or method.

The shadows of the sword were disordered.

But it was extremely fast.

Ping!Ping!Ping!Ping!

The surrounding soldiers of the [Capture Barracks] could only feel an impact on the chest. Then, their mouth opened and jets of blood flew out. The impact sent them flying backwards, falling to the floor. They struggled to get up, but their body was completely powerless. They could not even crawl back up to a standing position.

Sun Yuhu’s face tragically changed. Not even emitting a single sound, he turned and ran towards the exit.

Ye Qingyu only gave him a glance, but did not stop him.

Tang San wanted to say something. His lips parted, but he ultimately did not say anything.

“Open the doors wide. I’ll wait here and see just what kind of reinforcement that effeminate man can find.” Ye Qingyu sat with his feet wide apart, on the steps of the practice stage of the [Taoxuan Pavilion]. He said to Tang San, “I suddenly want to drink some alcohol, go send someone to buy some.”

Tang San hurriedly directed someone to purchase alcohol.

“Where are the teachers of the dojo?”

“The original teachers were Nie Yan’s people. When Nie Yan left, he brought these people away with him.” Tang San came over, “There is only Master Zhou who stayed, and it was him who taught these students in these past days. I’ve already asked Lin Tian. Master Zhou brought Little Grass to purchase training equipment and he still hasn’t returned.”

As he said these, there were several part-time students that came stumbling over with pale faces. They stuttered, saying that they had some matters in their families that they needed to be taken care of and that they needed to return.

“You… are you guys afraid?” Lin Tian said, his face red. He pointed his finger at them in blame.

Ye Qingyu waved his hand. “Those who wants to go can go. This will prevent the matters of today affecting you. I can understand the thinking of everyone. I won’t blame you.”

“Young master, we are not afraid to die. Our life is cheap and is not worth much. But the way Sun Yufu does things is poisonous and malicious, we really are afraid that he’ll drag our family into this. My child has just reached one full month, and my mother is lying sick in her bed, I…” a young man spoke with an ashamed appearance.

Everyone lowered their heads.

Ye Qingyu smiled, his attitude extremely amiable. “I really don’t blame anyone. From today onwards, if [Taoxuan Pavilion] does not fall, then we welcome everyone to come back… just go.”

Tens of so called students left, the majority having departed.

Finally, there were only Lin Tian and two other youths around the ages of eighteen or nineteen. Evidently they were nervous, conflict in their eyes, but ultimately they forced themselves to stand behind Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu still did not say anything.

A short time later, alcohol had arrived.

The snowflakes drifting from the sky had become greater and greater, more and more concentrated. Cold glimmers completely covered the sky, like the drifting petals from a thousand trees.

The sound of footsteps came.

A white-haired old man and a little girl. They came in from the entrance.

The old man had silver hair, but a rosy light in his cheeks, evidently still possessing superb vitality. He was gasping for breath, holding onto his walking stick and white mist came from his silver white head. Evidently, he had run too fast, causing him to overheat. The little girl was as if she was carved from jade, like a fairy on the snowy ground. Beads of sweat dripped from her forehead, and she carried a medicine box around the same size as her. She was also breathing roughly.

*hesitate to do something until they are forced to do it

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 99:


Chapter 99 – A Spear

Ye Qingyu gave him a glance. Wasn’t this the old doctor, Li Shizen?

Previously in the Ye mansion when he had found someone to treat Qin Lan’s injuries, this doctor had left a deep impression with Ye Qingyu. He did not expect that they would meet again today. They really had been brought together again by fate.

“Where’s the injured person?”

It seems that Li Shizen had hurried here and ran. After standing straight for several breaths of time to recover and pant, he finally managed to calm his breathing down. Wiping away his sweat, he saw the six soldiers of the [Capture Barracks] lying on the ground. This did not cause too much shock in his face and a calm expression was present throughout.

Tang San quickly rushed over and greeted him, bringing him to Wang Ying lying on the stretcher.

The little girl with braided hair also panted after him carrying the medicinal box.

Ye Qingyu silently sat on the snow covered steps.

Tang San came over beside Ye Qingyu’s ear. He went over the background of Sun Yufu with a suppressed voice.

So the powder faced pretty boy was the foster son of the Liu Yuancheng of the government office. Together with the Liu Lei that had already died in Ye Qingyu’s hand, they used to get up to all sorts of evil within the city. Using their position to bully others, they did small things from oppressing others tyrannically to murder and arson. Within the city, they were known as ‘one wolf and one Bei*’. They had done far too many actions that offended Heaven and reason.

After Liu Lei had died at Ye Qingyu’s hands, Liu Yuancheng had lost his only son. Under his sorrow, he brought Sun Yufu to be raised within his residence, adopting him and doting on him even more. As a result of this, Sun Yufu became even more arrogant and willful and was one of the calamities of this city.

During these past days, for some reason, Sun Yufu had arrived at the Northern district and schemed together with several camps of the Northern military office. He incited and provoked trouble at every opportunity. Who knows what kind of wind was blowing today, that he had come to the [Taoxuan Pavilion].

After hearing everything, Ye Qingyu still did not open his mouth.

He grabbed a jar of wine, unplugging the cover and the fragrant wine instantly wafted out. His inner yuan activated and with a slight suction, the aquamarine water became a jet stream, shooting out from the jar of wine into his mouth. This caused the smell of alcohol to permeate the air.

The wine that Tang San had sent people to buy was definitely good alcohol.

Ye Qingyu fiercely drank a large gulp.

A fiery spiciness entered into his body, and he could feel a hotness in his chest. It was as if he only needed to open his mouth to breath fire.

And at this time, there were the sounds of ordered footsteps resounding from outside.

Ta!Ta!Ta!Ta!

Waves after waves of footsteps, as if they were ordered drum beats, sounded in an extreme rhythm. As if the earth was shaking, as if they were a terrifying huge beast rushing towards them. It got nearer and nearer, and they could even hear the clink of the metallic armour. A fierce atmosphere was heading towards them.

Within the air, there was an aura of tenseness.

Worry could not help but appear on Tang San’s face.

Lin Tian and his two comrades only felt their throats drying up and their calf muscles beginning to cramp up.

Undoubtedly, this was Sun Yufu bringing people here for revenge. Very possibly, these were the elite soldiers of the [Capture Barracks], true killing machines. They were different from normal mercenaries and gangs, once the machinery of soldiers operates, it could completely crush everything in its path.

Very quickly, the flood of footsteps stopped in front of the door.

Boom!

The black willow door exploded, wood flying chaotically everywhere.

A neat ordered row of long spears under the protection of wooden shields gradually neared, and behind them were the soldiers wielding these spears. Red armour, red masks, an endless icy glare emitting from their pupils. Without the slightest trace of fluctuations or shakiness, as if they were just icy machines. Each soldier held a spear with one hand and a round shield with the other, forming a neat orderly squadron. They slowly neared, like a scarlet red city wall. Slow but unstoppable, they advanced crushingly towards them.

The metallic bloody killing aura overwhelmed them in an instant.

In a moment’s time, beads of sweat dripped down from Tang San’s forehead.

Ye Qingyu did not even lift his glance up a single bit.

He opened his mouth and sucked.

The beautiful wine in the jar again transformed into an aquamarine jet of water, gushing into his mouth.

In one breath, he had drunk half the jar.

“Drinking wine like that will hurt your body and waste the wine,” a voice came out from beside him. It was the white-haired Li Shizen. After inspecting Wang Ying’s injuries, and taking care of the wounds, he came to the steps and spoke to Ye Qingyu.

“How are the injuries?” Ye Qingyu asked.

“You’ve already seen for yourself. You should be extremely clear on what the situation is like.” Li Shizen shook his head. “His organs are all injured and it is impossible to recover. You’ve already used your inner yuan to extend his last breath, but it cannot last longer than three days.”

“Even you can’t save him?” Ye Qingyu sighed in sorrow.

“Medicine and doctors cannot heal a death sickness. Only those fated can be saved.” Li Shizen stroked his white beard, “When a doctor treats a sickness, such is always so. When their life has snapped, I am powerless. I can only allow Qingqing to treat him simply. I guarantee that in these three days, he will die painlessly.”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, and retreated back into his silent state.

When faced with the fierce and ominous soldiers of the capture barracks, this old doctor did not display the slightest trace of fear. In reverse to this, he had a calm and serene smile. This could not help but make Ye Qingyu evaluate him even more highly. This doctor Li really had the manner of an old man that had separated himself from worldly affairs.

Qiang!Qiang!Qiang!Qiang!

The spears drummed on the shields, the clash of metal enough to make people’s hearts palpitate.

The first three rows of the spears moved aside and a passageway appeared that allowed a person to walk through. The Sun Yufu who had swapped his clothing for armour stepped through and a two-meter-tall burly man followed behind him. He had black metal armour on, like a steel tower, and a killing aura swirling around him. He was like a towering divine statue coming closer step by step.

The moment this black tower burly man appeared, a pressure was evident on the grounds.

“It’s him, it’s that little trash that dared to kill people of the [Capture Barracks]…” The sharp pitched voice of Sun Yufu’s throat sounded, pointed at Ye Qingyu and screeching.

The black-armoured burly man coldly glanced at Ye Qingyu, then look towards the soldiers struggling to get up on the ground. He lightly waved his arm.

There were spear soldiers that came to support the six soldier’s unconscious on the ground, bringing them away.

The towering burly man’s palm moved, and a black steel shackle appeared within his hands.

This shackle was approximately three meters long, and was coiled around the hands of the burly man like a black python. The steel body of the shackle had dried bloodstains painted on the surface. And on the two ends of this chain, there were two sharp barbs, like the tongue from a poisonous stake. It caused one to shake with dread when seeing this.

Bang!

The towering black-armoured man threw the shackles next to Ye Qingyu’s foot.

“Do it yourself, and bind the soul stealing shackles behind your back and your hands. Then follow me to the [Capture Barracks].” The towering man’s words were as if he was announcing judgement. Pausing for a moment, he coldly said again, “Don’t feel lucky. As long as you obediently follow us, I can let go of your family and friends. If you dare resist, then I’ll exterminate everyone that you know.”

An explosive rage and killing intent permeated the air.

Ye Qingyu fiercely drank a mouthful of the beautiful wine and laughed. His palm sucked the black chain into his hands, and he touched it all over with his hands. Shaking his head, he said, “What kind of toy is this, that you would bring it out to threaten people…”

He clenched the shackles with both of his hand, not seeming exerting that much force, and then this terrifying steel chain instantly transformed into scrap metal. As if a craftsman was kneading dough, he easily destroyed the chain then threw it on the stage. Landing with a bang, it suddenly made the hearts of everyone shake madly.

The colour of this towering man drastically changed. In his tiger-like eyes, cold light exploded.

“When was it that the kingdom’s soldiers defending the city became the dogs that were privately raised by the nobles? That every dog- and cat-like character, could deploy as they want? When was it that they became thugs?” Ye Qingyu leaned against the platform, hugging the jar of wine, saying his words clearly and slowly.

“You little trash, you dare to be so arrogant in front of commander Zhang and dare act so recklessly.” Sun Yuhu hid beside the towering man, stamping his foot. Pointing at Ye Qingyu, he began to loudly curse at Ye Qingyu, “I’m telling you this, today you are dead for sure. Wait until you’ve been dragged into the [Capture Barracks], I will definitely make sport of you, making you unable to even beg for life and death!”

“Liu Yuancheng really is an idiot. His son that stirred up trouble everywhere died. Then he really adopted such a son that would invite disaster everywhere.” Ye Qingyu grabbed through the air.

A soldier of the [Capture Barracks] exhaled in shock. He could hold the scarlet red spear in his hands no longer, the spear flying out.

Ye Qingyu held the spear slightly. Without aiming or looking, he casually threw it out.

The long spear formed a long trajectory, with not a very fast speed that sailed towards Sun Yuhu.

Sun Yuhu was shocked, and instinctively wanted to retreat backwards. But then he realized he was under the many layers of protection of the soldiers of the capture barracks and the commander Zhang next to him was an expert of the martial way. There was completely no need to be afraid. Such a soft and weak spear throw definitely could not injure him.

Thinking of this, Sun Yuhu conversely did not retreat backwards anymore but rather took a step forward to indicate his fearsomeness.

The towering commander coldly snorted and grabbed towards the incoming spear.

In his heart, he could already not determine Ye Qingyu’s background anymore.

To casually knead the steel chain like dough, then this indicated that the strength of this youth was extremely strong. But this did not hold any threat towards him, because Zhang Heng had seen too many strong people in his life before. Even if he was not his opponent he was not afraid because the people standing beside him were not only the [Capture Barracks], but also the entire defending army of Deer City. But right now, this teenager would dare to insult and abuse the Liu Yuancheng of the government office. This was a sign of many problems to come.

At this instant, Zhang Heng slightly regretted that he would bring people to help Sun Yuhu here in order to gain the favour of Liu Yuancheng.

But at this moment, since Sun Yuhu was in danger, he could not abandon him.

As his hand stretched out, he had already managed to grab the icy cold spear.

Zhang Heng had confidence in his strength.

He had already planned, after receiving the spear strike of this youth, how he would handle the situation afterwards. But at this time, something that he had never thought would have happened occurred. The scarlet red spear suddenly rapidly rotated, as if inside it was a strong force that was currently exploding. It instantly shook off his hand.

“Shit!”

Zheng Hen shouted loudly in his heart.

The next instant—–

“Ahhhh…”

He could see Sun Yuhu with wide open eyes, convulsing in fear. The scarlet red spear had pierced through his left shoulder. The enormous force the spear brought sent him sailing backwards. After knocking over several soldiers, the spear finally landed with a boom, nailing Sun Yuhu on an earthen wall tens of meters away.

*legendary wolf like creature, kind of like a hyena

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 100:


Chapter 100 – Go Back and Ask

The body of Sun Yuhu quivered and vibrated in the air.

Sun Yuhu was nailed alive to the wall.

Thankfully for him, this spear did not hit any of his vitals. It only pierced through his left shoulder without reaping his life away.

But the pain originating from his shoulder made Sun Yuhu squeal in a high pitch, like a pig being slaughtered. Subconsciously, he crazily struggled and tore the wound open even further causing fresh blood to streak out. His eyes rolled over, the whites showing and fainting directly.

Huge shock was within the hearts of the soldiers of the [Capture Barracks] when they witnessed this scene.

The first row of the spear soldiers already had the spears ready in their hands. They held the spears above their heads. This was a sign that they were about to be thrown. Once the long spears were thrown, the soldiers of the [Capture Barracks] would be like a well-oiled machine, beginning to do battle.

“Don’t act!” the towering black-armoured commander lifted his hand, shouting.

The movement of the soldiers instantly froze, as if they had become orderly statues.

Seeing this scene, Ye Qingyu could not help but sigh in admiration.

The [Capture Barracks] was the elite army of Deer City. This type of military discipline really caused someone to feel a whole new level of respect for this group of soldiers. Swift like the wind, gentle like the forest, motionless like a mountain. It was a pity that such a squadron would become thugs that nobles could casually deploy as they pleased.

“Who is your distinguished self?”

Zhang Heng stared at Ye Qingyu, his tone becoming much more mild.

Being in the army for so many years, he had experienced many turbulent situations before. Zhang Heng was absolutely a man with keen insight, able to determine whether a person was a true Buddha or a scarecrow. He could indistinctly sense that the youth sitting on the steps of the stage was calm and composed, every movement expressing a heavy self-confidence. This teenager was even more complicated than what his imagination.

Ye Qingyu laughed. “You followed Sun Yuhu to smash my property aggressively. The moment you came, you did not attach any importance to me, believing that you could definitely gobble me up. Before this, did you not ask who I am?”

Zhang Heng hesitated, not saying anything.

“My young master comes from White Deer Academy. His name is Ye Qingyu,” Tang San suppressed the fear in his heart, stepping forward to answer this question.

Ye Qingyu?

Zhang Heng paused, faintly feeling that this name was somewhat familiar. After pondering for a while, he abruptly understood. Shocked in his heart, he carefully evaluated Ye Qingyu from head to toe.

“That Ye Qingyu of White Deer Academy?” Zhang Heng briefly nodded his head, his tone much warmer. “Your name has been known to me for a long time. So you really are Ye Qingyu. Fine, the things that happened today was my mistake. I did not understand the reason thoroughly before coming here. I ask for young lord Ye not to take offense. From now on, I won’t get involved again, but… One soldier of the [Capture Barracks] had died. I fear that the Northern military office will come and investigate. Young lord Ye, be careful.”

Finishing what he had to say, he turned and left.

“Let’s go.”

Zhang Heng waved his hands. Hundreds of soldiers orderly retrieved their weapons. As if they were one entity, they turned and left like the tide, gradually disappearing.

Sun Yuhu was like a dead dog that was supported by other people. Plucking out the long spear stabbed into his body, the surrounding soldiers placed him onto a stretcher. The moment the spear was pulled out, pain caused him to regain consciousness. He struggled, groaning and whining, “Where is he? Where is that damn trash? Have you captured him? I need to kill him, I need to kill his entire family…”

Ye Qingyu lifted his hands. “Wait a moment.”

The footsteps of Zhang Heng stopped. He turned his head backwards. “What is it?”

And at this time, Sun Yuhu finally understood what the situation was like. The soldiers beside him were desperately restraining him. He instinctively turned backwards, seeing Ye Qingyu’s gaze like that of a blade. His heart instantly quivered. A hard to describe fear and terror overcame him. His mouth opened and a spurt of blood flew out, fainting again.

Ye Qingyu looked at the Sun Yuhu being carried away, his face filled with malevolence. Deep in his eyes, there was an unnoticed killing intent that flashed by.

Ye Qingyu pointed to the broken willow entrance, “Who smashed the doors? Compensate me.”

Zhang Heng suddenly felt like there were black lines on his face. He thought it was for some other reason that he had been stopped. Letting out a breath of relief, he took out an interdimensional pouch and threw it into the hands of Tang San. “There is ten thousand gold here, to repay young lord Ye’s dojo door.”

The corners of Tang San’s mouth twitched, turning his head to look at Ye Qingyu.

Ten thousand gold was enough to repair and replace a willow door ten thousand times over. This was a huge sum, far exceeding the value of the entrance. Holding this sum in his hand was somewhat scalding for Tang San.

But Ye Qingyu’s eyelids did not even move.

Tang San instantly became calm, accepting naturally and storing away the interdimensional pouch.

Zhang Heng smiled, turning to leave again.

Who would have guessed that at this time, Ye Qingyu would open his mouth yet again, “Wait a moment.”

Zhang Heng stopped his footsteps, his eyebrows frowning slightly. In his tiger-like eyes there was a hint of anger, but he ultimately controlled his emotions. He turned around yet again and smiled, “What is it? Could it be that young lord Ye feels that ten thousand gold is not enough to repair the doors? If it is like this, then young lord Ye just say a price. I’ll see if I, Zhang Heng and the brothers of the [Capture Barracks] can afford to compensate you for the entrance.”

The meaning of his words evidently hinted that Ye Qingyu was being slightly too greedy.

Tang San also sweated, feeling that his young master had really gone slightly too far.

Under the gaze of countless eyes, Ye Qingyu lightly shook his head.

“Then what is young lord Ye’s intention?” Zhang Heng opened his mouth.

Ye Qingyu took a large mouthful of alcohol, casually rubbing away the droplets of wine near his lips. He lightly tapped the jar of wine, as if he was pondering something. After a short while, he slowly exhaled a murky breath filled with the smell of alcohol.

He looked at Zhang Heng, a faint smile on his face. Slowly, “From the moment I’ve returned to the Ye mansion, I’ve already had several contact with the people of the Northern military office. It was not particularly cheerful. Our fate together is really not light. Therefore, could I trouble you to bring a message to your superior in the military office? Go ask him, does he really want to go against the widows and orphans of the Ye family? Is the heroic brass badge really, in the eyes of the lord of the military office, scrap metal?”

Zhang Heng hesitated.

His expression instantly became extremely embarrassed.

Zheng Heng looked at the indifferent calmness of this youth. He suddenly felt that everything that Ye Qingyu did before, compared to this expression of tranquility and calmness, did not count as anything. Only at this moment could he sense the intensity of this youth from White Deer Academy, could he sense the depths of this youth.

Zhang Heng abruptly felt that he really shouldn’t have come today.

He did not feel that Ye Qingyu was arrogant.

As if everything that occurred today was a matter of course for Ye Qingyu.

In truth, the moment he heard the name of this teenager, he had come to a realization. Even if he was a commander of the [Capture Barracks], even if his military position was not low, he did not possess the requirements to face this youth. In the entire Northern district, perhaps only the military general had the right to speak face to face with this youth.

An unyielding brass military badge. A grand competition that had spread out throughout the entire Deer City and even the entire mountain range. Without signs or sounds, it had already completely changed everything.

The wings of this youth had already been formed.

“I know; I will convey this to the military leader.”

Zhang Heng clasped his hands, retreating several steps. Then he turned around abruptly, and with a wave of his hands, the hundreds of soldiers of the [Capture Barracks] under his command retreated like the tide, disappearing in a distant corner far off in the street.

Within the air, the permeating tenseness and mutual hostility gradually dispersed.

Only until the last of the soldiers of the [Capture Barracks] disappeared from his view did Tang San let out a sigh of relief. He wiped the vast quantity of sweat from his brows while his heart drummed madly. Only after a while could he regain his composure.

Lin Tian and his two comrades panted roughly and unevenly as if they were about to collapse. Excitement and stimulation they had never experienced before enveloped these three people. They stealthily looked towards the back of Ye Qingyu. The hearts of these three people were submerged with respect and curiosity towards the young master of the [Taoxuan Pavilion]. One name was enough to make the Zhang Heng of the [Capture Barracks] lead his troops to retreat, what kind of power was this?

Lin Tian clearly understood that his choice today to stay behind was really too correct.

And at this time, around the short earthen walls of the [Taoxuan Pavilion], there were already quite a number of people gathered.

Every face, fat and slim, had every kind of marvelous and different expression. Curiosity and respect towards the teenager holding a jar of wine on the stage. The moment the conflict began, this news transferred through the district at the speed of a tornado. Coming from different areas all kinds of people gathered here, each holding a different aim, to see the commotion.

Nearly everyone felt that the [Taoxuan Pavilion] could not escape from this predicament.

In these years, the power of the army had been deeply imprinted within the hearts of everyone in Deer City. By and large, even if it was someone from an average noble family, they would not dare to offend the officers within the city. Especially for elite troops like the [Capture Barracks], they could nearly go on a rampage without fearing the consequences.

At the instant the doors were broken down, some people laughed.

A group of people had already stealthily calculated and planned what would occur if the [Taoxuan Pavilion] fell. Just what kind of benefits would they be able to gain? Such as from what kind of contact with the [Capture Barracks] could they use to repossess the land of the [Taoxuan Pavilion], using it for some other purpose. After all, the area that this land covered was not small. It had been a fatty piece of meat in the eyes of many people for a long time….

They had never thought…

One phrase and one name.

That the [Capture Barracks] would retreat just like that.

Sun Yuhu was beaten till he was like a dead dog. The commander was reprimanded in front of everyone… All of this was not enough to make the [Capture Barracks] retailate in furious anger.

How many years had it been since the army admitted defeat so easily and quickly?

The muscular commander Zhang Heng was someone very many people recognize. He was the famous martial madman of this area, a pain in the neck for many people. The way he did things was vicious and merciless. If he fell out with you, he would not recognize anyone. If he went insane, he would not even recognize his own family. Even some small nobles would be somewhat afraid of the consequences of angering him. But this time, when facing the young master of the [Taoxuan Pavilion], he apologized and paid for the damages.

What did this represent?

Thinking of the power behind the young master of the [Taoxuan Pavilion], everyone was completely shaken.

The hearts of the people that were scheming to gain some small benefits had already turned icy cold. They did not dare to have the slightest intention to covet the [Taoxuan Pavilion] anymore.

And the people who had some grievances with [Taoxuan Pavilion], who had secretly directed people to make things difficult for [Taoxuan Pavilion] and the other properties of Ye family, could not help but be worried. They hurried to send people to cancel their prepared plans, and began to think of methods on how to repair the relationship between them and Ye Qingyu.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

