Chapter 1133:


Chapter 1148 Simply Too Incredible


"Reason? Do I look like the kind who would reason with you?" Ye Qingyu asked as he lifted his leg again, shattering the other leg of the vile slave with another crack. Blood flowed out of the fracture, and he wiped the blood from his feet on the slave's clothes. "Why the fuck are you talking about reasoning with me, when you're not reasonable yourself?" he said.

"Ah... don't, don't... I was wrong..." the triangular-faced vile slave cried and began to beg.

He was no fool and had already realized that today was not going to be his day. He had met someone more vicious than him, and he was no match for this man. If he did not beg for his life, he was afraid that this barbarian would really kill him.

"Wrong? Where were you wrong?" Ye Qingyu asked as he lowered his head to scrutinize the man.

"Ah?" the evil slave was at a loss now. He had already admitted his mistake, so why did he still have to say what he did wrong?
This...why can't he just let me off after I've admitted my mistake? He's not going according to the rules of the game.

Ye Qingyu instantly turned furious upon seeing that the slave was hesitant.

"Ah what? Didn't you say that you admit you were wrong?" Demon King Ye was displaying the demonic side of him that was revealed some time ago, at the Road of Chaos. He grew increasingly mad as he spoke and raised his foot to stomp another few ribs of the slave to bits.

"Ahhh, spare me, I'm in the wrong, I was really wrong..." the triangular-faced vile slave howled and screamed. Snot flew out of his nose and tears streaked down his face as he cried pitifully and struggled to beg for mercy.

Ye Qingyu looked so angry that his face had almost turned pale. "Wrong? Fucking tell me then, where were you wrong? Fucking tell me, if you can't tell me, does that mean that I've wronged you? Am I that sort of person?"

Everyone was dumbstruck by the scene unfolding before them.

No matter what race they were from, they felt perturbed.

Most of them began to mourn the vile slave secretly. He had finally met someone who was more than a match for him, and the middle-aged man was pretending to act like a fool while tormenting him. He was truly out to let the slave have a taste of what retribution felt like.

That said, why did the overbearing attitude of this man make them feel so damn good?

Everyone was beginning to smile privately.

"Ahh, spare me, I was really wrong, I shouldn't have seized his herbs, I shouldn't have scolded you, I shouldn't have talked down to that girl, I was wrong..." the triangular-faced vile slave howled and tried hard to "reflect" on his own wrongdoings. He told the man everything that he felt he had done wrong and howled for mercy.

Ye Qingyu broke a few of the slave's bones again without mercy. "Only that?" he roared.

"Ah?" the vile slave was confused. He had already cried so much, what else could he have done wrong?

"Are you still trying to put up an act? Let me help you recall..." Ye Qingyu lifted his foot again, and there were a few resounding crunches as he broke a few more of the slave's bones.

By this time, there were only a few bones left intact on the slave. If he wasn't an expert in formation magic and martial arts, his injuries would have caused him to die a hundred times over. Even so, he panicked upon realizing that he could not regenerate after trying hard to channel blood qi within his body. Evidently, the level of cultivation and power of this middle-aged man was much more terrible than what he let on.

He was close to being driven insane from pain.

"Ahh, spare me, don't..." he cried, his pitiful appearance similar to that of a virgin girl who had been molested. "I'm wrong, I'm really wrong, I've done too much wrong deeds... spare me, my Lord, I really can't recall."

Ye Qingyu squatted down and pointed at his own face. "Fucking think carefully again. Look at my face and think about what you did today," he said.

The evil slave struggled to recall before it suddenly hit him that this middle-aged man was the same person who he tried to flog with his whip but missed earlier this morning. During that time, he was driving a carriage to send the Princess of the royal residence out, and he had passed through the bazaar.

He felt as though he was suddenly enlightened.

So, it was all because of that.

Damn, I didn't know I was bringing so much trouble upon myself earlier on.

"Yes, yes, yes... so it was you, my Lord. Damn me, I shouldn't have driven that carriage through a crowded market, and I shouldn't have tried to use a whip to hit you, sir. I was wrong, really wrong..." The evil slave looked like he had totally repented and was howling. He cried terribly and acknowledged his sins.

Ye Qingyu stood up and let out a long breath of air. He nodded in satisfaction as he said, "This is more like it... since you know that you were wrong, wasn't it right for you to be punished?"

"Pfft..." The young woman in red had been trying hard to control her laughter, but could no longer hold it in after hearing Ye Qingyu's last comment. She laughed so hard that she nearly spewed out a mouthful of water.

She looked at Ye Qingyu speechlessly. She felt that this middle-aged man was totally an executioner that was sent from the heavens to torment the triangular-shaped vile slave, and that he was a cool character. She clenched her fists tightly and was extremely pleased.

The other onlookers were so amazed by his latest statement that they nearly held onto their faces in amazement.

Heavens, where did this middle-aged man come from? He's a living treasure!

He simply looked too shameless. In fact, he was so shameless that it was adorable.

Far too adorable.

They felt that their world view was completely overturned just then.

The evil slave was nearly trampled to death by him. Was this not enough punishment already?

The slave was also completely perturbed himself. "Ah? Punishment? I... my Lord..." he stuttered. This time, he really cried.
All of the bones in my body have nearly been crushed, is this still insufficient punishment?
he thought.

Even so, he had turned panicky and fearful under Ye Qingyu's watchful gaze, which seemed to have turned ice cold again. He could only brace himself and reply, "Yes, yes, yes, I should be punished, I should..."

"Hehe, that's good. Look, you willingly admitted that you were wrong, and you felt that you should receive punishment. I didn't force you. To think that a baddy like you would have such a high level of perception. You're really worth teaching," Ye Qingyu said as he nodded in satisfaction.

"Yes, yes, yes, I'm willing," the slave with a triangular face had nearly exhausted his tear glands by now. He was nearly unable to cry anymore.

"That's good," Ye Qingyu replied, nodding in satisfaction again.

Everyone else watched as he patiently broke each bone of the slave by stomping on him. He ground them to dust, and the evil slave howled and screeched in agony. Eventually, the slave's body had been completely mashed into a bloody pulp, and only his head was left intact.

Warriors of the Saint realm could remain alive even if their entire bodies had been turned into dust, even more so with their heads intact.

Although he was still alive, however, the slave's skull was nearly deformed by now, and snot flowed from his nose.

Ye Qingyu clapped his hands and laughed. "I know, you're feeling indignant, but do you know who I am?"

This statement was what everyone was thinking about.

Ever since he appeared, the most pressing question on everyone else's mind was to know who exactly this incomparably ferocious middle-aged man was. He was simply too forceful; he did not even care about offending the people of the King of Zhenyuan's estate.

Now that Ye Qingyu asked the question himself, everyone immediately realized that this middle-aged man could really have come from some amazing background. Why else would he purposely torment the tyrannical slave? This was akin to declaring war with the estate of the King of Zhenyuan. In the future, their people would be bound to look for him to exact vengeance.

"You... who are you, my Lord? I... I was blind to not know who you were," the vile slave replied. He was also petrified and spoke respectfully to Ye Qingyu in spite of his pain.

"You really don't know?" Ye Qingyu raised his voice.

"Er... I should die for my incompetence, but I really don't recognize you, sir. Please tell me, my Lord..." the slave replied, nearly crying out of fear again, after glancing at Ye Qingyu's expression.

"Oh, I'm relieved that you don't know who I am."

After speaking, Ye Qingyu's leg flew out and kicked the slave's head away like a ball. It flew out like a ray of flowing light, and no one knew where it landed.

Everyone was stunned.

What was the meaning of his actions?

"Haha, how dare you scold me if you don't know who I am? That's a completely foolish thing to do. Don't bump into me again in the future, hahaha..." he laughed and clapped, before turning his head to see the youth beside him. He was looking as dazed as the other people. "Young brother, I'm going to run now. You should leave this place immediately; are you waiting for the people of the King of Zhenyuan to come looking for you, wanting revenge?" he said.

"Ah?" the youth blanked out for a while before comprehending Ye Qingyu's words. He nodded and replied, "Thank you sir, thank you..." He carried the interdimensional pouch as if it contained the life line of his family and turned to leave. His face was still pale and he supported his body weight on his crutch.

"Eh? Wait a second..." Ye Qingyu lifted his arm.

The young man turned back and replied, "Do you still have other bits of wisdom to impart to me, sir?"

Ye Qingyu walked over and patted the youth lightly on his shoulder. "Find a place to hide and don't let the people from the estate of the King of Zhenyuan find you, understand?" he said.

"Yes, thank you, sir," the youth replied and nodded in gratitude.

In the next instant, everyone's vision blurred before they noticed that Ye Qingyu had disappeared into thin air. No one knew where he went, and it was as if he had not appeared before them at all.

Had the fearsome and powerful man really left?

All of the living beings present did not believe that to be true.

They recalled his impudence earlier on.
Now that he fled, was it just an act? His questioning of the slave was especially suspicious. Was his point of asking the vile creature whether he knew who he was part of his escape plan? If the slave had recognized him, would he have directly killed him?

Even the young lady in red looked as though she could not believe what she had just seen.

The entire incident that had happened in the bazaar that day was truly like a dream.

"Eh? Where is he? Where is he?" the round-faced little maid looked around them longingly.

Just at this moment, the crippled youth shouted in amazement.

Everyone's gaze returned to him, and they were also shocked.

Amazingly, the rows of dense scars had fallen off his body, and the scabs peeled off to reveal his white and glowing skin underneath. No scar was left behind, and his skin was completely intact. At the same time, his shattered leg had completely healed; the internal injuries sustained from the evil slave's kicks earlier on were also completely gone...

Within a few breaths, his entire aura had completely changed. He did not look on the verge of death anymore. Instead, he looked full of life and vigor, and a mysterious pressure emanated from within his body.

This...I feel as though I've become a completely different person.

How could this happen?

The youth looked at his hands in a daze.

He could sense that his body was full of energy now. His recent tiredness and pain had been swept clean, and the internal injuries in his body no longer hurt.

"What happened?" he muttered in shock.

The young woman in red's eyes glowed with disbelief as something came to her. She was suddenly enlightened and exclaimed involuntarily, "It was him... he patted you on the shoulder just now... so he was actually healing you... Heavens, that middle-aged man... who is he exactly to have such a terrifying amount of power? Could he be a peak-level Great Saint?"

Everyone else was suddenly enlightened as well.

It must be so.

They recalled that the man had purposely found some random topic to talk about with the youth and patted him on the shoulder before leaving. The maiden in red's guess must be correct.

Instantly, countless gazes of envy fell on the young man.

That was because they had noticed that the youth looked completely different now. Very possibly, he had broken free from the shackles of the Dark Ones' naturally weak constitution that restricted them from learning martial arts. They could see from the pressure that emanated from his body, as well as its quality, that the youth's constitution had undergone a fundamental change.

To the Alien Dark Ones, this was a rare, once in a lifetime opportunity.

"Er... that benefactor, who is he exactly?"

The youth was very excited, but he felt a little regretful and disappointed, realizing that he did not even know what the middle-aged man's name was. That would prevent him from finding him to repay his kindness; how could he not repay such a great favor?

The young woman in red regained her senses and gradually contained the shock in her heart. She regretted a little at having not flirted with him earlier on. With his strength and level of cultivation, there might be a possibility that he could change the fate of the Marquis's estate if he became one of them.

"Brother, you should leave now. Don't remain here, beware of them coming to seek revenge..." she hurriedly reminded the youth.

The young man looked as though he had just woken up from a dream and hurriedly thanked her before turning around and leaving quickly.

The young woman grabbed the arm of her maid and disappeared into the crowd.

About fifteen minutes later.

The estate of the King of Zhenyuan had received the news and finally found the head of the vile slave. It was in a toilet about twenty-five kilometers from the bazaar, soaked in filthy water.

"Butler Wei..."

The guards who found his head were shocked and hurriedly fished it out of the filth.

Another thirty minutes later.

Hundreds of iron-clad guards of the estate of the King of Zhenyuan hurried over to the bazaar. They swept through the market like ferocious predators out on a hunt.

Their leader was holding onto a head that had just been washed clean with both hands respectfully.

From its face, it could be identified as the triangular-shaped head of the vile slave.

His body had not been regenerated. His face looked sinister as he roared, "Find that bastard, even if you have to dig one meter into the ground! I want to flay him and remove all of his ligaments! I want to drink his blood and feast on his flesh... I swear never to be known as human if I can't avenge myself. Ahhhh, I'm so pissed!"

Each of the iron-clad guards of the King of Zhenyuan's estate held a portrait in their hands and began to search the entire bazaar.

News of the incident spread like wildfire throughout the entire Royal City of the Guardians and alarmed countless people.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1134:


Chapter 1149 Finally Admitting Defeat?


The King of Zhenyuan's estate had always been famous for being overbearing in the Royal City of the Guardians. Even though the King currently was indeed a figure of core importance and held great power, he had offended many people over the years. Ordinarily, his enemies were afraid to speak out, but all of them felt incredibly at ease when they heard that such an incident had happened to one of his people.

Naturally, his nemeses were more than happy to spread the news around.

Wei Heng was one of the people who was in charge of managing external affairs of the King's estate. It was said that he was one of the most handy and trusted managers of the King's favorite daughter, and no one could restrain his arrogance and pushiness in the Royal City. He had been beaten up by a mysterious man so badly that only his head was left, and rumor had it that he needed the help of a female official from the King of Zhenyuan's estate to regenerate his body. This incident was a huge blow and challenge to the fame and reputation of the King of Zhenyuan's estate. There was a saying in Mandarin that warned one to be wary of a dog's master when one wanted to beat it. Wei Heng behaved like a rabid dog of the King's estate everyday, and no one dared to offend him on account of the influential King of Zhenyuan. He had finally received the retribution he deserved.

The incident was the most interesting subject matter for conversations during this edition of the Wanyi Bazaar Festival to many nobles in the city.

"I don't care who he is. He has to pay the price of beating a manager of my estate. If he knows what's good for him, he'll come forth to surrender himself quickly. Perhaps I would let his family and close ones off then..."

The lord of the estate released his statement in the night.

The iron-clad guards of the King had also began searching the entire city, each of them holding onto a jade scroll containing a portrait of the murderer. It looked as though they would soon start digging the ground to uncover the hiding place of the man, and the situation was extremely tense. Armoured cavalry charged along every street, and many people could hear commotions outside throughout the entire night.

Even so, they had no findings when day broke again.

After all, the Royal City of the Guardians was too large. If someone—a true expert—wanted to conceal himself, trying to find him would be like searching for water in the ocean. Most importantly, no one knew about the man's background, and there weren't much leads for the guards to follow.

It placed the estate of the King of Zhenyuan on the defensive.

Ye Qingyu stretched lazily and carefree at dawn. He stood before the window of the resting station and surveyed the streets.

Central City gradually became more vibrant as the sun rose.

Even though the Wanyi Bazaar Festival was already over, the after effects were still evident. The Dark Ones, who possessed a low social status, had already retreated from Central City, while the nobles that came from other parts still remained behind. Everyone had their own agenda, and all kinds of scenes and emotions could be witnessed.

After teaching a lesson to the triangular-faced evil slave the day before, Ye Qingyu had returned to the relay station. He shut himself in his room and did not leave it.

He did not hide because he was afraid of the King of Zhenyuan. Rather, it was because he was spending time arranging the trinkets he had purchased during the Wanyi Bazaar Festival around his room. He wanted to relax completely; when one reached his level of cultivation, one could no longer rely on hard training to improve. One could only wait for the right opportunity to strike.

Furthermore, his interest in the Earth's civilization had never diminished. As such, he drew out the neutron hard risk to view some information.

All this while, Ye Qingyu felt that the scope of Earth's civilization would be greatly beneficial as he progressed on the path of martial arts. How they could make use of the knowledge, however, was another question.

When he met with something he could not understand, he would take the initiative to contact [The Beginning] from the communications ark. It had given Ye Qingyu a communication device before they parted ways, so that they could keep in contact. The device was amazing. Even though Ye Qingyu could not figure out the core function of the trinket, he felt that the effects it brought about were very good. He could see who he was communicating with, as if he were staring in a reflection pool. It did not give off any energy waves, and as such, it could never be discovered by experts in formation magic or martial arts.

In reality, the relationship between Ye Qingyu and [The Beginning] was never broken.

"The makeover of Luoshen Ridge is already progressing smoothly. The universe-level optical brain of [The Beginning] is really powerful. It can be classified as a peerless genius in terms of project planning."

Ye Qingyu was deeply moved.

During breakfast, Linghu Buxiu arrived at the relay station with a strange expression on his face.

The fellow dragged Ye Qingyu into the room mysteriously before shutting the doors and windows, then setting up a barrier. He took measure of Ye Qingyu with a strange gaze and said, "Brother Zhang Longcheng, was the ferocious stranger who beat Wei Heng up savagely yesterday..."

Ye Qingyu nodded and replied, "Yes, it was me."

"Ah? It really was you?" Linghu Buxiu was merely guessing, but upon hearing Ye Qingyu admitting readily, he could not help but draw in a cold breath of air. "Brother Zhang Longcheng, you're really... really fearsome. I'm convinced."

Ye Qingyu smiled gently and replied, "Indeed, I was too rash when I handled the matter. The situation was really infuriating though. How could there have been such an arrogant and impudent vile slave in the Royal City? He was really asking for it..."

At first, Ye Qingyu had acted like a brash and bold but unastute character in front of Nie Tiankong, especially during the Battle of the Demon Stone Forest. He believed that he had left a strong impression on Nie Tiankong, and that the lattter would not have suspected anything upon hearing this.

Linghu Buxiu was a little speechless but also somewhat emotional at the same time. He patted Ye Qingyu on his shoulder. "Brother Zhang Longcheng, you're really full of passion. I'm no match for you. The current state of the Royal City... sigh, let's not go there. When I first came here, I was as passionate and fearless as you. Now... sigh, if it wasn't for Lord Nie Tiankong taking me in, I would have long turned to dust."

Ye Qingyu purposely replied, "Right, this incident would not cause too much trouble for Lord Nie Tiankong, would it? Why not do it like this: I'll be the sole person responsible for the entire incident. I wouldn't want to implicate Lord Nie Tiankong and you in this matter, brother."

Linghu Buxiu began to laugh as he heard Ye Qingyu. He suddenly became extremely heroic again and replied, "Haha, don't worry, Brother Zhang Longcheng. Who do you think Lord Nie Tiankong is? Why would he be afraid of the King of Zhenyuan? To be honest, Lord Nie Tiankong and the King of Zhenyuan are at loggerheads now. Your appointment hasn't been conferred onto you yet because the King and his people are playing tricks behind your back. I've come here today because Lord Nie Tiankong has already seen the portrait of the man wanted for beating up the King's slave and knew it was you. He wanted me to tell you not to worry and that he'll take care of the matter."

Ye Qingyu smiled upon hearing that. "Help me thank Lord Nie Tiankong," he replied.

"Lord Nie Tiankong thinks pretty highly of you, haha," Linghu Buxiu said as he looked at Ye Qingyu somewhat enviously.

Over the past few days, he had heard Nie Tiankong mention Ye Qingyu more than once, and his tone was one of admiration and praise each time. This was evidently the beginning of Ye Qingyu being accepted as a new noble of the Royal City. Nie Tiankong was hot property now and had enough power to be on par with the other old kings. Once Ye Qingyu gained an important position, his future would be bright and limitless.

Take yesterday's incident for example. After deducing that Ye Qingyu was the person who struck the slave, Nie Tiankong did not speak much about the incident in public, but in reality he was secretly overjoyed. He kept praising the Lord of Loushen Ridge as an aide that brought him luck. Recently, Nie Tiankong was in a slump because of the King of Zhenyuan and his people. Unexpectedly, Ye Qingyu had suddenly slapped the entire estate of the King and helped him vent out his frustration.

After placating Ye Qingyu, Linghu Buxiu took his leave.

Before leaving, he told Ye Qingyu not to worry about the estate of the King of Zhenyuan seeking revenge.

That noon, a piece of news spread among the upper-class nobles of Central City.

"What? The fearsome man that beat Wei Heng up so badly was one of Nie Tiankong's men?"

"Haha, this will be interesting. Even though Nie Tiankong has yet to be bestowed with the title of King, he has already become one of the commanders in the army and holds great authority. He has enough power to take on the kings. Is he really having designs on the King of Zhenyuan's estate?"

"It'll only be a matter of time before Nie Tiankong is crowned as a new king."

"This is a classic case of a new power rising to take on an established one. No wonder that violent person dared to attack Wei Heng. I believe it was all planned by Nie Tiankong."

"There's something you guys don't know about. It was said that Commander Nie Tiankong had already sent word to the estate of the King of Zhenyuan, explaining that this was a misunderstanding. He said that even though the person who whacked Wei Heng was indeed one of his men, the slave was wrong in the first place, so he would not pursue the matter, and hoped that the incident tided over. He expressed his wish that the King's people would not cause trouble again and wanted the King to revoke the warrant for the man's arrest. It was worded strongly."

"Haha, this is interesting. Right, does anyone know about the background of that violent stranger? I had my servants tell me about what happened that day and nearly died laughing. That person is truly amazing. He nearly tortured Wei Heng to death."

"It was said that he's a trusted lieutenant being promoted recently by Nie Tiankong. He's Zhang Longcheng of Luoshen Ridge."

"A small noble. How could he have such skill? Don't tell me Nie Tiankong is taking all the blame for this person?"

All sorts of information was spreading like wildfire among the upper-class nobles of Royal City.

Many people were observing the situation quietly.

The iron-clad guards from the estate of the King of Zhenyuan had been completely recalled from the streets, however.

Looks like the King of Zhenyuan had admitted defeat?

As the news of their recall spread, everyone in the Royal City of the Guardians were shocked.

Many people began to take notice of Nie Tiankong, the rising force. They did not expect that he would have won this round.

Even Linghu Buxiu came to visit Ye Qingyu again in the evening. He told Ye Qingyu very happily that the storm had abated, and there was nothing left to worry about. He explained that the situation in the city looked very good.

...

In the estate of the King of Zhenyuan.

A beautiful woman in her twenties with a gloomy face stood in the Square of Heavenly Fragrance. She was smiling coldly as she looked at the ten experts clad in Demonic Armor of Blacksteel standing in the hall. Her mouth arched into a cruel and vicious sneer, and she looked like a cold-blooded and ruthless she-wolf.

It was the Mistress of Deathly Flowers from the King of Zhenyuan's estate.

"Haha, Nie Tiankong is really immature. To think that he wants to get one over us after rising up for only a few days. This time, we have to teach him a lesson that he'll remember for the rest of his life... Wei Heng, have you checked the accuracy of our information?"

The Mistress of Deathly Flowers glanced at the triangular-faced vile slave beside her, who had just regenerated his body.

"Mistress, I've already checked it. The herb-selling youth who started all of this is living in the residence of Marquis Ting Tao with his mother at the moment. The Marquis is really courting his own death by taking them in. He's obviously trying to go against us. As for that damned Zhang Longcheng, he's carelessly living in the relay station. He's acting impudently, drinking, eating and walking around as he wishes. He really thinks that you've been suppressed by Nie Tiankong, mistress, and dare not make a move on him..."

Wei Heng said through gritted teeth.

"Right, I'll get the female official to slay that foolhardy Zhang Longcheng and embalm his head well before sending it to the residence of Commander Nie Tiankong. After that, we'll go to the estate of Marquis Ting Tao to get our delinquents. We won't let any of them off... we have to let these people who've overestimated their own capabilities know that they cannot offend the authority of our office," the Mistress of Deathly Flowers said chillingly.

Her beautiful face was looking incredibly malevolent and ice-cold right then.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1135:


Chapter 1150 Assassination During the Night in the Long Street


Ye Qingyu was really living it up in the relay station.

The things that he had bought during the Wanyi Bazaar Festival were comestible products, and he bought an exceptionally large amount of local produce from various states in the Dark Realm, as he could not find such food in the Vast Thousand Domains. Even though Ye Qingyu could go for a few centuries without food or drink at his current level of power, he had to eat and drink like an ordinary person to truly get a feel of civilian life. Only then would he really comprehend the taste of normal living.

He hired a chef from a renowned restaurant and set up a small mess hall within the relay station. He ate from afternoon till night.

"Is Wen Wan continuously eating noodles because he also wants to get a feel of normal civilian life and discover the wonders of it?" Ye Qingyu thought instinctively as he drank a glass of pecan wine from Shuizhou, his body feeling warm from the alcohol.

Very soon, beautiful night lights were lit up.

Central City was quiet again after a day of bustling crowds.

Once it was midnight, the streets would be on lockdown as per martial law.

As such, the restaurant chef had already left a long time ago.

Ye Qingyu had eaten and drank his fill. He was feeling pleased as he laid down on the bed in his room and snored away. It was part of his plan to experience the life of a civilian.

From the first day a martial artist stepped on the path to martial arts, he or she was going against the heavens. The more powerful they became, the more out of sync with the life of ordinary folk they became. This was especially so once they reached the Saint realm and beyond, where they would nearly become reborn as completely new people and obtain the physical attributes of primordial beings. It meant that they had been completely removed from their original selves and entered an extraordinary state.

After entering the Quasi-emperor realm, Ye Qingyu could increasingly feel that it would be hard to increase his powers just by using qi and training. The overwhelming power of a Martial Emperor came from the path he or she chose. Training in isolation would be utterly inadequate. He felt that he should go against the grain and stop trying to be extraordinary. Instead, he had to become worldly again.

This was because all living beings who came from the Divine had to involve themselves in worldly affairs.

The ancient Emperors had understood the usage of Great Dao techniques from the land during primeval times. The power of lightning, wind, heavenly fire, flowing clouds, sea, sand and formations all belonged to them and were Heavenly Dao techniques.

Ye Qingyu felt that his own Dao could be found within the mortal world.

Not a Heavenly Dao.

A Human Dao.

He increasingly felt that the power of the People was no weaker than that of the Heavens, especially after improving his mastery of the War God Sword Mantras to the Life Sword level. The true essence of a Great Dao was perhaps within the masses.

Since arriving at the Royal City of the Guardians, Ye Qingyu had given up the routine lifestyle of a Quasi-emperor and re-immersed himself in the life of a civilian. His choice to go undercover was undoubtedly a great opportunity.

It was deadly quiet in the middle of the night.

Ye Qingyu was sleeping soundly.

He even had a dream. His parents and even Yu Junhan appeared in it. He saw the legendary War God, who was notoriously difficult to catch sight of. Then, something strange happened. The image of his parents, Yu Junhan and the War God gradually began to overlap, and merged into two figures. The faces of these two people were unfamiliar to him, and he had never seen them before...

He suddenly sat up on his bed with a shout of surprise.

Then, he caught scent of something bloody.

A ray of flowing light had pierced the space between his eyebrows like a bolt of lightning.

His entire body was knocked backward and crashed through the walls of the relay station, before landing sideways on the deserted street outside.

He landed securely on his feet, however.

A trail of blood drops seeped out of the wound between his eyebrows.

He was wounded.

At the same time, dozens of figures shot out of the relay station like maggots with bones and landed on the street as well. They surrounded Ye Qingyu and each of them was producing an extremely powerful energy wave.

One of them was extremely skinny and taller than two meters. He looked like an acalypha plant, and his clothes looked like a tube that covered his body. His entire face was as elongated as the base of a shoe, and his facial features looked vague. His eyes were as thin as a line, and his nose was flat. His yellowed face had no hair, and he looked like a sack of bones. His body shape was weird; he was extremely hideous and grotesque.

This man was the most powerful among the dozen figures surrounding Ye Qingyu.

In his hand, he carried a silver dagger that shone with a strange gleam. It was him who had launched the sneak attack that pierced Ye Qingyu in the space between his eyebrows.

His slanted, long and hideous face carried an expression of surprise. He seemed to feel shocked. He had been confident in killing his target in one blow, but he had only wounded his sleeping victim superficially.

At the same time, figures clad in demonic iron armor of the residence of the King of Zhenyuan appeared in every corner and alley at the far end of the street. They looked like demonic figures that flitted in and out of the shadows, having melded into the darkness. They looked vague but covered a large area; in fact, they had most of the district around the street under control. It seemed as though they were a group of demons in black who were out to devour living souls.

Indeed, they were people from the residence of the King of Zhenyuan.

Everyone thought that the King of Zhenyuan's estate would have given up the idea of taking revenge on account of the statement released by Nie Tiankong's previous incarnation. It now seemed that most of them were too naive.

Ye Qingyu pressed the space between his eyebrows.

The drop of blood that was going to seep out had vanished.

He frowned and looked back at the relay station.

There were no signs of life coming from the station now. Evidently, the ten armoured guards and the dozens of staff working at the relay station had been slayed. Ye Qingyu rubbed the space between his eyebrows. He thought about the incident earlier on and the strange dream he had. He did not expect to be caught completely unaware by these assassins.

"Haha, stop looking, all of them are dead," the strange looking man with a sloping, elongated face laughed chillingly as he spoke, his expression filled with ridicule. "You're the only survivor. It's not because you're lucky, but rather, the Mistress has better plans for you—she wants you to die the most painful and hopeless death among everyone here tonight."

Ye Qingyu sighed.

"You're from the estate of the King of Zhenyuan?" he asked.

The man with the sloping face laughed haughtily and replied in a chilling tone. "Of course. Other than us, who else could have the capability to perform an assassination in the middle of the night and stop the guards from the various sentry camps from appearing, out of fear? No one will be here to protect you tonight. It'll be too late when Nie Tiankong receives news. Lose all hope."

"Your target is me. Why did you kill the other innocent people in the relay station?" Ye Qingyu asked.

"Haha, they can only lament their unfortunate timing. Who told them to be at the station during this time... and they even served you. Anyone who can recognize you has to die," the grotesque being said. He gripped the strange silver dagger and walked toward Ye Qingyu.

A murderous aura enveloped the vicinity and swept toward Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu did not look at him, but swept his gaze around through the surrounding area, and toward the far end of the street instead.

Hundreds of elite armoured guards in Demon Dragon Armour were surrounding a black carriage which stood silently at the far end of the street. The pressure emanating from the carriage was far more terrifying than that of the grotesque man.

The triangular-faced vile slave, Wei Heng, sat quietly on the shaft of the carriage.

His vengeful eyes glinted with a chilling glint in the night and looked like a venomous snake. He stared at Ye Qingyu and waited for his opportunity.

"The person in that carriage is the 'Mistress' that you talked about, right?" Ye Qingyu asked the grotesque man.

"You're not fit to know that," replied the grotesque man proudly.

A clear icy female voice came out from within the carriage at this moment. "Offering Gu, time is precious, and we can't waste it on trivial matters like this. Please strike and kill that vile creature..."

Her tone was uppity and sounded like someone who controlled everything from above.

"Yes," the grotesque man bowed upon hearing the woman. He then strode closer to Ye Qingyu and sneered in a sinister fashion. "Zhang Longcheng, tell me, how do you wish to die?"

The strange silver dagger looked chilling as it came hurtling toward Ye Qingyu.

"Doesn't matter," Ye Qingyu replied with a faint smile.

He lifted his arm gently to stop the dagger in its tracks as it came close to him. The mysterious silver glow from the formation on the dagger began to amplify, and there was a faint rumbling of Dao sounds, but the weapon could not move an inch from the two white, pristine fingers.

"You..." Offering Gu's expression changed drastically.

He felt as though the dagger had been trapped between two divine mountains. No matter how hard he moved, it looked as though it had been welded into the mountains, and it would not budge an inch.

He lifted his head instinctively.

He saw the look of pity and chilling killing intent in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

In an instant, an overpowering fear enveloped Offering Gu.

He realized that there was something wrong with his judgement. The middle-aged man was no peak-level Great Saint. Instead, he was a terrifying expert at the apex of the martial arts world.

Damn.

He immediately let go of the dagger and retreated.

However, it was too late.

Ye Qingyu vibrated his fingers gently.

The silver dagger shot out in a reverse motion.

Poof!

The sloping faced Offering Gu fell down on his face. The silver dagger was stuck in between his eyebrows, and blood flowed along the blade and down the hilt of the weapon. The entire blade was stuck right into his flesh, and a blue icy energy emanated from the dagger, instantly freezing up his body into an ice sculpture that shattered...

The expressions of everyone around them changed instantly.

Ye Qingyu did not give them any chance to recover from the shock. He shifted, and his body flickered.

The dozens of experts surrounding him flew away and turned into ice sculptures in mid-air before crashing onto the ground and shattering into icy bits. The bits of ice clanged noisily and flew into the surroundings...

They were killed instantly.

He did not give the Demon Dragon-armored soldiers of the King of Zhenyuan's residence any time to react.

Wei Heng's face was frozen in an expression of loss as he sat on the shaft of the carriage.

His body began to tremble wildly.

It was because of fear.

"Retreat."

The uppity female voice that came from within the carriage also carried a tinge of unconcealable fear as well. She ordered all of her people to retreat immediately.

She had made her decision very quickly.

The power of Offering Gu was the strongest among all of the assassins and already close to Quasi-emperor realm. Even though he was not the strongest in the King of Zhenyuan's estate, he could hold his weight there. She thought that Zhang Longcheng would be easy pickings if she activated Offering Gu to help, but little did she expect that she had grossly underestimated her opponent. Zhang Longcheng was no sheep in wolf's clothing. Instead, he was a terrifying and ferocious beast.

However, Ye Qingyu had already appeared before the carriage just as she spoke.

An overwhelming qi emanated from Ye Qingyu's body like that of a mountain suppressing a flood. It was extremely powerful and completely suppressed the carriage, the Earth Dragon, Wei Heng, and even the hundreds of elite Demon Dragon-armored soldiers around them. They froze up and could not move.

Retreat?

Impossible.

"I don't wish to pursue the matter that happened in the bazaar yesterday. You guys are pushing it, however. Do you really believe that wealth and power can resolve everything?" Ye Qingyu said as he walked slowly up to the carriage. There was an immense pressure contained in his calm tone. "Do you really believe that I will not dare to slay the daughter of a royal?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1136:


Chapter 1151 - He Finally Arrived


The whole street seemed to be stunned into stillness, like a picture frozen in time.

A bone-chilling iciness circulated in the void.

Clack clack clack... Wei Heng's teeth chattered.

He felt as though all his energy had been sapped from his body and he couldn't even grip the iron whip in his hand. He was so terrified that he lost his ability to think logically; he was probably wishing that he had never shown up that day.

Hundreds of Demon Dragon-armored soldiers that surrounded the carriage were frozen on the spot.

They were all elite soldiers who had fought on the battlefield. They had seen blood, corpses and spilled blood in warfare, having witnessed countless gruesome and intense battles. All of their experiences resulted in them carrying a steely evil qi that ordinary martial artists lacked, and they would never hesitate even if they encountered immense dangers and difficulties. Yet, they were now so terrified that they found it difficult to breathe and couldn't even reach for their swords.

The atmosphere was quiet and deadly still.

Time seemed to have stopped.

A long while later.

"Are you a swordsman violating the prohibitions of the state by using violence? Haha, I don't know who you are but I must admit that you're very powerful. Nonetheless, this doesn't mean that you would dare to provoke me... Moreover, haha, I doubt that you would actually have the guts to kill me," a cold voice rang out from the carriage, dripping with contempt. The person inside the carriage seemed to have calmed down, and her voice became softer, her arrogance returning. "I do admit that I've underestimated your power this time but I want you to know that there are also true martial experts allied with the King of Zhenyuan's residence."

Ye Qingyu didn't speak.

His silence made the woman in the carriage even more certain that she was right.

"Even a Quasi-emperor wouldn't dare to show me such disrespect," the cold and contemptuous voice took on a smug tone as she continued, "You might be someone who isn't from the Royal City, but you should know how powerful the King of Zhenyuan's residence is. There's no need to bring harm upon yourself."

Ye Qingyu stood in front of the carriage with his hands behind his back as he stared at the black carriage door, but he didn't make a move to attack.

It was as though he was really frightened by her words.

"Hahaha..." the woman in the carriage laughed loudly and there was a tinge of scorn in her contemptuous laughter, "I've seen so many of your ilk. What are you still doing here? Don't you know that you're challenging the authority of a king of the Guardians' camp?"

"Moron."

Ye Qingyu raised his head and his eyes flickered brightly, as though they were charged with lightning.

"A moron like yourself—so spoiled and corrupted by power, who has forgotten what you should truly fear, has truly rewritten my assumption of how dumb the noblemen of the Guardian's camp could be..." he said, then he lifted his hand.

The carriage that was carved from black formation obsidian, signifying the authority of the emperor, was instantly destroyed as though it had been attacked by the passage of time. It immediately turned into black powder and drifted across the night sky like dust in the wind.

After the carriage was destroyed, a beautiful woman who had such an immense sense of superiority and who had been seating arrogantly in the carriage was revealed. The contempt on her face had been replaced by expressions of panic and fear.

A powerful wave of energy charged toward her and this energy pull her toward Ye Qingyu against her will.

Her beautiful, fair and slender neck landed on his palm and his fingers wrapped themselves around it mercilessly. The moment she sensed the destructive power emitting from his fingers, she was so terrified that she couldn't even speak.

"You were the one who had urged the carriages to crush everything in their way, that day at the Wanyi Bazaar, weren't you?" Ye Qingyu asked, enunciating each word clearly as he stared into her terrified yet indignant eyes.

"Hack hack..." the beautiful woman started coughing violently.

She was livid and wanted to spew curses at him, but when her anger bubbled up to the surface, for some reason, all her angry curses turned into pure terror and she couldn't bring herself to say those words any longer. Instead, she nodded feebly.

She felt like crying.

She was filled with a mix of helplessness, fear, terror, and shock. All these emotions frantically clashed and merged within her.

"Do you really think that your authority will be able to decide everything? Moron... all authority is nothing but a passing cloud in front of absolute power," he shook his head regretfully at the ignorant princess.

This woman had been raised under the protection of the King of Zhenyuan's influence and power. Over time, she completely failed to realize that in their world where martial artists ruled, the strong preyed on the weak. This was why she chose the dumbest method of threatening and yelling at him to resolve matters, even when she was already in dire straits and knew that he could have killed her at any moment.

It was possible that as time passed, the martial artists of the Royal City, especially the noblemen, had already lost the true courage and sharpness that a martial artist ought to possess. They were so used to submitting to authority that this only fueled the arrogance and domineering attitude of the so-called royals and noblemen.

The prevalence of this attitude throughout the Dark Realm and the Vast Thousand Domains was certainly regrettable.

"I was silent earlier because I was wondering what prompted a mere Great Saint like yourself to behave so arrogantly at the Royal City of the Guardians? Has the King of Zhenyuan gone mad with age? How did he manage to raise such an idiotic daughter? I heard that your nickname is Poison Flower?" he asked.

Her courage had completely left her and thus, she could only nod as tears rolled down her cheeks.

All her arrogance, schemes, sense of superiority, and confidence had melted away like ice when she felt his iron grip around her neck. She truly understood what terror was in front of absolute power.

"Oh, Princess Poison Flower... Haha, I bet you don't know that people call you this not because they fear you, but because they think you're dumb. No matter how poisonous a flower is, it is ultimately only a flower, so how would it be able to resist the power of a blade?" he asked scornfully.

At that moment, Wei Heng who was beside her had finally recovered his wits.

He was consumed with regret and extreme terror. If he had known how fierce and brash Zhang Longcheng was, he would have never instigated his mistress to seek revenge once again. If his mistress died today, he would definitely face the same fate.

"You... wait, don't kill her. You... can't...." he cried in panic.

Ye Qingyu waved backhandedly without even turning around and just like what happened to the carriage earlier, Wei Heng immediately transformed into snowflakes that danced across the sky before disappearing in the void.

Ye Qingyu had already shown him mercy the previous time and spared him from death, but, since Wei Heng still dared to attempt another attack, why should he spare him once more?

Princess Poison Flower's eyes immediately widened, but her pupils constricted to the size of pinpricks.

When she saw her closest servant die in front of her, despite him dying in a rather beautiful manner, free from bloodshed, this was the final straw that broke her. Her nefarious schemes and merciless ways that she had been so proud of suddenly seemed extremely laughable; his death immediately caused all her arrogance to disappear.

"The order at the Royal City will need to be changed. True martial artists should be accorded proper respect and they should not cower under the reigning authorities," Ye Qingyu said clearly.

Princess Poison Flower trembled for she sensed the mighty and abundant aura emanating from him.

This was a truly mighty and noble spiritual strength.

"There will always be bloodshed in reforms... and since that is the case, let's start with your blood," he said and his fingers tightened around her neck. There was a loud crack as her neck immediately broke and twisted at a horrifying angle.

"Ack... cough cough... no..." blood gushed from her mouth as she struggled with all her might.

A ray of light flickered within her body and unleashed some form of power as she tried to break free of his grip.

This power had been planted within her by a Quasi-emperor.

"Hmm?" he said as the grip on her loosened.

Princess Poison Flower broke free and her broken neck was instantly healed as her blood qi surged.

She looked at Ye Qingyu as though he was a demonic ghost, then she turned to flee. She no longer wanted to spend a second in his presence.

However—

Icy ripples circulated in the surrounding void.

She was thrown back by an invisible icy force.

This was a restraining formation that he had laid in place from the very beginning.

"Since you've come, you should be prepared to face the consequences of your actions," Ye Qingyu smiled mercilessly as he bore down on her.

"No, wait, listen to me..." Princess Poison Flower stuttered in utter panic.

All her schemes and veneer of authority were nothing in front of this man and for the first time, she realized how pathetically helpless and vulnerable she was.

At the same time.

Hidden by darkness in the distance around the area.

All was quiet and the streets were empty, but this didn't mean that no one was paying attention to this battle.

There were more than ten figures scattered across different parts of the darkness and they were all top-level experts who had become one with the yuan qi of the universe. No one could detect their presence apart from Quasi-emperors.

"Reform..." a thin figure muttered distractedly, as though Ye Qingyu's words had touched him.

In another part of the darkness.

"Humph, he speaks arrogantly and looks down on the noblemen... We can't keep Zhang Longcheng around," someone else said. Black jade and pearl qi swirled around this figure and cruel qi could be heard in his voice as he spoke.

From a different location.

"Zhang Longcheng is indeed a talented man and is truly a sleeping dragon. I can't believe such a person arrived at the Royal City. Is lady luck really smiling on Nie Tiankong? First, he made a significant contribution, then he obtained the support of this sleeping dragon... However, Zhang Longcheng is too ruthless, and he'll fail if he is too stubborn!"

From another vantage point.

"Haha, the overbearing King of Zhenyuan has finally met its match... Hehe, this man has potential since he even dared to kill Princess Poison Flower. We might even need to rely on him to topple the King of Zhenyuan from power in the future."

These people had all formed different opinions about Zhang Longcheng.

They represented the various forces of the Royal City and their opinions varied in accordance with their motives and interests.

At that moment—

Swish!

A flowing light rushed toward the inn, instantly ripping past the night sky.

"Hmm? I guess Nie Tiankong is rushing over after hearing the news."

The figures hidden in the void immediately disappeared because they knew that this matter would be resolved with his appearance.

No one doubted his ability to govern and regardless of how he settled the battle at the inn tonight, they would all know the result and form their own conclusions; it was unnecessary for them to linger.

A barely perceptible smile flashed across Ye Qingyu's face.

Had Nie Tiankong finally arrived?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

