Chapter 281:


“For the army of Youyan Pass to rely on a low grade product like you to help them. It seems they have really underestimated the people of the sects." Zhao Shanhe's words became more and more unbridled, not wary of the reaction of the army at all. The tiger-striped light around him was like a divine light mountain that completely enveloped the entire Bright Moon Lake.

If you were not within the light, you had no way of imagining the terror this tiger-striped yuan qi light inspired.

Such a huge pressure made Ye Qingyu feel as if he was enduring the entire weight of the world as he forcefully stood up.

He did not even have a way of taking a single step. He could not go and retrieve the [Little Shang sword] embedded in the Water Ray Arena.

"Ye Qingyu, bow down. Beg for forgiveness to those sect brothers that died tragically in your hands." Zhao Shanhe's voice rumbled throughout the Proud Sky Center as he used his yuan qi to transfer his voice.

He was intentionally humiliating Ye Qingyu.

To kill a genius of the army that was famous, that alone would make him feel excited.

But such excitement could not compare to the scene of making him kneel to him in such an event. To totally destroy his self-confidence, to make his martial heart and personality completely collapse. This was what Zhao Shanhe wanted to see.

A dead genius would always remain a genius in people's heart. They would still have their former glory as they passed away.

But a destroyed genius would only be a trash that existed in real life, like a walking corpse. As long as he opened his eyes, what he would endure would only be humiliation and nightmares. Everywhere that he passed by, he would advertise the invincible and unshakeable might that the Tiger Saint Child had demonstrated in this battle.

He suddenly didn't want to kill Ye Qingyu.

Perhap he could just cripple one of his arms or legs, and that would be enough?

His intention had changed. He wanted to throw this so called Leaf of Youyan into a swamp, so deep that he could never recover.

Living was sometimes worse than dying.

Opposite.

There weredroplets of sweat seeping out from Ye Qingyu's forehead.

Under the horrifying pressure of the tiger light yuan qi aura that was like a mountain, the silver frost aura that surrounded Ye Qingyu was shrinking inch by inch back into his body. Previously, it had extended five meters outside his body, but right now it was just three inches.

Zhao Shanhe's strength far exceeded his imagination.

The expert Zhang San was a Bitter Sea stage, but his true power could not even be compared to experts at the sixty or seventy Spirit springs stage. Therefore, Ye Qingyu could beat him easily when he was not even at the thirty spirit springs stage.

Zhao Shanhe had not even yet truly stepped into the Bitter Sea stage, but the foundation he had from the sects was unfathomable. His basics and foundations were deep, having taken half a step into Bitter Sea. He seemed to have the essence of the Dao about him, it was not something that could be beaten by brute force.

"Is this the true power of the top level experts of the sects?"

Ye Qingyu's expression became serious.

Less than ten steps away, the [Little Shang sword] was embedded on the ground of the Water Ray Arena. It was embedded three inches deep, and had finally stopped its rapid quivering. On it's sword body that was as bright and clear as autumn water, there was a hint of a fracture that appeared three inches from the hilt of the sword...

Ye Qingyu deeply breathed in.

Under his concentration, all the energy in his body began madly activating. His yuan qi began to fluctuate according to a strange method throughout his body, his meridians expanding, his acupuncture points roaring.

[Limitless Divine Way].

The [First Limit].

Boom!

A powerful force surged out from within Ye Qingyu. His battle power doubled on the basis of sixty Spirit springs. The silver frost that was originally suppressed around his body was like a divine light that suddenly exploded. Instantly, it shot tens of meters into the sky.

The tiger-striped light that encircled the Bright Moon Lake quivered.

The people of the sects that were madly shouting suddenly trembled, shocked.

Xiu!

The [Little Shang sword] hummed.

With a beckon of his hand, the sword flew back into Ye Qingyu's hands.

There was a spirit in the sword that let out an intimate hum. The invisible sword aura suddenly spread out, it's will to do battle extending everywhere. The light of the Autumn water sword was like the morning dawn that broke apart the darkness of the earth, slicing apart the tiger-striped yuan qi aura that was everywhere.

With the sword in his hand, Ye Qingyu's aura surged.

"Everything under the sky are the lands of the Empire. Everyone in the lands of the Empire, are citizens of the Empire." Ye Qingyu's voice was loud and clear, lifting his sword. "The sects have lacked disciple recently, that they have forgotten the might of the Empire. Zhao Shanhe, you dare to say such impudent words within Youyan Pass, that you want to make a fourth class military Marquis to kneel in front of you. You really have gone crazy."

The hum of the sword was everywhere.

The fracture on the [Little Shang sword] could not be seen anymore, and an endless splendor shot out from it. It was so bright it caused one not to be able to look at it directly, the sharp aura of the sword piercing through the air.

In but an instant's time, the silver frost around Ye Qingyu's body roiled like a flame, spreading out. It possessed over half the space in the Water Ray Arena. The pressure he exerted was unending, and he could already stand toe to toe with Zhao Shanhe's aura.

"How can this be?"

"What kind of evil technique is this? His aura suddenly doubled in strength..."

"Could it be some evil technique that exchanges his life and essences of his yuan qi for temporary power?“

Within Bright Moon Lake, the people of the sects who were originally roaring in rage now had completely different expressions. The possibility of the situation being turned around caused their hearts to become worried.

In truth, in this period of time, they had really been frightened by the Leaf of Youyan.

In the many years that the Jianghu of Snow Empire had existed, there had never been a period of time that so many experts of the Jianghu had fallen by the same hand.

The Song Qingluo next to Dugu Dixiu had tears at the corner of her eyes. She tightly held her mouth, because she was far too excited. She was afraid she would cry out and endure the wrath of the people around her.

Within the Xian Pavilion.

"Somewhat interesting."

"His aura exploded? Most likely he borrowed some Dao tool, but even I can't discern what it is..."

"He originally was a little ant that Zhao Shanhe could crush as he pleased. Who would have thought he had some other surprises up his sleeve. It seems like Lu Zhaoge's expectations for him were not completely misplaced."

"Haha, and so what?"

"That's right, only his aura has doubled. From the looks of it, only his battle power has increased, his cultivation state is still the same..."

"That's right, in terms of battle power he could be compared to an expert at the Bitter Sea stage. But battle strength and cultivation state are two different things. If you don't break through that boundary, if you don't open that door, if you don't take that step, you ultimately cannot transform into a dragon. You cannot touch the essences of the power in that state."

"It's only that Zhao Shanhe too, has not yet truly taken that step. It is unknown whether the situation is still controllable, there are still changes that can occur...."

"Let's just wait and see. If Zhao Shanhe cannot even endure such a level of event, then his title of Tiger Saint Child, can be discarded!"

There were consciousness that secretly communicated.

Only the number one Xian Pavilion did not join in the conversation. The successor of the War god, Ye Congyun's expression was serious. He did not even say a single word. He wore black armour, a cape at his back, and a long sword held in his right arm at his waist. His left hand was clasping nothing, silently standing next to the chair.

Without knowing when, the [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing, who had always remained sitting, came to stand beside Ye Congyun. He had a calm face, both hands clasped behind his backs. with a calm and leisurely face. It was as if he did not have any hint of interest on anything that happened on the Water Ray Arena whatsoever.

There was a figure that sat where he was previously sitting.

It was unknown when it was that this mysterious person first appeared. He wore completely white, and was dressed like a scholar. His face was white and smooth, with exquisite features, the face clearly defined like a jade sculpture. Just from his face alone, he looked middle-aged and young at the same time. There was not the trace of time on his vistage at all. There was no way of judging whether he was young or old from their aura.

The clothing hewore was exceedingly simple. He wore a simple clothing of fabric, hisblack hair behind tied back by a white jade hairpin. There was elegance and nobility that emitted from this simplicity. He had a gentle manner, calm and unhurried, silently sitting within the Xian Pavilion without saying anything. But the splendour he emitted just from his simple actions, was not in any way less than any of the leaders of those top sects. He had an aura that those Jianghu people did not possess.

The little scholar boy Xing'er seemed to want to say something.

Both his hands were held at his chin, a frown on his face as he leaned against the stone table on the Xian Pavilion. He did not even pay a single glance to the tense Water Ray Arena, and seemed extremely worried...

……

"So this was what you relied on!"

After being surprised, Zhao Shanhe laughed greatly.

"It seems like the Youyan army has really spent a lot of effort into this martial alliance meeting. To have found a Dao tool from somewhere and used it on you. It can increase your battle power, but your original power is far too weak. Even if you have a Dao tool, this will not make a difference. You cannot become someone great, you will only make the army look more ridiculous."

There was a merciless mocking colour in Zhao Shanhe's eyes. The way he looked at Ye Qingyu was like he was regarding a frog at the bottom of a well, or a clown.

The sounds stopped.

Zhao Shanhe took a step forward.

Within the world, the roar of tigers were like lightning.

A pure and white tiger's tooth slowly appeared from his palm.

"“Desolate Tooth of the Tiger Saint!”

There were people exclaiming from outside the Xian pavilion.

The Dragon Saint Child from the Dragon Tiger sect who had not yet shown any signs of exhibiting which side he was on, suddenly stood up. There were two rays of divine light that shot out from his eyes, staring in the direction of the Water Ray Arena. Extreme shock was on his face.

The hearts of the other experts on the Xian Pavilion were completely stunned at this moment.

Desolate Tooth of the Tiger Saint!

This was one of the legendary sect class treasure Dao tools of the Dragon Tiger sect. In the entire world of the sects, it was one of the famed and absolute weapons.

Rumoured had it that this Desolate Tooth of the Tiger Saint was a tooth that originated from the Ancient Tiger Race from the God and Devil Age. It was from the god of this race.This was the tooth that had fallen from it when it was young. Afterwards, it was refined by the Ancient Tiger God, becoming a top grade Dao tool that had existed for countless years. Ultimately, it became one of the treasured Dao tools of the Dragon Tiger sect. The reason the Dragon Tiger sect was able to escape from the bloody battles of the age of sects, the reason why it was ranked within the Three Schools and Three Sects, was definitely in large due to this Tiger's tooth.

But, it was only that no one would have guessed that the Desolate Tooth of the Tiger Saint would have already landed in Zhao Shanhe's hands.

This was a heaven shaking news.

Could it be that the Tiger Sects patriarch had already decided to pass on the position of leader to this prodigy of the younger generation?

The white tiger's tooth rose to the air.

In the time of a spark, a force that was so powerful it was difficult to describe had surged out. One could only see that the tiger-striped aura, under the incitement of that white-coloured tiger's tooth, began spinning rapidly like the galaxy. At the same time, it was like time itself was spinning back, returning to what it once was, the whole world was changing.

In an instant, the tiger-striped aura was like Heaven's Might that began burning and flaming with the Desolate Tooth of the Tiger Saint at the center. Finally, it seemed to have activated some mysterious power from that snow white tooth. There was the roar of ancient tigers that resounded out from within the Tiger's tooth, there were countless tiger-striped clouds that shot to the sky. It transformed into an Ancient Desolate Tiger hundreds of meters high, so realistic it was alive, surging with a demonic flame. It's vicious might exploded within the ark of sky, like an apocalyptic monster had arrived. It roared with all its might, the long fangs gleaming with a cold light.

A giant Ancient Desolate Tiger!

It had descended!

From legend, the giant Desolate Tiger was one of the most vicious creatures from the God and Devil Age. One breath from it could destroy countless mountain ranges, one breath from it could create countless storms. It could break cities apart with one step, a strand of tiger's fur could crush mountains. It sneered at other races with disdain, able to tear Fiendgods apart alive. It was one of the most terrifying original lifeforms of all the countless domains in this universe.

It was unknown just how large the huge tiger image in the air was. But it seemed that even the entire Youyan Pass was underneath this cloud-like tiger body.

Zhao Shanhe's figure slowly floated up.

"Ye Qingyu, today I will make you know what a true Dao tool is..." His voice, was like a deity that controlled the heavens. Coldly and with authority, he said, "The claws that the sects have hidden for near a hundred years is not because they do not have the power to compete. It's only that they don't want to compete. But just because they don't want to compete doesn't mean they will forever endure. If we don't exhibit a little bit of our strength, everyone will think the sects are easy to push around!"

Zhao Shanhe was like a god that stood above the tiger's head.

He stood above the tiger, using an incomparably strong attitude as he regarded the entire Bright Moon Lake.

"We, the people of the sects, travelled thousands of miles and experienced many trials to come to Youyan Pass to slay the demons, to give aid, and answer the call of the Empire. Our passion cannot be doubted. Who would have thought that as the fourth class military Marquis, you would try to be difficult at every turn. Abusing your military power, you killed my comrades of the Jianghu. Time and time again you caused difficulties for our sects. We endure time and time again, but you press us at every opportunity. Do you really think there are no one in the sects? Ye Qingyu, the Tiger Emperor has descended, quickly kneel and beg for forgiveness for your crimes!"

At this time, Zhao Shanhe's voice was like a heavenly bell. It had a strange and unshakeable might that could not be challenged, that led people's hearts astray.

At the same time, the claw of the huge Desolate Tiger swiped down.

Just this paw alone was nearly enough to break the ice frost light that exploded from Ye Qingyu's onehundred and twenty Spirit springs.

"Pugh!”

Ye Qingyu spat out a mouthful of blood.

His figure quivered and wavered.

The light of the [Little Shang sword] in his hand was dimming, like a candle that had just been lit. Before it had truly started burning, under the face of the storm, it had the danger of extinguishing at any second. The fracture on the splendid Autumn Water blade appeared yet again, becoming increasingly clear.

The battle power of a hundred and twenty Spirit springs... was not enough.

The situation flipped around yet again!

The huge Desolate Tiger shadow, stared at the genius like a Fiendgod. It's tiger's eyes were icy cold, like the sun or the moon that judged all the lifeforms of the mortal world, ruling over their fate.

"The sects cannot be insulted!" Zhao Shanhe's voice rumbled throughout.

It was like a wildfire that instantly lit up the hearts of countless people.

Such a flame began burning unstoppably. The passion and heat that had just disappeared from the people of the sects, once again madly swept throughout the Bright Moon Lake. There was a red light in the eyes of countless Jianghu disciples that glimmered, like they had gone mad, crazily roaring and screaming...

"The sects cannot be insulted."

"Kill him!"

"Take revenge for those innocent junior and senior disciples that died!"

"We want justice!"

"The might of senior brother Zhao!"

"Kill Ye Qingyu, kill that scum with malicious intentions!"

"Revenge! Revenge! Revenge!“

The raging roars were like spring thunder, like flames that erupted from deep beneath the ground, wanting to burn up everything in Proud Sky Center. There were even countless people that took out their blades, and under the light of the spring sun, these sharp blades without a hint of blood on it, emitted a suffocating bloody stench.

"Why... why has it turned like this?"

Song Qingluo's heart had finally completely sunk.

She knew that this was the final result.

There would not be another reversal.

Seeing the white-clothed youth trembling on the Water Ray Arena, Song Qingluo's tears finally flowed uncontrollably down her face.

In this half a year, she had felt insignificant and powerless many, many times.

But she had never felt it as deeply as at this moment.

The gratitudes and the grudges of the world rolled on, but she had no way of ever controlling her own fate under the merciless wheel of destiny. No matter whether it was the fall of her family, her personal fate or the death of her close friends, she had no way of changing anything. She was like a spectator, apart from looking on helplessly, she could not do anything else.

Only with enough strength, could she change everything.

Song Qingluo had never yearned for powerful personal martial strength like she did now.

Dugu Dixiu stood there dumbly.

He stood there with shock, staring at the arena.

He was a noble young master, and the power of the Dugu Financial Organization could be ranked high within the Empire. He had also seen many great events in these years, but he had never ever experienced such a mad, crazy scene. And he had never witnessed an expert like Zhao Shanhe demonstrate his full might. Like a deity, he could not be beaten.

Song Jiannan was also somewhat depressed.

What he saw in these days, had rapidly expanded his horizons. The Zhao Shanhe right now, the aura he emitted, made it seem like he was not human.

Comparatively, matters like the fall of the Song family were so insignificant. For him, it was a matter of life and death, but for people like Zhao Shanhe, it was like a grain of sand, so tiny it could not be discerned...

Song Jianan had ambition, managing the Song family from a poor family to become the wealthiest organization in Deer City. He could be counted as being a significant and noticeable person, but in the eyes of people like Zhao Shanhe, he was the same as a bitterly struggling ant, playing a childish game.

The thing he was carrying became increasingly hot.

Song Jiannan's heart seemed to have been moved by the mysterious power contained within Zhao Shanhe's words.

A fire began madly burning in his heart.

"I only lack for an opportunity." Song Jiannan spoke to himself in his heart.

Without meaning to, he turned his head. In the opposite shore, he could see a dim red appearance that stood silently there. Amidst those madly excited Jianghu disciples, she was like a dim flame that burned silently, glowing without any signs. It was a complete contrast to the situation all round.

Perhaps it was Song Jiannan seeing wrongly, but he could suddenly see a white little teddy that appeared without any signs into her hand.

It was as if there was a flame held in her hands.

Then she took step after step towards the Bright Moon Lake.

"Could it be... she is going to act?“

Song Jiannan's heart nearly jumped out of his throat.

But the next instant, it seemed the figure had suddenly sensed something. She suddenly turned around, the eyes under the golden mask like two sharp sword that shot out.

Song Jiannan took a step backwards, hiding himself within the crowd.

At the same time.

Within the Xian Pavilion, Dugu Tianxin walked over to the bannister. His face grew increasingly agitated, having his hand half raised, but ultimately said nothing.

And behind this noble young master, his grandfather, the Pill God of Snow Country's complexion rapidly changed. All the hair in his head and beard suddenly stood up.

Within his palm, a light flickered. A scarlet red pill began to appear. This pill had a strange pattern around it, like the rivers of the earth, like the hills of the earth. Shreds of chaotic light covered it, and it began spinning, as if a star was held in his hands. Strange energy began to be emitted from it...

At this time----

"It is rumoured that Dugu is not only unmatched in his pill arts, his cultivation is also unmatched. The aura of this Qiming Spirit Pill can be compared to a Dao tool. It really makes one sigh in amazement.”

A voice began sounding out from the pavilion belonging to the Deer Cauldron sect.

The Saint Child of the Deer Cauldron sect, Wang Yifeng walked out, wearing yellow battle robes.

There was a three inch cauldron above his head that appeared the size of a fist. It's copper colour could barely be discerned. It's light was like a waterfall that illuminated everything, like a drawing of the great way. It made this Saint Child of the Deer Cauldron sect seem even more splendid, his manner as elegant as jade.

There was a trace of anger in Dugu Quan's eyes.

Wang Yifeng shook his head with a faint smile, "I had heard that the Dugu Pill God had become sworn brothers with Ye Qingyu. But there has never been a person who has dared to publicly interrupt the matters on the arena of Life and Death. The matters of Jianghu, should be settled in Jinghu. Even the Imperial family of the Empire cannot interfere. Furthermore the status of the two parties on the arena are not simple. Even if the foundation of the Dugu Financial Organization is deep, you should think over it carefully before deciding on what to do. If you break the rules, the consequences of that action are not something the Dugu Organization can endure.”

Dugu Quan's face changed.

"Even if the world falls down, even if the Dugu Organization is completely extinguished, I cannot... cannot allow a peerless genius of the Pill Dao to fall like this. I cannot bear such a crime, you all cannot... Zhao Shanhe, you don't know what you're doing!" Dugu Quan bit his teeth.

The towering aura of this old man was suddenly exposed, like a lion that was suddenly awakened, it’s glimmer appearing.

Under the snow white eyebrows of the Pill God, a pair of ancient eyes flickered with a shocking light. It was like lightning of a thunderstorm. He seemed to have made a great decision, and the Qiming Star Pill in his palm slowly expanded, the patterns of the rivers and hills becoming increasingly distinct.

A shocking aura began to spread out from within the pill.

There were experts standing up from all the Pavilions. Their gazes turned towards the Water Ray Arena. There was someone who noticed the words exchanged between Wang Yifeng and Dugu Quan.

Within the number one Xian Pavilion.

Liu Yuqing’s face was calm, without any sort of strange emotion appearing. But his gaze always remained on the mysterious person dressed as a scholar in white.

"Aunt, he is in danger, I..." Xing'er had a worried expression that increasingly grew anxious.

The exquisite face of the mysterious scholar was extremely leisurely. She turned her glance away from the Water Ray Arena, then looked at the Jianghu disciples that seemed to have gone mad with a fever. There was a smile that appeared in her bright red lips. She stared meaningfully at Xing'er, then shook her head.

At this time, above the Bright Moon Lake, Zhao Shanhe's thunderous voice that could not be challenged sounded out once again.

"Ye Qingyu, you caused chaos to the Jianghu. You killed people of your own race, you messed up the overall battle strategy... do you admit your crimes? Or will you continue to struggle on like a caged beast? Quickly kneel down!"

The paw of the huge Desolate Tiger swung down.

Boom!

The water of the Bright Moon Lake roiled.

There was a fracture that appeared on the Water Ray Arena.

It seemed as if there was an invincible power that caused the entire area of the Bright Moon Lake to sink by a meter.

Such a power was really as if a huge Desolate Tiger had appeared once again. It was not something a human could oppose.

Ye Qingyu's legs had already sunken deep into the ground.

There were formation arrays fortifying the rocks beneath the Water Ray Arena. It was a known fact that it could withstand the full power of a Bitter Sea stage expert. But at this time, for some reason, it could not withstand such humongous pressure. There were fractures that appeared with Ye Qingyu's legs at the very center.

Bang!

With a light sound, the fabric that tied his hair back suddenly fell apart, becoming a piece of scrap. His black hair lost its binding, spreading apart instantly like a cloud. It was like a black flame, fiercely dancing.

Ye Qingyu's body was getting bent by the pressure.

The clothes on his body was like ash that broke apart inch by inch. The muscles on his body looked like it belonged to a sculpture. Under such a humongous pressure, the muscles on his back and chest bulged, filled with an explosive and muscular kind of beauty.

The rocks beneath his feet had long turned into dust, and his feet were within the crushed stones. His veins were showing on his legs, his joints emitting squeaking noises, as if it could not endure such forces any longer. There was a possibility it could collapse at any moment.

Within his consciousness, the ancient Bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart], that had always slept within his body, began expressing its dissatisfaction at the pressure outside his body. It began to move slowly, emitting a primitive will of rage.

Within his dantian in the Spirit springs, the Cloud Top Cauldron that was originally slumbering began violently floating up from the clear Spirit springs. There was a faint will to do battle that was released from the strange newly born consciousness.

As well as the [Piercing Cloud Arrow], that Ye Qingyu had already refined, it had a frightening power...

There were still many cards up Ye Qingyu's sleeve.

It was not difficult to turn the situation around.

But what Ye Qingyu needed was not just for the situation to reverse.

The Ye Qingyu that could fall at any instant, that could be defeated at any moment, did not panic in the least. The [Little Shang sword] in his hands had a fracture that increased under such a vast pressure. His body seemed about to collapse, but there was a smile on Ye Qingyu's eyes that grew greater and greater, greater and greater!

Only absolute pressure that could not be found normally, could create a will that was as immovable as a boulder.

And only a truely determined will could activate more limits of the [Limitless Divine Way].

There were ten limits in the [Limitless Divine Way].

Under Ye Qingyu's full concentration, the only limit he could activate, was the [First Limit].

With the power of the [First Limit], his battle power doubled.

He had once tried to activate the [Second Limit], but he was not successful. The deep profoundness of the [Limitless Divine Way] was something that Ye Qingyu could not handle due to his lack of his will and determination. He had no way of completely controlling his own body, and no way of handling the true essences of such a technique that was like from the legends.

If he wanted to make a breakthrough, he must do so between the boundary of life and death.

Only a test when he was between life and death could truly make his will and body at one with another. He could step into a state that he had no way of reaching normally.

Ever since he had broken from isolation training, he had naturally entered the state of the [First Limit]. His battle power had broken past a hundred Spirit springs, and he began to notice the Dao power within this world. He began to roughly understand the reason why Bitter Sea stage experts were so powerful, and also touched upon some of the deep secrets of the [Second Limit]...

It was the blessing of the world.

And the power of the Desolate Tooth of the Tiger Saint was a gift from human power.

The blessings of heaven was destiny, the gifts from human was opportunity.

If you take what is not given, you will be punished. If you act when the time is not right, calamity will befall you. Ye Qingyu had always waited for such an opportunity ever since the battle on the arena began. At this time, he naturally could not rely on any other methods to counterattack.

He sensed that there was a change occurring within his body.

The yuan qi that had been compressed to the extreme, under the activation of the [Limitless Divine Way], began fermenting and compressing at a vast speed that had never occurred before. It began gathering together, like a spring that had been compressed to the extreme...

Boom!

There was a howl from the Water Ray Arena. It had finally split into three parts, the earth shattering.

" I will use the blood in your chest, to repay and console the heroic Spirits that died unjustly from the sects... Ye Qingyu, die!"

Zhao Shanhe's voice was like he was making his final judgement.

Within the second pavilion.

At this time, Li Qiushui let out a light breath. The wind blew. He faintly smiled, standing up.

"Everything has finished, We have won this round."

He smiled lightly.

But before he finished, like a reply contradicting him, an unexpected voice sounded.

"Really?”

Boom!

A power that was hard to describe descended within the Proud Sky Center.

A pure and unique silver frost light that was like the glimmer of the pure moon began shining inexplicably from the broken rocks around the Water Ray Arena at the center of the Bright Moon Lake. It was so bright it hurt the eyes. Like an absolute gigantic divine sword, it pierced through the huge Desolate Tiger mirage in the sky that stared down at the Bright Moon Lake, as easily as if it was stabbing through a paper kite!

The tiger-striped aura that was throughout the heavens suddenly disappeared without any signs, like boiling water pouring on snow.

The sorrowful cries of the Desolate Tiger sounded in the air. Under the stunned and feverish stares of the crowd, the Desolate Tooth of the Tiger Saint that had been awakened, along with the roar of the Tiger, disappeared cleanly and completely like smoke in the wind.

"No..."

The Zhao Shanhe who was like a deity that was ruling over all life, let out an disbelieving howl.

Under the silver light, his naturally born abnormal face became increasingly desperate and panicky, then he ultimately was completely engulfed by the ice flame.

Within the air.

Everything disappeared.

The only thing remaining was a pure white Tiger's tooth that slowly fell to the ground.

But before it reached the ground, it cracked, shattering. It turned into a white powder that along with the wind, disappeared completely from the world.

What also disappeared was the Tiger Saint Child, Zhao Shanhe.

When his martial life was at its most glorious peak, he was gone. Within the event that he had painstakingly created, before he had even had a chance to truly enjoy the admiration and worship of countless people, he vanished. Events did not follow his original plan of becoming the admired alliance leader of the countless Jianghu people, he had only left a humiliating and panicked roar of rage behind. Before he could even beg for mercy, he had eternally disappeared from the world.

It was like he was an unimportant character, that suddenly disappeared from this world through such a ridiculous way.

But, at this moment, no one paid any attention.

No one cared about his death.

No one cared about why the Desolate Tooth of the Tiger Saint that was known as the treasured Dao tool of the Tiger Saint sect suddenly disappeared.

All of the gazes were focused above the Bright Moon Lake.

It focused on the broken and shattered Water Ray Arena.

Because--

Ye Qingyu held the [Little Shang sword], soaring in the sky.

The frost that spread throughout the sky that seemed as if it could freeze everything, had erupted from the body of this youth. The youth that seemed destined for certain death.

He was still alive.

More importantly, he possessed an unstoppable power.

It was no longer the power of a hundred and twenty Spirit springs.

Nor was it the power of a hundred and eighty Spirit springs of the [Second Limit].

It was the power of two hundred and forty Spirit springs that had never appeared in this world.

From ancient times to now, for a person's cultivation to reach the hundred Spirit springs was a legend within legends. It was a tale that had no evidence to back it up whatsoever. But what one could be sure was that no one knew what would happen when someone possessed the power of two hundred and forty Spirit springs? Was it a stage comparable to the Bitter Sea stage? Or was it a state that could even directly challenge the Heaven Ascension stage?

According to theory, such a power should not exist within this world.

But right now, it had appeared.

"Everything has ended?" Ye Qingyu stood on the air, two hundred and forty yuan qi dragons encircling and protecting him. His voice was like a great bell that sounded throughout Youyan Pass, "Everything about Zhao Shanhe has ended. Li Qiushui, now it's your turn!"

The splendour of the [Little Shang sword] erupted.

Marquis Ye's sword swung out.

The glory of the sword struck out towards the Xian Pavilion of the Crepe Myrtle sect.

No one knew what had happened at the previous moment, and how Ye Qingyu had exploded with a power that reversed the situation. Similarly, no one knew how to describe the might of Ye Qingyu's sword at this moment.

The force of this sword shocked the heavens----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 282:


The Bright Moon Lake was affected by the rippling force let out by the sword light. The lake that was tens of meters deep was sliced apart like silken tofu. The turbulent air could also be seen with the naked eye, and it was also similarly split apart like the lake. It seemed as if nothing would be able to block the power of that sword as it destroyed everything in it’s path.

"Impudence!"

Within the second Xian Pavilion, the elder of the Crepe Myrtle, Xian Hong let out an enraged cry, meeting this sword light.

He activated his inner yuan and a powerful energy surged out from within Xian Hong's body. There was a mysterious black shield that emerged from his body, and with the insertion of his yuan qi, it expanded. In an instant, it had turned into a gigantic black shield with countless formation arrays flickering on it, letting out strange light. It defended in front of the number two Xian Pavilion.

Boom!

The Autumn Water sword struck heavily on the shield.

The shield didn’t even seem able to delay it slightly. The large and strange shield was like a piece of paper that was cut into four of five pieces, turning into scrap.

"Ah..."

Xiao Hong's pupils dilated.

It was too late for him to react.

He had been with the Crepe Myrtle sect for many years and his name was known throughout Snow Empire. He absolutely could be counted as a martial expert, and he was an elder that held true power. But when the sword light passed by his body, he suffered a fate similar to the huge shield, disappearing like smoke.

The force of the sword was unending, destroying everything in it's path. It continued to shoot out towards Li Qiushui.

"Good!"

Li Qiushui eyebrows moved like swords being unsheathed.

With the hum of the sword, the Autumn Water blade appeared above his head. Thousands of blades fluctuated, the formation light like the disc of the world that emanated from Li Qiushui's body.

With a laughter, he stepped onto the ripples of light. The blade in his hand moved, the blade light transforming from one to two, two to three, three to a thousand. Millions of yuan qi blade light, encircled around him like the thousand hand Bodhisattva. He shot out towards him instantly.

"Heavenly sword tide, kill!"

Li Qiushui roared.

As he lifted his hand and the Autumn Water blade in his hand, his figure shot out like a light ray. He was one with the blade, turning into a bright and glaring sword light that headed towards the endless moonlight silver frost sword aura.

Boom!

The blade light and sword aura clashed together without any techniques whatsoever.

A bright and gleaming light, appeared without any signs the instant the sword and blade met.

Countless people had to squint against such a bright light.

The heaven shattering and earth quaking impact did not spread out as imagined.

There was round after round of gold and silver light rings that unendingly emitted from the center of the clash. Such lights did not cause turbulence in the air at all.

It was as if everything in this world had lost its sound, colour and splendour.

Before the crowd could react, they could see the gold silver light rings that emanated out, once again gathering together, heading and compressing towards the area where the blade and sword clashed.

It was unknown whether this was just a mistaken sensation, but everyone felt that this entire space seemed to compress towards the area of the clash. Even light itself became distorted.

The entire process seemed remarkably slow, but was in truth extremely quick.

When the last layer of light had disappeared towards the area of the clash, the frightening ripples of impact finally exploded at a totally different timing from what one was expecting.

Boom!

The blade qi exploded, the sword will ran rampant.

The ripples of the blade and sword shadows spread about everywhere, causing gusts of wind to be gone. Many people at the Bright Moon Lake felt a force that was hard to describe hitting them. Those who were weak could not react at all, and was blown away like rice paper. People screamed as they were swept away...

Those who were stronger could barely stand where they were. Their bodies could not help but slide backwards. Their yuan qi was activated to the extreme, but the most they could do was not be blown away.

There was a formation light that shot towards the sky in the seating area of the Dugu Organization. There were tens of guards of the Dugu Organization that had activated their yuan qi to it's utmost, and with the aid of the formation array, barely managed to protect the seating area of the Dugu Organization.

There were tens of other lights that shot out and flickered on the Bright Moon Lake.

Originally, there was an isolation formation on the Water Ray Arena at the Bright Moon Lake. This was to prevent the ripples that occurred when experts fought from affecting the surrounding spectators.

But the destructive power of this battle had far exceeded the original estimation. The formation arrays on the Water Ray Arena and Bright Moon Lake were completely destroyed. Only the third layer of defence, the formation arrays protecting the seating area of those major forces, could barely manage to hold on.

Countless gusts of winds appeared. There were people who barely managed to open their eyes, and could only see the bright glimmer of sword and blade.

Li Qiushui's body retreated, landing back on the second Xian Pavilion.

Ye Qingyu stood at the center of the Bright Moon Lake, the [Little Shang sword] once again swinging out.

"You push me too far!" Li Qiushui angry roar sounded out once again, like a caged beast.

The second move of the Autumn Water blade began.

The sound of the impacts once again resounded.

This time, it was not only the people in the Bright Moon Lake and Proud Sky Center who could sense the vibrations of the earth. Everyone in Youyan Pass felt it. It was as if an earthquake had descended. The snow mountains tens of miles away from Youyan Pass were affected, destructive avalanches occurring and born as a result of this. Ice fell down, falling thousands of meters down the mountains...

Proud Sky Center.

Everyone's hearts madly drummed.

There were countless bright frost that flew everywhere. It caused nearly everyone to not be able to open their eyes fully. Such a frightening shudder caused everyone to feel fear and worry, like the apocalypse had arrived.

There were large flakes of snow drifting in the sky.

The dust gradually faded away.

The bright and glimmering light also began to disappear.

There were people that removed the hands covering their eyes with fear. They mechanically looked towards the two opposing parties. After the dust had settled, a fearsome yuan qi fluctuation could still somewhat be seen in the air. The figures of Li Qiushui and Ye Qingyu could clearly be spotted.

Ye Qingyu stood alone in the air.

His thick and long black hair was to his shoulder. The noon sunlight shined down on his muscular body that was like it was sculpted from jade. He stood in the air, the [Little Shang sword] in his hands broken, with only the hilt left. He should have been a very sorry appearance, but he had an aura that no one dared underestimate encircling around him.

The other side.

The second Xian Pavilion had collapsed.

Li Qiushui was completely ragged, his hair a mess. There was fresh blood leaking out from the corner of his lips, his body somewhat small. He did not have the glory and splendour he once had, and his right shoulder was bloody, his arm lying lifelessly by his side.

Above his head, the Autumn Water blade slowly floated.

This blade was once unmatched and peerless, like an absolute weapon, like the sun. Now it had grown dim and dark, the markings on the blade rough, the glimmer disappearing. It was like a woman past her prime, she would not have the beauty she once had. It was not fluctuating with any blade will at all...

"Ye Qingyu..."

Li Qiushui let out a roar of rage, blood spitting from his mouth.

The anger in his tone was like poisonous fire.

Before he had even finished.

Ding!

The famed weapon Autumn Water blade quivered slightly, then let out a howl. It was as if it could no longer maintain a perfect form. It completely exploded, transforming into countless blades pieces that scattered everywhere...

The faces of everyone paled.

At this time, even idiots would understand that after that heaven shaking blade clash, the winner and loser had already been decided. The young leader of the Crepe Myrtle sect, Li Qiushui, had been cleanly and utterly defeated.

After this battle, the fame that Li Qiushui had accumulated for tens of years, was like this Autumn Water blade, breaking apart into fragments in an instant.

After remembering that shocking exchange of blades, Li Qiushui could not be called weak. The Zhao Shanhe of the Dragon Tiger sect could not even withstand one strike of Ye Qingyu's blade, but Li Qiushui had withstood two moves...

Li Qiushui’s strength was clearly several times greater than Zhao Shanhe.

But this already had no meaning.

The final result of withstanding for half a move or two moves was the same. From now on, the legend of the Autumn Water blade would end. And the legend of The Leaf of Youyan would begin within Jianghu, just like the sun rising from the east. It could not be reversed.

There was still snow in the air.

The fluctuations of water on the Bright Moon Lake had already settled down.

Ye Qingyu held the [Little Shang sword] that only had it's hilt left. There was regret in his heart. Although the classification of this Spirit weapon was not high, but it was one of the items of the Ye family that his father had left behind. The difference between weapons were too great today- he had to fight against the Desolate Tooth of the Tiger Saint and the Autumn Water blade. Iit had also been damaged by the attack of Zhao Shanhe. Ultimately, it could not withstand his own power after it increased explosively. It had been completely destroyed.

He stared at the Proud Sky Center.

He stared at the experts of each sect.

There was utter silence all around. Those mad and arrogant disciples of the sects who had been shouting and screaming, were currently like sheep scared witless by a storm. They stood there shivering, in a sorry state by the shore of the Bright Moon Lake. They did not dare say anything, losing the courage to speak.

"Li Qiushui, just end yourself."

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth.

HIs voice was the rumble of thunder, shaking everyone’s heart, causing the heartbeat of everyone to speed up.

He was making Li Qiushui commit suicide?

Was he really going to go so far?

"Don't be too impudent. Ye Qingyu, do you really think our Crepe Myrtle sect can be bullied like so? Don't go too far, we can still be friends in the future." Li Qiushui swallowed a mouthful of blood, his expression gradually becoming calm as he sneered.

Around the Bright Moon Lake, the expressions of some sect disciples also became tragic.

If the rabbit dies, the fox grieves.

No matter whether it was Zhao Shanhe or Li Qiushui, they were all a part of the Jianghu of Snow Empire - a very important part. They died because they were not as skilled as the opponent. According to the rules of Jianghu, nothing could be said about that. But as the winning party, the Leaf of Youyan pushed them further and further into a corner. He wanted to exterminate everything. It could not help but cause some Jianghu people to feel a common sympathy for him.

"Don't go too far?"

The killing intent in Ye Qingyu's eyes was like ten-thousand-year-old ice, it could not be moved. After hearing Li Qiushui's words, he could not help but begin laughing at him pitifully.

"When the Crepe Myrtle and Dragon Tiger sect caused chaos in Youyan Pass, creating trouble everywhere, did you think about not going too far? When you turned innocent civilians to become the Demon Race, accusing them of crimes they did not commit, when you sent those innocent civilians who you injected demon poison into to the Beheading Demon Platforms to claim the bounties of the Empire, did you think of not going too far? When you gathered and conspired together to kill those martial artists who did not obey your orders, facing their bitter pleas for mercy, did you ever think of not going too far?"

Ye Qingyu's voice was like thunder.

"If you had really thought about this in those days and not gone too far, I would have perhaps let you off today. But... did you truly do so?”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 283:


These series of accusations were like swords stabbing in their hearts. Every word was filled with a powerful scrutinising power.

Li Qiushui’s visage was pale and wan, falling silent.

"There are some people that are shameless enough to claim that they came here to answer the call of the Empire, to aid the Youyan army in defending the Pass. They have come here to contribute in the effort to fight against the Demon Race. This sounds like such an admirable and impressive reason." Ye Qingyu stood alone in the air, his voice like the ringing of a great bell. "But before you came to Youyan Pass, did you know who it was that defended such a bitter and hard place for eighty years? Who was it that caused the Southern Incline Legion of the Demon Race to not even be able to take a step into the lands of the Empire? Just who were they?"

Everywhere fell silent.

There were lots of expressions of disagreement on the faces of the people of the sects.

"Ever since Youyan Pass was constructed, the Youyan army has always been stationed here, protecting this place. In the eyes of you Jianghu people that are so high and mighty that you do not even partake in mortal affairs, they are just rough and uncouth military brutes. You look down upon them, you mock them, you laugh at them. Even in Youyan Pass, you take amusement in being difficult to them..." The anger and resentment that accumulated in Ye Qingyu's heart these days could finally be released without any restraint. "You think you are above them, because the sects are the origin of Martial arts. You think that your so called geniuses are the foundation that causes the Human Race to be able to stand tall in this world. Then, right now, I am not afraid to tell you, that you are greatly and utterly wrong. Ever since the Empire was founded, the people who protected the borders of the Human Race, the people who allowed the sects to continue to expand, the people who blocked the invasion of the alien races, the people who defended the dignity of our race, are the army of the Empire. The thousands upon thousands of the rough brutes in your eyes, they used their life and flesh to protect the Empire and the frontier of the Human Race. You people are vermin that takes the harvest of other people, a bunch of arrogant short sighted retards. You broke the peaceful balance of the Empire, causing it to be completely chaotic. Do you think the rule of ‘matters of the Jianghu should be settled in the Jianghu’ is so amazing? Without the army of the Empire shedding their hot blood on the Explosive Ice Plains generation after generation, preventing the southern invasion of Demon Race with their bodies, just how could the so called ridiculous Jianghu exist?"

"Shut your mouth. Ye Qingyu, the sects cannot be insulted!" Li Qiushui could not help but interrupt with a roar.

Ye Qingyu's eyes were like lightning, staring piercingly at him. With a cold smile, "The sects cannot be insulted, but do you think the Youyan army can be insulted? Do you think I don't know what the people of the Crepe Myrtle sect did within Youyan Pass?"

Ye Qingyu flicked his palm.

The fourth class heroic seal of office of a Marquis of the Empire shined with a scarlet light in his palm. It swirled and rotated, floating, hanging above the sky.

The seal of office of a Marquis of the Empire, were made by the formation masters of the Empire's group of masters. It could not only be used to indicate the classification and ranking of an officer, it was also a rare treasure. Through the use of yuan qi, it possessed significant offensive power. Furthermore, more importantly, it possessed many other uses.

Under the activation of Ye Qingyu's yuan qi, scene after scene of yuan qi projections began to appear in the sky.

The scenes that it depicted were namely the day when he had broken through the abandoned new recruit training camp.

The process of Ye Qingyu entering the new recruit training camp was exhibited step by step under the night sky. They could see White Browed Yu and the others, appearing within the prison of the training camp, torturing those civilians and guards of the escort company...

Ye Qingyu and White Browed Yu's fight appeared...

The image of the civilians accusing Qi Yong appeared.

The scrolls that were found from within the prison...

The Crepe Myrtle sect disciples holding demonic poison…

The bitter struggles of those innocent civilians as they were injected with demonic poison. Demonic patterns appearing on their bodies, their appearance changing, from a human transforming into a sinister monster...

These Demon Race creatures were sent to the [Beheading Demon Platforms]...

The scene of White Browed Yu and the other being mercilessly interrogated and them confessing to all their crimes...

The scene of the people of the sects going to the Military supply department to obtain the bounty from handing over the civilians who had turned into demons...

Scene after scene completely exposed the sickening plot and schemes behind the actions of the sects.

One of such scenes could be falsely replicated. But the confession of White Browed Yu, the sinister faces on Qi Yong and the others, the scrolls and letters from the Crepe Myrtle sect, the Dragon Tiger sect and other large sects, all formed evidence that could not be replicated.

Some of these scenes were captured by Ye Qingyu using the powers of the military seal. Some had been found when the Vanguard had collected and gathered evidence, taking it from the hands of some people from the sects. From this, one could see that the people of the sects were not completely united. They still guarded against each other, leaving evidence of the others wrongdoings behind for the use of the Youyan army.

In these days, Ye Qingyu was like a spear. It seemed like he met the entire forces of the sects by himself. He madly did something that only a crazy person would do. But in reality?

The Youyan army was still the Youyan army.

Ever since the banner of Liu Siufeng had arrived at the abandoned new recruit training camp, this represented that the Youyan army had truly begun immersing themselves in such a situation. It was only that there were many people who did not realize such a fact.

Ye Qingyu was the one standing at the forefront.

The Youyan army was hidden in the shadows.

Lu Zhaoge had managed Youyan Pass for tens of years. With his methods and power, the control he had over everything within the Youyan army and Youyan Pass was not something the people of the sects could imagine. It was not something the Three Schools and Three Sects could challenge.

Lu Zhaoge always thought about matters from the perspective of the greater good.

He was known as the War God of Youyan, and was ranked within the top ten military gods in Heaven Wasteland Domain. He had experienced countless battles in his life. He had seen too many mountains of corpses and oceans of blood. He was skilled at commanding his forces. As the commander, he used his soldiers like mud. If he always had a tender hearted mindset, it would create an even more unacceptable result than what it would be if he was emotionless.

From the very beginning, Lu Zhaoge would not place too much consideration into just how many people would die. It was only that Ye Qingyu's brash actions had interrupted the rhythm of the entire Youyan army and had altered the entire plan of the army.

Evidently, at this time, it was time to reel in the net.

"These, are all things that your sects have done."

Ye Qingyu's enraged accusation was like an arrow piercing to the heart. It caused the people below who originally had expressions of discontent, of resentment, to have faces of uncertainty. Some people lowered their heads in shame, some people had faces of disbelief. There were also people who began discussing this in low voices, their fear showing.

Not all disciples from the sects knew of this matter.

Similarly, some disciples knew of such matters.

"Li Qiushui, do you have anything more to say?" Ye Qingyu lifted his short sword, saying angrily.

"I..." Li Qiushui's expression changed and changed. The left arm that was still intact gripped his right army tightly. Biting his lips, he ultimately said with a cold expression, "I do not know of such matters."

"You don't know?" Ye Qingyu was surprised, than chuckled loudly. "You don't know. Without your permission, do you think that the disciples of the Crepe Myrtle sect in Youyan Pass will do such matters behind your back? haha, it seems I have overestimated you. I thought you were willing to do such evil things to achieve your aim but at the very least, you had the pride of a martial artist. To not even dare admit such a thing, such a lowly act is really pitiful. Even if I released you today, your martial heart will be broken. Your future cultivation will only fall, the title of a prodigy is really laughable.”

Li Qiushui's eyes were nearly spitting fire.

His body trembled slightly, as if he would fall at any moment.

He could not admit to everything in such a public event.

Because this was not a matter that solely involved the Martial Alliance. It had escalated to a level that concerned the sects and the Empire. As soon as he admitted this, the Crepe Myrtle sect will be placed in an embarrassing position. At that time, it would most likely endure the thunderous rage of the Empire.

Furthermore, they were clearly in the wrong in this matter. If news of this were to spread out, the fame of the Crepe Myrtle sect will receive a destructive attack. The glory that came from being a righteous sect would forever fall.

At this time Li Qiushui began to hate the fact that he did not pay too much attention to such a matter. After all, they had the cooperation of one of the huge figures in the Youyan army, so they did not imagine matters would develop to such a stage. No one imagined that Ye Qingyu was not apprehensive of the power of the Three Schools and Three sects at all. He dared to expose such matters on the arena.

Li Qiushui did not even imagine in his dreams, that the Martial Alliance meeting he and many other sects painstakingly constructed would end on such a note?

Why had they tried so hard?

"If you are not willing to admit this, then I am too lazy to speak anymore." Ye Qingyu coldly smiled. "But everyone should pay the price for their own actions. Even if your martial heart is ruined, you cannot bring back those innocent lives that had passed away. In my eyes, the life of the young leader of the sects cannot even be compared to a vagrant on the streets of Youyan Pass. Zhao Shanhe has gone first. Li Qiushui, kill yourself, don't force me to make my move!"

There was a killing intent clearly exhibited in his words.

From the very beginning, Ye Qingyu had never planned to let Li Qiushui and the others off. Ever since he had uncovered such despicable actions on the day he broke through the new recruit training camp, he had alway been in a forcibly suppressed berserk state of rage.

The day of the Martial Alliance meeting was the day that Ye Qingyu had chosen for slaughter.

To kill to protect.

To stop more wrongdoings and to execute those who had done wrong.

The sect had been arrogant for too long within the borders of the Empire, that they would dare extend their hands so far. At this time, they must make preparations for their paws and claws to be chopped off. Ye Qingyu was not Lu Zhaoge. He was not the commander of the Empire that must bear in mind the greater good. He did not need to consider the balance of power. He only knew that if you wronged, then you must pay a price. Blood must be paid with blood, life must be paid with life.

No matter who it was, as long as they committed a crime within Youyan Pass, then they should receive their rightful punishment.

Only by killing leaders leaders with true weight like Zhao Shanhe and Li Qiushui, could it make the people of the sects withdraw their dirty ambitions and methods. Only then would they truly cooperate with the Youyan army in launching the springtime offensive against the Demon Race.

"You..." Li Qiushui naturally would not be willing to die just like that. His eyes were filled with resentment and anger, glaring at Ye Qingyu across space. "Ye, how dare you push me this far. It's only death, I..."

"Right now, you are only a dog that has abandoned its own dignity. If you are not willing to end yourself, then I'll send you on your way." Ye Qingyu was too lazy to speak to such a person, his words merciless. The broken sword in his hand struck out yet again.

Xiu!

The silver frost, like the moon, was peerless and unmatched.

An invincible sword aura descended once again.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 284:


0284 - Everything has been settled.

“Stop it, you brat!”

A voice of unquestionable authority suddenly sounded from beyond the Proud Sky Center.

In the midst of empty space, thousands of meters high, there was a bizarre shaft of golden brilliance. In the middle of it, a silver vortex swirling like the eye of the ocean could be seen, from which a towering green giant hand stretched out. Its five fingers were curling and wrapping around each other within a cloud of mist. Thunder rumbled and lightning flashed, the dense formations flickering as the giant palm that contained the power to destroy the earth directly headed down towards Proud Sky Center.

The rays of the Cold Moon Frost sword were instantly shattered by the huge hand.

“A brat of the younger generation, how dare you be so arrogant?”

The voice resonated again.

That big hand pressed down at Ye Qingyu with a blast of cold air. It was as though the entire blue sky had collapsed, and the space above Bright Moon Lake was also completely blocked off. With Ye Qingyu’s current power and cultivation realm, there was no way he could have stopped this tremendous force.

It was too powerful!

“Shishuzu!”

Li Qiushui, in his despair, suddenly saw a ray of hope. He immediately determined where this big hand had originated from. His face lit up with joy as he excitedly yelled.

“Embarrassing, to be defeated by a little soldier from the army. Return with me and cultivate for another ten years.”

The voice appeared to come from tens of thousands of miles away, containing an unquestionable majesty. But every single word that was uttered sounded like the rage of heavens, whipping up strong gusts of wind. Everybody thought the sound waves were like a drum, the vibration inducing numbness all over the body. The power contained inside was inconceivable.

Was it the old ancestor of Crepe Myrtle Sect?

This was a true Power within the martial arts world.

But——

“Haha, Elder Cao is really good at making jokes. Since Marquis Ye has already represented the Empire in making a decision, I think it’s best if Li Qiushui stay behind.”

Another voice echoed.

The mysterious scholar in white who sat quietly in the first Xian Pavilion suddenly opened her mouth.

She was in a comfortable position, lazily leaning back on a huge chair. Then she raised her head slightly, and on her white and delicate face was a faint smile, as if speaking about something irrelevant to her. She seemed to not have the slightest intention of acting. Her body also seemed frail, like an ordinary person who had not cultivated at all.

But the giant hand that was in the midst of stirring up storm and thunder suddenly paused.

“When a child has made a mistake, we should give him a chance to correct himself,” the old ancestor of Crepe Myrtle Sect spoke with a slight waver in his voice, no longer as powerful as before. There was a tone of negotiation in his voice.

But in the first Xian Pavilion, the mysterious scholar in white did not say anything. She simply sat quietly.

Silence for a long while.

“Sigh...”

The old ancestor of Crepe Myrtle Sect let out a long sigh.

The momentum of the chaotic storm the giant hand invoked dissipated. Its power faded, slowly shrinking back into the vortex in space and eventually disappearing.

It had agreed in the end.

“Marquis Ye, the road of Jianghu is long. Even the strongest people cannot always be in the upper hand, there is still a long way ahead. Those that were first in the limelight, perhaps the next moment they will become a pile of bones in the wilderness. Crepe Myrtle Sect will take a step back today, we shall meet again someday. I hope you take good care of yourself!”

The final voice of old ancestor of Crepe Myrtle Sect echoed from within the vortex.

Then, even the silver vortex like the eye of the ocean, completely vanished.

Anyone could discern the naked threat present within the words of the old ancestor of Crepe Myrtle Sect in this last exchange.

For some reason, this martial arts authority who could, with one stamp of his foot, make the entire Jianghu tremble, retreated. Because of the words of some unknown scholar, he had hesitated for a long moment and in the end really gave up on the young martial leader Li Qiushui that the Crepe Myrtle Sect had spent decades of painstaking effort to cultivate.

From all this, it was evident that the old ancestor was deathly wary of the scholar in white.

The words that he left before he disappeared were evidently full of anger, and it was all directed at Ye Qingyu.

The road of Jianghu was long.

One could imagine that one day, the Crepe Myrtle Sect will definitely pay back [The Leaf of Youyan].

Ye Qingyu smiled an indifferent smile, showing no appreciation to this threat at all.

Feeling his body beginning to decline in strength and inner yuan, Ye Qingyu knew that the power of the ‘Three Limits’ of the [Limitless Divine Way] had begun to fade.

He drew a deep breath, looking down. His eyes were cold and his voice uncompromising when he uttered, “Li Qiushui, since you are a martial genius the Empire has rarely seen in the last 30 years, I can save your face and leave you with a whole intact corpse. You decide, do not force me to take the last trace of dignity from you.”

Li Qiushui had a look of despair.

He did not think that he could not be saved even when the old ancestor had acted.

That mysterious scholar in white, just who was she? How could she be so terrifying?

“Ye Qingyu, don’t look so smug. Since you embarked on this path, sooner or later you will have a similar fate to me. On the road to the land of the dead, I, Li Qiushui, will quietly wait for your arrival.”

After all, he is a genius of the generation, one of the most influential figures of the Jianghu in the recent decades. In his last moments, he eventually calmed down. A bleak smile was on his face, not as panicky and ungraceful as before. He looked at Ye Qingyu, his eyes sinister and full of resentment. After leaving behind a short sentence, suddenly the veins in his whole body ruptured. A barrage of blood arrows was unleashed from his meridians as his life drained away from his body.

“Senior Li!”

“Senior!”

Several disciples of the Crepe Myrtle Sect rushed out, helping to support the toppling body of Li Qiushui.

The fox is sad at the death of a hare.

Seeing this scene, the people of Jianghu by Bright Moon Lake could not help but feel a sorrowful hesitation. Li Qiushui, an important person like the emperor of Jianghu, finally perished in such a tragic way. He could not even save his own life. This scene made the arrogant people of Jianghu who had always thought highly of themselves think carefully about the positions they should take in the Empire.

“Ye Qingyu, my Crepe Myrtle Sect will remember this blood feud. Although I am only a lower no-name disciple, but I will not forget the shame we experienced today. Someday in the future, I will definitely repay you,” a young disciple of Crape Myrtle Sect couldn’t refrain from yelling.

He seemed not even twenty years old. He was trembling as he supported the body of Li Qiushui.

This young disciple of Crepe Myrtle Sect was evidently a crazy admirer of Li Qiushui. Tears welled in his eyes, and there was hatred flickering in his pupils. He growled with gritted teeth.

Several other young disciples of Crepe Myrtle Sect also glared at Ye Qingyu hatefully.

In Jianghu, lifelong debts and hatreds were common.

Many lifetime blood feuds had started in such a way.

Just who would remember who was in the right and who was in the wrong at the beginning?

There were many people by the shore of the Bright Moon Lake that were beginning to get worried for these fearless Disciples of the Crepe Myrtle Sect. Ye Qingyu’s ruthless heart made people tremble with fear. Any who dared to be impudent and insulting in front of him were mercilessly killed.

But Ye Qingyu only nodded solemnly.

“Fine. I will await for your arrival no matter the time. I just hope that your vengeance can come open and honourably. If it is malicious and vicious and involves innocent people, then my sword will not mind being stained with blood again.”

The several young disciples of Crepe Myrtle Sect fell silent.

With their eyes red from crying, they carefully and gently cleaned up the body of Li Qiushui, wrapping him in plain white cloth. They respectfully carried him on their shoulders and turned away with gritted teeth.

This martial arts meeting had already ended from the perspective of the Crepe Myrtle Sect.

The situation of the Dragon Tiger Sect was even worse.

The [Tiger Saint Child], Zhao Shanhe, had been killed in a flash. His bones and corpse did not exist anymore.

Within the fourth Xian Pavilion.

The Sacred Dragon child of the Dragon Faction in the Dragon Tiger Sect was quietly standing in front of the pavilion railing. He was shrouded in a light layer of mist, his expression hidden. It was unknown whether he was happy or sad from the results of the event.

“So that [Desolate Tooth of the Tiger Saint] is only a replica. No wonder it could be broken so easily... It seems Zhao Shanhe did not really receive the recognition of the Tiger Faction. The Tiger Faction often acts mysteriously and slyly; it is safe to assume that they have a back-up plan. The [Tiger Saint Child] of this generation might just be a cover for the true [Tiger Saint Child] hiding within the sect.” The Sacred Dragon Child thought pensively.

Compared to the high-profile and arrogant [Tiger Saint Child] Zhao Shanhe, the Dragon Faction [Sacred Dragon Child] was known to be mysterious. He was secretive in his movement and hard to trace like a Dragon. Although he was powerful, but he would largely not participate in the fights of Jianghu. The fact that he came to participate in the Proud Sky Center martial arts meeting this time had already surprised many people.

He turned around to take a glance at the two concubines trembling behind him. Having lost the protection of Zhao Shanhe, the two women could no longer stay in Dragon Tiger Sect. There was a gleam of pity coming from the eyes of the [Dragon Saint Child]. He more or less knew about the story of these two women - they were pitiful people. You could not always do as you wish in Jianghu.

“Let’s go.”

The [Dragon Saint Child] activated the formation array. Landing to the ground, he brought the two girls away from the Proud Sky Center. A silver aura seeped out from his body, like mist, covering the figures of the two girls. He disappeared very quickly.

“The Dragon Tiger Sect will definitely give Marquis Ye a satisfactory answer on what happened in Youyan Pass.”

The voice of [Dragon Saint Child] echoed in the air.

Ye Qingyu nodded. He did not pursue the matter further from other disciples of the Dragon Tiger Sect.

The Youyan army and Wen Wan had investigated [Dragon Saint Child] before. The final evaluation was rather positive - compared to the cruel and treacherous [Tiger Saint Child] Zhao Shanhe, the mysterious [Dragon Saint Child] was regarded as a positive character. He was seldom involved in the disputes of Jianghu and had his own principles.

The Dragon Tiger Sect was so powerful that it had divided into the Dragon Faction and the Tiger Faction hundreds of years ago. Although the two factions were one on the surface, but they secretly fought internally countless times. As a result, the Dragon Saint Child and Zhao Shanhe were not harmonious. It was said that the actions of Zhao Shanhe in Youyan Pass basically had nothing to do with the Dragon Faction, and there was nothing the [Dragon Saint Child] could do to restrain him.

So Ye Qingyu did not want to provoke this mysterious [Dragon Saint Child].

Since the [Dragon Saint Child] had uttered such words, the Dragon Tiger Sect would most certainly give an explanation to the Youyan Army about this matter. That was enough.

It was rumoured that [Dragon Saint Child] always kept his promise. Most likely, when he returns to the sect, the two factions of the Dragon Tiger sect would break into a bloody fight between themselves. Perhaps the Dragon Faction had long been waiting for a suitable opportunity to suppress the Tiger Faction and unify the Dragon Tiger Sect, but these were not Ye Qingyu’s concerns.

Now that the situation has developed to such an extent, the events of the martial arts meeting of Proud Sky Center was already completely settled.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

