Chapter 453:


Chapter 473, Domain gate

Bad!

Seeing this scene, Ye Qingyu felt a bad feeling emerging inside.

In that split second, Ye Qingyu thought that Lin Zheng wanted to enter the [Light Palace], so he blocked the suspending steps above the entrance right away, but he did not expect that...

Why did he want to blow up the base of the [Light Palace]?

Ye Qingyu drew a big question mark in his mind.

All along, the [Light Palace] was suspended above the underground fire spring sword pit, relying on the heat of the vapour from the underground fire spring and the formation on the palace base to float, and also could continuously absorb energy from the underground fire spring!

Ye Qingyu himself had also been to the base of the palace to observe the formation markings.

But to be honest, there was nothing particularly noteworthy about it.

Boom!

After enduring a blow from Right Minister Lin Zheng, the [Light Palace] was rumbling with a strange roar, trembling violently, rising skyward.

Boom boom boom!

After this punch, the Right Minister’s fist power was like thunder, activating the strength within him to its peak, his whole person was shrouded in the flames of the [White tiger Armour], throwing out countless punches in a split second.

The whole [Light Palace] was blown up like a giant meteorite ascending into the sky.

Ye Qingyu was standing at the stone base of the main palace entrance. By the time he had reacted, the [Light Palace] was already nearly thousands of meters away, shuddering as it flew towards the eastern direction...

Fortunately, although the [Light Palace] seemed constructed from ordinary black rocks, it was unexpectedly incredibly strong. Even though it had separated from the protection range of the underground fire spring sword pit and was unable to continue drawing energy from the underground fire spring, under the Right Minister’s earth-shattering bombardment, it only violently shook and there was not the slightest damage seen.

“What is Right Minister doing?”

Ye Qingyu’s mind was flickering like lightning.

He was about to stop him, when suddenly, in the sky, there was a loud explosive boom in the air.

The noise was too terrifying.

In a split second, among the Imperial capital, countless houses and buildings, pavilions, viaducts, statues, and sculptures, had collapsed from the sound wave.

Though it was deep in the night, the dim light of night still could not cover the thick leaden dust and smoke that was sent rocketing from the collapse of the buildings.

Even with Ye Qingyu’s cultivation, he felt that there were two thunderbolts rumbling at both his ears, gold stars exploding in a shower of bright sparks.

The ear-splitting noise sounded just above the center of Light City.

Below, the fight between the experts of the two groups was still ongoing. People that were slightly weaker, as well as those experts that were seriously injured, all had blood spurting out from their nose and mouth from the deafening shock and force, losing consciousness and fainting...

The bloody slaughter also gradually came to a stop.

Everyone looked up in horror at the sky.

Just above the pitch black ink-like night sky, first there was dense mist and snow swirling without warning, forming a vortex-like center, and then even the light and space seemed twisting.

The sky was distorted like a chaotic storm whirlpool.

This chaotic storm whirlpool, from the beginning till now, was expanding and extending rapidly. In almost one or two blinks of an eye, it covered thousands of miles of the night sky. When he looked up it was as though a galaxy had suddenly fallen in the night sky.

Mysterious.

Grand.

Like a divine land.

And that soaring smoke and dust, under the pulling of this huge chaotic storm whirlpool, was similar to a blue dragon rising into the sky and plunging into the whirlpool. The grand and bizarre scene was like a dragon returning home, heart shaking.

At this moment, all people had realized the vastness of heaven and earth, and how small and insignificant they were in comparison.

Humans, in the face of such an extraordinary scene, were like a grain of sand.

“What the hell is going on?”

Ye Qingyu was thoroughly shaken.

Like an incomparably bizarre scene that does not belong to this world.

Suddenly------

Boom!

An invisible, tremendous force field burst forth from that chaotic storm whirlpool, covering the entire Imperial capital.

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt his body become lighter than before.

When he looked down, there was dust and crushed gravel already slowly floating skywards without wind, like leaves drifting along a stream.

“What’s going on? The gravity on the ground seemed to have faded away...”

Ye Qingyu’s heart was throbbing.

He felt a frightful aura of destruction descending.

At this time the Right Minister had ceased bombarding the [Light Palace].

His body flashed, arriving at the center of the upper sky of Light City, the [White tiger Armour] had transformed into a cute white light tiger, crouching on his left shoulder.

After a very strange slight hesitation, he spread out his palm, when a small silver ball of light flickered, but before anyone could see what the silvery light was, he spurted out yuan qi and it darted away.

“Bad, the old thing is about to open the space-time channel, open the domain gate... quickly stop him now!”

On the ground came the loud voice of old Commander Li Guangbi.

But it was too late.

The silver light was too fast.

Flowing light flashed.

This ball of silvery light directly pierced into the underground fire spring sword pit.

On the heavens and earth, there was a moment of utter silence.

Then as though the underground fire had erupted, an explosive bang followed, the ground of the Imperial capital shook as violently as an earthquake had hit, countless buildings collapsed, and a huge beam of red light suddenly burst out from the sword pit, shooting straight into the vault of heaven.

The earth’s gravity was instantly recovered.

All the floating stones, blood beads, dust and so on, instantly came crashing down.

In this split second, as though an earthquake had struck, countless people died in the Imperial capital.

The blood-red light beam shot into the vault of heaven, piercing exactly into the middle of the chaotic storm whirlpool.

Heaven and earth were connected.

A power that does not belong to the Heaven Wasteland Domain appeared out of nowhere, gushing out from the bottom of the underground fire spring sword pit.

In this moment, Ye Qingyu suddenly understood something.

The domain gate.

So this bottomless underground fire spring sword pit was unexpectedly the legendary domain gate.

Before, Ye Qingyu had always thought that the door that leads to other domains should be hidden in the cracks of space. After all, only space magic could connect different domains.

But he had never thought that the real domain gate was hidden underground.

The reason that the Right Minister took that much of a trouble to attack the [Light Palace] and that the [Light Palace] had become the center of this great change, was because there was a domain gate hidden under the [Light Palace].

Ye Qingyu did not know whether this domain gate and the domain gate that the Snow empire seized was the same, but it was clear that the sudden appearance of the domain gate was not a good thing for the Snow Empire.

What was that ball of silver light that the Right Minister hurled into the underground fire spring?

Ye Qingyu’s gaze was fixed on the beam of red light.

Now that things had developed to this step, their previous efforts seemed to have all failed.

What to do next?

What to do?

He was all of a sudden at a loss.

Just then-----

“Hahaha... Hahahaha... The domain gate has finally opened. Lin Zheng, you did well, very well...”

A weird and evil voice sounded in the sky.

By Right Minister Lin Zheng’s side, suddenly emerged an inhuman illusory figure, enveloped by faint red flames, speaking in the most standard empire language.

“Don’t forget our agreement.”

Lin Zheng stood still in the void.

His expression was somewhat strange. In a weird silent state, there was no longer that fierce killing intent as before, as if after all the things were completed, he was a bit apprehensive and hesitant.

“Rest assure, when the children of the demon lord has descended, you will get everything you want...”

The inhuman figure was evidently the envoy that was in the Right Minister’s residence before.

It slowly approached the red beam of light.

A strange and obscure language was uttered from the figure’s mouth.

It was like a spell.

The sound was reverberating between the heavens and the earth, turning into a mysterious and gloomy force, triggering the resonance of some strange matter between heaven and earth.

This sound resembled the chants of fiends in the Asura prison, summoning souls from the ruins all over the Imperial capital, and finally turned into a dazzling blood-red light, piercing into that beam of crimson red light that erupted out from the underground fire spring sword pit.

“Roar!”

“Boom!”

A violent and hostile roar was rumbling from the beam of red light.

Vaguely, the monster-like shadow was flickering in the beam of light, desperately struggling to break free from inside.

As the chanting of the inhuman shadow was increasingly more high-pitched, the black monstrous shadow was more and more distinct.

“It’s calling creatures of foreign domains through the domain gate?”

Ye Qingyu understood something.

From the aura of that inhuman shadow, and the ruthless and hostile roar from the beam of red light, Ye Qingyu was certain that these foreign creatures were definitely not good and honest people.

Back then the War God establishing the [Light Palace] above the underground fire spring sword pit should be to suppress these monsters, lest they invade Heaven Wasteland Domain.

As this was the case...

Ye Qingyu turned into a stream of light, the sword light of the Crape Myrtle sword rising sharply, charging over to the inhuman shadow with the mysterious techniques of the [Human King Sword Mantra] and the battle skills of the mysterious bronze [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

Swoosh!

A lightning-like sword light.

Piercing into the inhuman shadow unimpeded.

The chanting that was reverberating across heaven and earth was suddenly broken.

“Lin Zheng, what are you doing? Why don’t you kill the obstruction?”

The inhuman shadow produced a raging roar.

Right Minister Lin Zheng who had been standing in silence on one side, seemed to have suddenly awakened from a daze.

“The tide has been settled, why fight in vain?”

Lin Zheng attacked.

Ye Qingyu was sent flying with one blow, his blood staining the vast sky.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 454:


Chapter 474,  Saint Sect Black Demon Pool

Within the whole Light City, only Ye Qingyu still had the power to continue fighting, while the several other people, including Qin Zhishui and the old commander had lost the strength to battle.

And Aunt Heng had also suffered quite a serious injury.

Although it was said that after entering into the Bitter Sea boundary, one could restore flesh and blood, but the injuries that everyone had sustained were too severe, such as Li Guangbi and Qu Hanshan, who had almost consumed their source of power, almost no longer able to restore their body.

Only Ye Qingyu, under this hopeless situation-like environment, was fighting to his full potential, the formidable power of 100 Spirit springs was thoroughly and vividly brought out.

Like an immortal, no matter how critical the injury he sustained, with his endless inner yuan he could activate the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] at any time and instantly recover.

Now that the battle had progressed this far, Ye Qingyu also did not know how many times he had restored his flesh and blood, but his inner yuan was still as plentiful as ever.

The situation was in a perilous state.

Without wasting any words, Ye Qingyu again transformed into a bolt of lightning, darting toward that inhuman shadow figure.

Lin Zheng flashed to one side, blocking him.

“Give up. The tide has been settled, little boy, await the arrival of the new era of Heaven Wasteland Domain.” He casually threw a punch, sending Ye Qingyu flying again.

Ye Qingyu’s mouth spurted out blood, floating in the air.

The inhuman shadow once again began to chant the mysterious mantra, and that violent and ancient power was reappearing.

In the red beam of light, the eerie dark shadow was emerging again, like a demon beast of the times of great antiquity, anxious to break free from the red light beam, bringing disaster to the world.

Ye Qingyu drew a deep breath.

At this moment, he had no other plans, all his previous actions were like a futile struggle of a trapped beast.

But even a trapped beast would struggle and fight.

Let alone people.

He once again activated the [True Will of the Sky Dragon], transforming into a dragon, the Crepe Myrtle sword integrating into the dantian, madly attacking a higher level of the [Limitless Divine Way].

“If I could activate the sixth limit or even the seventh limit of the Limitless divine way, then perhaps I can beat Lin Zheng and stop the catastrophe!”

He frantically tried.

His aura was also rising wildly.

There was not the slightest hesitation in his mind, even if he was blown up in the frantic surging of power it did not matter, divine thoughts were uniting.

[First limiL]...

[Second Limit]...

[Third Limit]...

[Fourth Limit]...

[Fifth Limit]...

Ye Qingyu’s yuan qi was violently rising.

The speed at which his strength was improving was almost at one boundary in one second, simply astounding. The silvery cold flames that were emitting from his body made him look like the eastern sun in a vast sky, dazzling and must not be stared at from close up.

Right Minister Lin Zheng slightly narrowed his eyes.

He felt a hint of threat from Ye Qingyu, and this threatening aura was growing rapidly.

Another type of secret technique!

Previously, Right Minister Lin Zheng had repeatedly seen Ye Qingyu enhancing his battle strength.

He could not let him keep increasing it.

Otherwise, it would ruin this important affair.

Lin Zheng attacked once again.

The [Fifth Limit] state Ye Qingyu was equivalent to the strength of the Ocean stage of the Bitter Sea boundary. Having endured three strikes, he was once again blown away.

He spurted out blood thousands of meters away, both his legs were directly beaten into smithereens.

In the void, there was a long, loud roar of a dragon.

Ye Qingyu was madly activating the [True Will of the Sky Dragon], like long blood snakes, flesh and blood were spreading out from the wounds, binding with each other at a speed visible to the naked eye and constructing two legs...

Lin Zheng did not continue attacking.

He was on full alert, protecting the inhuman shadow, evidently afraid of another accident occurring.

Now that the situation had developed to this point, to him, Ye Qingyu was like a fly that could not be killed. Although very annoying, but if he was lured away because of a fly and ruined the envoy’s plan, the costs could really outweigh the gains.

Thousands of meters away.

Ye Qingyu’s body had once again fully grown back.

With no other options, like a moth flying into a flame, he once again frantically activated the [Limitless Divine Way], attempting to trigger an even higher state.

When a fight had progressed to a certain extent, when the fighting spirit was ignited, a person’s mind would abandon all other distractions, leaving only one thought in mind.

Ye Qingyu was currently like that.

The only thought in his mind was to trigger a higher state of the [Limitless Divine Way] in order to kill Lin Zheng and to stop the opening of the domain gate.

The long roar of the sky dragon again resounded through the void.

Right Minister Lin Zheng stood up straight in the void, coldly watching this scene, as though looking at a strong ant trying to swallow a tremendous dragon.

But at this moment----

All of a sudden, there was a warning alert.

Before he could react, the void door behind was flung open, a fist was suddenly imprinted on his spine, and a frightening indescribable power erupted, instantaneously destroying all obstacles and crushing Lin Zheng’s body.

This power came too suddenly, too terrifyingly, that even the [White tiger Armour], which had transformed into a light tiger, had no time to respond and was unable to put up a strong defensive position...

“Hahaha...”

A wild and domineering long laughter was echoing in the void.

In the middle of the void door, a tall and slender body walked out, covered in golden armour, a handsome face and a long black beard, graceful and imposing, it was Golden Apex Prince, Prince Yu Feiyan.

Above his head, there was a floating white candle burned to less than half an inch, the glow was flickering and swaying gently, seemingly uncanny.

“You...”

Lin Zheng bellowed in rage.

His body was shattered, leaving only his head, an expression of utter shock and disbelief across his face, scowling at Yu Feiyan.

“Hahaha, old thing, the mantis stalks the cicada, unaware of the oriole behind. You never thought that in the end you would die in my hands, right?”

Yu Feiyan’s blow had succeeded. There was almost no words that could describe his current feelings.

For many years, whether it was in personal cultivation base or power, whether it was prestige or battle tactics, Yu Feiyan had time and time again been suppressed by Right Minister Lin Zheng, rarely was he able to raise his head.

But now, it was all over.

Just now this punch that destroyed all obstacles had vented all of Yu Feiyan’s pent up frustration and resentment all these years.

“Your strength... you boorish fellow, unexpectedly also...” Lin Zheng suddenly understood something.

He could sense that the power of that fist just now was not the power that Yu Feiyan should possess. When he saw the white candle suspended above Yu Feiyan’s head, he immediately knew that the first prince of the Imperial family had also saught help from a fiendgod of a foreign domain.

“Haha, old bastard, do you really think that the matter of you colluding with fiendgods of foreign domains is flawless? Do you really think that I don’t know about the numerous spies that you arranged into my household? I have endured you for many years just for today. Haha, old bastard, next year today is the anniversary of your death.”

Yu Feiyan vented his excitement in a fit of unrestrained laughter.

“Quickly finish the battle, problems may arise if not settled promptly.”

The short white candle uttered.

“Hm, understood.”

Yu Feiyan humph coldly, a mighty force surging within his body, grabbing at the air with both hands, when 10 strands of candlelight-like light extended infinitely in a criss-cross pattern like a net, locking the void, imprisoning the head of Right Minister Lin Zheng in a wooden-box-sized space.

Lin Zheng, who had lost his body, in spite of his efforts to restore his body, his battle strength was plummeting, and could only reluctantly trigger the [White tiger Armour] to form into a white tiger-shaped light to protect him.

Yu Feiyan was frantically stimulating more strength, wanting to incinerate Lin Zheng’s remaining head.

While that short white candle that hung above his head was fluttering down to the crimson red light beam.

“Old shadow demon, I did not expect that you actually survived that battle back then, and you are also still looking down on the people of Snow Empire again. You set up this situation, when the domain gate opens again...”

The short white candle was less than 20 meters away from the inhuman shadow. The candle light was bright, producing powerful sound waves

“I also did not imagine that a candle that was worshipped in the eight saintly lotus platform of the Saint Sect had not been exterminated yet in the past...” the inhuman shadowy figure let out a voice.

But he was still chanting a mantra as before.

The roar and howling from within the red beam of light was more and more clear, the monster-like black shadow more and more distinct, there were claws and horns taking form, and he was almost breaking out of the light beam.

“You’re overly ambitious. The Black Demon Pool wants to solely occupy this domain gate? I will not allow this...”

The short white candle flickered.

Rays of silver light shot out from the candle light, like a sharp sword, aiming to slice the inhuman shadow into pieces.

“Argh, you deserve to die!”

The inhuman shadow roared.

His summoning incantation was again interrupted. The clear black shadow within the beam of red light quickly dimmed down, the fierce roars were more and more distant, as though they had returned to another world.

“Black demon engulf the sky!” ”

The inhuman shadow bellowed, abruptly expanding into a hundreds of meters wide mouth of an abyss, directly sucking that short white candle in, wanting to extinguish it.

“The scared spirit does not extinguish, sacred flame illuminates the ninth heaven!”

The short white candle uttered, and the originally finger-sized candle suddenly grew in size, producing a brilliance comparable to that of the scorching sun, endlessly shooting out candle light swords, puncturing that black shadow’s giant mouth.

Ye Qingyu was standing in the distance, still trying to trigger a higher state of the [Limitless Divine Way].

Following the appearance of Yu Feiyan, Right Minister Lin Zheng was almost killed.

But Ye Qingyu didn’t believe that the situation had been brought under control.

Because Yu Feiyan’s expression was not like that of Li Guangbi, Qu Hanshan and the others, and adding to this, the force that was surging within Yu Feiyan’s body was obviously not himself. Instead it came from that white candle.

Saint Sect!

Black Demon Pool!

These were the legendary demon sects of foreign domains.

The identities of the inhuman shadow and the white candle had been exposed, they were the legendary fiendgods of foreign domains.

Right Minister Lin Zheng, and Golden Apex Prince Yu Feiyan were both not good people. Both had relied on help from demon sects of foreign domains.

The situation was more serious than imagined-----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 455:


“Ye Qingyu, the situation has been decided. Are you willing to become loyal to me?"

By the side, the Apex Prince Yu Feiyan, using the divine arts of the Saint Sect, temporarily sealed Lin Zheng’s head away. He turned his head, his gaze landing on Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

"Haha, after all, Lin Zheng is a treacherous minister. He greeded after Imperial Power. Not following under him, is unquestionably the wisest choice. I admire you very much." The Apex Prince Yu Feiyan gave a big smile. "I have long heard that Palace Lord Ye is loyal towards the Imperial family of Snow Empire. Seeing you today, you really are brave and courageous. I am the descendant of the Imperial family, it is heaven's will that you follow me."

Ye Qingyu still did not speak.

Yu Feiyan acted as if the entire situation was within his grasp. He said again: "Since the situation today has deteriorated to a such a degree, but the Snow Emperor has not yet appeared, do you know what is the reason? It's because the current Snow Emperor no longer has the initiative and pioneering spirit he had in the past. He does not even have the required strength. He is hiding in the Imperial palace shivering, without the guts and courage he needs as the emperor of the Human Race. For such a person, he is wasting the position of Emperor. How can he revitalize the Human Race? In these years, I have always endured, always hidden myself. If not for the fact that the fate of the Empire is about to be decided, and the current Snow Emperor is incompetent, do you think I would be willing to participate in the struggle to wrest control of Imperial power of the mortal world? Palace Lord Ye, you are a talent that is the pillar of the Human Race, you should be able to understand my painful heart."

"Painful heart?"

Ye Qingyu finally opened his mouth.

His gaze fell on the white-coloured candle.

The white-coloured candle constantly contended against the shadows of the human figures, shadow and light crossing each other. There was a strange energy fluctuation around it. This was not the yuan qi power of Heaven Wasteland Domain, and it was extremely special and strange.

Yu Feiyan instantly understood Ye Qingyu's meaning with a single glance.

“To take care of external troubles, one must first stabilize internal problems." His expression was righteous as he said, "The Right Minister has corroded Imperial power, his ambition hidden. This traitor's power is overwhelming, in these years, I have only managed content with him forcefully. I have the intention to kill this traitor, but I did not have the power. I could only borrow on external forces. The Saint Sect is the righteous sect of the outer domain, and it also has people of the Human Race within it . As for the Black Demon Pool that the Right Minister has allied himself with it, this is one of the most demonic and bloodthirsty forces of the other domains. They have the intention of destroying our Human Race as it came here, the poisonous heart of the Right Minister is evident.”

"Hahaha..."

Amidst the pure white prison of the candle, the Right Minister suddenly let out a cold laughter of derision.

"The Black Demon Pool, The Saint Sect, they are all the perpetrators that once invaded Heaven Wasteland in the past. They were killed by that War God in the past, but they did not disappear. As the spring wind blew, they recover once again. I joined forces with the leftovers of the Black Demon Pool, and you contact the remnants of the Saint Sect. We are all just trying to take advantage and use their power, why must you make yourself sound so right and justified..." The head of the Right Minister was imprisoned within that light. He had no way of absorbing the yuan qi of Heaven and Earth, and his original essence was also being expended. Therefore he had no way of making his body recover, no way of making flesh and blood regrow. He looked to be in an extremely sorry state.

"Old scum, before you are destroyed, you still want to provoke Place Lord Ye? Is it because you want to use him to help you gain time?" Yu Feiyan coldly sneered. " In these years, I have seen far too many of your sinister plots. Don't even think you can confuse truth and lies."

As he finished, he looked towards Ye Qingyu, saying, "Palace Lord Ye, when I saw you on that day, I knew you were an absolute peerless genius. I have a heart that admires talent, so I have always allowed you to do as you please. Right now, with my invincible power, to want to kill you is only something that I need a brief thought to do, I don't need to mumble on and remind you of so many things. You should be able to sense the special treatment that I have given you. I know there is admiration between my nice Xing'er and you, if you are willing to serve under me, once I ascend the throne, and rule over Heaven Wasteland Domain, I will give you Xing'er's hand in marriage. At that time, you will be a member of the Imperial family. My heart yearns towards the martial path, I can pass on the position of the Imperial ruler to you. You can act out the ambitions in your heart, and I will resign and remain hidden from the world, how about it? If it is like this, are you willing to believe in me?"

Ye Qingyu deeply breathed in.

At that instant---

Ping!Ping!Ping!

There were jets of bloods that suddenly shot out from Ye Qingyu's body. For his body that had already largely gone under the process of draconification, scales went scattering everywhere, as if something in the body would cause it to burst apart. Jet after jet appeared from the fractures in his body, making Ye Qingyu seem as if he was porcelain that was about to shatter...

There was even more blood that flowed out from his eyes, his nose, his ears, all his apertures.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh..."

He madly screamed, entering into a berserk state.

Boom!

An unprecedented power suddenly madly exploded out from within Ye Qingyu's body.

In an instant, an air current like a flood completely swept heaven and earth.

Finally...

[Limitless Divine Way]... the power of seven limits.

Ye Qingyu felt that he himself had been completely consumed by the yuan qi of the world. There was a power that was hard to control surging within his body, as if his flesh and blood was about to dissolve, about to turn into yuan qi.

He knew that this was because of the power of the [Seventh Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way], which was far, far too powerful and berserk. It was not already something that his body could contain and withstand.

Especially after power had appeared so suddenly as if from nowhere. There was absolutely no process for his body to get adjusted to it. In a spark's time, this power had already completely ran a cycle throughout his limbs and was like an ocean, suddenly rushing into a small alleyway. In an instant, it was enough to completely destroy this small alleyway!

But at this time, Ye Qingyu could no longer care about such things.

His parents, normal martial experts, had once faced danger. They had once died in battle, to protect their comrades.

His fellow comrades, the soldiers of the Empire, had also once sacrificed their young and living lifes in the battlefields against the other races everywhere.

His friend, the Qin Zhishui of the Matchless Blade City, to protect the dignity of his race, had become a convict that went against everything.

His subordinates, Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui, were at the Pinnacle of the Ninth Heaven, fighting a battle of life and death...

The fatty below, as well as the soldiers of the Soldier Camp, were fighting out a river of blood.

As for those who had placed their trust in him, the experts that came from the Jianghu, and Li Guangbi and Qu Hanshan, had nearly fought to the point where they were completely spent. They did not hold anything back at all.

As for those in the capital, that was still within the stalemate of the capital, those that were shivering or perhaps praying, were still waiting for something...

In one person's life, there would be many choices facing them.

Perhaps it was as heavy as a mountain.

Perhaps it was as light as a feather.

Perhaps one could emit with a radiance that would dazzle for a thousand generations.

Or perhaps one could remain living in shame for thousands of years, receiving the curses of no one, but living with guilt and shame in one's heart.

Ye Qingyu did not have too great an ambition. He did not chase after his fame, did not contend over power, was fearful of death, and wanted to live...

But ultimately, the only thing he could not abandon, the only baseline that he was willing to fight to the death defending, there was only one---

To protect his family and friends.

The blood-coloured pillar became more and more concentrated. The movement of the power of Heaven and Earth became more and more berserk. At this time, even without the white candle as well as the the chant of the Black demon figure summoning secret technique, as soon as another short while passed, the domain gate was about to completely open...

He had once read countless ancient texts. Once the domain gate was opened, just what sort of situation would be awaiting the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland Domain...

Eternal damnation.

The power of seven limits represented death.

Not only for his enemies, but also for himself.

"Then... let's die together.”

Ye Qingyu let out a faint smile.

While he could still faintly control his own body, before he drove his body towards destruction and annihilation, there was only one thing he had to do. And that was ---

Kill!

Kill all his enemies.

A berserk like the power of the storm of chaos, completely and utterly activated. The power of the [Seventh Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way] once again caused Ye Qingyu's battle power, at this instant, to completely exceed the beginning stages of the Heaven Ascension stage.

"This little kid... has gone crazy." The Apex Prince Yu Feiyan was completely stunned.

"Not good..." The Right Minister, Lin Zheng also lost his composure.

But at the next instant, Ye Qingyu had already struck.

His entire person turned into a stream of light, so fast it was unbelievable. He came before the scarlet red pillar, a vast and uncontestable power sweeping everything. A hard to describe yuan qi fluctuation began tearing apart everything.

"No... go die!" The black demon figure sharply screech and roared.

"Save me." The white candle also emitted a howl like rusted metal scraping together.

But everything was already too late.

Ye Qingyu's power completely exploded. Everywhere the storm of chaos passed by, it was like a heaven shrouding flood covering a bonfire, extinguishing it. It did not allow the slightest hint of resistance or struggle. That black demon figure as well as that white candle, was completely extinguished, completely turned to ashes.

A horrifying energy also directly sent the Apex Prince flying out.

The Right Minister, Lin Zheng who was trapped in that prison of light, was also struck by a force. he instantly became a bloody mess, flesh being shattered into pieces. He was like a blood covered ball of meat, rolling around in the skies...

"Don't, Little Yu, quickly stop..." On the ground, Aunt Heng lost her composure and screamed, turning into light that charged over.

But Ye Qingyu no longer held any way of controlling anything.

He madly headed and struck towards the scarlet pillar of light.

He wanted to use his last power to activate the storm of chaos, to completely turn this scarlet pillar of light into smithereens.

"If it is like this, then I should be able to destroy the domain gate."

Ye Qingyu thought so in his heart.

At this time---

Crash!

A golden-coloured heavenly thunder suddenly struck down from the air extremely quickly. It struck squarely on Ye Qingyu's body.

Boom!

Blood mist scattered.

There was an endless light from blood and flesh that was instantly burnt into ashes by the heavenly thunder.

Ye Qingyu's body, at that instant, completely lost all his signs of life. he was like charred wood that had suffered too much. When he was still ten metrers from the blood red pillar, he suddenly halted, then fell down from the skies, downwards, downwards, downwards...

"Damn!"

The Apex Prince Yu Feiyan who was sent flying far away, seeing this scene, was stunned from shock.

The Lin Zheng who had recovered part of his body was still shivering, not knowing what to say.

That golden heavenly thunder... was Heavenly Punishment.

This was the natural laws of Heaven Wasteland Domain, of this world--- when there was power that exceeded the Heaven Ascension stage, there would be a punishment that would appear.

Ye Qingyu's power at that moment had exceeded the early stage of the Heaven Ascension realm. It had threatened the normal fluctuation of the laws of this world, therefore Heaven had thundered down with golden lightning to completely destroy him.

"Little Yu..."

Aunt Heng's figure was like lightning. The instant the lightning shot out, she headed fowards to receive Ye Qingyu's descending figure.

But at this time, a tragic and despairing howl sounded out from the ground beneath.

A white light passed by. Before Aunt Heng could reach him, it had already received Ye Qingyu.

It was the silly dog, Little Nine.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 456:


The speed that Little Nine exploded with at that moment was inexplicable and unbelievable. In an instant, it had rushed ahead of Aunt Heng and placed Ye Qingyu, who had already been struck till he was like charcoal, on his back.

"Wu ah..."

There was a wild beast-like roar coming from his throat. He walked in the air, his body multiplying in size many times over, turning into a form like a huge white wolf.

"Little Yu..."

Aunt Heng wanted to come near, wanting to save Ye Qingyu.

But.

"Wu ah... woof!“

There was suddenly a bloodthirsty roar that emitted from Little Nine's throat. In his eyes that was originally as pure as black jewels, there was a blood-coloured vicious light moving beneath it. There was hostility in it's eyes as he stared towards Aunt Heng, not allowing her to near.

"Quickly let me save him!"

Aunt Heng shouted in panic.

To be struck by Heavenly Punishment, it was nearly certain death. She had never imagined that Ye Qingyu would risk his life to such an extent. This all happened in but a moment's time, she did not even have time to stop it.

Thankfully, in that exceedingly strange moment, Aunt Heng could just barely see Ye Qingyu's figure that was like charcoal, his chest was rising and falling. There was evidently still a shred of life within his body.

The gaze of Little Nine became slightly gentler, with a faint hesitation. But suddenly, it's gaze fiercely changed yet again. All the white hair of its body instantly rose like needles standing up, another fierce and vicious growl resounding throughout its throat. It's mouth faintly opened, and silver-coloured fangs like that of daggers glimmered as it was exposed...

Boom!

There was a gigantic sound.

Within the skies, another bolt of golden divine lightning shot down.

A terrifying energy that was hard to describe once again struck out in the direction of Ye Qingyu.

Sensing that Ye Qingyu had not yet died, the power of the Heavenly Punishment lightning once again gathered and neared.

No matter who it was, as long as one was determined to have the possibility of endangering the stability of the domain, they would utterly be eradicated.

"Careful..." Aunt Heng was frightened.

She received significant injuries, but there was still no way for her to resist against the reverberations of power of that golden lightning. She was still sent flying far away even from a distance.

"Wu ah... woof woof woof!"

The silly dog Little Nine let out an enraged roar at the sky.

This was the first time he had shown such anger and rage.

This was an extreme fury.

The figure of Little Nine once again enlarged. Like a divine wolf swallowing the very heavens, it carried Ye Qingyu, like a bolt of lightning, trying to head off into the skies to escape.

His speed was fast, extremely fast.

It was nearly like the speed of flowing light.

But the speed of the golden-coloured lightning was even quicker.

In the blink of an eye, it was about to catch up.

"Woof woof woof!"

Little Nine let out an enraged roar, doing his best to speed up yet again.

It wanted to use his own speed to evade the golden lightning and save Ye Qingyu.

But the faster he was, the faster the golden lightning became.

Little Nine was like a bolt of lightning in the air, constantly changing directions, wanting to escape.

The golden lighting followed it like it was his shadow.

This was the punishment of this world.

It was like a curse that one could not escape from.

There was white foam coming out from the lips of Little Nine.

He seemed to have expended nearly all of his strength. For such high speed movement, it had caused him to be in a dizzy and faint state. He felt as if his chest was tearing apart, white foam began to vomit from his mouth.

But the golden lightning neared and neared again, nearly touching his tail.

"Woof woof woof..."

He continued to let out an enraged roar.

It was evidently the noises of a dog. But from the mouth of Little Nine, there was a strange power and authority.

There was a craziness and fury that had never appeared, shining in the eyes of Little Nine.

Boom!

The golden lightning had finally chase after it.

Little Nine suddenly turned back, no longer running away. As he roared, he opened his mouth, biting towards this golden lighting, wishing to die with no regrets.

Biting and swallowing.

This was the only method left to him.

Even if he died, he need to protect his master.

"Woof woof woof... Master, if you are to die, then let me accompany you!"

As the golden lighting was swallowed into his stomach, Little Nine let out a furious howl just like so.

In an instant, flame and lightning, began to spit out and vomit from all the apertures in Little Nine's body.

He let out a furious roar, but he had still not been killed by this bolt of lightning.

Little Nine's head wobbled, not reacting to what had happened yet.

At this time, the Ye Qingyu on his back, at some unknown time, began to be covered by a faint silver sheet of ice.

Little Silver had awoken from its slumber.

It had evidently noticed Ye Qingyu's situation and danger. It began spitting out cold air as it used the power of ice to seal Ye Qingyu's body away.

Boom!

In the skies, the third bolt of heavenly thunder struck down.

The power of the laws of this world had noticed Ye Qingyu had not died yet. The third bolt of golden divine lightning came, Heavenly Punishment descending.

"Woof woof... Hao Hao Hao!"

Little Nine chose not to escape this time.

Amidst it's enraged roar, it once again opened his enormous mouth, once again directly ingesting the third golden divine lightning into his stomach.

The power of the Heavenly Punishment divine thunder once again reverberated throughout the air.

No matter whether it was Apex Prince Yu Feiyan or Lin Zheng whose body had recovered they had no way of approaching the two. Because they were of the Heaven Ascension cultivation realm, approaching too near would have the high possibility of causing the Heavenly Punishment to change it's target and attack them instead.

"Wu wu wu..."

Little Nine let out a tragic scream.

At this time, all of his fur had been turned completely black by that golden bolt of lightning. Fresh blood seeped out from his eyes, his ears, his nose, and his mouth was completely torn apart, flesh flying about in his mouth...

But what made people astounded was that the strength of his body was even more terrifying than Ye Qingyu. It had directly suffered two bolts of divine lightning, but he still had not died, and had not been completely turned into charcoal yet from the bolts.

Golden lightning ran madly about the seven apertures of Little Nine.

"Wu wu wu wu..."

Little Nine let out a painful whimper.

In the skies, the fourth bolt of Heavenly Punishment lightning once again descended.

Little Nine let out a furious and enraged roar.

In truth, he could discard the Ye Qingyu who was half alive on his back. He entirely did not have the need to endure the power of the Heavenly Punishment and be killed by it.

But in such a crucial and desperate moment, this silly dog whose life duty seemed to be to steal food, this dog that was normally unreliable, would protect his own master to the death, protecting his own will and determination.

Boom!

The fourth bolt of divine punishment, the golden lighting, was once again ingested by this large white dog that had nearly gone into a berserk state.

A horrifying power ran madly about, destroying his body.

This time, it was not only his seven apertures that were bleeding. Not only was there lighting running about his body, not only had his mouth and nose been torn to pieces, even his stomach had been struck apart. Golden-coloured lighting flowed out from the wound in his stomach, like there was a golden sharp sword that was currently slicing apart the body of the silly dog.

The fifth golden bolt of lighting was once again converging and being born in the skies.

It seemed to be extremely angry that even four continuous bolts of Heavenly Punishment had not managed to kill Ye Qingyu. Even the heavens grew furious. The fifth bolt of Heavenly Punishment, compared to the four other bolts, was tens of time thicker and more frightening. It was like a golden river of electricity, hanging up in the skies, constantly enlarging and forming...

“Wuah... master, Little Nine can't endure anymore... I’m sorry..."

The silly dog let out sounds of moaning and whimpering.

To be able to withstand three golden bolts of Heavenly Punishment, this was already a miracle that shocked the heavens itself. For all those that saw this scene, they had all lost their ability to think from shock.

This little white dog was evidently special.

But even if so, it would stop here today.

The fifth bolt of Heavenly Punishment was like a golden-coloured heaven river that came suppressing down with a rumble. A horrifying energy fluctuation, like it was about to destroy the world, sounded out. Even for people like Yu Feiyan as well as the Right Minister, they felt their soul quivering uncontrollably.

The silly dog Little Nine wobbled, nearly completely spent. He stood in the skies above, forcefully carrying Ye Qingyu, not even able to move slightly...

The moment for the final judgement had finally arrived.

"Master, you always scold me for being able to eat too much....but this time, Little Nine can't eat anymore. This damn golden lightning is too vicious... master, Little Nine will accompany you..."

He lowered his head as he spoke in a low voice, tears sparkling in his eyes.

The golden electricity was like a heavenly river, nearing in an instant.

Little Nine let out a faint smile, then he closed his eyes gently.

At the next instant, he could already smell the familiar destructive power of this golden-coloured electricity. Like a flood, it had already touched his nose.

But at that instant, it seemed as if nothing had happened whatsoever.

The surging golden bolt of lighting of Heavenly Punishment was like exploding thunder. As it was about to completely swallow up Ye Qingyu as well as Little Nine, it suddenly disappeared without any other signs whatsoever.

It was as if the previous moment and energy was only an illusion.

The silly dog Little Nine stood still for a while, before he opened his eyes.

It was incomparably shocked to discover that all the hints of the Heavenly Punishment, the golden-coloured lighting, had utterly and completely disappeared from the skies.

Everything had passed by.

This... just what was happening?

Little Nine had a feeling of not knowing what to do after escaping from certain death.

Then it suddenly felt a chill that seeped to his bones behind his back.

He turned to look and saw that Ye Qingyu had been completely frozen by Little Silver. Not only so, on the ice that sealed him away, there was faint silver patterns on it, like it was tight and clustered formations. Sparkling with a strange radiance, it completely shrouded the last shreds of life of Ye Qingyu.

The little silver dragon continuously and rapidly crawled about on top of the surface of the ice covering Ye Qingyu.

There would be silver signs left behind in the places where it crawled past. It was like silver formations. Once it was formed, there would be a strange energy fluctuating through it that continuously strengthened the seal on Ye Qingyu's life force.

"Wu wu... it's so painful..." Little Nine grumbled, then said with surprise, "Eh… Little Silver why are you acting like the silver snake... you ate it, so could it be that even you now know how to draw scribbles?"

"Phew... phew... phew!"

The little silver dragon had its tongue hanging out in fatigue. After finishing inscribing the last silver line, it was nearly paralyzed where it was.

"Phew... I've sealed off master's life force... so that the heavens will think he has died... Heavenly Punishment... will disappear..." The little silver dragon continued heaving and gasping as it uttered such words.

So the little silver dragon had crawled out a strange formation that had sealed off Ye Qingyu's life force. Since the heavens could not sense Ye Qingyu's existence anymore, they thought he was dead.

With Ye Qingyu dead, the power of Heavenly punishment naturally also disappeared.

"This... in other words, you saved us..." The energy of Little Nine was utterly spent. He wobbled and quiverd where he was, feeling an unprecedented fatigue. His vision became increasingly blurry and indistinct, nearly not able to endure it any longer.

"You... phew phew... helped me buy time..." The little silver dragon was very modest. If not for the fact that Little Nine had sacrificed himself and swallowed three bolts of heavenly lightning, there was no way Little Silver would have been able to achieve this.

Everything had finally passed.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

