Chapter 669:


Chapter 687, Bad sign·A mysterious case



In the history records of the Heaven Wasteland Imperial Court, the opening paragraph ——

“The first year of Heaven Wasteland. The original Snow Empire had been established for 147 years. The Crown Prince of the Yu clan of the Snow Empire Human Race imperial court, under the support of Ye Qingyu during the Battle of the Light Palace, followed the will of the heavens, the will of the people, and the fate of the nation. In the Snow capital Sky Hall, under the witness of all people, she was bestowed the imperial crown, imperial armour, and imperial sword, and stepped up the Nine level divine platform, bathing in the light of the heaven, earth, and sun. She ascended the throne, and was proclaimed the Empress. The title of the Empress is Wu Zhao. Sweeping away the chaos of Heaven Wasteland Domain, she declares the imperial decree that the capital will remain Snow capital, and will rule the five war zones, the four major foreign lands, and thousands of cities. All acknowledging their allegiance, she became the first Empress of the Heaven Wasteland Imperial Court since the birth of Heaven Wasteland Domain!”

“The new Empress was enthroned, benefiting the world. The second imperial decree declared to the world that, the citizens of the foreign races of Heaven Wasteland do not have to give payment to the imperial court for one hundred years, the gate will open up to allow trade and exchange, and interracial marriage is allowed. Since then, the citizens of all races in Heaven Wasteland Domain were grateful and celebration broke out across the state.”

In the history books of later generations, the evaluation of Wu Zhao Empress was extremely high.

……

In the blink of an eye, another half a year had passed since the Empress ascended to the throne.

There was a dramatic change in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

The fifth of the sixth month of Heaven Wasteland’s first year.

This was the date on which the Domain Alliance inspection envoys agreed to return to Snow capital and collectively report the results of the inspection of the Domain Alliance.

Early that morning, the Empress personally held a very grand welcome ceremony in the Snow capital, which the Empire Right Minister Lin Zheng personally presided over. The banquet was held in the imperial court to welcome the special inspection envoys.

This was considered normal courtesy and hospitality.

However, it was also from that day when things went a bit bizarre.

Following the usual practice of the Domain Alliance in the past. The Domain Alliance inspection envoys ended the six months inspection and returned to the capital of the domain being graded——The deadline to return to Heaven Wasteland Domain’s Snow capital was three days. In general, however, all special envoys will gather on the first day. Occasionally they may encounter something, which would lead to a slight delay, but that would at most be half a day, and every single one would return eventually.

But this time, there was an accident.

On the evening of the 2nd day, when all the city gates of the Snow capital were closed, most of the envoys still had not returned to Snow capital.

An atmosphere that was not quite normal began to permeate quietly.

The entire empire dared not to be careless.

A number of urgent commands were issued from the imperial city, Snow capital. All channels were operated in the first instance, searching for some possible clues. Although it was not yet the deadline, but it was a serious matter. Whether it was Empress Yu Xiaoxing, or the imperial military, all attached great importance to the matter.

Unfortunately, the result was not good.

These special envoys were top experts, and there should be few people in Heaven Wasteland Domain that can match their strength. Moreover, they were proficient in the technique of transformation, no one knew where they had gone, and there was no trace of them from the beginning. Even though the Imperial Empire had unified Heaven Wasteland Domain, the foundation was still weak, and to find clues to their whereabouts was simply as difficult as looking for a needle in the sea.

The third day.

The last glimmer of sunset faded from the sky.

The starry night sky descended over the entire imperial capital.

This was the deadline for the inspection envoys to return to the capital.

The number of envoys who eventually returned to Snow capital was seventy-one.

In other words, there were still twenty-nine people of the one hundred Domain Alliance inspection envoys who had not yet returned, and there was not a word that was heard back from them.

This was certainly bad news.

The special envoys who had returned to the Snow capital were also not in a good mood.

The news via their special channels had already been reported to the Domain Alliance in the very first instance.

In fact, at this point, many people understood that for the domain envoys that had not returned, there were grim possibilities.

The special inspection envoys were specially cultivated by the Domain Alliance. Each person, in addition to possessing extremely strong strength and secret techniques of transformation, was subjected to very strict discipline. Behaviours such as returning late were severely punished and as a result of tardiness, they may even be directly disqualified from carrying out the domain assessment task. This was an ending that no special envoy would ever want to face.

In the past million years, when the Domain Alliance had assessed other new and rising domains, there were occasionally special envoys being buried in the new domain for a variety of reasons, but the numbers were very little. At most it was just one or two. There had never been a case like today, when more than twenty envoys had mysteriously disappeared.

Such an outcome was undoubtedly shocking, both for the imperial empire and for the domain inspection envoys.

On the fourth day, there was finally news from the Domain Alliance.

Above the main palace hall.

“The life spirit walls of the missing domain inspections envoys have been destroyed, and they have all died.” An inspection envoy called Shen Yuan, the head of the inspection mission, gave such an answer in the face of the Empress Yu Xiaoxing. He was obviously very shocked. “This is really terrifying, could it be that in Heaven Wasteland Domain, there is some sort of dangerous place? Or is there any other danger? Your Majesty, what clues have you found these days?”

Sat on the gold imperial throne, Yu Xiaoxing gently shook her head.

“Your Majesty, I need a list and information of the top experts in Heaven Wasteland Domain,” Shen Yuan made a request.

Yu Xiaoxing, sitting high above on the imperial throne, and under the crown, her eyes flashed, “Could it be that Envoy Shen thinks that, the experts of my Heaven Wasteland Domain secretly killed the missing inspection envoys?”

“That's also a possibility.” Shen Yuan looked solemn.

In fact, the domain inspection envoys had patrolled Heaven Wasteland Domain for half a year, and were well aware of everything about this domain. They should have gathered much information on all the top experts, but Shen Yuan still had put forward such a request to the Empress. Obviously, he had special intentions in doing this.

“Allow.”

The Empress pondered for a moment, her red lips slightly opened, and gave an answer.

……

Over the next five or six days, Heaven Wasteland Domain fell into a tensed state.

The Domain Alliance once again sent out experts to capture the culprit, led by three Elders of the Alliance, along with more than seventy other domain inspections envoys, and various forces of the Heaven Wasteland Empire. A careful search across the whole of Heaven Wasteland Domain was conducted, hoping to find some clues about the missing inspection envoys, but unfortunately in the end all were returned in disappointment. There was not the slightest clue.

This matter was a mystery.

The twenty-nine extraordinary and experienced domain inspection envoys, like air, seemed to have melted into the world without leaving the slightest trace.

The massive search ended in failure.

On the 27th day, the seventy-one special inspection envoys and subsequent experts who came to Heaven Wasteland Domain finally left Heaven Wasteland Domain.

The situation facing Heaven Wasteland Domain was a bit complicated.

Although this would not completely sever the path of the rating of Heaven Wasteland Domain, nor will it directly sway the final results, it was guaranteed to have a certain impact. What the impact would be was not possible to determine at the moment, but this was not out of the control of Heaven Wasteland Empire.

Time went by.

Many people in Heaven Wasteland Domain were still immersed in the joy of the establishment of the Empire, still enjoying the great changes and rapid developments in Heaven Wasteland Domain, and were not aware of anything wrong. But for the many people who were standing on the top of this domain, they felt unsettled and nervousness.

Twenty-nine domain inspection special envoys had fallen consecutively. Such a fact was like a sword of Damocles suspended above the head of countless people of Heaven Wasteland Domain. Once it fell, it would be an unbearable weight for Heaven Wasteland Domain.

And no matter what the final decision of the Domain Alliance was, this was a bad sign.

After all, the assessment of Heaven Wasteland Domain had only just begun. To encounter such a rare setback was a bad sign. The entire rating process would most likely not be too smooth.

On the 30th day.

There were new movements.

A new envoy of the Domain Alliance had arrived.

According to the message conveyed by the new envoy, the initial review of Heaven Wasteland Domain had been completed. After receiving the reports from the seventy-one inspections, the alliance elders had come to the decision to allow Heaven Wasteland Domain to organize its own diplomatic corps. One month later, they were to come to the domain of where the Domain Alliance was situated, the [Ruins of Chaos], to formally accept the review of the Great Domain Alliance. They were to undergo the domain rating assessment which could take half a year, and fight for the future fate of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

The Domain Alliance did not make any further steps or any explanation as to what had happened to the inspection envoys who had disappeared in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

The Alliance elders seemed to have completely abandoned and were no longer trying to investigate the matter.

This matter had become a case of mystery.

The news spread, and all parties of Heaven Wasteland Domain finally breathed a sigh of relief.

Fortunately, the Domain Alliance did not pursue this matter further, otherwise the situation in Heaven Wasteland Domain would have been very bad.

But after the relief, they were worried again. The tremendous pressure finally came.

There was no doubt that the result of the rating will impact the ultimate fate of the countless creatures of all races in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Whether or not Heaven Wasteland Domain can develop independently in the future, or forced to become a subsidiary colony of other domains, will be at stake.

So the formation of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps was put on the agenda right away.

……

……

Imperial city Snow capital.

The Light Palace.

In the past year, Ye Qingyu had rarely made an appearance. He seldom went out of the Light City, but also did not shut himself away to cultivate for a long period of time. Every day he would go to the fire tree woods for a walk, and occasionally eat together with Wen Wan and the others. The majority of the time he spent resting in the Light Palace, like an ordinary person. At night, Ye Qingyu would do nothing, no longer practicing at every second, but just lie on the jade stone bed and sleep.

He was acting like a hermit——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 670:


Chapter 688, Ruins of chaos



Of course, the major events of Heaven Wasteland Domain would be known to Ye Qingyu right away.

Although Empress Yu Xiaoxing was busy with political affairs, but as before, every one month, she would remove the imperial armour, crown, the white dress, and come to the Light City to meet up with Ye Qingyu, even if it was just for half a day.

Only Yu Xiaoxing knew that, over the past year, the unstable factors of Heaven Wasteland Domain, the rebellious forces in the dark, and the branches of races against the imperial rule, as well as many difficult things and problems were secretly dealt with by Ye Qingyu.

More often, Ye Qingyu was reflecting.

He knew very clearly that, since his strength had reached the current boundary, it was already impossible for him to hope to have a large degree of breakthrough in a short period of time. He could only quietly rest, recuperate, and enhance his state of mind, in order to make progress, and to the greatest extent, bring out the strength that his body already possessed.

Because the power that Ye Qingyu had in his body was very terrifying.

His martial arts was extremely complex and varied. In addition to the ancient bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart], there were also the nameless breathing technique that was handed down and the skills imparted by the million-year-old mysterious divine soul awakened in the Snow Dragon Nest, as well as the deep meaning of the 108 ancient symbols from the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Adding to all this, he possessed the power of ice, lightning, and thunder. Although his destructive power was very strong, it was never systematic.

His combat power was strong, but he still had not achieved integration.

He had only been able to display less than half of the real power he had.

This led to Ye Qingyu's martial arts being filled with countless flaws, and not being completely integrated.

Usually Ye Qingyu could almost ignored these flaws as it may not cause much trouble for him, but if he wanted to advance further than the Immortal Step boundary, then he must, like a blacksmith, bit by bit, hammer out all the martial arts flaws of his body. By doing this, it would allow his martial arts, will, and combat power to integrate into one.

There had been many peerless geniuses in the past. There were even martial arts experts who had set foot on the quasi-martial arts emperor boundary, but as they were attacking the final martial arts throne, because of the flaws and gaps on them, they ultimately failed at the last hurdle, lost their cultivation base, and vanished from heaven and earth.

Ye Qingyu must not go down that road.

The good thing was that, for him, there was still time to achieve this.

With his cultivation reaching the Immortal Step boundary, Ye Qingyu needed a period of time to ponder over and to consider his future martial arts path.

To finally embark on the path of a true expert, Ye Qingyu must find his own unique martial arts path.

If he was to continue to follow the footsteps of his predecessors, walk along the path that others had already traveled, and passing off other people's opinions as his own, he perhaps may climb some mountain peaks and seize some scenery, but it was absolutely impossible to go to the absolute summit where there was an awe-inspiring view.

The Immortal Step boundary was an important step on the road of yuan qi martial arts.

Previously, Old Fish had said something similar to Ye Qingyu, and a year ago in Clear River Domain the Young Lord of the Immortal God Emperor Sect had also mentioned that before.

Therefore during this period of time, he had been pondering, been trying.

The organization of Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps naturally was left for the Empress Yu Xiaoxing to complete.

What Ye Qingyu needed to do was wait until everything was ready, and with his own choice of people, together enter the [Ruins of Chaos] where the Domain Alliance was situated, and fight for the independence of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

And the actual day came by very quickly.

Wu Zhao Empress Yu Xiaoxing acted very quickly, the preliminary list for Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps was placed on Ye Qingyu's table after the third day.

Ye Qingyu carefully considered the list, added some people, and also removed some people.

The day of departure to the [Ruins of Chaos] soon came.

Early in the morning, as the sun was slowly rising, after a grand and solemn ceremony, the 3,100 people selected for the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, led by Ye Qingyu and Empress Yu Xiaoxing, stepped into the Central Domain Gate and officially began the journey of fate.

……

A boundless world of nothingness.

The dark and boundless starry universe.

Deep, quiet, and without a trace of life force.

Here it was complete darkness, like an isolated, silent corner, and even more like a world existing independent of time and separated from space.

In the distant darkness there were starts constantly changing, flickering indefinitely and innumerable, as though they had been carefully cleaned and glittering.

No one could say exactly how big the world was on this side.

What mortals see, the situation was limited; what the extraordinary see, the things of the world were boundless.

In the dark void.

It was not completely empty.

A rectangular black rocky plaza of more than thousands of meters in radius and more than one meter thick was floating quietly.

In the ocean-like ruins domain, the strange black square was simply a black shadow as small as a sesame seed, quietly swimming between the stars, endlessly, like a little boat floating above a boundless ocean, with no purpose or direction.

The black rocky surface was covered with gullies, with a dark halo of light faintly penetrating from the rocks, and strange forces bubbling up in the rock layers.

On the square.

A layer of wind containing an incomparably tyrannical power wrapped the black plaza. The milky white wind layer was about three or four meters thick, soft and tranquil, and flowing with a terrifying power of laws.

And outside the wind layer, ashy grey chaotic mist of chaos was surging wildly, like tens of thousands of roaring dragons and wild beasts hovering in the perimeter of the wind layer, forming an erratic storm of chaos.

The storm, powerful and fierce, ripped apart the naturally derived stars outside the wind layer, and was mixed with the numerous star fragments.

The starry storm was like an ancient beast caught in a state of madness, roared and opened its ferocious mouth, revealing its hideous and terrifying fangs, and sought every opportunity to bite at the ruins domain.

On the North side of the rocky square stood a huge black stone gate that was a thousand meter high.

The black stone gate, made from some unknown material, radiated an ancient aura like it had gone through the great changes of the world. It had been standing for an unknown number of years and suffered the attack of time, but still looked very unadorned and unpretentious. It had not had additional carving and ornaments, just exuding a dark halo of light.

Under the light were a number of criss-cross blade markings.

These markings that had not faded with the passage of time, made the isolated black stone door appear older and more mysterious.

Below the stone gate.

Standing left and right of the stone gate like two stone statues were two seemingly strange but mysterious elders.

The old man on the left had a ruddy complexion, a strong body, and somewhat oversized. He was wearing a dark red robe similar to his hair colour, which snugly fit his body, like a quilt was draped over him.

His dark red hair was like a blazing flame on top of the old man's head, and with a pair of small eyes on his round and pale face, he looked like a chubby dough inlaid with two little charcoal briquettes, and his neck was hidden in the layers of fat.

The most bizarre thing was that his big, fat ears were almost at his shoulders. He was seven feet tall, but his round and bulging stomach seemed to have taken up three feet.

The chubby old man, like the Maitreya Buddha, was smiling all the time, and occasionally stroked his belly under the red robe. In this world of nothingness where there clearly was no warmth and climate, he was perspiring heavily, his forehead beaded with sweat, and looked extremely strange.

And beside him, there was another person. He had the exact opposite expression to the chubby old man. His face was cold and indifferent like a thousand-year-old ice. He was a nine foot tall, skinny, long eye browed elder.

The old man was clad in a water-blue robe, with a golden tassel belt strapped around his waist. His hair colour and brows were frosty white, covered with a bizarre cold aura. He stood there expressionless, motionless, more like a human statue carved from ice.

More bizarre was that the skin of the thin old man was in a state similar to a crystal, somewhat translucent, and the blood surging under the skin was also emitting a dark blue glow.

“Finally here...” The chubby old man was smiling as before, but his eyebrows were slightly knitted together, looking at the stone door from time to time.

The skinny old man gave no response, as though he had already fallen into a meditative state, motionless.

The chubby old man seemed to not mind in the slightest and said with a smiling expression, “Calculating the time, it is about right, hurry up...”

Clearly the two strange old men were waiting for someone.

After several moments——

A strange wave of power spread from the black stone door.

The originally black stone gate suddenly erupted out a silver brilliance, flashing into a silver liquid-like water screen, which gently rippled and shrouded the whole huge stone door completely. It was incomparably magnificent.

The ripples of water flickered.

Constantly there were people coming out of the water screen.

They were the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

The person in front, clothed in white, black hair draped over his back like a waterfall, handsome, exuding an Immortal aura, a roughly polished but incomparably glossy jade hairpin on his head, a white puppy sat crouching on his shoulders, glowing like a precious jade stone all over and radiated a refined and scholarly manner, was the strongest War God of Heaven Wasteland Domain, the Lord of Light Palace Ye Qingyu.

Immediately behind him was a beautiful woman

The woman wore a long dress with a golden and red pattern, and her fine black hair was drawn into a bun which was diagonally inserted with a golden hairpin dotted with blood-coloured gems. Her complexion was as bright as snow, like a lotus flower, remarkably beautiful and elegant. Her eyes were bright and sparkling like pearls, but with a hint of ice-coldness and the majesty of an Emperor. It was the Empress of Heaven Wasteland Imperial Court Yu Xiaoxing.

And behind them, Left Minister Qu Hanshan, Luo Yi, Ximen Yeshui, Wen Wan and other people also successively came out, looking at the world beyond the stone door with curious eyes——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 671:


Chapter 689, Need to break through the road of chaos

Finally from the giant stone gate of thousands of meters, a figure crept out in a neither fast nor slow speed, as though strolling around the garden, curiously observing the surrounding situation.

It was the Old Fish.

“Wow... this place... is the legendary Ruins Domain...” Silly dog impatiently jumped off Ye Qingyu's shoulder and dashed wild across the black rocky square while making a big fuss, “Woof thinks this black rock is a bit strange. I wonder if it tastes good, but this place is a bit shabby, there's nothing here!”

Old Fish brushed his beard, and couldn’t help nodding his head, looking a little stirred.

In addition to them, after crossing the domain gate, Ye Qingyu and the others were similarly very curious about the world.

Behind them, there were thousands of members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, composed of military generals and officials.

“Haha...I have been waiting for you.” The chubby elder immediately had a wide smile across his face when he saw the crowd appear, like the owner of a house warmly welcoming visitors.

“You are...”

“Who?”

“Who are you?”

“Watch out.”

Several voices rang in unison.

Before there was time to take a closer look at the Ruins Domain, the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic envoys were all left astounded. Previously, when they passed through the domain gate they were unable to sense the slightest fluctuations of yuan qi and aura.

If the chubby old man had not spoken, no one would have been able to perceive his presence.

Ye Qingyu was just as shocked.

Even with his current strength, he was not aware of the old man's existence, despite him standing clearly near him. There was only one possibility, the chubby old man's strength was far above that of him.

In his heart, he could not help but increase his vigilance.

The rest of the crowd also warily stared at the chubby old man.

“Don't be nervous, haha, look at me, I'm too happy that I forgot to introduce myself, I am [Yan Wushuang], this is my brother [Shuang Wuyan], we are the envoy elders of the Domain Alliance. We especially came to take you to the Chaos Sky City.” The chubby Elder Yan Wushuang pointed to the skinny elder, smiling foolishly.

Looking along the direction his fingers pointed to, it was only then the crowd noticed that on the other side of the stone door stood another old man, who seemed frozen, and so thin that he seemed to be only skin and bones.

Yan Wushuang?

Shuang Wuyan?

Brothers?

The crowd simultaneously studied the chubby old man and the thin old man from head to toe, and then turned to the chubby old man to reveal an expression of ‘are you sure you are not teasing us?’.

The chubby old man seemed accustomed to this. Paying no attention to the astonishment and suspicion in their eyes, he wiped the sweat on his forehead, and smiled, “Haha... us twin brothers major in ice and fire, the two extreme yuan forces, and our physical bodies are also extreme opposites, one fat and one thin. We received the order of the Domain Alliance to especially come pick you up...”

As he was speaking, the chubby old man Yan Wushuang handed the order seal for Ye Qingyu to see.

Ye Qingyu took the seal and found that it was blazing hot, like a steady stream of dark underground fire was emitting from the seal.

And what was engraved on the seal was indeed the symbol of the Domain Alliance that he had seen before in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Once again he studied the two elders beside the stone gate.

One fat and one thin.

One cold and one hot.

One as enthusiastic as fire, one as frosty cold as ice.

The extremely bizarre duo only had one similarity which was that their strengths were both extremely unfathomable, that even Ye Qingyu could not see through their true strength.

It seemed that their strength was well above his.

Ye Qingyu speculated, and dared not to be careless in the slightest. Returning the seal to old man Yan Wushuang, he asked in a cautious tone, “Elder Yan, excuse me for my lack of manners... it seems like only two elders came to collect us? Or do we have to wait a little longer?”

“Hahaha... I know what you mean, but the people in the Ruins Domain are really only two of us. Come, we'll talk as we go.” The chubby old man Yan Wushuang's attitude was extremely friendly, smiling all along while showing the way across the black rocky square. “This is the welcoming square of the chaos ruins. According to the rules of the Domain Alliance, only us two come to collect the diplomatic corps of the domain being assessed, but we are only responsible for your safety, and as for the difficult problems you encounter along the way, it is up to you to deal with them.”

The others followed.

Only Old Fish was lagging behind the crowd, looking at the chubby and thin elders with a ruminative look on his face.

“Huh? What's going on... why does it feel so familiar!” Silly dog was constantly sniffing a rock next to the black stone door and persistently scratching something, and when he saw that everyone had gone, lifted his leg and left a few drops of urine on the rock layer, “First, I need to make a mark...”

The people who were marching ahead heard the movement, looked back, and then one after another covered their faces when they saw the silly dog, and walked ahead at a faster pace.

The two envoy elders also stumbled, looking at the dog not knowing what to say.

Under the guidance of the envoy elders, the crowd made it across the other side of the welcoming square.

Along the way, the chubby old man Yan Wushuang was extremely enthusiastic, introducing the [Ruins of Chaos] in detail to Ye Qingyu and the others.

The storm of chaos, which protected the Ruins Domain, was generated from the power of chaos of a former martial arts emperor, and the Ruins Domain was the only channel used to reach the Domain Alliance.

The so-called Ruins Domain did not refer to a domain formed by nature, which was different from Heaven Wasteland Domain, Clear River Domain and Qian Yuan Domain.

The [Ruins of Chaos] Domain was a tremendous world created in the chaotic void by the top experts and martial emperors in the great world, known as the Chaos Ruins, and was now the location of the Domain Alliance.

The Domain Alliance headquarters was located in a huge city called Chaos Sky City.

Since ancient times, the diplomatic corps of the domain being assessed needed to go to Chaos Sky City to participate in the final rating assessment.

In the crowd.

Wen Wan, listening carefully to Yan Wushuang's introduction, could not help trembling slightly.

He walked alongside the thin old man Shuang Wuyan, and the wisps of frost and chill spreading out was exceedingly strange. Despite resisting with all his strength, he still felt the chill penetrating through the skin and the seven apertures of the head and deep into the bones. It was as though he was thrown into a thousand-year-old ice lake.

The thin old man Shuang Wuyan seemed as though he did not notice an abnormality from Wen Wan. Not only did he not speak, he did not glance at anyone in the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. He walked ahead, expressionless, as if he was not in the same space as the other people.

On the other hand, the chubby old man Yan Wushuang led the way and amiably explained some matters of the domain assessment that Ye Qingyu and other people need to pay attention to. They really were two extremes.

“You mean that we are going to Chaos Sky City now?” Yu Xiaoxing captured the main point of chubby old man Yan Wushuang’s words and issued a question.

“No, no, no, not that fast...” Yan Wushuang waved his hand at once. “From here to the Chaos Sky City, there is only one road, called the road of chaos. This road goes through nineteen cities, and each city has a different test. Only when you pass through these nineteen cities within the allowed allocated time limit can you be said to have really reached the Chaos Sky City.”

“Allocated time limit?” Ye Qingyu eyes flashed.

“Yes, one month, it can be less, but not more.” Chubby old Yan Wushuang stretched out one of his fat fingers, waving it in front of the crowd, and still smiling as always.

In one months time, walk through nineteen cities, face all kinds of tests, and break through the path of chaos. Only then will they arrive at Chaos Sky City.

Everybody of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps immediately understood the meaning of Yan Wushuang's words.

“If it is... more than one month, or if one failed during one of the tests?” Left Minister Qu Hanshan’s eyes flashed a grave expression.

“Expulsion.” The thin old man, who had not said a single word from the start, boomed in a resounding voice, like a thousand-year-old ice had all of a sudden burst out of his mouth.

What?!

Expulsion?!

To where?

What about the domain assessment?!

The crowd was aghast and looked at the two envoy elders in disbelief.

“Haha... it is true... if you do not pass the test in the set time limit, then that means the strength of the domain to be assessed does not meet the rating requirements, you will be expelled to your domain. As such, your domain has failed the assessment.” The chubby old man scratched his tall flame-like hair, then as though suddenly remembered something, said in an enthusiastic tone to encourage the crowd, “However, I have faith in you, do not be discouraged!”

As he was speaking, he furtively cast a glance at Ye Qingyu who was nearest to him.

Ever since the Heaven Wasteland Domain’s diplomatic envoys stepped into the chaos ruins, he and his twin brother Shuang Wuyan had already sensed that among them, the one most powerful, talented, and the one with the best power of understanding was Ye Qingyu.

Coupled with some of the previous rumours about Ye Qingyu in Clear River Domain and Heaven Wasteland Domain, he quite admired the genius youngster.

No wonder the two envoy elders mentioned that they were only responsible for safety issues.

They would not interfere with how to deal with the tests of the various cities along the way, no matter whether they were successful or not. They would only act if there was life-threatening danger.

After learning the news, the atmosphere turned a little strange and quiet.

All the people of Heaven Wasteland Domain had a ruminative expression across their faces.

The chubby old man Yan Wushuang wanted to speak several times, but he swallowed his words in the end.

But the skinny old man Shuang Wuyan, in the cold and silent atmosphere, his frosty aura made Wen Wan shudder uncontrollably. As if what he breathed through the nose had turned to white frost, and there was even a thin layer of frost formed on his clothes.

Wen Wan cast a glance at Left Minister Qu Hanshan and Luo Yi, who were closest to him, gently sighed, and dismissed the idea of changing positions. He continued to bear the frost of Shuang Wuyan to the end.

Ten minutes later.

The crowd came to the other end of plaza, where a four-hundred-meter-high wooden door appeared in front of everyone——





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 672:


Chapter 690, Storm Martial Emperor



The huge wooden door and wooden frame were extremely thick, not like ordinary wood, and dark in colour. Under the illumination of the distant stars, the dark colour was glittering, as if something had whizzed past. It looked incomparably ancient. The deep brown markings were unexpectedly glowing like black gems, like there was a vague life force waiting to come out, but was confined in the wooden frame. Upon a more careful look, there were small green buds growing between the wood markings.

“The nineteen levels of the road of chaos. This is the entrance to the first city. Once you walk through this door, you really are on the road of chaos. There may be many obstacles along the way, take care.” The chubby old man seemed to have finally found the opportunity to speak, smiled at Ye Qingyu and the others behind him.

Everybody looked at the huge wooden door carefully with a slight solemn look.

At least in Heaven Wasteland Domain, there absolutely wasn’t such a huge tree to be found to make a giant door of more than four hundredmeters high.

“Woof! Quickly go, quickly, its one month, don’t waste time, woof will lead the way!” The silly dog suddenly drilled out of the crowd and flew towards the door.

“Wait...” The fat old man waved his hand in panic.

But as soon as he uttered a word, he heard a gallop, and the fat body of silly dog had passed through the wooden door and fell hard on the black rock on the other side of the door.

The others couldn't help bursting into laughter.

“Woof! Hurt! This...” Silly dog twitched about his limbs, trying to get up for a long while. Then turned his head toward Yan Wushuang, grinned with pain, revealing his milky white teeth, and roared, “Fat old man, why is it like this? It hurts, you, don’t tell me you are deliberately teasing us?”

“No, no, no, little dog, you misunderstood, not like that, this door is located at the beginning of the Ruins Domain. It is the first guarded checkpoint, ordinary people cannot enter. You need our seal to open it...” Yan Wushuang's temper was too good, smiling as he explained. And as he was speaking, his face was beaded with sweat, like he had just jumped out of the water.

What was strange was that, although the chubby old man’s round face was soaked in sweat, his clothes were dry and did not show a bead of sweat.

At the same time, the frozen statue-like Shuang Wuyan finally reached the front of the crowd.

He and Yan Wushuang each took out half a seal of ice and fire respectively, and affixed it to the wooden doorframe.

The next moment, a blast of ice and fire spread from the seal and covered the wooden door. Totems and statues similar to ancient symbols instantly surfaced on the originally extremely smooth edge of the doorframe. Like it was lit up all of a sudden, they were lifelike, and full of a sacred and majestic imposing manner.

The totems, fused with ice and fire, erupted in a burst of silver and red light.

In a flash.

A water screen, like a silver waterfall pouring down, suddenly emerged over the door.

In the water screen, vortexes of ice and fire that were constantly changing shapes and intersecting were frantically surging towards the center of the doorframe, as though it wantedto suck in everything into the vortex.

The first door of the Ruins Domain was finally opened to the people of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

“Go.” The skinny old man Shuang Wuyan was the first to step through the water screen, expressionless.

“Haha, right, come on, everybody, I know you're in a hurry.” The chubby old man Yan Wushuang grinned, fingers pointing to the water screen splashing out silvery light, but did not reveal the slightest of what was behind the door.

Ye Qingyu looked at the water screen in front of him, incredibly astounded.

Because vaguely he could feel that the fire and ice in the water screen unexpectedly contained a hint of the power of laws of fire and ice.

The crowd followed the skinny old man, entering through the giant door in succession.

“And you little fellow, let's go.” Chubby old man Yan Wushuang crouched down to pick up silly dog Little Nine who was growling in fury, held him in his arms, and turned toward the water screen.

“Woof woof!” Silly dog struggled discontentedly, but was still unable to free himself from the chubby old man's hands.

Ye Qingyu also followed.

The moment he stepped through the water screen, his eyes blurred, his body felt lighter, and he fell into nothingness.

But in the blink of an eye, there was another flash of brilliance and his feet firmly stepped on the ground.

A boundless and barren desert of about several thousands of miles came into view.

Lonely, desolate, and bleak.

It was a new world different from the dark and empty welcoming plaza from before.

In the distance of the barren land, there was an imposing yellow city like an immemorial sacred mountain, looming in the yellow misty sky, like a mirage.

The giant city was like a giant guarding the center of the barren desert world.

With everybody’s eyesight, even from afar, they could see that in this huge city there was an imposing building that towered into the sky.

At the top of the towering building there was a crown-like structure that was about four hundred or five hundred meters in diameter, peculiar in shape, and emitting a golden glow, like it was constructed from pure gold. It resembled a sun illuminating the world. The golden rays of light, which contained a strange power, were the light source of this desert, illuminating the barren land like the sun in daytime.

And tense of thousand of meters above the tremendous city, there was also a layer of silvery wind, similar to the one in the welcoming plaza. It was about a hundred meters thick, like a glass shield shrouding the giant city together with the people in the desert. Outside the wind layer was the lonely and dark universe void, as well as the endless storm of chaos, the space of death of star fragments.

The silver wind layer guarded the land.

Without it, the desert, along with the tremendous city, would have been destroyed in an instant.

Ye Qingyu's cultivation was the highest, and he could also see the clearest.

He was certain that the silver wind layer as well as the desert were by no means formed naturally. Rather, an unfathomably almighty person had reversed the rules of the universe with the supreme power of laws, in order to build such a world in the middle of the storm of chaos.

Who was it that could achieve such a thing that defied the heavenly law?

Could it be the legendary martial arts emperor?

The astonishment within Ye Qingyu’s heart was indescribable.

This was the first city of the nineteen cities on the road of chaos.

He already had a faint grasp of what this just meant.

“Haha, well, finally arrived, you see, this huge city in front of you is the first of the nineteen chaos cities, called [Sunrise City], which is named after the person who established the city,” finally came the voice of the chubby old man Yan Wushuang from the water screen.

Although the chubby old man had a round figure, but he was exceptionally agile and not clumsy at all.

Silly dog Little Nine finally struggled free from the old man’s arms, like a bag hanging on the chubby old man's wrist while his little white teeth firmly gripped onto the old man's wrist, growling. It was clear that he was furious and was not going to let go. The old man simply stood there with a helpless expression across his face.

Ximen Yeshui who was teasing his parrot also felt a light pain at his heel when he saw this scene.

He looked gloatingly at the chubby old man and could not help remembering the miserable experience back in the Formation Emperor Luo Su’s palace when the silly dog bit onto his heels for several days and was unwilling to let go.

“The person who built this city...” A glint of astonishment flashed in the eyes of Empress Ye Xiaoxing.

She looked at the distant awe inspiring [Sunrise City], which was standing in the distance like an imposing giant, and could not help opening her mouth to ask, “Elder, you mean this huge city was not built from the collective efforts of countless former sages, but the power of one person?”

“Yes, this city was built by one person, overnight. There have also been evildoers and almighty ones, as well as sacred ones among the later generation who had occasionally repaired the city, but those were only minor repairs... This giant city was personally created by His highness Ou Xuri with a lot of effort.” The chubby old Yan Wushuang smiled.

In his tone of voice there was undisguised respect.

On the other side, Shuang Wuyan, who was like a block of ice and as if everyone in the world owed him a lot of money, when he saw the huge city in the middle of the isolated desert, took on a respectful and solemn expression.

“Ou Xuri... His highness?” Ye Qingyu exclaimed.

After he had read the bamboo scrolls of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, he had a better understanding of the great wide world and the Domain Alliance, and vaguely felt that the name Ou Xuri seemed a little familiar, as if he had heard of it before. For a moment he did not respond.

However, there was an inexplicable sense of familiarity with the name.

“Hahaha... the name Ou Xuri may be a little unfamiliar to you, if I say his honorific title... I'm sure you would know.” The Chubby old man Yang Wushuang rubbed his belly, revealing a proud smile on his simple face.

“What honorific title?” Wen Wan was very curious.

“Storm Martial Emperor.” The skinny old man Shuang Wuyan, who was unwilling to say a word all along, stated loud and clear.

Before his voice faded.

Everybody was frozen.

Including Ye Qingyu.

After a long while, a number of incredibly shocked voices sounded.

“Storm Martial Emperor!”

“The Storm Martial Emperor of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors at the top of the Human Race?”

“Heavens.”

“This huge city was founded by a martial arts emperor of the Human Race?”

The people of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps found it hard to contain their emotions. In everyone's heart, there was a sense of belonging bubbling forth. The Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, as the most powerful people in the history of the Human Race, as well as the spiritual pillar and pillar of strength for the Human Race to be able to survive among the three thousand domains and the thousands of races, all had an incomparable weight in the hearts of every human.

Although Heaven Wasteland Domain was a small domain that had just begun to try to integrate into the great wide world, the legends and great miracles about the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors had long been circulating. The stories of their heroic achievements were frequently heard and repeated in detail among Human Race martial artists——and even the civilians of the Human Race.

It was a pity that no one of Heaven Wasteland Domain had ever seen the historical relics of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors.

When they suddenly heard that the giant city in front was built by the Storm Emperor of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, everybody could not wait to visit the place——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

