Chapter 793:


Chapter 810 - Perish Together?



Most people would not have been able to identify what it was, but for top-level experts such as Great Saint Zhong Yuan, he knew with just one look that this red fire was the legendary [Red Lotus Hellfire], which had the power to burn everything.

Once ignited, this flame could burn anything into ashes. Even the Great Saint would not be spared from its power.

Every living thing that walked in this universe would not be spared from the trappings of the mortal world and would be tainted with karma. When it came to experts such as Great Saint Zhong Yuan, he must have killed many opponents and encountered lots of good fortune to become a Great Saint. Therefore, his karmic debt would be as high as a mountain and he would never be able to escape. Any living thing that had karma would immediately be burnt to dust by the power of laws once the [Red Lotus Hellfire] touched them. This had nothing to do with how powerful the individual was.

According to legend, only divine beings with some self-restraint, newborns who had yet to be tainted by karma, or the ultimate Saints with impeccable morals and conduct would not be afraid of being burned by this [Red Lotus Hellfire]. They would be able to walk freely through it as though they were walking on air.

The Black Moon Divine Palace had committed many crimes, and therefore, its karmic debt was as plentiful as the sand in the Ganges River. Once the [Red Lotus Hellfire] came upon it, flames roared through the Black Moon Divine Palace's representative station as though kindled by oil. Hundreds of experts within the representative station caught fire and screamed piteously as they tried to escape, but to no avail. They were burnt into dust and their ashes disappeared into the Void.

"Ah..."

"Help!"

"No!"

"[Rebirth Golden Lotus]... protect me... Ah! What are these flames? Why can't my divine item block them? I don't want to die..."

All sorts of screams and cries could be heard from the representative station of the Black Moon Divine Palace.

Human torches dashed around all across the place.

Those who were outside, including Great Saint Zhong Yuan and Master Zhu, felt their hearts sink.

No one dared to rush into the place to kill Ye Qingyu or to save their comrades. This was especially so in the case of Master Zhu since he was someone who enjoyed hatching devious plots. Therefore, his karmic debt was even greater than Great Saint Zhong Yuan, who had killed countless people. Furthermore, he was not yet a Saint, so he obviously could not afford to risk it.

"Bastard, why are you not stopping this... Stop it!" Great Saint Zhong Yuan bellowed angrily as he gnashed his teeth.

He then released a long chain of formations from his body, which shone with mysterious divine splendor, protecting those around him.

Those who had been lying in wait inside were all the top experts from the Black Moon Divine Palace and many experts who had been invited from the various other sects and forces. At least one-third of the Black Moon Divine Palace's elite experts were inside, and now that the [Red Lotus Hellfire] had come upon them, the chances of anyone making it out alive were close to zero. This was probably a hundred years worth of yuan qi burned off from the Black Moon Divine Palace.

"Hahaha. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. As such inhumane jackals, do you even feel pain?" Ye Qingyu laughed maniacally with rage. His laughter rang out from the depths of the hellfire and was filled with rage, murderous intent, and the need for vengeance.

"Stop it. You..." Great Saint Zhong Yuan felt his heart squeeze in pain. "Let's have a civil discussion. Let us talk this out."

For someone like this old man who had developed such a strong attachment to the Black Moon Divine Palace and who thought of the palace as his own family, the scene in front of him was unbearable, especially as he could only watch helplessly as these people went up in flames one by one before turning into ashes. These were the elite experts who had been painstakingly groomed by the Black Moon Divine Palace. Over the years, the Black Moon Divine Palace had been secretly cultivating and grooming these talents with the help of several forces, and these elite experts could have turned them into a top force. However, after this hellfire, at least half of their efforts had come to naught.

He knew that even if he rushed out, he would not be able to save any of them and might even be trapped within.

"Hahaha. Old dog, did you just ask to talk things through? Are you kidding me?" Ye Qingyu's figure was barely discernible through the red flames. He was not affected by the flames since he was under the protection of the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. He was like an avenging death god who had crawled out of hell, and wherever he went, he left a trail of bodies burning in his wake, screaming in pain. His anger-filled voice reverberated across the land. "So, now you want to have a civil discussion? Why did you not think of doing so when you ruthlessly slaughtered the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission? When they begged for mercy before they were killed; when those pitiful women were defiled by you bastard and died without their chastity and dignity; why did the thought of having a civil discussion not cross your mind? I've had enough. Today is the day where all you inhumane bastards will experience the true meaning of karma. I have reined in my anger and my urge to kill over the past three days and did not kill a single person even as I sealed your representative stations. To me, the Black Moon Divine Palace was a human sect and I thought that there might have been some within the sect who were innocent and that they only acted in such a manner because they were deceived or hoodwinked by that bastard Yang Wanqu. However, what happened next? You old dog, how dare you even think of sticking the heads of your fellow humans on poles in order to force me to show myself? All of you no longer have a shred of conscience. You are just a pack of dogs and pigs who deserve to rot in hell... Therefore, let us all perish together. May you be baptized in this [Red Lots Hellfire] and cleanse yourself of your evil deeds. As for me, the fact that I have single-handedly managed to wipe away centuries of your efforts makes this all worth it. Hahahaha!"

His voice was magnified by yuan qi and thus echoed throughout all of Falcon City.

Countless living creatures across the city heard the condemnation and rage in his voice.

Everyone could feel his rage and grief and could also clearly sense his readiness to perish along with the Black Moon Divine Palace.

Everyone was stunned.

Regardless of what was right or wrong and regardless of what Ye Qingyu had done in the past, whether or not he was a malicious troublemaker as the Black Moon Divine Palace had made him out to be, at that moment, everyone was moved by the grief and anger in his voice. To all these people, Ye Qingyu was a tragic hero and a fearless, outstanding young man.

This was a tragedy to this solemn and stirring young man.

Great Saint Zhong Yuan's face alternated between turning pale and flushing red.

In fact, he had not really agreed with the palace master's decision to ambush the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission.

Unfortunately, he did not have the authority to put a stop to it.

Furthermore, this was a great opportunity for the Black Moon Divine Palace. This was an opportunity for them to rise, an opportunity that their ancestors had searched so hard for. Therefore, Zhong Yuan finally gave his approval for the mission because his desire for his sect to rise outweighed the guilt that he felt in harming his fellow humans of the Heaven Wasteland.

However, as he stared at the flames that filled the air, he suddenly started to waver.

Was it truly right to have done such a thing in pursuit of the rise of my sect?

As he looked at the scene in front of him, he felt as though he was caught in a trap of his own making.

Layers of formations and traps as well as countless restraints had been laid out within the representative station of the Black Moon Divine Palace in order to ambush Ye Qinyu. The representative station was now virtually impregnable and would be an iron prison to Ye Qingyu, but wouldn't it be the same to the elite experts within it?

Everyone was running about in a state of panic, and in that chaos, those who had been controlling the restraining formation had either died or fled.

These formations could not stop the [Red Lotus Hellfire] as it continued on its warpath.

As things stood, the majority of the thousands of Black Moon Divine Palace's elite force would not be able to escape at all. They were already starting to find themselves trapped in the chaotic formations within the area and could only watch helplessly as their bodies were consumed by the [Red Lotus Hellfire]. They cried out and then they were turned into ashes...

Great Saint Zhong Yuan's eyes flashed and he clenched his jaw so hard that his teeth were almost crushed.

He was already starting to regret his actions.

A myriad of expressions flashed across Master Zhu's face as well.

However, he soon managed to calm himself down.

A cold smile appeared on his thin face and his eyes turned cruel and terrifying.

He paused for a moment, then approached Great Saint Zhong Yuan and said, "It's too late to turn back now that the arrow has left the bow. This might have turned out a little differently compared to what we had expected, but the result was what we were expecting. Since this idiot wishes to perish alongside us, let us grant him his wish. As long as Ye Qingyu dies, it doesn't matter how he died, the sect will still see it as a great accomplishment. With the support of that person, we would be able to build back what we have lost today in a matter of three to four years. This is a critical moment, so you mustn't waver!"

Zhong Yuan was shaken by those words.

Only then did he realize what a fix the Black Moon Divine Palace was in.

It was impossible for them to back down.

The only way forward was to advance, not retreat.

Although he did not like Master Zhu's deviousness and maliciousness, he had to admit that Master Zhu was right.

He did not have time to think any further.

"Lay out the [Black Moon Pentagon Immortal Trap Formation] and lock this area down," Zhong Yuan said with a sigh as he turned to the five Saints beside him. "After the flames have been quenched, all you will need to do is to retrieve that bastard's body. As for the rest, I will answer to the palace master myself and bear all responsibility for all that has happened. No one else will be held accountable for this."

"As you wish."

"We are willing to share the blame with the Highest Elder."

The five Saints of the Black Moon Divine Palace felt almost the same way as Zhong Yuan. They had nothing further to add now that they were in such a situation. They transformed into flowing lights and flickered constantly before they reappeared, taking their places in five spots that surrounded the representative station. At the same time, they clenched their fists in the Void and a mysterious divine weapon that resembled a black moon appeared in their hands with a flash of black splendor. They all had varying shapes—some were as round as a full moon, some were shaped like a half moon, while others were only as small as a new moon—but they were all imbued with a mysterious power. Under the control of the five Saints, a ray of dazzling black splendor burst forth from these five divine weapons and they constantly intersected and shattered across the sky above the representative point to finally form a large black web, completely sealing the surrounding area of the representative point.

This was to prevent Ye Qingu from escaping.

The [Black Moon Pentagon Immortal Trap Formation] was the strongest formation of the Black Moon Divine Palace and was said to have the ability to even trap Immortals and demons. The Vast Thousand Domains had once been in awe of this formation, but following the decline of the Black Moon Divine Palace, the mystery behind the formation was no longer complete. However, even though the formation was not complete, it still had the ability to trap experts who were at the Great Saint level.

These five Saints had deliberately kept their distance in order to avoid the [Red Lotus Hellfire].

"Dear all, today marks a catastrophe for the Black Moon Divine Palace and thus, we must kill Ye Qingyu. I hope that no one will try to stop us or you will be my eternal enemy. I will bring him down even if I die doing so," Great Saint Zhong Yuan said ruthlessly as he stood in the middle of the formation. He spoke authoritatively as he was worried that Ye Qingyu's accomplice might attempt to rush into the formation with the final bit of [Red Lotus Hellfire]. Although the chance of that happening was low, he wanted to make sure he took all precautions.

Time flew by.

In an instant, thirty minutes had passed.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 794:


Chapter 811 - The Biggest Mistake



The fiery red flames in the Black Moon Divine Palace's representative station were slowly starting to go out.

The [Red Lotus Hellfire] might have been terrifying, but ultimately, it was just a form of fire. Thus, without anything to burn, it would naturally start to go out. Everyone within the representative station whose bodies were tainted with karma all caught fire. Those with a heavy karmic debt were immediately turned to ashes while those with an average karmic debt were also unable to withstand the terrifying flames and died from serious injuries. The weaker ordinary martial artists had low karmic debts and thus the burns that they sustained were not as serious. Nonetheless, they had also fainted, so even if they were not dead, they would not be able to last long either.

The flames gradually grew weaker.

Those who were watching from the outside could still glimpse what was going on through the black web radiance of the [Black Moon Pentagon Immortal Trap Formation]. When they saw the end result, those who sympathized with Ye Qingyu let out a sigh.

"It's such a pity. This young man is definitely a remarkable talent. If he survives past today, he could go on to achieve great things in the future. He was a rare talent amongst the Human Race but now, he is bound to be killed by his fellow humans, the Black Moon Divine Palace."

"You're right. Indeed, it's remarkable he was so powerful considering that he was born in such a lowly domain. He must have been blessed with great fortune, but that aside, his innate talent must have been equally extraordinary. It's such a pity that he could not rein in his brashness and that he allowed his rage to get to him. After he revealed himself, it's just as though a tiger had descended the hills to enter the plains. He doesn't stand a chance now."

"His speech earlier was filled with grief. The Black Moon Divine Palace has really gone too far this time. Why would they attack the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission when they were fellow humans? It is truly baffling."

"How odd. Didn't the Black Demon Race, the Phoenix Race, and Hurricane City all voice their support for Ye Qingyu? How can they just stand by and watch as this young man dies tragically? Won't they try to save him?"

"This is likely just a power game between the large forces. These large forces were probably never really in this young man's camp and were only using him to send a message to the forces backing the Black Moon Divine Palace. When they noticed how things were developing, they ultimately decided against helping Ye Qingyu."

"Yes, that makes sense. I felt that Ye Qingyu was a scheming fellow and tried to use his life to force the hand of the large forces who supported him. Unfortunately, he has overestimated his own worth and couldn't force the hand of the Black Demon Race, the Phoenix Race, nor Hurricane City. This one miscalculation will bring about his downfall."

All across the Void, on the ground, and the surrounding buildings, people started to reveal themselves. These experts greeted their friends, and as they spoke in low voices, they lamented the tragic fate of this young man. Those amongst the crowd who supported the Black Moon Divine Palace were all delighted by this development.

"Haha, this kid was like an ant trying to topple a mighty tree and had ridiculously overestimated himself. Ultimately, he is just a peasant from a lowly domain and is as good as dead."

"He's already so calculating and scheming at such a young age. He deserves to die."

"Why are there even people lamenting the fate of this lowly peasant? Are they all blind? He killed close to a thousand experts within the representative station. This shows how cruel and ruthless he is. A troublemaker like that should have been exterminated earlier."

The crowd was all abuzz, just like water coming to boil.

However, the atmosphere was now a lot more relaxed as compared to an hour ago.

Through the black radiance of the [Black Moon Pentagon Immortal Trap Formation], they could clearly see the final wisp of the [Red Lotus Hellfire] go out. However, its terrifying burning power remained, and the Void wobbled slightly as though it was about to melt. Surprisingly, most of the buildings remained intact. The buildings that were destroyed had mostly been destroyed by the experts who struggled in their last moments to fend off the flames.

Many experts who had chosen to hide in the Void also revealed themselves.

A greedy glint glimmered in the eyes of several experts.

By this time, most people were already aware of Ye Qingyu's identity and his good fortune. In particular, the legend of how he had managed to survive past the 18th district of the Black Demon Pool made him a walking target to many experts and forces. These ambitious and evil people had dared to attempt to assassinate the young master of the Sinful Pit and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, so Ye Qingyu was nothing to them.

Since Ye Qingyu was doomed to die, then the treasures on his body would no longer belong to anyone. If they openly snatched his treasures now, they would not risk offending a terrifying figure like [Quasi-Emperor Xiaofei] either. This was a crucial moment and those who had been waiting for the standoff to come to an end would not sit by idly while the Black Moon Divine Palace helped themselves to his treasures.

Gradually, many experts from the various races who possessed extraordinarily powerful auras soundlessly inched their way toward the [Black Moon Pentagon Immortal Trap Foundation]. None of them spoke but their intent was clear.

Master Zhu sensed that danger was approaching.

Great Saint Zhong Yuan's brows creased as well.

"A word of warning to all: please refrain from making a grave mistake." Zhong Yuan's gaze was as sharp as a knife as he looked at the figures who crept toward the formation. He shot the crowd a warning look as he said, "The plan we have laid out to kill Ye Qingyu was not formulated by the Black Moon Divine Palace alone. The forces who lent their support to this plan are stronger than you could ever imagine, and even the Black Moon Divine Palace would not be eligible to take the treasures from this troublemaker. Everyone, none of you can afford to get yourselves involved in this. If you don't wish to die or for your families to be ruined, please leave now."

The approaching crowd all halted at his words.

Some started to waver but others only paused for a moment before inching their way forward again.

"Hehe, I don't have much longer to live and have only got one breath left in me. My family and friends are all dead and if I can't obtain the rare elixirs from this troublemaker, I will be dead in a few days. Why would I be afraid of vengeance? Hehe…" Someone let out a frightful cackle. His aura was terrifying and he was not weaker than Great Saint Zhong Yuan, but death qi circled his body. It was clear that this was a powerful expert who was reaching the end of his lifespan.

"You're right. Hehe, we can't give this golden opportunity up, we might never have the chance again…" someone else cackled. His laughter was as bone-chilling as the sound of a Night Owlet monster and his aura was equally powerful. His figure was hidden within a grey mist that obscured his features but it did not hide his ghastliness.

Boom!

Someone immediately attacked the [Black Moon Pentagon Immortal Trap Formation] from the outside. The attacking force was extremely powerful and the black web radiance quivered. The person who had attacked was extremely powerful and was at the Great Saint level.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

More and more experts started to mercilessly attack the formation in increasing numbers, unleashing terrifying power that chaotically shot out in all directions. In an instant, the [Black Moon Pentagon Immortal Trap Formation] faced attacks from all directions and the five Saints who had been reinforcing the formation turned pale as blood flowed from their mouths.

This formation had the ability to trap the enemy within it but it was susceptible to attacks from the outside. Most importantly, those who had attacked the formation were all extremely powerful and none of them were weaker than the five Saints. Since these people had ruthlessly attacked the formation with the intent of destroying it, the force from these attacks was not something the five Saints could deal with.

The [Black Moon Pentagon Immortal Trap Formation] showed signs of collapsing.

Master Zhu's face changed at the sight of this.

This was not part of his plan. He had not counted on Ye Qingyu killing all those who were lying in wait within the representative station, so he could not react in time to the events thereafter…

Great Saint Zhong Yuan thought quickly.

His figure flashed and he flew toward the center of the representative station.

Since he could not stop the frenzied experts outside, he would make the first move and strip Ye Qingyu of all his treasures. Regardless of what happened next, these artifacts could not fall into the hands of the others, especially that cauldron of his.

At the same time—

Boom!

The [Black Moon Pentagon Immortal Trap Formation] was finally shattered.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The crowd frantically rushed toward the center of the representative station. They were all afraid that others would get there first and even started to exchange blows in midair, killing their fellow treasure hunters.

In the distance—

There were several figures who stopped to observe the action unfolding.

"Sigh, what a pity."

"This young man is doomed."

"Those treasures in his possession landed him in trouble. Perhaps the Black Moon Divine Palace had attacked the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission for the very treasures he possessed as well."

Someone sighed.

At the same time, around thirty figures had entered the Black Moon Divine Palace's representative station and joined the frenzied melee.

"Where is it?"

"Why can't I find it?"

"The cauldron is mine…"

"Everyone, all I need is an elixir that can extend my lifespan. I don't need anything else…"

There was chaos all around.

Around this time, some people started to realize that Ye Qingyu, who should have been burned to death, was now nowhere to be found. As hard as they searched the surrounding area, they could not find a trace of him, as though he had never been there.

"Was he burned to ashes?"

Some were stunned.

However, something unexpected suddenly happened.

Boom!

The [Red Lotus Hellfire], which had gone out earlier, suddenly exploded without warning from the Void. This time, it raged more violently than before and was much more terrifying than the flames he had unleashed earlier. It enveloped the entire representative station, and those who were within the station were all engulfed in flames.

"Ah… what is going on?"

"Oh no, we have fallen into his trap."

"Damn!"

Horrified cries rang out all around.

The crowd finally discovered a giant cauldron which was thousands of meters tall floating in the Void. [Red Lotus Hellfire] spewed crazily from the mouth of the cauldron and the troublemaker who should have been burned to death stood proudly on one of the handles. His white robes were as pure as snow and scorn and pity could be seen on his face as he surveyed the chaos.

“You little punk… you tricked us!”

"I can't believe he still has some of that Hellfire left."

"Goddamnit…" an expert who was at the Great Saint level blurted out a curse. "This bastard deliberately led us all into a trap. He means to kill us all. How ambitious of him."

Those Saint-level experts could not figure out how they missed spotting the giant cauldron. They could not understand how this troublemaker had laid out his plans in such a way that they were rendered completely defenseless.

Great Saint Zhong Yuan's face was immediately leeched out of all its color.

His heart truly sank this time.

He truly realized that he had made a huge mistake.

He had underestimated his opponent.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 795:


Chapter 812 - Ruthless



The price he would have to pay for his mistake was complete and utter defeat.

By the time Great Saint Zhong Yuan came to this realization, it was too late.

This time, the [Red Lotus Hellfire] was many times more violent than what he had unleashed earlier. If Ye Qingyu had only scattered a few embers into the representative station earlier, then this time, he had truly unleashed the heinous flames that now consumed the entire representative station and the surrounding dozen kilometers. The experts from the various races who had been lured by their greed into the area were not spared and they were all caught in the flames of the Hellfire.

In a matter of a few seconds, the bright red flames had latched onto dozens of people.

"Ah..."

"No! Help!"

"Let's run."

The representative station had only been silent for less than fifteen minutes before screams and wails filled the air once again. Several lower-level Saint experts were the first batch to catch on fire. They struggled with all their might and used all sorts of methods, including treasures and magical artifacts, to extinguish the [Red Lotus Hellfire] that consumed them, but to no avail...

A mysterious scent of burning incense filled the air.

The [Red Lotus Hellfire] burned karma and cleansed this universe of its karmic debt. It burned not the physical body but the karmic debt accumulated by the soul. Therefore, as it burned, it did not release the typical nasty burning smell, but instead, released the scent of incense burning, as though heavenly maidens were scattering blossoms. The scene was both tragic and beautiful and would be seared into the memory of those who had witnessed it.

"Ah...." a cry rang out.

This was the final wail of an elderly Saint-level expert. His achievements had once astounded a small part of the universe and he had dictated the destinies of countless people, but ultimately lost his life to the burning flames. He turned into ashes and disappeared into the Void.

Several people whose bodies had caught fire screamed and yelled as they continued to struggle helplessly.

"Bastard, stop this at once!"

A figure enveloped by a treacherous mist shot up into the air and charged toward Ye Qingyu.

He was a Great Saint realm expert and because he was extremely old, he could only mask the decaying aura of death on his body with grey mist. No one knew how badly his physical body had decayed, but nonetheless, he could still unleash terrifying power. As he shot up into the air, the mist surrounding him transformed into a shadow of a fiendgod. He was following the principle of destroying the leader first to bring about the destruction of the [Red Lotus Hellfire]. He thought that if he could kill Ye Qingyu, who was controlling the Hellfire, he might stand a chance to survive.

"Haha. Old fool, since you've arrived, I'll send you back to your death. How could you be so greedy when you're just a bag of bones?" Ye Qingyu bellowed and aimed the [Cloud Top Cauldron] at the elderly expert.

Ye Qingyu was extremely calm and collected. He spat out a mouthful of essence and blood onto the [Cloud Top Cauldron], and a bronze-colored radiance burst forth from the cauldron. It buzzed as it vibrated and the ancient drawings carved on it seemingly came to life. One by one, these figures seemed to walk from the body of the cauldron and a mysterious force from the laws of the Great Dao bellowed. This scene was extremely bizarre.

"Boom!"

There was an ear-deafening explosion and a visible vibration wave that could be seen shooting everywhere.

Ye Qingyu's figure wobbled violently on the cauldron's handle and his face was flushed, but he ultimately managed to steady himself. His black mane danced in the wind as though a black radiance twirled through the sky, and his eyes were filled with rage and killing intent, just like the moon and sun hanging in the sky. As he surveyed the scene below, he gave off a formidable aura and resembled a fiendod who had the power to control the entire universe, looking down on the sand and dirt beneath him.

"Ah..." a surprised yell rang out from the grey mist. Those who heard it shuddered because it sounded just like two decaying pieces of metal grinding against each other. It did not sound like anything that should come from the soul of a Saint.

The grey mist vibrated violently and plummeted down a few hundred meters like a candle blowing in the wind. It only managed to stop its fall two to three breaths later.

"You bastard. Cough..." He coughed a couple of times before that malicious voice sounded once again, "You might be young but you are highly talented. Hehe. Your physical body seems to be in good shape. I've decided that I'll take that body of yours. Even if you're protected by rare charms, you will not be able to escape death today. Hehe."

As soon as he spoke—

The grey mist suddenly turned red, as though it had been dyed with fresh blood. As the rank and pungent aura of a decaying body burst forth from the bloody mist, the large skull of an evil ghost could vaguely be seen. It was a mysterious sight to behold.

"It's the Blood Demon!"

"The Blood Demon... Wasn't it rumored that he was aiming to break through to the Quasi-emperor realm?"

"Wait, his condition... is very weak. Ah, I know. He might have failed to break through and instead has incurred punishment from Heaven and sustained serious injuries. Is he now attempting to make a last-ditch effort to possess Ye Qingyu's body and be reborn again? This ability to take possession of another's body to extend his lifespan is the unique magical ability of the Blood Demon."

"I can't believe this demon has appeared. We're in trouble this time."

Surprised yells rang out from below.

Those who were observing the situation through the flames were equally stunned. The Blood Demon was extremely famous. In his peak, it was said that he was immortal and he was almost impossible to kill. Furthermore, he was cruel and ruthless and none of the super forces dared to trifle with him. No one had expected him to show up in this place today.

Ye Qingyu was really unlucky.

The treasures he possessed would be his downfall.

After provoking the Black Moon Divine Palace, he had now gone ahead and trifled with the Blood Demon. Even though the Blood Demon had failed to break through to the Quasi-emperor realm and had incurred punishment from Heaven as a result, he still had cultivation in the peak Great Saint realm and had run amok over the world for many years. His techniques were extremely cruel and vicious and he was extremely hard to overcome. The [Red Lotus Hellfire] might not even be able to trap this demon.

In the Void—

Ye Qingyu heard the astonished gasps from the crowd below.

He did not know who the Blood Demon was.

However, he sensed that this opponent was extremely terrifying.

"Haha! Young punk, now you know who I am. Haha! Be a good boy and hand over all the goodies you have and I'll make an exception this time and spare you from torture. I'll make sure you die an instant death..." The blood-colored mist remained suspended in the air like a sea of blood and roared crazily toward Ye Qingyu as it attempted to swallow him within it.

"Old fool, you truly think you're something else, huh? I'll make sure I knock you down dead." Ye Qingyu laughed maniacally and his eyes gleamed like fiery flames. He remained completely unafraid and operated the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. As it turned, a bright yellow mist circled around it. Ye Qingyu jumped into the cauldron, and under his control, instead of retreating, the cauldron shot toward the blood-colored mist.

Ye Qingyu's combat will and aura were at their highest points and he would definitely not compromise nor retreat. He would still make the same decision even if his current opponent was not a Great Saint but a Quasi-emperor.

If he chose to retreat now, it would mean death. If two men clashed on a narrow path, the braver man would be the victor.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Violent explosions resounded.

The blood-colored mist constantly transformed into various demonic creatures in an attempt to swallow the [Cloud Top Cauldron], but it was unable to trap the cauldron.

Ear-deafening booms continued to ring out from the blood-colored mist.

Soon after—

"Ah... No, how could this be? How could your cauldron... be so powerful?" An astonished cry rang out as the Blood Demon seemed to have encountered something he had not thought was possible. When he screamed, his voice was laced with fear and terror.

"Old fool, I'll subdue you today... Die!"

Blood flowed out from the corners of Ye Qingyu's lips and he bobbed up and down from the mouth of the cauldron. He seemed real and yet ethereal and the aura of a fiendgod circled around him.

The violent [Red Lotus Hellfire] burst forth from the giant cauldron and as it traveled past his body, it was only less than a meter away from him. Despite that, he did not catch fire. Instead, the flames seemed to obey his command and roared toward the blood-colored mist.

No one knew what had happened in the earlier collision.

However, the blood-colored mist, which seemingly possessed the ability to evade the [Red Lotus Hellfire] earlier, was now completely rendered defenseless. The moment the flames brushed against it, there was a crackling sound and it released a pungent smell as it turned into a watery grey mist. As the [Red Lotus Hellfire] continued to burn, the watery mist turned into ashes and disappeared into the Void.

"No..."

The Blood Demon cried out in despair and sorrow.

An oddly-shaped figure about one meter tall tunneled through the bloody mist, and on its body were traces of the [Red Lotus Hellfire]. It wailed mournfully and everyone was surprised to see that it was a blood-colored bat in the shape of a pig. Its wings were overlaid with blood-colored scales, its red bones were spiked with needles, and furry needles covered its body like divine radiance. The [Red Lotus Hellfire] on its body grew more violent as it caught the wind and immediately enveloped the creature as it turned into a fireball.

A pungent smell started to spread across the surroundings.

"Ah, I refuse to admit defeat. How could you possess such a force..." When the blood-colored bat spoke, the [Red Lotus Hellfire] spewed forth from its mouth. However, in less than four breaths, the Hellfire had utterly consumed it and turned it into a pile of ashes.

"That was the Blood Demon's true form."

"He's a blood-sucking bat? He seemed to be the descendant of an ancient demonic species... so that is his true form. No wonder his blood had magical abilities... However, now that it encountered a magical force that could restrain it, the Blood Demon ultimately ended up being killed by that junior from a lowly domain. The Blood Demon's overconfidence has cost him his life."

"He deserved it. The Blood Demon has killed countless and his sins were as tall as a mountain. Once the [Red Lotus Hellfire] touched him, he died almost instantly. This is retribution..."

The faces of experts who witnessed this scene from the surrounding areas changed rapidly.

No one had expected the Blood Demon, who had wreaked havoc for thousands of years, to die in this manner.

The experts trapped within the representative station of the Black Moon Divine Palace who had been engulfed in [Red Lotus Hellfire] could not be bothered with the plight of others now that their own lives were in danger. After the death of the Blood Demon, their lives were in great peril. As horrified yells and wails rang out, dozens of people were turned into dust as the Hellfire licked their bodies.

"Junior, do you intend to kill everybody?" Great Saint Zhong Yuan bellowed as he watched the last of the Black Moon Divine Palace disciples die tragically one by one.

"Kill everybody? I'm only returning the favor. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. You say that I'm ruthless but this is nothing compared to the ruthlessness displayed by the Black Moon Divine Palace." Ye Qingyu laughed coldly and his killing intent surged. He then tossed out all the [Red Lotus Hellfire] he collected from the 18th district mercilessly.

He would no longer show compassion. The experts down below who had charged into the representative station had all been after the treasures he possessed and every one of them had evil intentions. Other than those from the Black Moon Divine Palace, there were also those malicious monsters who had been in hiding. These people were like a pack of hyenas sensing blood, and once they sensed an opportunity, they would not hesitate to kill him. If they had discovered him in the Void earlier on, they would have killed him without hesitation and plundered his treasures. If he let them off today, they would definitely come after him in the future, either covertly or overtly, to steal his treasures.

These creatures were no different from the bastards from the Black Moon Divine Palace.

"Ah..."

"Help."

"I was wrong... Spare me. Ah..."

Tragic cries rang out as the ruins of the Black Moon Divine Palace's representative station turned into a living hell. Even experts in the Immortal Step realm, who were impervious to desires and passions of the heart, still cried out as the [Red Lotus Hellfire] burned, as they were unable to bear the torture their soul went through.

The bright red flames swallowed everything in sight and cleansed the world of their sins.

The screams that rang out were like the regretful cries of a sinner on his deathbed.

Many spectators were stunned by the scenes they had witnessed. There was a trace of fear when they looked at Ye Qingyu. To these people, he was a young man with terrifying potential who could be ruthless and whose resolve was as strong as steel. If he matured in the future, he had the potential to change the face of the entire Vast Thousand Domains.

Many people sucked in a breath of cold air.

"Kill."

Ye Qingyu was merciless.

After he tossed out all his [Red Lotus Hellfire], trapping everyone within the representative station, he activated the one hundred and eight ancient characters and the giant cauldron gradually shrank as it protected him within it. Then, it charged straight at those people down below.

Puff!

A Saint from the Black Moon Divine Palace was sent flying, blood spraying from his mouth, as he landed into the [Red Lotus Hellfire]. Terrified, that person struggled with all his might and let out a scream as he was finally turned into ashes.

Ye Qingyu continued to attack and kill with no sign of stopping.

Despite the fact that his body was riddled with injuries from the feedback force and he was bleeding from his mouth, nose, and eyes, he did not hesitate nor retreat. His anger and need for vengeance urged him on as he continued to eradicate these evildoers from the face of the world.

He killed to protect.

He was eradicating sin, not life.

Ye Qingyu finally understood that he would only be able to make this world more beautiful by getting rid of all things evil and malicious. This was for the good of mankind. Showing any sort of compassion for these bastards would be the equivalent of being cruel to the innocent.

In the surrounding area—

Countless experts were astonished.

They felt a chill run down their spines, especially when they saw several Saints being sent into the Hellfire as Ye Qingyu collided into them, ultimately perishing and turning into dust. As they looked upon this young man, whose white robes were now stained with blood, and noticed his savage and determined expression, for some reason, they immediately sensed that they could not afford to make an enemy of this man. Even the Saints and Great Saints who had hidden themselves felt the same way.

This kid was a maniac.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 796:


Chapter 813 - Last Laugh?



The events at the Black Moon Divine Palace representative station in Falcon City caused everybody to be dumbfounded. They had thought of countless scenarios and outcomes, but they never could have imagined that the situation would turn out this way.

This was especially so for Master Zhu.

This lean-faced, middle-aged scholar with a hooked nose had even forgotten to wave his fan. He stood some distance away from the representative station and stared blankly at the fiery scenes in front of him. He suddenly felt a little bewildered because the situation had veered so far away from his plans. This was the first time he had failed so badly since he joined the Black Moon Divine Palace camp as their master schemer.

He could not figure out how things had ended up this way.

What drove him crazy was that when things had not gone according to plan in the past, he always had a way to bring things back on track in the shortest possible time and even turn the situation in his favor. However, he had spent the largest amount of resources, laid out his most detailed plan this time around, and given it his all to catch this small fry, putting in way more investment than the potential return would have yielded. He was absolutely sure that this plan would work but now that things were completely out of control, he suddenly could not think of a way to rectify the situation.

What do we do? What do we do
?

Master Zhu found that he was unable to think straight.

He knew that this was the price of failure and he knew how cruel his master could be. Thus, he was utterly terrified as he watched the situation worsening. When he noticed that Great Saint Zhong Yuan had also been trapped within the [Red Lotus Hellfire] and was unable to escape, the thought of sneaking away suddenly crossed his mind.

When there is life, there is hope.

He clenched his jaw and turned to run.

At that moment—

Swish!

Ye Qingyu appeared beside him in a flash of light.

Ye Qingyu's white robes were now dyed in blood, as though he had been baptized in a bloody river. The murderous spirit and evil qi he exuded was so strong that it was just like they had taken on solid forms. The pressure these qi released was so real that it made breathing difficult. It was impossible to describe just how terrifying he seemed, but it was as though a killing god had descended onto this world.

For some reason, Master Zhu started to shake uncontrollably as he looked into the eyes of this young man.

"I… I am not…" Master Zhu stammered out.

This scene was extremely comical.

For someone as scheming as Master Zhu, his first thought was not to escape nor retaliate, but to try to provide an explanation for something. His ability to distort the truth with his eloquence had left him the moment he looked into those cold eyes filled with rage and killing intent. He could only stammer unintelligibly.

"Bah!"

Ye Qingyu spat a mouthful of blood on Master Zhu's face.

"I had already noticed your gloating expression as you stood beside that old dog, Zhong Yuan. You looked exactly like a villainous advisor, so I'm sure that the attack on the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission couldn't have happened without your instigation and plotting, am I right?" Ye Qingyu raised his hand and lifted up Master Zhu by his neck as if he was just a chick.

Master Zhu finally came to his senses.

When he tried to resist, he realized that a mysterious icy force had entered his body through Ye Qingyu's palm and sealed more than half of his strength. He could no longer escape from the hand that was like an iron shackle around his neck.

"Whether you live or die, this will be the result of the seeds you have sown, so I'll let the [Red Lotus Hellfire] determine your fate." Ye Qingyu casually threw Master Zhu into the blazing [Red Lotus Hellfire] in the distance.

Should he be free from guilt and sins, he would only sustain light injuries but be spared from death.

Should he have committed monstrous and heinous crimes, then these red flames would cleanse him of his sins.

This man was clad in the robes of the Black Moon Divine Palace and was obviously in their camp, so he was clearly up to no good. Therefore, Ye Qingyu did not feel a shred of compassion for him as he threw Master Zhu into the Hellfire.

"Ah..."

Master Zhu's terrified cries rang out exceptionally clearly through the night.

As he sailed through the air, he struggled awkwardly like an old mother hen, but was ultimately unable to change his destiny and he fell into the [Red Lotus Hellfire]. Pain seared through him as the tongues of fire licked his body. At that moment, time seemed to slow down. He saw the tragic, enraged, and savage faces of those who had cursed him before their deaths and of those whose deaths he had caused flash past his eyes.

Before he lost consciousness, he suddenly understood that perhaps the concept of retribution truly existed in this world. All his malicious schemes seemed laughable in the face of a truly fearless warrior. How could he have been so arrogant as to think that he could control the hearts of men when even the heavens could not control the living organisms? His way of thinking had been so tragic and comical. He could not help looking admiringly at the young man in white bloodstained robes whose figure had turned increasingly blurry. Perhaps only a determined and passionate man like him would have the ability to create miracles.

Bam!

There was a loud explosion as Master Zhu's figure transformed into an explosive fireball, which then exploded in the Void. There was a dazzling flash and then he disappeared forever.

Most people did not realize that this unassuming, lean-faced, middle-aged man who had perished in the Hellfire was the [Phantom Commander]. No one knew what the [Phantom Commander] truly looked like for he seemed to be everywhere at once. He had caused great bloodshed throughout the various major domains and was known to be like an omnipotent evil backstage manipulator. Once he had identified someone as his target, that person was as good as dead.

After having made a name for himself through his illustrious achievements, even the [Phantom Commander] himself would probably never have imagined that he would be killed as easily as an ant.

Ye Qingyu did not give this matter much thought.

He did not know Master Zhu's true identity and was not aware of how famous he was nor how high his status had been. He had only attacked Master Zhu because he noticed Master Zhu speaking to Zhong Yuan and immediately classified the man as someone in the Black Moon Divine Palace camp. Furthermore, to Ye Qingyu, everyone from the Black Moon Divine Palace was evil and deserved death.

After Master Zhu perished, Ye Qingyu reappeared with a flash in the midst of the raging [Red Lotus Hellfire].

Even though he was under the protection of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], he was still not strong enough to wield this treasure to its fullest potential. Most of the time, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] had acted on its own accord to protect its master. Furthermore, his opponents were far too powerful, which resulted in an intense feedback force. Ye Qingyu's body was covered with injuries, as though he was a porcelain doll with cracks all over. His skin was as dry as a parched riverbed and it cracked opened, causing bloody wounds, as if he was about to shatter any moment.

"Although I've rapidly grown more powerful and by activating the [Limitless Divine Way], I am now able to go up against those in the Saint realm, but the difference in strength between myself and these malicious creatures, as well as the famous Great Saints, is as vast as the ocean. If not for the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and the [Red Lotus Hellfire], I would have died a long time ago…"
Ye Qingyu thought.

He controlled the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and tunneled through the [Red Lotus Hellfire]. He sent those who were still struggling flying into the Hellfire, destroying all their treasures and force fields.

"Ah..."

"You little punk, you're so ruthless.”

"Even if I die, I'll come back as a ghost to haunt you. Ah…"

Screams of rage and curses mingled together with mournful wails and echoed through the air. In their despair, a few experts charged at Ye Qingyu and collided heavily against the [Cloud Top Cauldron], recklessly attempting to bring Ye Qingyu down with them.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Violent explosions resounded.

As waves of powerful yuan qi chaotically swept through the area, the protective barrier of the Void kept shattering and started to show signs of turbulence in the chaos. The [Cloud Top Cauldron] was bombarded with attacks and its color alternated between bright and dim as it grew increasingly unstable.

Ye Qingyu coughed up large mouthfuls of blood and the cracks on his body grew increasingly wider as though his body were about to disintegrate at any moment. However, he ignored the wounds on his body and continued to face these attacks head-on as he continued on his warpath.

To anyone else, his actions were the equivalent of suicide.

He had to bear the brunt of the huge feedback force with every collision, and every collision seemingly had the power to shatter him into pieces. However, he miraculously held on.

Time flew by.

This cycle continued on endlessly.

One hour quickly passed.

The [Red Lotus Hellfire] continued to burn brightly.

Out of the hundreds of experts trapped within the representative station of the Black Moon Divine Palace, less than a dozen remained, including Great Saint Zhong Yuan and four other Great Saints as well as several pinnacle Saints who possessed secret treasures. They had managed to keep the [Red Lotus Hellfire] at bay with their Great Saint force field and the laws. Thus, none of the flames touched them. As for the other experts, they had all perished in the Hellfire.

These Great Saint experts could have escaped, but Ye Qingyu continuously knocked them back into the flames. He used the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to charge recklessly at them and as soon as any one of these experts showed signs of trying to escape the Hellfire, he would attack them maniacally. Zhong Yuan had almost managed to escape a few times, but was forced back into the fiery sea after Ye Qingyu bombarded him with attacks.

These Saint-realm experts were like dragons in shallow water—they were unable to unleash their full potential and only barely managed to separate their own karma from the [Red Lotus Hellfire], then they used their laws and force fields to stop the flames. However, their force field would be destabilized each time Ye Qingyu knocked into them, which would result in the flames licking their bodies. Based on the sins they had accumulated on their cultivation journey, once the Hellfire touched their bodies, they were as good as dead with no chance of escaping.

Other than the Blood Demon, who had been weakened by the punishment from Heaven and ultimately was killed by Ye Qingyu, there was another half-step Great Saint who was extremely arrogant and was also a vicious character who had taken many lives. He had tried to escape, but after Ye Qingyu collided into him, his protective force field was destabilized and the [Red Lotus Hellfire] consumed his body. He wailed and struggled for fifteen minutes before he died a tragic death.

After his death, no one else dared to act recklessly.

Ye Qingyu was not even in the Saint realm but he had single-handedly managed to hold off almost ten Great Saint-level experts by risking his life each time he attacked.

This was an incredible miracle.

Naturally, the price he had to pay was also very high.

Ye Qingyu was already completely covered in blood.

His blood qi was starting to dry up and his vigor was rapidly declining.

"This young man can't hold on for much longer…" A Saint-realm expert sighed in the distance. Ye Qingyu's valor and bravery had stunned them all. He had almost managed to kill off all his enemies by acting in such a manner. Unfortunately, as someone from a lowly domain, he did not have enough resources, which resulted in a vast difference in strength between him and his enemies. Even though with divine treasures such as the [Red Lotus Hellfire] and the giant cauldron, it was unlikely that he would have the last laugh.

This was probably the hand that fate had dealt the weak.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

