Chapter 681:


Chapter 699 - Test (1)


The [Gate of Storm] opened after Shangguan Wu displayed a token.

A file of several hundred men walked in.

Ye Qingyu's eyes brightened.

Behind the gate was indeed a world of its own a lot bigger than it seemed from outside. It was a storm plaza covering dozens of kilometers and big enough to accommodate ten thousand people.

Numerous spinning hurricanes surrounded the plaza, while the wind pillars continually morphed into different shapes, sometimes into giant spirits and other times into divine statues. The place was indeed strange and mysterious to the limits.

A giant green wall of a hundred meters in height and width stood in the dead center of the plaza.

Ye Qingyu could not shift his eyes away as soon as he saw it.

It was definitely the legendary Wall of Storm.

A rich and refreshing green radiance flickered on the wall. From a distance, it appeared to be a wandering green cloud whose surface was a dense layer of lambent light that gave rise to a Dao essence and transformed the mountains, rivers, and stars. By looking at it, one would acquire a sense of the tininess of one's own body, as if one was but a speck in a vast ocean.

Ye Qingyu astonishedly discovered that the color and aura of the green wall was exactly the same as those of the hair-like green breeze in his sea of consciousness.

"This... could it be?"

A beam of light flashed in his heart as he vaguely became aware of something.

But he still did not quite dare to believe.

A middle-aged man dressed in a pale yellow and black robe stood below the green wall with his hands behind his back.

He had a burly figure but a thin and extremely white face. Three long black locks of beard hung below his chin, while slightly-squinted slender eyes were lodged above his nose. One could tell at first glance that he was a shrewd, scheming, and terrifying character. The qi activity all over his body was as deep as an abyss and as immovable as a mountain, making it obvious that his yuan qi cultivation was also absolutely powerful.

This should probably be the second examiner.

He was joined by fifty Violet Gold divine guards who lined up on both sides of the green wall, apparently to maintain order in the test site.

Soon enough, the Heaven Wasteland contingent arrived below the green wall in a tidy fashion.

Shangguan  Wu walked up to converse with the black-bearded examiner.

A few guards then came over and told the envoys to stand in a designated area.

Ye Qingyu's pupils abruptly contracted as he casually glanced across.

This was because he spotted the young cavalry leader among the fifty order-maintaining guards.

The latter, too, spotted Ye Qingyu at the same time. He appeared extremely shocked and rather animated as he walked over with a somber face and glared at the former, berating, "How dare you come? You fugitive and bastardly thief..."

"Hold it," Yu Xiaoxing shouted as she scowled at the young leader. "Please watch your words. You're slandering the War God of my domain."

The empress had rarely displayed such cold-blooded toughness.

This time, however, the matter concerned Ye Qingyu and thus offended her greatly. Even though the antagonist might be a person from the Violet Gold divine residence, she would neither concede nor compromise an inch.

The young cavalry leader was a little frightened by Yu Xiaoxing's fierce gaze. After all, as the empress of a domain, she had naturally acquired an imperial qi. The pressure she could exert in a rage was no less than that of a top-level martial expert.

But he quickly regained his senses and developed a fit of anger from the shame of nearly being scared off by a lower domain woman. Just as he was about to speak up…

"What's goin' on?" a low voice sounded.

The middle-aged examiner had covertly walked over, and began to glance at the crowd with a stern face.

"Uncle, I..." A hint of happiness flashed across the young leader's eyes as he pointed at Ye Qingyu and wanted to say something.

However, a fierce glint flashed across the examiner's eyes as he rebuked, "Keep your mouth shut. There shall be nothing personal in front of the Wall of Storm. Divine Guard Huang Lin, stand down."

Huang Lin was momentarily stunned and immediately became aware of something. He hurriedly lowered his head and explained, "But, Supervisor Huang, this person's an escapee from the [Lightless Dungeon]. Yesterday..."

"Enough, stand down." Supervisor Huang's face grew ever sterner while his eyes became knife-like.

It was only at this point when Huang Lin truly realized something was amiss. He dared not say anything further and hastily stood down.

Ye Qingyu was deep in thought as he saw this.

Just then, Shangguan Wu walked over and smilingly introduced, "This is one of the four supervisors of the Violet Gold divine residence front court, Supervisor Huang Tayun. He'll be managing this test with me."

The contingent promptly greeted Supervisor Huang.

A pale-faced Huang Tayun nodded in acknowledgment. His attitude was not nearly as warm as Shangguan Wu's.

To one side, the Violet Gold divine guards were busy making the final preparations for the Wall of Storm test.

At this time, a young man among the contingent asked out of a fit of curiosity, "Will the Lord of Sunrise City be present for today's test? He should be a top-level expert within the Chaotic Ruins Domain, right?"

Ye Qingyu laughed without saying anything.

The line of successive Lords of Sunreise City was rumored to consist exclusively of the descendants of the Storm Martial Emperor's disciples, and a huge network had already developed by this time. The City Lord was definitely considered an important person within the Chaotic Ruins Domain, and even the top-level forces from mature and large domains would not dare to neglect the imperial throne of this city. Moreover, new domain monarchs like Yu Xiaoxing would appear utterly inadequate in front of the Lord of Sunrise City.

The fact that the Violet Gold divine residence had assigned a deputy commander and a front court supervisor for today's domain test was already showing a lot of respect for the Heaven Wasteland Domain. But of course, the City Lord, who was a being near the very top of the Vast Thousand Worlds, could not be present for today's test.

"Hoho, innocent, ignorant, and foolish. How absurd would it be for the City Lord to be present for your tiny little domain test." The front court supervisor, Huang Tayun, sneered with utter contempt.

Everyone could feel at this time that, in contrast to Shangguan Wu, Huang Tayun possessed an extreme disdain and hatred toward the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

…

In front of the Wall of Storm.

Shangguan Wu, who was responsible for managing this test, was by convention introducing the test rules in detail to the envoy mission.

"The test of the Wall of Storm is very simple. It's divided into two segments, namely defense and offense. For defense, the objective is to remain standing steadily within the red line when the storm breaks out. For offense, the objective is to leave a vivid mark on the Wall of Storm." With a dignified expression, Shangguan Wu carried a golden-patterned purple brocade jade bamboo slip in his hands as a faint-purple light curtain gradually undulated behind him.

Conversely, Huang Tayun stood to one side with a gloomy expression.

He stepped forward after Shangguan Wu was done introducing the rules. Peering with subtle contempt at the diplomatic corps which was standing within the test plaza, he pointed at the red line in the middle of the plaza and said, "I shall add something more, so prick up your ears and listen up. The specific criteria for passing this test are, during defense, for at least ten people to stand steadily within the red line, while during offense, for there to be at least ten clearly distinguishable marks to be left on the wall. The test will be deem failed if there's even one less!"

In the middle of the plaza.

The contingent looked in the direction which Huang Tayun pointed at.

On the ground approximately thirty meters in front of the 1one-hundred-meter-wide Wall of Storm was a perfectly straight red line. It seemed to have been injected into the ground by a powerful force, yet seemed to have been carved by a natural underground force at the same time. It indistinctly emitted a scarlet halo.

"Alright, now that the rules have been explained, are there any questions?" Shangguan Wu looked at Ye Qingyu and the others with a stern face.

"Your Honor, we understand the rules clearly. May the two examiners please give us some time to discuss." At the front of the pack, Ye Qingyu nodded his head and cupped his hands in respect.

Huang Tayun's complexion darkened. Just as he was going to say something, Shangguan Wu smiled and nodded, "Okay, you have the time it takes to drink a cup of tea to prepare your strategy."

Huang Tayun seemed to have some scruples with Shangguan Wu and thus remained silent.

In the subsequent "tea-drinking" time.

Ye Qingyu and Empress Yu Xiaoxing, as well as the First Princess and the rest, moved to one side of the test plaza to discuss their approach.

Subsequently, these heavyweights of the envoy mission returned to the middle of the plaza.

After estimating the position and distance in front of the Wall of Storm, theydecided, for safety reasons, to utilize a human wave strategy this time. As the strongest among the contingent, Ye Qingyu and the First Princess would stand closest to the wall so as to bear the brunt.

Those who would stand at the back were also experts of the Heaven Ascension stage and above, considered to be outstanding among the mission.

At the periphery of the test plaza.

Fifty Violet Gold divine guards, who were responsible for maintaining order, stood attentively with dispassionate expressions and dignified manners.

They surrounded the entire test plaza, forming a heavily-armored human wall which glimmered in purple and gold and separated the hundreds of mission members not participating in this test into two sides.

"Hmmm, a human wave strategy? What's the use of more people..." Huang Lin laughed grimly when he saw this.

He swept a glance at the envoys who were emerging from the contingent outside the plaza one after another. Unable to conceal his disdain, he remarked to a colleague beside him, "These bastards are indeed pathetically dumb. Do they really think using more people will help them pass the test? Hahahaha... this is extremely stupid... these lower domain aborigines are truly pitiful."

Several of his squad members behind him also began to sneer, as if they were simply waiting to see the embarrassing and miserable sight of the contingent's failure.

Conversely, the non-participating mission members, led by Qu Hanshan and Luo Yi, were unusually quiet.

Every one of them had put on a solemn expression as if they were confronted by a formidable enemy. They looked on fixedly at the hundreds of men in the middle of the plaza, oblivious to the scoffing noises and the disdainful eyes.

This was because they knew deep down that sentiments and words would not determine anything at this moment.

The test of the Wall of Storm was the Heaven Wasteland Domain's first step toward passing the domain rating, and the stakes were thus extremely high.

Within the past year, they had acquired an increasingly clear concept of domain rating. The deeper they delved, the greater the importance they attached to it, and thereby the more they understood the difficulty and significance of the various checkpoints set up along the road of nineteen cities of chaos.

If they could successfully pass this first test, it would be a good start to the difficult and hazardous path of rating, and would certainly encourage them and boost their morale.

Dozens of breaths later…

In front of the Wall of Storm.

The hundreds of men, whose strengths had reached the Heaven Ascension stage and above, stood shoulder to shoulder within the red line, ready for the challenge.

Every one of these Heaven Wasteland experts carried a powerful and serious expression, their eyes burning with a scorching hot battle will and flares of yuan qi rising into the skies from their bodies. Together they formed a human wall whose vigor and yuan qi power were as strong as the mountains.





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 682:


Chapter 700 - Test (2)


The test finally began.

Shangguan Wu and Huang Tayun exchanged glances before they respectively went to the left and right sides of the Wall of Storm.

Ye Qingyu noticed that they were each holding an exquisite ring which was embedded with a dazzling yellow gemstone.

"This is your last reminder..." Huang Tayan darted a cold look at the group in front of the wall and spoke in a faintly disdainful tone, "Get ready for a baptism of storm. This could be a nightmare you'll never forget, lower domain ants."

At the other side of the wall, Shangguan Wu frowned slightly.

He already sensed that Huang Tayun did not bear goodwill for the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

Why does Supervisor Huang have this sort of attitude as a fellow human?

Shangguan Wu was rather surprised.

But he did not say anything.

"No need to trouble you, Supervisor Huang. We may begin." Ye Qingyu, who stood closest to the Wall of Storm, spoke with a defiant fortitude in his tone and a resolute look on his face.

"Okay. The test of the Wall of Storm officially begins," Shangguan Wu announced from the other side.

As soon as he spoke these words, he and Huang Tayun simultaneously twisted the yellow gemstone rings in their hands. A wisp of pale yellow mist spurted from each embedded gemstone and instantly entered the Wall of Storm.

Hoo!

Wind emerged.

The moment the yellow light rays entered the walls, the originally silent Wall of Storm seemed to be awakened by a strange amount of energy. The green surface of the wall began to slowly operate, and an irresistible storm abruptly burst out from within in a flash.

This suddenly-striking storm was like an ancient, mythical beast which at long last had awakened, its howl rattling the highest heavens and the entire land.

Everything outside the plaza became insignificant in this very moment, as if all that was left in this universe was the unparalleled storm power which was approaching head-on.

Everyone's face discolored instantly.

The Wall of Storm was finally awake.

Within the test area.

The several hundreds of Heaven Wasteland experts immediately felt a magnificent and uncontrollable force surging head-on. It was something they could neither imagine nor resist. Amid a sea of cries, fifty to sixty bodies were sent hurtling into midair by the storm without time to put up any resistance at all. They were catapulted several hundred meters and landed painfullyt on the plaza.

Ye Qingyu, as well as the others who were nearest to the Wall of Storm, could not help feeling immensely startled. Without time to think of anything else, they swiftly activated their maximum strength to withstand the furious and violent power of wind.

"Is this the strength of the Storm Martial Emperor?"

Ye Qingyu was astounded by it.

At the same time, he vaguely felt as if something familiar had appeared.

Although such an extreme storm which arrived head-on was furious and violent like no other, he somehow felt a tiny sense of excitement when the pressure came upon him like a landslide, as if his body craved and enjoyed this sort of terrifying pressure.

"Ah..." Many people uttered exclamations of defiance and resistance, but were ultimately unable to hold out and were lifted off the ground.

Despite exerting every ounce of their strength, and some even combusting their origin power, many of the experts remained too weak to resist and were tossed through the air one after another.

In only a short time, less than thirty people remained within the red line zone.

"Ah!"

A Brute Race expert with a burly figure, ape-like arms, and giant fists suddenly let out a fierce howl.

Kneeling on both knees, his clothes tattered instantly as he dug ten fingers viciously into the ground, allowing his fingernails to break within the crevices. His fingertips, which supported his body's resistance against the impact of the storm, were worn down by the soil layer until they each oozed a dark-red stream of blood that was more than half a meter long. He was certainly sparing no effort to hold on.

Several breaths later, however.

The Brute Race expert's face was hideous and his eyes blood-red. His ten fingers had been near-completely worn down while several parts of his arm muscles had ruptured. Flesh and bone mixed together as blood stains covered his arms. Every muscle on his body had swollen to the limits and his skin presented a dreadful reddish-black color.

"The Brute Gods above, Lord Ye... I've done my best... I..." The Brute Race expert was only left with half of his fingers and was slowly dislodging from the ground. Completely drained, he was on the verge of fainting when, like a fallen leaf in a harsh wind, he was catapulted a hundred meters off by the storm and entered a state of coma upon landing.

The watching crowd was distressed by this sight.

"Hahahaha, I just knew you lowly worse-than-scum bastards cannot withstand even a blow and are biting off more than you can chew...  hahahaha." Huang Lin taunted and derided contemptuously, making no secret of his elation.

The crowd scowled.

Huang Lin was ever more elated.

However, the crowd did not say a word and instead turned their heads toward the test area once more. Everyone was grim-faced as they fully focused their eyes on the middle of the plaza.

They were waiting for something.

Or perhaps, they were expecting something.

Three breaths later.

The Wall of Storm shone brightly.

The world abruptly became clear.

The storm power, which had come like a pack of savage beasts straight out of Asura's purgatory, abruptly dissipated.

Everyone's eyes widened as they looked toward the test area.

Especially the Heaven Wasteland contingent. Their hearts instantly hung in suspense as if something was grabbing them hard.

Within the red line zone.

Closest to the wall were three figures which were standing firm despite bearing the brunt of the attack.

Ye Qingyu, Wen Wan, and Ximen Yeshui.

Behind them was the former top expert of the Snow Empire imperial family's offering temple and martial maniac, Hu Jue [Translator's note: Hu Yu in earlier versions.] His sturdy figure, too, stood firm on the left side of the zone, as his extremely vigorous yuan qi power surged and his black changshan flapped in the wind.

However, he seemed yet to regain his senses from the terrifying storm earlier. He looked at the Wall of Storm with shock-filled eyes before he raised his head, as if deep in thought, and gazed at the chaotic windstorms, which tore apart stars and space outside the silver wind layer in the heavens.

Behind him were Empress Yu Xiaoxing and First Princess Yu Junqing. Their clothing fluttered in the wind as golden light mad up of imperial qi indistinctly surrounded their bodies.

This was an inborn protective light shield which was only activated when an incoming attack which contained the power of laws was felt.

As the leader and first Empress of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, Yu Xiaoxing was the object of the people's faith and reverence, and thus her body acquired a mysterious imperial Dao power which would protect her at critical moments. When the Greater One Sect tried searching her memory, it was this power which obstructed and rendered them helpless. Now that she had climbed from being the Crown Prince of the Snow Empire to Wuzhao Emperor of the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, her bodily imperial qi had increased several times over. She was, therefore, able to persist despite not being the strongest.

The First Princess Yu Junqing, meanwhile, had always been unsurpassed in strength, and so passing the test was naturally expected of her.

Beside these female experts was a tall yet thin and light figure, with white hair and brows, who stood quietly and as steadily as a mountain range. He wore a snow-white robe which was embroidered with a lifelike stalk of snow bamboo at its hem using silver thread, and his entire body was emanating a frosty aura as if he was an icy mountain.

Yan Buhui.

Very few people among the diplomatic corps knew that Yan Buhui was a member of the team for the domain rating, for he had always kept an extremely low profile and even deliberately concealed his identity. Unless absolutely necessary, he would lay low and be close to invisible among the contingent.

His strength was rated as the most improved after the changes to the Heaven Wasteland's tides of strength, and even Ye Qingyu was shocked by his improvement. Hence, getting through the test was also well expected of him.

Behind Yan Buhui was a burly Brute Race expert who was holding a giant black hammer. His muscle lines were well-defined, while blue veins were bulging on his arms. On his bare legs, blood was oozing out of several wounds and soaking the slabs beneath his feet. This was none other than the king of the Desert Brute Race, Shi Potian.

He was a member of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps too.

He was taking huge gulps of breath.

There were two distinct drag marks on the ground beneath his feet. Evidently, he had been forced back a few steps while withstanding the storm, and had to strenuously make use of his hammer and leg strength to hold firm within the zone.

A puce light flickered on the ground beside the giant hammer marks.

It was, on close inspection, a giant turtle shell densely covered with puce dragon scale patterns. On its back were three prominent longitudinal ridges, in between which were scutes that bulged like saw teeth and appeared to be extremely stiff and sharp.

The turtle shell, which was more than ten meters tall, sat on the ground as firmly as a mountain range and looked very odd.

Shi Potian gently tapped on it.

"Eh... is it ooooover?" a stuttering voice was heard.

The turtle shell moved slightly before a giant turtle head stuck out from below and swept a highly cautious glance all around. Comprehending the situation, it bellowed ecstatically, "I... I held out... haha..."

Laughter was heard among the diplomatic corps.

The Southern Waters Demon Race experts, in particular, laughed all the more joyfully and excitedly.

This was because the giant puce turtle was none other than the War God of the Sea Demon Race, [Dragon Turtle Big Demon].

He was naturally endowed with extraordinary talents and a long lifespan. His shell, said to be the hardest shield in the universe, was implanted with dragon scale runes unique to the sea races, and weighed 2.5 million kilograms. There was a legend that he was once physically suppressed by an ancient divine mountain for several dozen years during the warring period of the Heaven Wasteland Domain but remained completely undamaged.

By relying on his natural gifts, he had easily resisted the might of the Wall of Storm.

He stood up cheerfully, and, with a flicker of the purple light on his body, transformed into a hunchbacked old man.

Everyone's eyes then followed along the red line and saw that behind the nine experts was another figure, which trembled slightly yet remained standing tall at four to five meters. He was draped in hide armor and as sturdy as a bear, and fortitude showed on his square face which had a ghastly knife scar on the right cheek.

This person was Jin Tuodao, the top expert of the White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race for several hundred years.

The [Black Wind Long Knife] he was holding, which gave off a dazzling golden light and was imprinted with black runes, had left a mark which was a meter long and half a meter deep in the ground, allowing his red battle boots to dig firmly into the soil.

Ten. A total of ten people.

Success!





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 683:


Chapter 701 - Test (3)


They had held on!

After a brief quiet, the envoys on the test plaza jumped for joy and cheered fervently.

Everyone cried enthusiastically and uncontrollably, whether it be the section obstructed outside by the guards, or the test participants who were attacked and wounded by the storm and scattered near the edge of the zone.

"Wonderful! They succeeded!"

"We've passed the first checkpoint!"

"This is a good start!"

To the envoy mission, although this was but the first step in a long, long expedition, to succeed at it certainly bode well.

However, their excitement and joy got on the nerves of others.

"Quiet! Quiet!" Huang Lin annoyedly pointed at the crowd. "Keep quiet! Such disgraceful behavior from you bumpkins. Shouting on the test site is a grave offense which can lead to immediate disqualification. You truly are a bunch of dunces who don't know what death is. F*cking behave yourselves and shut up if you want the test to continue."

Startled, the frolicking crowd hastily quietened.

However, the look of excitement on everyone's face and in their eyes was difficult to disguise.

Huang Lin could not refrain from adding a few more insults but suddenly sensed from the corners of his eyes that several of his colleagues were looking at him with a strange expression. Realizing something, his heart turned cold as he promptly held his tongue.

The Violet Gold Divine Guards on duty for the present day's test were the cream of the crop and were similar in status to Huang Lin. They were not the ordinary guards he led, and thus would not simply accommodate or go along with him on such an occasion. Most importantly, the majority of these guards were humans and thus inwardly supported the envoy mission from the Heaven Wasteland Domain, which was after all a domain ruled primarily by humans.

They had felt something was amiss when Huang Lin displayed contempt and detestation toward the envoy mission at the start but did not say anything.

However, their affection grew after seeing the envoy mission pass the Wall of Storm's test in a hot-blooded and indomitable performance. At this time, seeing that Huang Lin remained unusually hateful and even became more agitated, they began to take issue with him.

Huang Lin, too, only now began to understand them.

Hence, he immediately gave it a rest for the time being upon sensing that something was not right.

...

On the test platform beside the Wall of Storm.

Huang Tayun, who had inconspicuously returned to standing on the test platform, looked somewhat astonished.

Prior to this, he already had some understanding of the new domain's capability based on various feedback from the Domains Alliance’s domain rating envoys.

He had expected a few participants to remain standing within the zone, but was certainly surprised that a good ten of them were able to withstand the fury of the storm.

It appears that I've underestimated these lower domain bastards.
He laughed grimly as he thought to himself.
But don't start celebrating yet, little ants. Things aren't so simple
.

Beside him, however, Shangguan Wu was all smiles.

He was gratified by the performance of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

This gratification was not simply because ten of their men were able to withstand the attack of the Wall of Storm, but more so because of the courage and tenacity they showed in the face of an irresistible force that allowed him to feel the will of the domain's beings.

This was the most important thing to him.

"Not bad, not bad. Good." He nodded.

However, the next moment, he was taken aback when his eyes fell on Ye Qingyu.

And he was not the only person to be startled.

Within the red line boundary, a weird look appeared on the faces of the other Heaven Wasteland experts who had completed the test.

This was because Ye Qingyu appeared extremely abnormal at this time.

...

His body, which was still facing the wall, appeared a little stiff, while his complexion was ghastly pale. As if holding off something, he reached both arms slightly forward with his ten finger tips quivering involuntarily. A sight like this made one feel as if Ye Qingyu was standing in a parallel universe and resisting some terrifying force on his own.

What's going on?

"Cousin?" Yu Xiaoxing's complexion became discolored as she raised her voice. "Cousin, are you alright?"

Ye Qingyu did not reply.

He did not even gesture with his head.

His face turning pale as well, Shangguan Wu darted toward Ye Qingyu and raised a hand to pat the latter's shoulders. But just as his palm reached within a meter, he felt a magnificent force which repelled and numbed his lower arm, causing him to flinch two or three steps back.

"What's this about?" Shangguan Wu was utterly perplexed.

He had taken charge of the Wall of Storm test many times but had never run into such a situation.

Huang Tayun's complexion changed slightly too.

However, he did not say a word. A subtle gleam twinkled in his eyes but he gave no indication of what he was thinking.

Outside the test plaza.

Huang Lin, who had been keeping a careful watch on everyone within the red line zone, also took notice of Ye Qingyu's abnormal state straight away. As if he had just witnessed an incredibly pleasing event, he hollered toward the envoys standing outside the plaza, "Haha, look! I told you all not to start celebrating before the test ends. Ye Qingyu can't take it any longer!"

"Nonsense! Lord Ye is the strongest War God of the Heaven Wasteland Domain!" Luo Yi, who stood at the forefront of the crowd, retorted in a harsh voice.

"Talking rubbish!"

"You must have seen wrongly!"

"Lord Ye is the strongest martial expert of the Heaven Wasteland Domain!"

Behind him, the other mission members, too, began to speak out in succession.

They could not allow the man who was a living god and an invincible being in their eyes to be verbally blasphemed and disrespected.

But no matter what they said, everyone, be it the experts who had been sent flying or the members watching on anxiously, could clearly see that the Lord of the Light Palace was standing in front of the Wall of Storm with a ghastly face and trembling shoulders.

What exactly is going on?

What has Lord Ye run into?

Could there be a dark force in the Wall of Storm attacking Lord Ye by surprise?

Everyone's eyes converged upon Ye Qingyu for a while.

Anxious, anticipant, still, silent, and steadfast. These gazes seemed to create a force which shrouded Ye Qingyu within.

In front of the Wall of Storm, even Ye Qingyu himself did not know what was going on.

When the terrifying storm dissipated, he swiftly became aware of the conditions of the people beside him, and took it for granted that the test had ended for him as well. But just as he was about to lower his guard, an invisible force suddenly surged out of the wall and fell upon his body.

Unlike the preceding attacks of the wall, this force came from all directions. As if wanting to crush him into pieces, it twined around his body like invisible wind ropes or dragon pythons.

He subconsciously operated his yuan power in resistance.

But the more he resisted, the crazier the twining pressure became.

He gradually began to hear the noises of his bones breaking and his muscles bursting. Although there were no signs of injury on the surface of his body, he knew for sure that his bones had all been broken, and that his muscles and meridians, as well as his vital organs, had all been squashed until they deformed.

This was a very odd type of injury. From the surface, he was completely unharmed, but in truth, everything beneath his skin had been crushed as if into mud. This absolutely strange force even controlled him such that he could not move an inch. As time went by, the agonizing pain traveled to his head, causing everything to turn black in front of his eyes. He then had a false feeling that his skull had been squashed until it burst, and thus that his entire being was destroyed.

Given his physical strength, even an Immortal Step pinnacle expert would have had difficulty leaving a scratch on him. It was hence simply unbelievable that he would be crushed alive.

Everything seemed to take place in an instant yet also in a very long time.

When consciousness returned to his body, the pain remained as before except for in his brain.

He shockingly realized that the hair-like green breeze which the mysterious figure in the underground chilly lake had bestowed to his sea of consciousness was spinning maniacally in his mind. It soon traveled down his head like a whirlwind and entered his body.

Incredibly, as the green breeze passed through, his muscles, bones, and organs which had been crushed by the invisible force instantly recovered.

In only the twinkling of an eye, the breeze had traveled through every part of his body.

All of the pain disappeared.

Though the terrifying and invisible force remained wrapped around him, it could no longer cause him any harm.

The breeze zapped like lightning through his meridians and flowed against the torrents of yuan qi to finally land in Ye Qingyu's dantian world. It suspended above the dantian sea as a green breeze, causing the waves of yuan qi to surge and surround Ye Qingyu’s [Yuan Qi True Self Doppelganger].

It brought a different kind of spirituality to the originally bleak dantian world.

"Is this... the law of wind?"

Ye Qingyu was somewhat baffled and uncertain.

Upon introspection, he shockingly discovered that his bones, muscles, and organs were all circulating a faint green color which was the same tint as the hair-like green breeze. It was as dreamy and captivating as jade and emerald.

The terrible crushing force around him had disappeared entirely at an unknown time.

Ye Qingyu flexed his five fingers.

Bam!

The air on his palm instantly exploded just from him pinching his fingers together.

This startled him.

What... what is this force? How can it be this strong?





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 684:


Chapter 702 - Test (4)


Though Ye Qingyu's physical cultivation had always been strong, and causing air to explode was nothing he could not do, he had certainly not been strong to this extent. Now, just clenching his fingers gently would cause the air to compress intensely and explode and any spatial barrier to tremor.

Ye Qingyu was at a loss.

It was only later that he felt as if his body had changed.

His body was now filled with a mysterious power and his physical cultivation had strengthened by several times.

He had a false feeling that he could break the universe just by using a little strength.

And it was not just his physical cultivation that strengthened. He discovered that the yuan qi torrents in his meridians were surging at a speed and intensity several times greater than before.

The circulation of one's yuan qi at the speed of thunder was the exclusive sign of an high-level Immortal Step expert.

Ye Qingyu gained new comprehension as soon as he operated his yuan qi slightly.

His yuan qi cultivation was, at present, merely at the first level of the lower Immortal Step realm. Yet, just based on yuan qi cultivation alone, he would be no weaker than an expert at the fourth or fifth level of the Immortal Step realm.

This was the benefit of having his yuan qi circulating at an insanely rapid pace.

This surely has something to do with that green breeze. Who exactly was that mysterious person? Could it be the Storm Martial Emperor? Otherwise, there's no way he could have mastered such a terrifying wind power. He said then that after giving me the Dao foundation, the road ahead is up to me. What does that mean? Could this be the so-called Dao foundation?

Question after question popped up in Ye Qingyu's mind.

He indistinctly also felt that the reason why the Wall of Storm would cause such a terrible change on his body was related to that green breeze. This added more weight to his suspicion that the mysterious figure in the underground lake was the Storm Martial Emperor.

But after reconsidering, he felt that this was unlikely.

Because, according to the legends, the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors had already fallen and disappeared without a trace. None of them had appeared for countless years. Several ruins and artifacts had emerged from time to time and shocked the world, but all were eventually found to be fake.

That glorious age of the Human Race was too long ago. Nobody could explain what happened back then, and thus everything had become a book of mysteries.

After thinking back and forth, Ye Qingyu became utterly confused.

These mysteries were buried in the sands of time. Unless one lived through that age, it was impossible to know for sure. Guesses were but guesses.

Infinite questions ran through his mind.

For a short while, he lost his senses under the deluge of mysteries. He stood vacantly on the spot and was oblivious to everything happening around him.

When the others saw this, it appeared to them as if he had been scared stiff. He had a bewildered and uncertain expression on his face, and was a miserable sight.

"What a dogshit war god, scared silly by the Wall of Storm? Haha, so pathetic and funny!" Huang Lin was by this time already a little over the edge. He would not spare any chance to mock the envoy missionaries, particularly Ye Qingyu.

The crowd immediately glowered at him.

He became ever more pleased and guffawed, "He who has a clear conscience doesn't fear ghosts knocking on the door. The Wall of Storm doesn't just attack the body, but also shocks the mind at times. Judging from his spiritless look, he must have done too many things against his conscience, and that's why the wall has hit him hard. He looks like he's losing his mind!"

The Wall of Storm can shock a person's mind?

Everyone was stunned when they heard this.

Yu Xiaoxing and the other eight participants exchanged glances with one another. They did not sense, during the test, that consciousness power was discharged from the Wall of Storm.

Could Ye Qingyu be a special case?

Yu Xiaoxing became anxious and tense as she gazed at Ye Qingyu. With her heart in her mouth, she subconsciously raised a hand to pat on his shoulders.

"Your Majesty, be careful." Shangguan Wu's face turned pale as he swiftly obstructed her.

Even with his unfathomably deep cultivation, he was nearly sent flying when he tried to touch Ye Qingyu earlier. Hence, given Yu Xiaoxing's inadequate strength, she would certainly be jarred and injured.

But just then...

"Eh? What's happening?" Ye Qingyu, whose eyes had been inert, suddenly regained his senses, and understood what was going on as soon as he saw Yu Xiaoxing's worried face. He walked over and patted her hand, laughing. "Don't worry, I'm fine."

Throughout the Heaven Wasteland Domain, only Ye Qingyu was qualified to be this casual and intimate when facing the Wuzhao Empress.

Yu Xiaoxing heaved a sigh of relief.

With beams of curiosity in his eyes, Shangguan Wu scrutinized Ye Qingyu from head to toe before saying, "Lord Ye, are you really alright? Just now..."

The latter cupped his hands, laughing, "Lord Shangguan, thank you for your concern. I received a shock during the test of the Wall of Storm and lost control for a while because of alterations to my comprehension and inner yuan power. But I am feeling much better now."

"Oh?" Upon hearing this, Shangguan Wu was even more shocked. He thought back associatively to the feedback force he suffered when he tapped on Ye's shoulders, and immediately knew that the latter had just received a big opportunity. He subconsciously asked, "Is that true? Lord Ye, did you really gain comprehension from the power of the Wall of Storm? This is fantastic news. I wonder, what are the gains this time?"

Ye Qingyu had an excellent opinion of this deputy commander and trusted him greatly. Without any reservations, he laughed and replied, "The gains are considerable. Having gone through the Wall of Storm's enlightenment, I feel I'll soon be able to move another step forward."

With that, he began to operate his inner yuan, causing an aura to arise from all over his body.

A barely discernible pale green mist coiled around his body, raising his already otherworldly demeanor to the next level. In a flash, he became a walking Immortal and his body seemed to glow, thereby engendering a sense of unworthiness and shame in everyone on the plaza.

Huang Tayun, who had remained by the side in silence, changed countenance and his expression became ever more gloomy.

Conversely, Shangguan Wu appeared very excited. Unable to restrain himself, he patted Ye's shoulders repeatedly and said, "Haha, this is simply wonderful. Lord Ye is indeed a young, promising, and talented prodigy who bodes well for the future success of the Human Race!"

"Lord Shangguan, you flatter m,." Ye Qingyu humbly acknowledged.

In reality, although he was indeed not someone who enjoyed showing off, his purpose for displaying the gains and comprehension he just attained was to reveal his strength and potential.He would thereby impress Shangguan Wu and score a few more points for the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

At this time, the envoy mission finally felt relieved.

Ye Qingyu turned his body and cupped his hands toward the crowd, saying, "Sorry for making everyone worry just now."

"Lord Ye, no problem."

"Haha, that's right. We long knew that you'd pass the test."

"Yup. Only, some blind fella kept sneering from the side, all full of himself, thinking he's some kind of superior person. Hoho, he's actually nothing but a buffoon." From among the crowd, a quick-tempered and blunt-speaking Brute Race expert shouted.

A sea of laughter once again broke out.

Everyone knew who these words were aimed at.

Huang Lin's face flushed at once.

He glared at the Brute Race expert with gloomy eyes and snapped, "Lower domain bastard, who are you talking about?"

The atmosphere suddenly became tense.

"He was talking about you. Woof-a-meow, unhappy about that?"

A blustering voice was heard.

The silly dog Little Nine jumped out of the crowd and into mid-air, pointing a paw at Huang Lin and cursing.

"Woof... you f*ckin' smelly nincompoop, what's the matter, can't take an insult? Didn't you have a lot to say about Little Ye? What about now? Feeling like your face has been slapped silly?"

The crowd watched on dumbfoundedly and felt their anger being vented on their behalf by these words.

A sense of fear grew in Huang Lin's heart as he looked at the fang-baring and cheap-faced silly dog, "You... dog... you..."

The barking noises, that he heard at the dragon head city gate, which sounded like the furious roars of a divine dragon, reverberated in his mind. Golden stars inexplicably flashed in front of his eyes and a hallucinatory buzzing sound rang in his ears.

He was a little afraid of this dog.

"You douchey sick bastard. I even saw you stealing my pee under the city gate yesterday and drinking it furtively. You must have a screw loose somewhere. Tut-tut, your sneaky manner was simply pathetic..." The silly dog recalled the scene from yesterday and firmly believed that Huang Lin was a psychopath.

"You foolish dog, what nonsense is that? It was clearly the precious saliva of a mythical beast which I obtained yesterday, you..." Huang Lin subconsciously retorted but abruptly paused as if realizing something. Then, pointing a finger at the silly dog, he began to tremble violently, "You... what did you say? Pee, you..."

That explained why his cultivation did not increase at all after consuming the mythical beast saliva, and there were none of the effects promised in the legends. Huang Lin had been deeply puzzled, but finally understood why.

Did I really drink dog pee?

That drop of yellow liquid was this dog's pee?

Oh my god, this is utterly shameful.

His body shuddered until he was on the verge of fainting.

"Is this dumbass suffering a seizure?" The silly dog hastily dodged to the side, as if afraid of being infected.

Many among the envoy mission began to guffaw at his plight.

Even several guards looked disdainfully at Huang Lin.

Although the latter, who only enlisted in the Violet Gold Divine Guards and attained a captain's position thanks to his relations with his uncle, had already displeased many people with his regular conduct. His behavior today was simply so disgusting that many of the guards felt it a disgrace to be in the same squad as him.

Some of them tacitly took one or two steps back to maintain a distance from him.

Just then...

"Enough! Creating disorder on the test site and verbally assaulting someone else are grave offenses. When has a dog ever dared to talk in front of the holy Wall of Storm? Come men, take that reckless mad dog away and send it for slaughter in the Demon Refinery." Huang Tayun, who had remained silent, finally spoke up, his eyes brimming with bleak killing intent.







© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

