Chapter 413:


"Oh, in other words, the experts of the Great Desert Brute Race have set up an arena in the West City for the last four days?

Ye Qingyu nodded his head meaningfully.

"That's right, these Brutes are extremely arrogant. They've injured many people," Gao Han said. "Ever since the two great Brute Races and the two great demon courts sent their envoys into the capital, Snow Capital has begun to be completely chaotic. Especially these brutes, they don't recognize any rules and cause trouble everywhere. I've heard that several of the soldiers of the White Mountain Black Water envoys nearly ruined several girls and caused some disturbance.“

As Ye Qingyu heard to here, his eyebrows frowned, a glimmer passing by his eyes. "This is called some disturbance? According to the laws, they should be killed. How were they treated in the end?"

"It was resolved without a resolution. No one dares manage them. Those brute soldiers just strode away. Those pitiful women also later reported it to the government, but all the major departments are not willing to receive this case..." Gao Han said angrily.

Ye Qingyu slapped his palm upon the foundation stone of the stone palace with anger. "What about the people responsible for order in the Capital? The people of the patrolling camp? Shouldn't such a matter fall under their authority?"

"The head of Law and Order is said to be ill, and is not willing to show himself. That area belongs to the North River patrolling camp, and [Purple Eye] Du Heng is the head of the patrolling camp. According to what the rumours say, he ordered for those commoners who reported such a case, to be thrown out!" Gao Han sighed. "The current situation of the empire is like an egg shell. It is said that the Right Minister as well as the military department had sent out an order that they must ensure the success of this peace negotiation.They've also given a greeting to all the large gangs within the capital, as well as people of the Jinagu for them not to make enemies of the envoy. The main mission of all the patrolling camps of all the areas of the capital is not to guard against the other races, but to restrict the commoners. According to the rumours, in this period of time, every Jianghu people entering into the capital has to register, with stringent precautions. They are worried that some martial experts will break this restriction, and some hot-blooded brash person would do something that is not beneficial towards the greater good of peace negotiations."

"The greater good of the peace negotiations?" Ye Qingyu let out a sneer. "To show such concessions and take such a weak stance will make the other races look down on us even more. Can struggling on while at death's door really be able to exchange for peace? The tens of thousands of land of the empire, is won by metal, horses, hot blood, blades and swords. It is not won by begging for it. Those so called great people calculate too much, they try to balance too much. They have forgotten the most basic foundation.“

Gao Han remained silent.

A hundred years of peace had really caused far, far too much change in this once incomparably iron blooded empire. The successors had long gotten used to maintaining the status quo, and had lost their heart to advance.

"Send someone to find those pitiful girls and look after them. Then find out the names of the Brute Race soldiers..." Ye Qingyu looked towards the fire tree forest below, his tone calm and determined.

There was a trace of delight on Gao Han's face, "Lord, you mean..."

Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

But Gao Han already understood what his lord wanted.

……

"Who else?"

The Western city of the capital.

A Brute Race soldier that had a figure like a black bear shouted loudly in conceit.

The hair of this Brute Race soldier was messy, and he was about three meters tall, like a little giant. This was the special features of the Brute Race. A normal Brute Race would exceed two meters, but the height of this Brute Race soldier was around three meters.

There was white bone armour on the body of the Brute Race soldier. The skin it exposed was like little valleys and mountains rising, filled with an explosive kind of power. There were tight and clustered tattoos on his body, and a white bone spear made from the bones of some unknown gigantic beast that was pierced onto the arena.

At his feet was a middle-aged expert. The bones at his chest were broken and crushed, and he was spitting out large amounts of blood. It seemed he was unlikely to live.

That Brute Race soldier slapped his own shoulder and began crying loudly.

There were many people outside the arena.

There was an extreme face of anger and fury on everyone spectating.

On the other side of the arena, there were tens of Brute Race soldiers with looks of disdain as they laugh. They were also around three meters tall.

Amongst these Brutes, there was a human that was especially eye catching.

It was a human scolar, wearing a long robe with strange crimson Brute Race patterns. In his hands, there was a Brute Race beast fan, his face looking somewhat malicious.

From his appearance, he seemed to be acting as the translator of these Brutes.

The Brute soldiers on the arena lowered their heads and grumbled a few words to the malicious looking scholar. The scholar smiled and nodded his head, and turned around, his complexion turning disdainful. Looking at the people surrounding the arena, he began shouting loudly---

"Lord Stone Tiger said that he heard there are tigers and dragons hiding within the human capital. Who would have guessed this is just false, the people on the arena are too weak. If they are in the White Mountain Black Water, they would only be suitable for becoming slaves. Such weaklings do not even have the right to eat meat...The humans in the capital have really made him too disappointed. Lord Stone Tiger has lowered his standards, he says that if there is anyone who is able to make him use the bone spear next to him, it is his loss!"

There was the sounds of cursing and insults around the arena.

There were some insults directed at the Brute Race soldiers.

There were some insults directed at the malicious looking scholar.

In the eyes of many of the spectators, this scolar was even more horrible than these Brute Race soldiers. This person had betrayed his own race and gone to ally himself with another race. since ancient times, these people were called Betrayers, and were one of the most hated existence of the Human Race.

The Betrayer scholar on the arena was evidently someone who followed the Brute Race here. His attire was entirely something that belonged to the Brute Race, he had become one of their dogs.

"Who else dares come up? Haha, are there only cowards within the capital? It's been five days, but there's not even been one true expert that has appeared. Has the Human Race really fallen to such an extent? Haha, for such a weak race, what right does it have to possess the most wealthy and rich lands of Heaven Wasteland Domain?"

The Betrayer scholar began mocking loudly.

"Go die!"

There was someone in the crowd that could not bear it any longer. They took out a spear, and threw it like a bolt of lightning towards this scholar.

In the eyes of the Betrayer scholar, there was a trace of viciousness that flitted by.

"Die!" The beast feather fan in his hands flicked, and the spear in the air froze, then was rebounded. With an ever quicker speed, it shot back towards the direction it came from.

His strength, was evidently not low.

There were exclamations in the crowd.

The young man who threw the spear was deathly white.

He had only been overtaken with fury, and wanted to stab this Betrayer scholar to the death. His true power was only at the four Spirit springs, just how would he be able to receive such a spear returning with such terrifying force?

As he closed his eyes and waited for his death, there was another series of screams coming from his ears.

The young man opened his eyes uncertainty.

There was a figure that stood against the light.

A tall and high young man blocked in front of him. The sunlight shone on him, causing his back to be shaded. He extended his hand, and held the spear that was like a lightning bolt. There was less than a hair's width between the spear and his nose, but it could hardly advance any further.

"A wild dog that betrayed it's master dares to be so vicious in human territory?"

The tall young man opened his mouth, his voice bright and loud like a blade under the sun.

On the arena, the scholar coldly sneered, "Just who do you think you are, just what right do you have to berate me? If you have something against me, then come up on the arena to do battle!"

The Brute Race soldier called Stone Tiger also had a face filled with contempt as he beckoned with his finger towards the tall and high young man.

The young man loosened his hands.

Clang!

The spear in his hands fell to the ground.

The surrounding crowd subconsciously retreated.

The young man's figure flickered. The crowd could only feel their vision blurring, before he appeared on the arena.

"Force you to use your weapon?" He smiled. "If you are able to receive one of my moves, then it is your victory."

Before he had finished.

The palm of the young man moved.

A series of incomparably sharp blade glimmers emitted from his palm.

The complexion of Stone Tiger fiercely changed, sensing an instinctive threat. Grabbing the bone spear next to him, the body of the spear fiercely vibrated. With whooshing sounds, it became alive like a draconic python. At the same time, the tattoos on his body began emitting a sinister light. A hard to describe energy began emanating from his body.

This was the Brute magic power of the Brute Race.

The power of Stone Tiger instantly exploded. A power comparable to the Bitter Sea stage of human cultivation spread out.

But---

All this was for nothing.

When Stone Tiger's aura had reached its pinnacle, the blade glimmer in the hands of the young man struck out.

It was like a divine weapon cutting apart tofu.

The bone spear, along with the body of Stone Tiger, was cut neatly into two.

"What?"

The scholar was greatly shocked.

the tens of Brute Race soldiers had already reacted at this point. They roared with rage as they charged towards the arena, like frenzied tigers that surrounded and attacked the young man.

The young man lifted his hand unhurriedly and took out the long blade that was carried on his back.

On the hilt of the blade, there was a piece of bright red silk.

With the blade in his hands, the aura of this young man exploded. Instantly, his person was like an undefeatable War God that stood alone on the arena. Waiting until the tens of Brute Race soldiers had reached one meter near him, only then did the blade in his hand strike out.

At that instant, the light of the blade overshone the light from the Heavens.

All the figures of the Brute Race soldiers froze where they were.

"You... you are... [Matchless Blade King], Qin Zhishui?" Only at this time did the Betrayer scholar react. He had shock and fear on his face, his entire person gradually retreated as he began to prepare himself.

Half a year ago, the name of the [Matchless Blade King] was perhaps something only people of the Jianghu would know.

But ever since this person had cut off the heads of the two Brute Race leaders who competed to kill ten thousand humans amidst a heavily guarded and militarized camp, then hung their heads upon the war flag of the Brute Race, the name of the [Matchless Blade King] had already resounded throughout the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain.

In these several months, those White Mountain Black Water Brute Race, driven to fury by their , had sent large quantities of experts to kill Qin Zhishui. But the result was that there were heavy losses on their side...

One could say that in the hearts of the Brute Race, the name of Qin Zhishui had become one comparable to the demon king.

but they had never imagined, that they had sent attempts and attempts to kill Qin Zhishui, but he had appeared within the capital, and appeared here.

The scholar instantly realized the situation was not right, and turned around to flee.

Although he was a powerful martial expert, but he completely did not have any courage to fight with an existence like the [Matchless Blade King]. That was because he deeply knew just how strong the Brute Race experts were that had died under the blade of the [Matchless Blade King].

But it was already too late.

The blade of Qin Zhishui lightly cut out.

Then his blade retreated instantly.

"Che che che che..."

A blood light flashed by. On the body of the Brute Race soldiers as well as on the body of this scholar, there was a blade wound that clearly appeared. Then they were neatly cut in half, the corpse laying on the arena.

There were cheers all around the arena.

Then the crowd began to grow chaotic.

There were soldiers of the Empire rushing from far away.

On the arena, the figure of the [Matchless Blade King] had already disappeared at some unknown time. There was already no way of determining where he was.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 414:


"Lord, please, I beg you, you must save my grandchild. He did not do it deliberately, he really did not do it deliberately..." an old woman with silver hair seemed as if she had just seen her saviour. She knelt in front of Gao Han, hugging his leg, as she bitterly begged.

This was someone from a normal, commoner family.

Four days ago, her family of six had lived in poverty. The grandfather and grandmother, although late in their years, but their body was hardy. And Zhou Xiong was a somewhat famous beast doctor out of the surrounding streets, and his eldest son was a little instructor in a martial dojo nearby, and was still unmarried. His youngest daughter was following another person learning medical arts, and was a somewhat famous beautiful female beast doctor around the area...

But nightmare descended.

When the little girl followed the old master out to practice their medical arts, they had encountered several Brute Race soldiers. She was ruined. The girl, with a passionate personality, did not even return home before she committed suicide by drowning herself in the river. By the time she was trawled out from the water, her corpse had already stiffened...

The old grandfather, after hearing this, died from anger.

The grandmother also died similarly a day after...

The eldest son of Zhou Xiong was also driven crazy by anger.

The whole family reported these Brute Race soldiers, but in the end, no minister was willing to receive their case. They were even beaten as they were thrown out, one of Zhou Xiong's leg being broken. His eldest son went to fight with his life against those Brute Race soldiers, but before he could even reach the Brute Race soldiers, he was stopped by the soldiers of the patrol camps. There was conflict, and in the end, he was captured by the people of the patrol camps.

A family like this, where several days ago they were still living in harmony, talking and laughing with each other. But right now, there was white hung all around their courtyard, with signs of filial garments everywhere. It was tragic and terrible, three icy corpses being placed in the main hall. The head of the family, Zhou Xiong, was fainted on the stretcher, and his wife had grown a head of white hair overnight like an old woman, being plunged into despair.

This was Gao Han following Ye Qingyu's orders, as he went to investigate the girls of the Human Race that had been ruined by those Brute Race soldiers. This was the situation that he saw when he visited the courtyard of the first family!

The housewife, in her despair, evidently regarded Gao Han as her last shred of hope. She hung with her life at the leg of Gao Han as she bitterly begged.

After all, Gao Han wore the armour of the empire.

"Madam, speak slowly. How is your son? Where is he?" Gao Han quickly knelt down, his tone gentle as he asked.

The wife of Zhou Xiong continued on slowly and brokenly.

Gao Han nodded his head, saying, "Leave this matter with me. Don't worry, I will bring your son back. Is your son called Zhou Daiming? Don't worry, nothing will happen to him...”

After reassuring the incomparably terrified woman, he looked at the little courtyard that was icy cold like a cemetary, looking at the paper money floating in the cold wind, looking at the three corpses lying in the main hall, the fury in Gao Han's heart nearly could not be suppressed anymore.

Those damn Brute Race, as well as those soft boned ministers of the empire!

As he left the courtyard of the Zhou family, he could not help but turn around and have a look. Seeing the icy cold despairing gaze of the woman that was like a dead person, his heart could not help but feel pain.

In a chaotic world, commoners were like ants.

With the weakness of the empire, the tragic situation of the Zhou family was only one of the troubles that would be encountered by countless pitiful families. The Zhou family that was situated within the capital would encounter such a disaster. Then what about those civilians who lived in territories that had been possessed by the Brute Race and the Demon Race ,just how terrible would their fates be?

This was something that Gao Han did not dare think about.

In such chaotic times, would there really be a true hero who truly had the power to reverse the tides?

Gao Han could not be sure.

The cowardly attitude displayed by the ministers of the Empire caused the hearts of countless martial experts to grow cold. Gao Han had humongous hope and expectations towards his own Lord. If, under such a situation, there was someone who was willing to stand out, then Lord Ye would definitely be one of such persons.

"If the person that is truly able to reverse the tides is the Lord, then..."

There were such extravagant thoughts in Gao Han's heart.

Suddenly, there was a disturbance in the street in front of them. A group of patrol camp soldiers on horses were madly rushing, and what followed behind them were fully armoured soldiers, their spears like a forest. They were currently searching for something...

There were also passerbys walking briskly by.

"What is this? What has happened?" Gao Han grabbed at a passerby that was currently frantically walking by.

The passerby struggled for a bit, but did not break free. He was about to curse, but then he saw the government attire on Gao Han. His complexion immediately changed, "Perhaps you do not know, but the [Matchless Blade King] Qin Zhishui has appeared. He has killed countless Brute Race soldiers in West city. right now, all parties has been disturbed, and the patrol camps and the military has sent out experts that are currently working to capture him.”

[Matchless Blade King] Qin Zhishui?

Gao Han was taken aback. He had not heard that he had arrived in the capital

Why had he suddenly appeared?

And to think he would have killed Brute race soldiers...

Gao Han suddenly smiled, then loosened his hand. That person then ran off.

Haha, the successor of the Matchless Blade City was really iron blooded. It must be the Brute Race in the West city asking for their own deaths by setting up an arena. It was unknown how they had incited this reaper of death. The rumour said that Qin Zhishui hated the Brute Race the most. In these days, outside the capital, he had killed many Brutes in the three great provinces of the North East.

His gaze swept past the soldiers of the patrol camp, saying hiddenly in his heart: These people enjoyed the taxes of the commoners and the wages such provided, but they could not do their duty, and instead aided the enemy. To think that they would go kill such an iron blooded man for those Brute Race that deserved to die!

As he thought of this, he quickly came to the outside of the main patrol camp.

"Who is it? Stop!"

The soldiers on guard shouted.

Gao Han showed the badge that displayed his own military position, and indicated his intent. The soldier quickly rushed to notify.

In a while, another young leader of the soldiers came out.

The head of the patrol camp's gaze swept up and down Gao Han. sneeringly, "Someone from the [Light Palace]? Haha, it's been tens of years, but it's still my first time hearing someone from the [Light Palace] coming out to do something. Envoy of Light Gao, is it? Why have you come here, what do you want?"

Within his words, there was a heavy hint of mockery.

The [Light Palace] had gradually fallen for tens of years. It had long lost it's might and authority of the past. That was why even a tiny head of the patrolling soldiers would dare to be so rude and disrespectful towards the Envoy of Light.

Gao Han once again spoke of his intent in coming here.

"Oh? You want to bring someone away." The head of the soldiers had a fake smile. "That Zhou Daiming is a great criminal, he committed a grave crime. Right now, he is held in the prison of the great camp. Without the order of my lord, I'm afraid you cannot bring him away."

"Haha, you are really extremely arrogant. I am under the orders of the Lord of the Light Palace, Ye Qingyu, to bring a person away, even someone from the Imperial family would hand over a person," Gao Han said coldly. "You are only the leader of a tiny little patrol camp, but you dare to act big in front of me. Do you know that the [Light Palace] has the power to first execute then report? If you dare stop me, even if I kill you, you will have died in vain."

The heat of the leader of the patrol camp suddenly shivered.

Then he instantly began sneering, "You don't scare me, i want to see..."

Gao Han broke his words apart. "I'll count to three. If you don't go and bring him out, then don't blame me for being discourteous... one!

The complexion of the leader and the surrounding people greatly changed.

At this time---

"I want to see just how many guts do you have and how you are going to kill my people?"

An angry and authoritative voice resounded from within the camp. Qi shot out from all around, its might incomparable. This was namely the commander of the patrol camp, the voice of the [Purple Eye] Du Heng.

At the same time, an incomparably strong energy began exploding and spreading out.

The face of Gao Han changed.

It was not that he was afraid of Du Heng.

Such a level of energy was not enough to frighten [The Fisherman of Han River].

But if he really caused trouble, would it bring trouble to his Lord?

This was what Gao Han was worried about.

He was about to say something, when another voice sounded without warning above the air of the new recruit training camp. It was like a great bell that began resounding---

"The [Light Palace] has hidden itself for a hundred years, and there are already people who have forgotten the authority it had in the past... do you want to see? Gao Han, then let them see. Go take the person, whoever dares stop you, kill them without question!"

This voice suddenly appeared.

But Gao Han could instantly tell just whose voice this belonged to.

The Palace Lord.

What was this situation, that the Palace Lord was able to come out?

Different from Gao Han's mad joy, all the people of the patrol camp, including the commander felt shock in their hearts. They were able to sense a vast and invisible energy, appeared above the camp. It was as if there was a deity staring downwards from another realm, his might instantly enveloping the entire camp. Such a feeling was like if there was anyone who dared to make any move, there would instantly be heavenly fire and thunderbolts descending, destroying the entire camp!

[Purple Eye] Du Heng remained silent.

He of course could hear that voice.

That voice was something he could not be familiar with.

And the owner of that voice was something he could not be more familiar with.

An uncontrollable hatred and desire for vengeance began madly boiling within Du Heng's heart.

At that instant, he wanted to rush to the skies and strike.

But he ultimately held himself.

Because the pressuring aura he could sense from the air was enough to make him shiver. It was not something he could handle with his current strength.

He had investigated Ye Qingyu countless times.He had searched for his weakness countless times. This had caused Du Heng's knowledge of Ye Qingyu's actions ever since he came into the spotlight to reach an understanding a bystander could hardly understand.

This person was a madman.

This was Du Heng's judgement towards Ye Qingyu.

He was  a madman that dared to do anything.

He had not imagined that the madman who was imprisoned within the [Light Palace] without any way of escaping, to think he would have been able to escape?

In this half a year's time, the power of this madman had grow too terrifying.

If today he really forcefully stopped them from taking the person away, then perhaps there really would be a killing that would descend upon the patrol camp of the Northern River. No matter what the end result of that would be, he would likely be in danger of being killed.

Furthermore, Zhou Daiming was only a character that did not matter. It did not account for much if he handed him over.

The attitude of the [Light Palace] right now, was it to help the worm like commoners to vent some of their frustration? Haha, very good, if such a burning problem was received by the [Light Palace], this was the best result.

Du Heng sat within the commander tent, but he ultimately did not appear.

But through the window of the great tent, he could still see Gao Han bring Zhou Daiming away.

Such a submissive stance towards Ye Qingyu, made him incomparably furious.

But there was nothing he could do

At that instant, Du Heng suddenly realized, that although he wished he could killed Ye Qingyu for vengeance for the battle that day, but right now, he could already pose absolutely no threat to Ye Qingyu at all. He did not have the right to be his opponent anymore.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 415:


By the time Gao Han brought Zhou Daiming back, his wife nearly could not believe her own eyes.

Her entire family did not know Gao Han. They had only seen that Gao Han had worn official garments, so she had bitterly begged him as a desperate measure. After, Gao Han had left, and the wife of Zhou Daiming was completely heartbroken. She felt more and more that there was no hope, so her heart had died.

But she did not imagine that this person would really be able to bring her son back.

"Ming'er, Ming'er, you've returned. Did they hit you..." The wife shot forwards.

"Mother, I'm fine, I'm not even harmed." Zhou Daiming's face was swollen and bruised, but he did not suffer serious injuries. As he placated his mother, he constantly wiped his tears.

The two gave their heartfelt and sincere thanks and gratitude towards Gao Han.

"Lord, are you currently investigating the beast-like actions of the Brute Race? I'm willing to risk it all, I am willing to be witness. I am willing to do anything you say..." Zhou Daiming came in front of Zhou Daiming, his attitude one that of completely sacrificing himself.

He was after all an instructor of a martial dojo. Normally, he conversed with others, and therefore knew a little bit about how the empire currently was, and his thinking was also nimble.

Therefore, Zhou Daiming went out. The Gao Han who he had never seen before was willing to save himself, perhaps there was only one possible reason for this. And that was something to do with the Brute Race, and it was possibly related to the conflicts of the higher echelons of the different factions in the capital. If such a civilian like him was swept up into such a battle, then he would instantly be crushed into powder.

But seeing the three corpses lying in the main hall of his family, Zhou Daiming did not care about anything. Even if he was utterly crushed, as long as he was able to obtain justice for his grandfather, his grandmother, and his pitiful younger sister, then what did it matter if he died?

Gao Han smiled.

With his experience and insight, just how would he not be able to see through the true thinking of this young man.

Patting Zhou Daiming's shoulder, Gao Han smiled, "The way the [Light Palace] does things is only the right thing. As long as we are clear on this, we do not need to waste our breath on the opposing parties. Take care of your parents, don't go and fight any pointless and meaningless battles. My Lord will give you justice."

Zhou Daiming was taken aback.

……

Coming out from the Zhou family, Gao Han once again investigated the families of the girls that were ruined according to the information he had received beforehand.

There were girls that had been ruined by the Brute Race envoy group.

As he investigated family after family, the rage in Gao Han's heart was nearly on the boundary of explosion.

Out of the five girls, three had died. The girl of the Zhou family had killed herself by drowning in the river, while the other two were killed on the spot by the Brute Race. Of the other two, one was still currently unconscious and comatose and the other was the only girl of her family. She was carefully watched by her family, and had already attempted to take her own life tens of times, but was just saved by her family...

These five families were all originally complete and happy commoner families. Although  they could not be said to lack for nothing, but they were like many citizens of the empire. They lived on strongly, and had the little happiness that belonged to them. But such a little happiness was brutally and mercilessly destroyed just like that in an instant.

Gao Han carefully investigated the details of such a matter. With fury in his chest, he returned to the [Light Palace].

On the way, he once again encountered many experts of the military as well as the leaders of many of the patrols camps responsible for different districts. They were currently investigating the whereabouts of the [Matchless Blade King] Qin Zhishui everywhere. Some of the gangs and sects within the capital had already been completely chased to a mess. A secret location that belonged to the Matchless Blade City within the capital was already broken apart by the military. But they were not able to capture the successor of the Matchless Blade City…

Within the capital, there was a strange aura of complete chaos and unrest.

Returning to the City of Light, Gao Han asked to see Ye Qingyu at the first instant.

Sitting at the edge of the stone palace, Ye Qingyu finished hearing Gao Han's description. The rage in his heart also could barely be suppressed.

After carefully thinking it over, Ye Qingyu made his decision. "It's nearly been a year. It's time for us to show our fangs. Otherwise people might really think that our [Light Palace] is really useful for nothing. Those people of the Brute Race are ruthless and unreasonable, and they come here after winning a war against the capital. This is the time when their sense of self will inflate the most. Even if we want to discuss peace, no good result will come with discussing peace with the Brute Race such an attitude. This time, I want all seven of the Envoys of Light to act. I want you to kill all those Brute Race soldiers who commited a crime, to break the arrogance of those Brutes. Make them know that this is the capital of the Human Race and not the den of the Brutes. We will absolutely not allow those Brutes to do as they please.”

Gao Han was delighted as heard this. "I will carry out your orders."

After carrying out the investigation on the girls who had been ruined, the thing that he was worried about was that Ye Qingyu would care about the overall situation, and choose to sacrifice these girls without doing anything. If it was like this, he would be helpless. But he had not imagined he would take such a hard stance.

Such a decision unquestionably suited Gao Han's heart the most.

Gao Han increasingly felt that answering Ye Qingyu's summons and coming to the [Light Palace] was an incomparably right decision.

As for angering the group of Brute Race envoys, as well as some officials that were backing the peace negotiations, and his safety afterwards?

Gao Han did not consider too much.

Shedding his passionate blood, advancing forward, this was the temperament of a martial expert.

Those who humiliated the Human Race must die.

Balancing the situation was something that the higher ups should do. But shedding blood because of righteous anger was something that a martial expert should do.

After receiving the order, Gao Han quickly turned around and left. Suddenly thinking of something ,he turned around to regard Ye Qingyu. With hesitation, "Lord, you can already..."

Ye Qingyu knew what he was going to ask. "It's good that you know."

Gao Han became increasingly excited, turning to leave.

……

……

Xiu!

A ray of light shot out from the direction of the [Light Palace]. Like a comet in the daytime, it pass through the sky, attracting the gazes of countless people.

Boom!

The air exploded.

The Brute Race of the envoy group, was also startled.

"What happened?"

Tens of Brute Race crowded over, coming to the center of the courtyard. An ice sword was stabbed into the stone tiles, constantly vibrating. And on the body of this ice sword, there were three seals---

Order of Light!

In a flash.

The ice sword was respectfully handed to their superiors.

The great tent of the commander.

A tall figure, a young man with a perfectly proportioned body was sitting behind the huge dragon chair.

He seemed to be around twenty of years age, wearing a dragon headband, his hair the colour of scarlet fire, that draped down from behind his ears like that of a waterfall. It was as if he was burning in flames, having a natural air of authority around him. He had a warrior's overcoat cloaked over him. Even when just casually sitting there, he emitted a noble aura that belonged solely to an expert with high status.

This person was Jin San, the leader of the envoy group of the White Mountain Black Water.

But what made people be taken aback was that this famed leader of the [Berserk Horned army] Jin San, was that his body was much smaller than a normal Brute Race warrior. He was around two meters tall, and was somewhat similar to a strong human martial expert. His muscles were not as exaggerated as a normal Brute Race soldier, and he did not possess the rampant wild and rough aura of his Brute Race. Instead, he seemed somewhat elegant and gentle.

"“Order of Light? That should be the legendary Palace of Light. Haha, is someone about to take action?"

Jin San faintly smiled, a strange light flickering in his eyes.

The other Brute Race officers in the great tent did not understand the meaning of their commander. A tiny little ice sword, to think it dared to pierce towards the area of the envoys so obviously? Those little bastards of the Human Race, were they looking to die again?

"Commander, those humans are pretending again. I think that we'll have to show them how amazing we are. I'll break this tiny little ice sword..."

A Brute Race expert that was like a small giant suddenly stood up with a roar.

Jin San smiled, "You go try."

"Haha, I'll try, I'll try..." The little giant took large strides forward. He grabbed the silver ice sword from the hands of the soldiers, a power exploding from his palm, wanting to crush the ice sword into pieces.

But he was perplexed to discover that in the hands of a normal soldier, this ice sword did not seem extraordinary. But as soon as this Brute Race expert held it in his hands and wanted to expend strength to destroy it, a faint silver light as well as a terrifying cold qi, exploded.

In the great tent, the temperature rapidly dropped.

"Ah..." The Brute Race soldier who was holding the ice sword let out a scream of shock .The power of the Brute Race magic power exploded, and tattoos like armour appeared on the surface of his body. It turned into light that surrounding his body, wanting to crush the ice sword.

But the next instant, white frost covered around his body, wrapping around his entire person. It surrounded his tattoos in light, freezing it also. In the blink of an eye, he had turned into an ice sculpture!

Through the thin layer of light, one could still see the conflict of fear and anger on the expression of this little giant.

The little ice sword held in his huge hands still emitted a faint silver radiance.

Within the great tent, the complexion of the Brute Race experts all changed drastically.

An increasingly piercing cold qi began to emit from the silver little word. They could clearly see, on the ground, that the ice patterns were like beautiful and fatal silver snakes. It seemed slow, but they crawled extremely quickly. In the blink of an eye, there was silver frost covering the entire ground of the tent, as well as the table, the chairs, and the canvas of the tent behind them.

Such a terrifying ice cold qi was enough to make their hands and legs feel numb and stiff.

The silver frost on the ground had nearly constricted their hands and legs. Any movements of the Brute Race experts, would be many times slower than normal.

"Damn!"

"Heavens, is this... an ice realm?"

The Brute Race experts all fluctuated the brute magic power, but it seemed they could not entirely block the cold qi.

In less than three breaths of time, the entire great camp had turned into an ice case. Icicles that were like blades and swords, grew from the ground, piercing towards everyone.

The Brute Race experts were plunged into chaos.

Only the expression of Jin San behind the huge dragon table did not change.

"I heard the [Light Palace] of the Human Race was given to an inexperienced little kid, and was not a worry. From the current situation, it seems that we have underestimated the new Palace Lord. This Order of Light is him showing off his fangs!"

He faintly smiled.

And blew lightly with his mouth.

A tiny little kindling flew out from his mouth.

Instantly, warm aura spread out, pushing away and dispersing the cold qi in the tent. All the ice patterns and frost instantly disappeared from the ground, the walls, and the bodies of the people. The Brute Race experts all shivered, it was as if everything they had just experienced was just an illusion.

On the ground, there was no signs of the ice that had melted left behind.

There was only the Brute Race soldier who held the ice sword. He was still in the center of the tent, in the form of a sculpture.

The kindling that blew from Jin San's mouth slowly and steadily headed towards the direction of the ice sculpture.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 416:


The fire kindling landed on the ice sculpture.

But Jin San's expression suddenly faintly changed.

The ice did not do as he imagined, and dissolve instantly. Instead, a faint layer of water light activated, and a strange ice qi power faintly resisted against the fire kindling.

When Jin San was young, he had fallen into a crevice of space and discovered a mysterious immortal herb garden. He had swallowed a [True Fire Ginseng], and was able to control the 'One Taste' True Flame.

When he managed to escape from the crevice of space, relying on the power of this True Flame, he suddenly rose to prominence in the Other army. He ran rampant throughout White Mountain Black Water, without anyone being in his opponent, sitting firmly in his position within the [Berserk Horned army]. In these hundreds of years, he was one of the greatest martial talent that had the possibility of becoming Saint Mage of the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race.

That kindling he emitted right now held the power of the 'One Taste' True Flame as well as the brute magic power. It was definitely unordinary, and extremely profound. Even thousand-year-old ice would instantly be incinerated in an instant by it.

But why was it that such a little ice Order of Light was able to resist against that kindling?

There was a trace of confusion that appeared on Jin San's face.

It seemed that the young generation of the Human Race from the rumours who had assumed responsibility over the [Light Palace],was evidently more powerful than it indicated from the reports.

"The Human Race has ruled over Heaven Wasteland Domain for about a hundred years. There are countless experts, and there are some existences that are never seen or heard of that have the power to suppress a race. They cannot be underestimated. Although we have gained the upper hand in the situation, but if the Human Race really made their determination to fight to the last breath, the victor or loser is not yet decided. Therefore, do not be too overboard in these days, understand?"

As Jin San activated the fire kindling to melt the ice sculpture, he shouted his orders.

"We listen to your orders!"

The Brute Race experts all replied within the tent.

The prestige and authority of Jin San was the greatest amongst the group.

Previously, they had been scared by the bone piercing ice qi power that came in front of them. A tiny little ice sword, to think it could turn into a terrifying ice realm. If not for the fact that the leader had acted, everyone would be heavily injured.

At this time, the experts of the Brute Race could still sense the cold qi power within their bodies. Their limbs were cold. It would need the work of three or four days at least, before they could force the coldness out from their bodies.

"We are the descendants of the Saint Mage of White Mountain Black Water. We bitterly struggle to live in the poor and barren land of the Brute Race, and have subsisted on nothing for many years. It is all done for today! It is absolutely impossible for us to kill all humans. As long as we are able to win the wealthy lands of the three great provinces in the North East, then we will have gained the ability to flourish and reproduce. In another fifty years’ time, the descendants of our Saint Mage will run rampant over Heaven Wasteland Domain. At that time, it will truly be the moment to rule over all..." There was a self-confident smile that appeared on Jin San, "The current human Snow Emperor, is only a fatty that has fallen into a trap, surrounded by all sides .This time, we will only cut off his flesh for us to eat but not kill him. We cannot force this fatty with strength still left to desperate measures. Listen to my orders, we will act more on the periphery these days.”

As these words were finished, the misfortunate Brute Race expert in the middle of the tent finally had the ice layer on his body removed. It transformed into strange white mist that disappeared in the air…

"Sigh..."

This Brute Race expert let out a jet of blood.

Before the jet of blood landed on the ground, it transformed into a blood-coloured ice stick that fell to the ground. A tragic cold qi began emitting from this blood-coloured ice.

The body of this Brute Race expert fell down, his whole body shivering all over. His face was deathly pale, like a dead corpse with all it's blood gone. The previously powerful-like-a-dragon little giant could not even stand up.

The ice sword Order of Light slowly floated up from his hands. Sparkling with light, it began spinning quietly and slowly in the air.

The Brute Race experts did not dare come near.

"Ah… I'm about to freeze to death..." The Brute Race, under the aid of his comrades, was finally able to recover. Deeply breathing in, he could only feel there were like thousands of icy needles travelling throughout his veins and arteries, causing him extreme pain.

"Lord..." There were other Brute Race experts who beseeched Jin San for aid.

The fingers of the Jin San curled up. Like plucking flower with his fingers, he lightly flickered. A small faint gold kindling flew out, then flew back towards the Brute, towards the location of the injury.

"Bring Officer Jin Zheng away. After resting for ten days, he will recover." Jin San waited his mouth, "This matter is to teach you people a lesson. In the future, do not be so arrogant and don't cause trouble for me."

The Brute Race all promised their obedience and left their comrade who was injured outside the great tent.

In the great tent, there was only Jin San left.

He slowly sat up from the bone chair, slowly taking steps forward. He came floating before the little ice sword. Smiling, he suddenly lifted his right hand. Without knowing when, his right hand had already transformed into a fiercely burning flame that firmly pressed towards the little ice sword flickering with ice qi light.

Suddenly, within the great tent, the cold qi exploded yet again.

The little ice sword was like a dragon that had been provoked. It began fiercely quaking, as a hard to describe cold qi exploded. In an instant, nearly three of the fingers of Jin San's right hand was frozen.

On the four sides of the tent, there was the light of brute magic formations emitting. It was like many little blood-coloured little snakes, emitting a strange energy, that began to restrict the cold qi in the air.

There was a scarlet red, that flashed by on Jin San's face, the fury in his eyes evident.

Finally, the Order of Light ice sword let out a noise and began cracking. It turned into a silver radiance that disappeared in the air.

Jin San's expression was extremely serious. Only after a while did it return to normal.

"It seems like I've underestimated him.”

He muttered to himself.

Then the expression on his face quickly turned into self-confidence.

"The methods of this human of the younger generation is really somewhat strange. His martial strength should not be low. If I was to fight him on the arena, I must be careful. However, it seems this person is just brash, his view of the entire situation is too low. It will be hard for him to become someone important. Unless a person's strength reaches the extreme, it is difficult for them to affect the final outcome. If in the battle of two armies, on a battlefield with tens of thousands of soldiers, it is as easy as taking an item from my own pocket to kill this man.”

There was a shred of disdain that appeared on Jin San's face.

At this time, there was the sound of personal guards reporting from the outside.

"Commander, the seven envoys from the [Light Palace] have arrived, demanding that we hand over the perpetrators. They want us to hand them over immediately." A Brute Race soldier came into the tent, kneeling on one knee and respectfully reporting.

"They want someone? And immediately?" Jin San faintly smiled, "It's only some lowly women that died from the human race... make them wait outside, do you think they'll dare intrude here?"

"Yes."

……

……

All the seven Envoys of Light appeared at the place where the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race stayed.

This was originally an area where the rich and noble of Snow Capital stayed in. After the White Mountain Black Water entered into the capital, this was given as the area where the Brute Race would stay. There were soldiers of the patrolling camp outside to protect and guard the boundary, and there were also elite soldiers of the Brute Race that patrolled within.

But without knowing when, the Brute Race had expanded such an area more than tens of times. The boundary had been pushed back to the normal streets, and had even exceeded the distance where the patrol camp had been stationed at the boundary.

And on the normal streets that led to their location, there was a plaque that was held high up, with words in the human language----

Humans are dogs, they are not allowed inside.

This plaque had a naked mockery and had the contempt of the Brute race held in it. Countless people saw it, and countless people were furious and wanted vengeance. But there was nothing they could do.

At this time, the seven Envoys of Light stood below this plaque.

Opposite.

There were three rows of elite Brute Race soldiers holding spears and shields. Like a black steel city wall, they stood threateningly, blocking off the route of the seven.

Gao Han's gaze constantly passed by the plaque. The fury in his heart had already risen to the peak.

And the person who was even more furious was the silly little dog, Little Nine.

“Hachi hachi... woof woof, what does this group of damn Brutes mean. Humans and dogs are not allowed to enter? What if you're a dog? Dogs are the most clever and beautiful life forms in the world... woof, woof, I must bite this group of bastards to death!”

Little Nine had red, furious eyes.

If not for the fact that Wen Wan was tightly holding him back, he would already have rushed out to fight.

Ximen Yeshui laughingly looked on as if he was looking at a show.

"Hey, brother Gao, why are we standing here reasoning with them. We should just charge straight in and kill some Brutes, as vengeance for those girls. If we wait here, just how long will we have to continue waiting..."

He had a complete appearance of someone who was watching a show, not minding in the least if it would cause too much trouble.

Gao Han was the person who Ye Qingyu relayed the order through. Right now, he was the center of the seven Envoys of Light. Hearing this, he bit his teeth, "We'll first treat them with pleasantries before using any force."

The Yang Henshui and Li Changheng next to him, their current mood could not use anything other than utter shock to describe it. They had never thought that their Lord that was like a prisoner, would really go crazy today. To think that he would want to act against the envoys from the Brute Race...

Liu Jingyan and Dai Youmeng right now were bitterly praying they would not get into a fight today. Otherwise, whether they won or lost, there was no way of wrapping this matter up. The future of the two would be completely finished, and perhaps they would become the scapegoat of this incident...

Following such a madman superior was really akin to treading on thin ice.

Slowly, the time they had given of fifteen minutes was quickly ending.

There were already approximately several thousand people surrounding behind the seven Envoys of Light. The reasons as to why they were there were already spread through word of mouth. Right now, everyone knew. Every human, whether they were a martial expert or a commoner, or even those soldiers of the patrol camp who had been ordered here to guard the location of the Brute Race envoy residence, wished for the seven envoys of light to vent the anger of the Human Race.

It was like wings had grown on such news, it madly spread throughout.

There were increasingly more and more people spectating.

Countless people had expectant gazes, as they stared at the back of the seven.

Time passed by second after second.

When the incense had burned down to its last, as the final ashes finally fell down, Gao Han deeply breathed in. Grabbing through the air, a short fishing rod suddenly appeared in his hands.

If they were not willing to hand them over, then it was battle.

The fury and will to do battle in his chest, finally could not be suppressed anymore.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

