Chapter 1333:


Chapter 1346, You owe me a lot

“It succeeded?” The Ferryman of the Netherworld was astonished by this scene.

As a living being raised by heaven and earth, it was rare to see him lose self-control like this. But seeing Ye Qingyu as well as Liu Shaji come out of the island of the land of extreme death at the same time, even if he was psychologically prepared beforehand, he still couldn't help but exclaim out loud. It was clear that the Great Imperial Emperor’s control of the way of rebirth had already exceeded the instinct of life.

Ye Qingyu was glowing all over, treading across the water of the yellow spring in the direction of the Ferryman of the Netherworld with Liu Shaji.

“It's not exactly a success.” Ye Qingyu shook his head.

Although he had mastered the power of rebirth, he couldn’t really reverse life and death. With the previous preparation, and coupled with the nurturing of the World Tree, Liu Shaji had already formed a body of flesh and blood, which looked exactly the same as he was before. This was why he could be rapidly resurrected. However, this resurrection was not a complete rebirth. Ye Qingyu found that Liu Shaji's present appearance, state and even strength were exactly the same as it was back then, but his memory was incomplete. He did not recognize Ye Qingyu and was situated in a state of confusion.

After listening to Ye Qingyu's description, the Ferryman of the Netherworld went into deep thought.

He offered to check Liu Shaji’s condition.

Liu Shaji gave a slight frown.

After his rebirth, he was in a state of confusion and extremely repulsive to everything of the outside world. It was only from Ye Qingyu's body that Liu Shaji felt a close strength that he could trust. He instinctively and unconditionally trusted Ye Qingyu, and so after a short hesitation, his eyes shifted to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu hesitated for a moment, and after a simple exchange with Liu Shaji, agreed to the Ferryman of the Netherworld’s request, because in these years, most of the time, it was the Ferryman of the Netherworld who took care of Liu Shaji's little tree of life. He should have the greatest understanding of the situation. Moreover, the Ferryman of the Netherworld was born with a remarkable ability regarding the soul of life and death, and may perhaps discover something.

A moment later.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld breathed a long sigh of relief.

“According to Your Majesty's description and my observation, the problem isn’t big. We just need to let him return to some familiar places, contact with some old friends, and he should be able to find his lost memory. At that time, Liu Shaji will be the same Liu Shaji. After all, after this rebirth, his soul and spirit are complete, and exactly the same as the past.”

This was the conclusion the Ferryman of the Netherworld came to.

Ye Qingyu nodded, as it was the same conclusion that he had reached.

Thus, he felt less worried about Liu Shaji's situation.

……

……

A day later.

The Divine Hall of the Immortal Dojo.

“Heavens, he's really alive?”

Old Fish looked at Liu Shaji with great astonishment, his mouth wide enough for a duck egg to be stuffed in.

Everybody could tell that the old man was extremely excited, extremely emotional, but still forcibly held back. He burst into loud laughter, patting Liu Shaji's shoulder, “Well, well, it's good that you're back... You brat, still owe me a few drinks... I thought you were dead, and poured several jars of your favourite origin crystal wine over your grave. Now that I think about it, it really is a waste. You have to compensate me.”

Liu Shaji looked at Old Fish with a puzzled gaze. He knew that he should be a good friend of his before his resurrection.

“Uncle Liu...”

“Great... Uncle Liu, you've finally come alive.”

“Uncle Liu, we miss you so much.”

Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling’er and the other two hundred young girls and boys who Liu Shaji had sacrificed his life to save were all moved to tears.

They were all already top Quasi-emperor experts, and among them, Bai Yuanxing and Jin Ling'er had already broken through into the Martial Emperor realm because they had obtained the blood of the ancient gods. These elite disciples, who were all calm and steady influential figures under the Imperial God Emperor, and rarely show their feelings on their face, were all appointed to oversee different star domains of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. However, at this time, they were all unable to control their emotions. Several girls even had tears streaming down their beautiful faces. If others were to see this, their eyes would definitely pop out from shock.

Of course, the crying was because of excitement and joy.

Back then, Liu Shaji risked his life to save them, and thus his sacrifice would be remembered forever. He was like a second parent to them.

“Woof, I heard that Little Chicken is back?” With a flash of lightning, a machine dog wearing an alloy amour rushed in, swiftly circled around Liu Shaji a few laps, exclaiming, “Exactly the same... it is really you? What is that expression? Don't you remember woof? We're good friends...”

Liu Shaji looked at the dog with a puzzled expression, a seemingly familiar feeling inside.

“What's the matter? No way? You really don't remember woof?” Little Nine shook his body, while the silver alloy armour automatically faded into a necklace and appeared around his neck, revealing his white fluffy fur. He proudly shook his head and tail, “It's me, the invincible Little Nine...”

On one side, Bai Yuanxing hurriedly explained to Little Nine about Liu Shaji's situation.

“Huh? Amnesia? Really?” Little Nine looked astonished at Liu Shaji.

Liu Shaji nodded. He had nothing to hide regarding his present condition.

“Hahaha, I see.” Little Nine rolled his eyes, “Little chicken, do you remember that you still owe me a lot of things. An Emperor weapon, ten jars of imperial wine, and hundreds of Quasi-emperor soldiers, and countless food, and...” Little Nine said everything in one breath and was ready to continue.

Ye Qingyu's face darkened.

Bai Yuanxing and the others didn't know whether to cry or laugh.

A dog really won’t change.

“Really? I've forgotten, so it doesn't count.” Liu Shaji replied indifferently. “What's more, even if I remember I cannot afford these things.”

He had amnesia, and not dementia, how could he not see through the little white dog's tricks.

Little Nine frowned with disappointment.

Ye Qingyu felt much more at ease when he saw that Liu Shaji gradually began to adapt to his new state.

For the next period of time, Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er and the others were responsible for taking Liu Shaji to Clear River Domain, to visit some familiar places of the past and visit some of his old friends who were still alive, hoping that he could find the memory of the past.

Ye Qingyu spent some time patrolling the Vast Thousand Star Domains and the Dark Realm.

Over time, the cosmic protective power of the world had weakened, some space-time gaps gradually widened, which indicates that the Vast Thousand Star Domains had gradually begun to be exposed to the dark forest-like universe. The invasion and threat of Space-Time Fiendgod Sovereigns were gradually changing from possible to inevitable.

The time for the entire Vast Thousand Star Domains to prepare was becoming less and less.

And under the direction of the light brain [The Beginning], the preparation of the Vast Thousand Star Domains had been methodically increased.

In particular, following the development and ascension of the undeveloped star domains, the strength of the Vast Thousand Star Domains also increased, and so did the power of Ye Qingyu.

And west of the great wall in the Dark Realm, in the area of chaos, the Invaders had begun to riot. The number of Invaders and average combat power were also rising. The military began to feel the pressure.

After a month, Ye Qingyu returned to the Immortal Dojo.

While patrolling, Ye Qingyu had been trying to integrate with the destiny of the Vast Thousand Domains and the Underworld, but the progress was slower than expected.

Eventually, he decided to go to the Underworld again.

Moreover, he decided to bring Great Emperor Xiaofei and Empress Shui Xiu to the Underworld Star Domain, let them again cultivate Underworld Emperor strength in the Underworld Star Domain, and then fuse with the last remaining Underworld destiny in the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. The reason for choosing these two people was because Li Xiaofei was the strongest person after Ye Qingyu, and Empress Shui Xiu had mastered the power of the Nanming Fire, which is connected to the underworld power. As for Song Xiaojun and the others, Ye Qingyu had other arrangements.

After Li Xiaofei and Shui Xiu were exposed to the aura of the Underworld power in the [Cloud Top Cauldron], Ye Qingyu brought them to the Ancient Fiendgod City in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss and passed through the black space-time tombstone passage and came to the Underworld Star Domain.

Ye Qingyu found a good place for them to practice in the Underworld Star Domain, so that the two Emperor experts can practice the power of the underworld in secret.

While Ye Qingyu began to understand the origin power of the Underworld Star Domain, and attempted to integrate the destiny of the two great star domains in such an environment.

As expected, unlike in the Vast Thousand Star Domains, Ye Qingyu made some special progress.

He found that the power of the Dao and laws of this star domain were very similar to the so-called ghost world where the Nameless Emperor and others planted a World Tree.

“What would happen if the Underworld Star Domain was combined with the Ghost World?”

Ye Qingyu thought of the role of the Dark Realm to the Vast Thousand Domains. He felt that if the Ghost World was placed in the periphery of the Underworld Star Domain, perhaps some wonderful changes would happen. Then, if the Vast Thousand Star Domains could be directly linked with the Underworld Star Domain, just like yin and yang, or let the Vast Thousand Star Domains become the world of the living and the Underworld Star Domain become the nether world, would it allow him to integrate the destiny of the two star domains and finally take that step?

He began to calculate and assess.

Eventually, two years later, Ye Qingyu concluded that such an attempt could be made.

And it was also at this time that Ye Qingyu suffered an attack from three top Emperor experts in the Underworld Star Domain. It was obvious that the three great Underworld Emperors had detected the destiny power on Ye Qingyu, and sensed the arrival of an opportunity. If they killed Ye Qingyu, then they could obtain the Underworld destiny on Ye Qingyu's body, which could help them step out of the bottleneck that had troubled them for years.

However, they miscalculated.

Ye Qingyu's strong invincibility made their plan fail, and in the end, the three great top Emperor experts all perished.

Ye Qingyu, on the other hand, tried to make his speculation a reality.

What he needed to do first was to alter the star formations of the Vast Thousand Star Domains and the Underworld Star Domain.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1334:


Chapter 1347 The Sage of the Underworld

It was no simple feat to link the fates of two star domains together.

Ye Qingyu spent another two years before discovering a method that could probably work—he could begin from the Formation of Stars.

Now, both the Vast Thousand Star Domain and the Underworld Star Domain were already closely linked to Ye Qingyu. He tried to use his power of control to change the positions of domains and planets, thereby altering their course of travel and positions in the Formation of Stars. This caused a transformation in the entire star domain and formation. The most ideal status was for each star domain's formation to channel its own formation individually after the transformation. If two Formation of Stars were separated by vast space and did not repel each other, it would be a perfect marriage.

In more direct terms, he was setting up a formation with the stars as his chess pieces.

Ye Qingyu began to try over the next few years.

Firstly, he had to completely understand the star formations within the Vast Thousand and Underworld Star Domains.

Ye Qingyu's physical self had broken free of both star domains, and he revealed his main true form. He sat amongst the stars and used his [Eyes of the Void] to observe the course of the star formations. He observed the role that each star in each domain played in the system it was in, as well as its drifting course. This was the same thing that Ye Qingyu did when he became the main sovereign of the Vast Thousand Star Domain, but he did so in greater detail now. Not only did he record his findings, he even thought about them.

Fifty years later—

Shui Xiu and Li Xiaofei became Underworld Emperors.

Ye Qingyu led the others out of the Underworld Star Domain before sending them back to the enclosed dimension in the [Cloud Top Cauldron], so that they could maximize their time spent absorbing the Underworld power. As for how much they could take in, it would be dependent on their own fate and luck.

At the same time, even though the auras of the three top-level Emperors in the Underworld Star Domain who were slain were far weaker than that of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, they had been absorbed and gathered by Ye Qingyu, who had begun to grasp a little about the essence of these auras, and introduced them into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Ye Qingyu's original plan was to take down and execute all of the Emperor-level experts in the Underworld Star Domain. However, he gave up the idea eventually.

This was because he began to vaguely realize, as his understanding of the Underworld Star Domain deepened, that the ghostly creatures in the domain were not naturally evil, and that the power of the Underworld was not a completely evil power as well. Unintelligent undead creatures were only equipped with the instinct to kill and devour, just like the wild beasts in the Vast Thousand Star Domain. Those that were intelligent, however, were able to differentiate between good and evil. They created their own civilization, and they were "alive" in a sense. If Ye Qingyu slaughtered them without any consideration, it would be no different from the Ancient Ghostly Emperor's behavior in the Vast Thousand Domains. This would turn Ye Qingyu into an Invader of the Underworld Star Domain.

Furthermore, Ye Qingyu had another plan in mind.

After settling Li Xiaofei and Shui Xiu down, Ye Qingyu ventured to the Underworld Star Domain again.

He did a series of experiments, such as taking a part of the World Tree and planting it on a planet in the Underworld Star Domain. The unknown Quasi-emperor who cultivated the World Tree in the Underworld gave him inspiration, therefore he wanted to try planting it in the Underworld Star Domain as well. That was because Ye Qingyu had already confirmed that there was no World Tree that existed in the system yet.

After a decade, Ye Qingyu eventually managed to bring a division of the World Tree to live in the star domain.

This proved the uniqueness of the World Tree. It was also within Ye Qingyu's expectations.

However, according to Ye Qingyu's observation, the World Tree mutated slightly after coming to life. For now, he was still uncertain, but he was sure that it would turn out differently from the real World Tree. He could only continue observing now.

Ye Qingyu set up hidden barrier formations around the area where he grew the World Tree, before creating layers of illusory formations. He left after ensuring that it would not be affected by the actions of external parties for a long time.

However, he was completely in no hurry to leave the Underworld Star Domain.

Over the next ten years or so, Ye Qingyu transformed into the Underworld Emperor and roamed the huge planets of the Underworld Star Domain. He also interacted with the intelligent undead beings, and melded into their civilization. He even created his own faction and sect of undead members, eventually earning the fearsome reputation as the new King of the Undead.

While within the civilization of the Undead, the Immortal Underworld God Emperor, a manifestation of Ye Qingyu, was like a streaking comet. He belonged to no school or sect, but his strength was terrifying. He became a legend of the martial arts community and his fearsome reputation spread around the lands. To Ye Qingyu, however, this was achieved without breaking much sweat, as his own power alone was enough to take down all the other experts in this star domain.

Under his purposeful planning, the Immortal Underworld Emperor became a legend with a great reputation and immense charisma.

He set up another Immortal Dojo in the Underworld Star Domain and began recruiting. He also gathered unknown breathing techniques and Ancient Spirit Manuals, thereby enabling him to create an extremely unique undead technique. It allowed him to stimulate the consciousness and wisdom of lower-level spirits. This was an earth-shattering and hugely transformational technique in this star domain, as this meant even those unintelligent, barbaric and lower-ranked chaotic undead could train and become intelligent once this technique became popular. This would, in turn, change the entire landscape of their civilization.

Ye Qingyu named the technique [The Heavenly Underworld Mantra].

The birth and spread of this technique caused the Immortal Underworld God Emperor's reputation to reach its peak in the entire Underworld Star Domain. He had become somewhat of a saint to the undead in the star domain, and his name was so dazzling that he seemed to have been elevated to savior status.

Under the pretext that the previous sovereign, the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, had gone missing, Ye Qingyu had evidently become the new pillar of support and peak martial artist in the minds of the beings of the Underworld Star Domain.

It was also at this moment that Ye Qingyu could suddenly sense a strange movement of the Underworld Power in his body. It resonated with the entire star domain, as if they were pulsing together. Strange phenomena appeared in the entire star domain, causing the Emperors in the domain to feel a strange sense of trepidation.

"The Power of the Sovereign of the Underworld... Now I understand."

Ye Qingyu could sense the qi within his body surge. The Underworld power that had already been absorbed in his body turned active again, as if it were a scorching torrent. It surged wildly, and eventually truly melded into his body. New power was generated endlessly as a result of the new merger.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu had completely advanced to a stage worthy of being known as the sovereign of the Underworld Domain.

"This time, I stumbled my way to success."

Ye Qingyu could feel his newfound powers coursing through his body, and he felt inspired.

He understood now that if he wanted to achieve the title of sovereign and be accepted by the entire star domain, he would not only have to absorb as much aura as possible, he would also need the telepathic power of the beings in the star domain. This followed the same theory as the way the [Life Sword Mantra] passed down by the peerless War God which gathered the faith of the people. The combination of the beings' telepathic faith, worship, aura, and martial prowess would turn him into a true sovereign. He realized that he had only truly embarked on a new journey out of all the paths he took mindlessly in the Vast Thousand Star Domain.

To this end, Ye Qingyu managed to attain the esteemed position of sovereign of both the Vast Thousand Domains and Underworld Star Domain at the same time.

This increased the confidence Ye Qingyu had of adjusting the star formations of both huge star domains greatly.

He kept running through his thoughts over and over again, before deciding to run some more experiments prior to the real attempt.

After all, this was an important matter.

After that, Ye Qingyu returned to the Vast Thousand Domains.

News from the military headquarters came. The Invaders west of the defensive line at the Great Wall of the Dark Realm were becoming increasingly restless. Huge, indescribable amounts of Invaders carried out a wild counterattack. As time passed, the Invaders' battle prowess seemed to be increasing exponentially, as did their terrifying presence. Some of the scout posts and temporary camps set up at critical forts beyond the Great Wall by the military headquarters had completely been destroyed, pushing the combined forces of the Dark Realm and the Vast Thousand Domains back to the Great Wall defensive line.

The situation of this battle turned intense suddenly.

At the same time, the casualties suffered by the military headquarters in the war were also increasing unavoidably.

Of course, the Great Wall defensive line was still in solid shape, with a few current Emperors holding the fort.

However, the morale of the troops, which was immense at its peak, had taken a hit.

To solve this, Ye Qingyu appeared personally and unleashed his remarkable ability. In one move, he turned all of the Invaders within a five hundred-kilometer area west of the Great Wall defensive line into dust. This caused the entire area to be covered with hazy chaos sword qi, and any Invader who attempted to enter this area within a one-year time span would be instantly turned into dust.

The morale of each troop greatly increased.

The Imperial God Emperor had not shown himself for centuries, and there were only legends of him that were being passed around. People rarely saw his true self, and his appearance was earth-shattering. It shook the world, and caused everyone's confidence to increase. With such a peerless sovereign on their side, final victory would surely be theirs.

However, the battle became more cruel.

Over the next century, the people began to realize that the Invaders were changing their usual chaotic and unorderly form of wild attacks. They seemed to have evolved and began to introduce structure into their attacks. They coordinated with each other and even came up with formations. Also, their organization was tighter.

The form of the battle was beginning to change.

The reputable generals cultivated by the military department gradually realized that they were fighting alongside mindless and lowly beasts. Instead, they were fighting with intelligent and smart warriors and commanders, and that the enemy had become cunning.

At the same time, Li Xiaofei and Shui Xiu emerged from isolation.

Both of them had absorbed the aura of the Underworld, and their fighting prowess skyrocketed. Even though they were still not at the sovereign level, they already possessed levels of cultivation akin to the peak of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor level. They were already many times stronger than before.

Without hesitation, Ye Qingyu sent them to the Underworld Star Domain to take over the Immortal Dojo he had set up there after a discussion in the [Cloud Top Cauldron], without even revealing them to the outside world.

Over the next few centuries, these two peerless experts did not appear in the Vast Thousand Domains again.

In the same timespan, Ye Qingyu made countless simulations, attempts, and divinations. Ye Qingyu even set up formations deep in space on uninhabited planets as simulations, expending countless numbers of dead stars and desolate planets in the process. Eventually, he discovered a way of moving the Underworld and Vast Thousand Star Domains, making use of their conflicting natures to repel each other.

He began to really execute his plan.

The attempt took five centuries.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1335:


Chapter 1348 The Final Preparation

Five centuries was a huge amount of time for ordinary beings, but it was a short span for strong martial artists. Ordinary people would die before even understanding much about the world they inhabited, but warriors could gradually gain a sense of its evolution.

Nature's spiritual qi was gradually intensifying.

The lifespans of warriors were lengthened.

Various kinds of talents began to be cultivated again.

As a result of the abundance of spiritual qi in the Vast Thousand Domains, the average battle prowess of its warriors increased exponentially. Once, experts at the Heaven Ascension and Immortal Steps were strong enough to gain a foothold, but now, even those at the Saint realm were as powerless as ants. Large numbers of Quasi-emperors emerged, as did experts of the current Emperor realm. Outstanding talents kept appearing, and prodigies of peerless aptitude were churned out by the Immortal Dojo, turning into current Emperors.

Similar incidents happened in the Underworld Domain, a place where the inhabitants of the Vast Thousand Star Domains did not understand.

All of this resulted from Ye Qingyu moving the star formations in both domains.

Ye Qingyu expended most of his energy over the last five centuries on his project. He thought carefully and acted fearfully, as if he were treading on thin ice. He hid himself behind the scenes to refine the star formations. It was a monumental and arduous task. One wrong move would cause him to lose everything, and all his efforts would be wasted. As such, he did not dare to slack off in his preparation in the least bit.

Ye Qingyu kept appearing in his true sovereign form and stood erect within the void of the universe.

Time passed.

By the sixth century, Ye Qingyu began to gradually sense a vague, amazing connection between the Vast Thousand Domains and Underworld Domains auras in his body. They began to merge, even though they had mutually repelling natures.

Under the influence of both powers, Ye Qingyu could clearly sense that a new form of power was gradually being born within his body.

The power of a King of Sovereigns.

"The change in the star formations has finally taken effect... So, this is how a King of Sovereigns' power is being obtained. To merge the auras and powers of two star domains, firstly I have to form a connection between both of them, thereby forming the existence of a sovereign. The star domains' evolution will increase my level of cultivation and battle prowess. This is not merely training, but a form of protection for life and my homeland. Indeed, reincarnation and karma are part of the Heavenly Dao."

Ye Qingyu sighed.

He gradually retracted his true sovereign form.

By accident, he had bashed out a path to attaining the King of Sovereigns realm. In truth, previous sovereigns like the Ancient Ghostly Emperor and Abandoned Fiendgod had attained King of Sovereigns realm because the star domains linked with them had advanced to a stage during their lifespans that allowed them to do so. According to logic and order, it would take a few billion years for a King of Sovereigns to be born in the Vast Thousand Star Domain. This meant that Ye Qingyu should have taken this amount of time to become a King of Sovereigns, but because of his accidental luck, he had obtained Underworld aura during his battle with the Ancient Ghostly Emperor and attained the Sovereign realmin less than a millennium.

Ye Qingyu sensed that his body was increasingly getting stronger.

He knew that with time, as the channeling of the transformed star formations of both the Vast Thousand and Underworld Star Domains became smoother and gathered more power for him, and as they got more closely connected, his power would, in turn, increase faster.

Countless mysterious Dao principles appeared in Ye Qingyu's mind.

Naturally, he mastered many more kinds of remarkable abilities.

The might of his power as a King of Sovereigns was gradually displayed within Ye Qingyu's body.

With a thought, he could travel from the Vast Thousand Star Domain to the Underworld Star Domain and back. He no longer had to rely on the small time portal beneath the black tombstone.

"These two worlds are gradually merging into one."

Ye Qingyu nodded in satisfaction.

His plan began to unfold.

In the [Cloud Top Cauldron], within a confined space—

The Dark Purple Sovereign, King of Destruction, and the other Fiendgod Sovereigns from a different space-time looked at Ye Qingyu with incredible shock. Even though they had been imprisoned for a very long time, and their strength was greatly weakened, they could still clearly sense that this human expert, who was on par with them just a few centuries ago, had already taken that important step forward.

"You..."

"Impossible."

They were fearful and paranoid.

As sovereigns, they knew how tough it was to take that leap forward. Otherwise, they would not have taken the huge risk to descend upon the Vast Thousand Star Domain after repeated failed attempts. They wanted to seize the aura from this domain before it had evolved, and everything they did was to enter the King of Sovereigns realm. Ordinarily, even tens of millions of years of tough training and planning would not lead one to enter this realm, but now, in less than a millennium, the sovereign of the Vast Thousand Star Domain had accomplished this feat?

How did he do it?

The Dark Purple Sovereign and the others were incredibly shocked. They looked at Ye Qingyu in disbelief.

Immediately after, they were immensely terrified.

This was because a method of attaining the King of Sovereigns realm was to use one's divine prowess to slay other Sovereign realms. This was a power that was only below that of suppressing their lives, and even if it did not destroy the star domains connected to them, it would still completely wipe out their willpower and spirit.

"No, we're willing to surrender and follow you."

"Spare us, my lord... we're willing to become your subjects."

The Dark Purple Sovereign and other Fiendgod Sovereigns from different space-times were unable to remain calm after sensing Ye Qingyu's killing intent. They let go of their ego and began pleading. They were beings that possessed nearly indestructible bodies, and would not even blink when slaughtering millions of beings with a thought, they were even willing to cause destruction to planets and star domains. But when the thought of dying grabbed ahold of them, they behaved no differently from ordinary warriors of the Vast Thousand Star Domain.

Ye Qingyu did not give in. He instantly unleashed his divine prowess and completely crushed the spirits and wills of the Dark Purple Sovereign and other three Fiendgod Sovereigns. He extracted the essence of their bodies and absorbed it into the [Blood Drinker Sword], before slowly refining it. Even at the current standard and power of the sword, it would take only a while to completely refine this level of blood essence.

The power of the aura contained within these four Fiendgod Sovereigns was instantly released.

Ye Qingyu was waiting for this moment.

The divine prowess channeled in the [Cloud Top Cauldron] instantly retained the power of the four fiendgods.

The four were the Destined Ones of their star domains, and they had already turned them into their connected domains. As such, the aura in their bodies was the essence of the destiny in their respective star domains.

After his previous experience, Ye Qingyu understood that such destiny was the most important thing for experts who were about to attain the current Martial Emperor realm.

Ye Qingyu was prepared for these four kinds of aura. He wanted to give them to Song Xiaojun, Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er, and the others.

Not only could they cultivate four sovereign level beings with such auras, but it would create four allied star domains for the Vast Thousand Star Domains. This would greatly increase the chances of Ye Qingyu surviving his upcoming ordeal.

This was also part of Ye Qingyu's plan all along.

Three days later, in the Dark Purple Star Domain—

Ye Qingyu and Song Xiaojun, the Emperor of Darkness, appeared.

"Train here, regain the Emperor level of cultivation of Dark Purple qi."

Ye Qingyu suppressed his power personally, and even controlled it until it was merely at the Quasi-emperor level. He infused a little luck of the Dark Purple Realm to bring Song Xiaojun here. He had chosen this star domain as Song Xiaojun's domain, as the power and aura here were greatly compatible with her power of black flames.

Fate was often so wondrous.

The small time travel portal to the Vast Thousand Star Domain that was built up painstakingly by the Dark Purple Sovereign was his pathway for invasion and marker in space. Now, however, it had turned into a gateway for Ye Qingyu to dominate this star domain, and it aided the sovereign's enemy instead.

He left after settling Song Xiaojun down.

After that, he brought Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er, and Ximen Yeshui to three other star domains and did the same thing.

He set up arrays in each star domain. He also left escape routes in case it was necessary to use them in the future.

After that, he returned to the Vast Thousand Star Domain.

Liu Shaji had already re-discovered his own story. He still had not regained his memories, but from the description of the others, and from the fragments of his past stored in the [White Lotus Immortal Sword], he basically understood his past. His enemies from that time had already passed on, and his old friends were still alive, with the exception of Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi. He stopped trying to search for his so-called memories and began to embrace life with an entirely new attitude and feeling. He decided to join the Immortal Empire.

Due to the fact that his body was created from the World Tree, Liu Shaji's physique could be considered extremely exceptional. The strength and excellence of his aptitude and talent could be considered on par with that of Ye Qingyu's. Centuries of training and observation of the statue of Emperor Techniques in the Immortal Dojo led him to merely be a small half-step behind the level of a current Emperor.

He began roaming the world. His biggest targets were the missing Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui.

It was an extremely arduous task.

That was because there were only two possibilities if even Ye Qingyu, at his current level of cultivation and power, could not find them. They were either dead or stranded in a world beyond the Vast Thousand Star Domains. The probability of the latter was even less, but Liu Shaji did not want to give up, even if there was only a glimmer of hope.

Ye Qingyu was a little ashamed as he noticed how resolute Liu Shaji was.

All these years, even though he kept thinking about Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi, he actually spent little effort searching for them. As his power increased, and as the reality and cruelty of this world were displayed before him, he could not help spending increasing time on the so-called more important things. To be exact, he had not fulfilled his duty as a friend.

In comparison, Liu Shaji was more thorough.

However, Ye Qingyu could not simply put everything on hand away.

He had lost two friends and could not afford to lose any more.

Time passed.

The situation of the Dark Realm's Great Wall defensive line was turning increasingly grim, and the pressure on the warriors increased.

According to the latest reports from the military department, the Invaders in the Chaos District already had dozens of Emperor strength experts on their side. Furthermore, they were still planning, as if they were about to welcome the arrival of a more powerful being.

Ye Qingyu had already predicted that the last battle was drawing nearer.

At this moment, two millennia had passed since the creation of the Immortal Empire.

In this period of time, Ye Qingyu had already set up various measures and made all preparations in expectation of the final battle.

He could even sense the aura of the Abandoned Fiendgod and other King of Sovereigns.

The final moment was about to descend upon him.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1336:


Chapter 1349 - The Arrival of the Abandoned Fiendgod

As the Emperor of the Unmoving City's most loyal subject over the past two thousand years, Lingyun was now one of the rare influential figures within the military headquarters of the Unmoving City of Darkness. His strength had soared tremendously and he had become an Emperor ten years ago.

Whenever he remembered how he had traveled tens of thousands of kilometers to the Royal City of the Guardians to seek aid two thousand years ago, he couldn't help sighing in wonder. He had met Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu because of that fateful trip to the Royal City, and that meeting had changed his life, as well as the face of the entire Dark Realm.

The Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm had changed drastically over the past two thousand years.

He stood on the top of the Great Wall and looked toward the west, where the battle continued to rage wildly.

The warships flickered with metallic light, and these warships had been constructed by merging the technologies from the Earth's civilization with the runic martial way. They moved like bloody sharks as they cruised along the battlefield and constantly killed their enemies. There were also large cannons installed along the Great Wall that had a shooting range of tens of thousands of kilometers, and each flaming ball of light was enough to slay thousands of Invaders.

The earth quaked and smoke filled the air.

Battle cries rang out all across the land.

Bones flew everywhere and blood flowed like a river.

This intense battle raged on for several thousand years.

A long and strange-sounding clarion call resounded through the battlefield, then all these metallic warships retreated in an orderly manner without giving the Invaders a chance to pursue them. Next, soldiers clad in metallic formation armor jumped out of the warships like swarms of ants and quickly grouped into their battalions. These battalions continued to charge unceasingly, and they looked like gods of death wielding scythes in the void as they harvested the lives of their enemies.

These were the newly trained troops from the empire over the past one thousand years, and the weapons they wielded were known as Formation Machine Guns, which could shoot out light at a rhythmic speed that could pierce through the bodies of even Invaders in the Saint realm.

There were gigantic tanks on the ground that formed a formation that was as steadfast as a mountain. They stopped the Invaders from going within five kilometers of the Great Wall and this defensive line didn't even budge an inch for several centuries.

This was the line of defense that the military was so proud of.

The imperial military headquarters and the Heaven Wasteland Empire's military headquarters were full of confidence when it came to battling and resisting the Invaders. The morale of the soldiers, major battle divisions, and troops were all extremely high, and they were as majestic as mountains.

If a battle of this scale had erupted during the Guardians' era, the army would have already been defeated many times over. However, the Invaders were extremely subdued when they battled against the empire's military forces and they were only able to enter within 10 kilometers of the defensive line because the military had deliberately lured them into their territory.

The battle flags fluttered in the wind.

Every single soldier from the empire was brimming with confidence and full of energy.

"Reporting... Satellite probes have reached the chaotic zone of chaos and they detected large amounts of strange energy waves," a military scout said as he descended from the air.

Lingyun took the container that had the report from the military scout.

This container resembled a metallic mirror and was a technological product from the Earth's civilization. It was as large as a mirror but there were hundreds of ways to use it. And after battling these Invaders for such a long period of time, the soldiers and military officials from the empire were able to understand and use this device. They could clearly and instantly transmit the changes on the battlefield and the orders from the military headquarters to the generals at the frontline.

The corners of Lingyun's mouth turned upward after he glanced at this mirror-like contraption.

"Quasi-emperor realm troops... the Invaders are finally making their move."

He had already known that large amounts of strange energy waves had been originating from the depths of the chaotic mist. He also knew that this was a large battle legion made up of tens of thousands of Quasi-emperor realm Invaders. The most terrifying ambush in two thousand years was about to begin.

Evidently, this was a large-scale ambush that was planned by the commanding officers of the Invaders.

Were the Invaders finally about to make their move after two thousand years?

Lingyun scoffed coldly.

Since Lord [The Beginning’s] Operation Heavenly Web had been implemented, almost every part of the world had come under the control of the military, even the Invaders' lair in the chaotic zone was under military surveillance. The past two thousand years worth of data had been enough for the brightest minds of the military to be able to predict the actions of the Invaders, and they had already simulated millions of battle strategies against these Invaders.

The military had already predicted the impending ambush staged by Quasi-emperor realm Invaders.

"Prepare to implement Operation Heavenly Light," Lingyun said and rattled off a series of orders.

A cold smile danced on his handsome face and he was starting to look forward to the upcoming battle.

"We are finally about to launch Operation Heavenly Lighting. It is said to be Lord [The Beginning’s] taboo strategy, so I wonder how terrifying this is going to be?" he wondered as he stood at the top of the Great Wall and looked out into the distance. There was a mountain range that looked like a cliff around one hundred kilometers  away. This was the hell that would await the Quasi-emperor realm Invaders when they arrived.

Time ticked by.

Thirty minutes later, a layer of black cumulus clouds rolled over, with a force that was so terrifying it couldn't be described in words, that crushed down toward the Great Wall—heaven and earth seemed to quake and tremble.

The Quasi-emperor realm Invader legion descended on the battlefield.

"The target is up ahead... forty-five degrees... Fire!" a military commander yelled as he waved the battle flag.

They did not feel threatened by the Invaders' sudden surge in strength and aura.

These were experienced soldiers who had been through countless battles, so they were as unyielding as steel.

The formation giant cannons and battle trucks fired their cannons with a loud bang that clashed against the cumulus clouds. However, these cannons seemed to have hit an invisible pond and layers of ripples spread out across the void. The impact of these cannons disappeared into these ripples as though they had melted into this invisible pond.

The soldiers clad in silver armor, who had been killing the Invaders in their battalion groups, immediately retreated back to their warships. These warships also retreated immediately and went behind the defensive line of the Great Wall.

The defensive line of the Great Wall now contained countless formations and stood as unyielding as a natural moat that could keep everything at bay.

This was the first time the empire's troops had retreated in such mass numbers when battling against the Invaders.

The power of a Quasi-emperor realm legion was indeed terrifying. All creatures would quake in fear at the sight of this legion, but every soldier on the Great Wall stood upright and held their weapons fearlessly. Instead, they seemed a little eager to get right in the thick of the action.

However, Lingyun's gaze never left the direction of the cliff.

Soon after, the leader of the Quasi-emperor Invader legion passed by.

The soldiers on the Great Wall could sense the evil and terrifying aura. It was just as though demons from hell were pressed up in front of them, breathing out death qi. Everyone could clearly sense the evil and murderous qi from the Quasi-emperor legion.

Lingyun continued to wait patiently on the sidelines.

Suddenly, dozens of milky white balls of light shot down from the firmament.

Then, the earth started to tremble.

A blinding divine light suddenly shot out from beneath the cliff, and several mushroom-shaped clouds slowly rose into the air. The orange-yellow splendor started to spread and completely shroud the Quasi-emperor legion. The soldiers on the Great Wall could clearly see the Quasi-emperor realm Invaders disappearing into a cloud of dust right in the middle of the mushroom-shaped clouds...

"This power..." Lingyun was struck by fear despite the fact that he was a current Emperor.

Was this the taboo strategy laid out by Lord [The Beginning]?

It was too terrifying.

How could it be so powerful that it managed to destroy thousands of Quasi-emperors in an instant? He guessed that even an Emperor would not have been able to achieve such a feat. Moreover, there wasn't a single yuan qi energy wave released the moment this mushroom-shaped cloud exploded, so their opponent would not even have been on guard in the first place...

Rumble!

At the same time, hundreds of mushroom-shaped clouds rose to the sky.

In thirty minutes, the Quasi-emperor Invader legion that had been rushing toward the Great Wall had not only failed in their ambush, but they had also fallen into the trap laid out by the military headquarters of the empire. This almost led to the total annihilation of the legion. The Quasi-emperor Invaders were like moths to a flame and they were all slain.

Cheers rang out in waves like a tsunami and echoed all over the Great Wall.

Countless soldiers from the empire cheered enthusiastically.

Lingyun lips curved into a small smile.

This was Operation Heavenly Lightning, and this had been the military's plan the entire time.

This was how strong the soldiers from the empire were.

Lord [The Beginning’s] methods were indeed terrifying, and Lingyun thought that he would not be able to last very long himself if he had fallen right into the heart of the heavenly lightning zone—this terrifying weapon could actually pose a threat to an Emperor of current times.

"Had the ancient Earth civilization reached such terrifying heights?"

Lingyun could not help wondering in astonishment.

However, the report container in his hand suddenly emitted a bright red light, and the various defensive formations and alarm bells along the Great Wall started to go off wildly.

What had happened?

The loud cheers died off abruptly and everyone looked on as a majestic figure came walking toward the Great Wall from a distance.

A human-shaped Invader was slowing walking across the void. His oppressive aura was even more terrifying than the Quasi-emperor legions earlier.

Lingyun's pupils constricted.

A possibility occurred to him.

"Is such a powerful figure finally making an appearance?

"Wait a minute, according to the reports and predictions of the military..."

He was extremely shocked and was just about to issue his next command when there was a loud rumble, and heaven and earth quaked intensely. Layers of formations and bursts of light appeared in the sky above the Great Wall, which had been completely clear just moments earlier. The Emperor-level defensive systems that had been installed two thousand years ago had now been activated.

"Haha, I'm surprised that a bunch of peasants actually managed to create a defensive formation that could resist me. Interesting." A cold voice rang out. The human Invader arrived in the air above the Great Wall and sent a powerful punch that caused the hidden underlying defensive power of the Great Wall to reveal itself.

Then, he sent out another punch.

Rumble!

The Great Wall started to quake once more.

Lingyun yelled and wanted to strike back, but one glance from that human Invader rendered him immobile, as though a curse had been placed on him.

"Oh no!"

There was a vast difference in their strengths.

If that person was indeed of that cultivation level...

Lingyun struggled angrily but to no avail.

"This puny defensive line managed to stop me for such a long time... Haha..." The human Invader yelled and tried to destroy the entire defensive formation that was placed along the defensive lines.

Suddenly, a voice rang out——

"You must be courting death," Ye Qingyu said as he appeared.

He raised his hand, and his palm as large as a jade plate crushed down toward the human Invader.

"Hahahaha, are you the Destined One?" the human Invader said with a loud shout. He used his mental power to transmit his message, which sliced across the void like a violent tempest, so everyone could understand his message even if they could not understand his words.

He was about to say something else...

"Time to end this," Ye Qingyu said and reached his giant palm into the void and easily captured the human Invader. Then, this human Invader exploded with a gentle squeeze of his palm and the [Cloud Top Cauldron] immediately absorbed the human Invader's yuan qi and blood essence.

Lingyun was even more astonished when he witnessed that.

He knew how powerful the human Invader was and guessed that he might never be able to defeat this human Invader in his lifetime. But Imperial God Emperor Ye Qingyu killed this Invader as effortlessly as he would have killed a fly. His strength and ability... Exactly how powerful was he right now?

"Abandoned Fiendgod, I know you're here... Show yourself," Ye Qingyu said clearly as he looked toward the depths of the chaotic zone.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

