Chapter 57:


Chapter 57 – Fatty, Be Gentler

The second day.

By the time Ye Qingyu had ended his training at dawn, Qin Lan had already ordered people to prepare a sumptuous breakfast for him.

Changing into a new pair of clothing, Ye Qingyu sat and ate with a smile together with Qin Lan and her daughter. The little girl hesitated, then had a hungry glance at the food, excitedly sitting next to Ye Qingyu. Qin Lan insisted on standing at the side.

“Aunt Lan, from now on we are family, there is no need to be so estranged. My parents have passed away. I wish that my family can eat breakfast together with me. A family needs to be joyous and harmonious,” Ye Qingyu said with a laugh.

Qin Lan heard this and considered, finally sitting on the other side of Ye Qingyu.

Midway through the meal, Qin Lan wavered slightly and said probingly, “Young master Yu, I want to discuss something with you. I want to sever half of the servants in this house…”

Ye Qingyu drank some fresh shrimp congee*, and said with a smile, “Ding Kaixuan’s remaining people have already been expelled. Now the current servants do not number more than thirty, to take care of this mansion is just barely enough. Why would aunt Lan want to do this?”

“This…” On Qin Lan’s face, a pained expression was evident. Finally she spoke the truth, “Young master Yu still has to return to White Deer Academy and expenses cannot be spared for your cultivation. This family does not have any method to earn money, and in the short term there is no way to expand upon our financial resources. The only way is to think of a method to cut our expenses!”

Ye Qingyu grew silent after hearing this and Qin Lan, seeing this, thought even he did not have a solution. Qin Lan quickly rushed to reassure him, “But there is no need to worry young master Yu. Sooner or later, a way will be found, the Ye family can definitely continue on.”

As she said this, the main steward, Tang San knocked and entered.

Evidently this fair faced youth did not have a good night’s sleep, with blood shot eyes, and the cuffs of his sleeves wet with dew. It was a mystery where he went so early in the morning but he was in rare spirits; his entire face filled with excitement. From a low class servant to become the number three man of the Ye family overnight caused Tang San to be so charged up that he was hardly able to sleep.

“Master, the things you’ve asked me to inquire about, I’ve already completely investigated clearly!” Tang San said with respect and deference.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

Seeing this, a slight confusion was in Qin Lan’s heart. She did not know what young master Yu had asked Tang San to inquire about, but since young master Yu did not elaborate, she did not ask.

“You only just came back? You have not eaten breakfast yet? Sit, let’s eat together.” Ye Qingyu looked at Tang San, pointing at a seat.

“Hehe, this is great, hearing master words, I am really a little hungry,” Tang San said with a laugh then sat down promptly, grabbing a bun and began eating, not hesitating in the slightest.

Qin Lan on one side kept giving meaningful looks at Tang San, but Tang San pretended not to see.

Ye Qingyu could not help but smile.

This Tang San did not care about the small details, was quick-witted, and had a temperament similar to him. In the future, as long as he was carefully cultivated, he could become one of his trusted people. At least in the future, managing this mansion was not an issue.

After finishing breakfast, Ye Qingyu wiped his mouth. Patting Little Grass on the head he said smilingly, “Little girl, do you want to go out and have a walk. Brother Little Yu will bring you out to play.”

“Good, good!” Little Grass began jumping up and down in excitement.

Between twelve and thirteen years old was namely the most brilliant part of childhood. Previously, she had always been trapped within the mansion, every day and night doing rough and menial labour. Every moment, she had to fear for the fierce whip of the steward. Once she heard that she was able to go out and have a look, Little Grass was so happy she was about to float in the air.

Qin Lan originally wanted to say something, but seeing the joyous face of her daughter, her heart constricted, not saying anything to prevent her in the end.

Looking at young master Yu holding her daughter’s hand and accompanied by Tang San leaving the entrance, Qin Lan prayed in her heart. No matter what happens in the future, young master little Yu, you must be able to bear it!

Everything about the Ye family right now needed this youth who had not yet grown up to support it.

……

“Ah, an extremely beautiful little windmill!”

“This clay doll is so cute, it’s as if it was alive.”

“Heavens, that old grandfather is really amazing, to be able to balance such a long pole on his head!”

“Hehe, that uncle can change his appearance, and he can breathe fire!”

Little Grass bounced up and down, her excitement so great it was as if she was a skylark that was just released from its cage. The smile on her face was the bloom of a flower, sometimes turning her head to look at things that way and sometimes running to another side, her laughter spilling everywhere.

After exiting the Ye family mansion was the wealthy district, and very quickly after that was a concentrated commerce area. The sides of the street were lined with shops and stalls that were managed by people from outside the city, creating bustling, very lively streets.

Tang San followed beside Ye Qingyu, his back held very straight.

In truth he was also a young man, and had rarely ever came to such a lively place. He was the same as Little Grass, he could not help but feel excited. He could not wait to rush around and have a proper look, but he was clear in his heart that he had only just received young master Yu’s appreciation. The way he did things, he needed to have propriety, so he endured and silently followed behind Ye Qingyu.

Within Tang San’s heart, he had the urge to cry.

Only when he followed behind young master Yu could he be like a normal person. He could hold his back straight, without the need to bow his head to everyone, nor the need to carefully observe everyone’s body language in order not to offend them. When people saw them coming, it was them that lowered their heads and parted!

This time walking on the streets, Tang San felt that he had finally regained his dignity as a human.

The further they went, the closer they were to the flourishing and prosperous areas.

“Master, we’re here,” Tang San reminded. On the crossroads was a three-storey restaurant.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

This restaurant had an ancient and classic appearance, constructed from mahogany wood and bricks. From far away, the tempting fragrance of the dishes wafted over. Those who entered the restaurant were either wealthy or rich, wearing illustrious garments. Evidently, this was a high class place.

[Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant].

It was one of the previous properties of the Ye family.

This three-storey structure was the result of the consolidated efforts of Ye Qingyu’s father. Located in the most prosperous area, every year it allowed a significant inflow of money for the Ye family and was one of the three most important properties of the Ye family.

After the Ye husband and wife had died in battle, this too was taken away through trickery.

The one who invaded this place was someone that was once indebted to Ye Qingyu’s father. When Ye Qingyu’s father was here, he did everything possible to please him but after he had died in battle, he immediately changed his stance, using some trickery behind the scenes to take over this restaurant.

Ye Qingyu back then was still young, without any possible way of resisting. He had always endured.

Today, it was finally time for the [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant] to return to the Ye family.

To Qin Lan’s worries and questions, Ye Qingyu had long thought of the answer. Naturally once the ancestral home of the Ye family was taken back, then the properties of the Ye family also needed to be taken back. Only doing this did they have the ability to sustain and feed so many people.

“Have you passed my words?” Ye Qingyu walked towards the restaurant.

“It has already been given since early morning. I believe that Luo Jin is currently waiting for master you,” Tang San quickly answered.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

At the entrance to the restaurant.

“Ah, this lord you look unfamiliar, is this your first time coming to [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant]? Just order whatever you want to eat, we are not bragging, but this [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant] guarantees your satisfaction…” A very capable server came forward.

“I’m called Ye Qingyu, I’m here for Luo Jin,” Ye Qingyu said simply.

The server’s expression instantly changed, as if facing an enemy. Carefully examining him up and down, with an icy tone and expression he said, “Boss is at the third floor, follow me.”

Ye Qingyu did not say anything else, entering the [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant].

The area of the first floor was the largest, able to accommodate hundreds of people. Mahogany tables and chairs were laid out, a very spacious and stylish environment. It was only early in the morning, but the number of customers had already exceeded Tang San’s expectation; it was nearly completely full.

“So many people, business must be good,” Tang San mumbled.

Ye Qingyu heard, but only gave a slight smile.

By the time they had reached the second floor, Tang San instantly quivered. Because in this floor that was able to accommodate around fifty people, apart from some tens of fierce looking wanderers for guests, there were around thirty or so soldiers with spears and swords, emitting an ominous atmosphere.

“Master, this…” Tang San quickly alerted in a small voice.

It was as if Ye Qingyu did not hear his warning, nor saw those people. He continued walking on towards the third floor.

Tang San could only summon his courage and follow on.

After entering the third floor, the light suddenly brightened up.

Golden sunlight came through the window frames and the mahogany flooring was as if it was shining with its own lights. The scarlet red screens that were like flames was particularly intricate, dividing the entire third floor into five separate yet connected areas, appearing irregular but still looking charming.

Compared to the second floor and the first floor, the decoration of the third floor was much more sophisticated and elegant, filled with a rich and comfortable atmosphere.

This place was also full.

“Hahaha, nephew Ye, I heard that you wanted to come here early. Your uncle Luo I have already been waiting for an hour, quickly come have a seat.” In the loud laughter, a middle-aged man with a sophisticated atmosphere stood up, smiling and waving at Ye Qingyu.

This person looked to be around forty years old, without any hair on his face. Presumably when he was young, he was a rare handsome young man. He had a long robe on him, using the most famous fabric of Deer City, the fabric from [Li Embroidery]. He possessed a tall figure and emitted a sense of trustworthiness.

This person, was Luo Jin.

A person that was indebted to Ye Qingyu’s father, but after he died, immediately became a traitor that forgot everything, someone who had kicked his benefactor in the teeth.

At this moment, it was as if nothing of the sort had happened. He laughingly greeted Ye Qingyu, still acting like an elder.

Ye Qingyu only stared at him with a faint smile, not saying anything.

His gaze passed from Luo Jin’s figure into the surrounding people on the tables around. Ye Qingyu nodded his head with satisfaction saying, “Jin Shiren from the [Lianfeng Smithery], Wang Youde from the [Murong Shop], Dong Mingtong from the [Miaoyu Temple], Nie Yin from the [Yin Taoxuan Pavilion]… these coyotes that have the guts to carve a part of the Ye family’s properties are all here. This is too perfect; it saves me the trouble of finding you one by one.”

Before he had finished.

Pak!

A fatty wearing the top half of a leather armour slapped his palm on towards the table. He abruptly stood up, his face filled with malicious intent. He said angrily, “Little brat, the Ye family only has a little seed left. If you don’t want the Ye family to lose all their descendants, then obediently return to stare at the graves. Wanting to make me vomit something that your father I have already swallowed, you don’t have the requirements to do so!”

Tang San was frightened by this.

This fatty’s entire body was covered with blubber. When he abruptly stood up, his entire body fat started quivering, as if it was a mountain made of fat that was shaking, the armour barely holding together. This was Jin Shiren, the manager of the [Lianfeng Smithery], the largest smithery nearby. This person was famed for being rude and having an explosive temper.

Ye Qingyu did not react with anger, only having a slight grin on his face. “Fatty Jin, be gentler. Everything of [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant] belongs to the Ye family. This table also belongs to the Ye family, if you break it, then you will have to pay for it.” ————

*Congee, rice porridge.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Congee

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 58:


Chapter 58 – Dead Fatty

“You little brat…” Jin Shiren was enraged, wanting to say something more.

“Everyone first calm down, calm down. Let’s discuss this peacefully.” Luo Jin came over between them waving his arms, and smiled towards Ye Qingyu. “Nephew Ye, the things that happened in the past you must have some misunderstandings. But this does not matter, at that time you were still young and did not understand matters. Today, since you have come, we can sit down and have a good open conversation…”

“There is nothing to discuss.” Ye Qingyu slowly walked in front of the windowsill, his back facing everyone and opened the window. He looked at the bustling crowd down below and said, “One condition. Spit out everything that you have swallowed from the Ye family, return everything that you have taken. I also don’t want to go too far, if you do this then I will write off all grievances and resentment…”

“I peh, who do you think you are? Little trash, have you gone crazy…” Fatty Jin could not endure any longer, once again slapping the table and standing up. With a dark expression, he shouted, “Boss Luo, you’ve heard what he said. This little trash is climbing all over us. I, Fatty Jin, will not return anything, I’ll see what you can do to me!”

“Old Jin, lets discuss things calmly…” Luo Jin seemingly had an attitude that he was trying to settle things without it getting out of hand.

“There is nothing to discuss. What kind of person am I, Fatty Jin? Hehe, did you not go and investigate? To be harsh and unreasonable in front of me, you really don’t know life and death. A little trash that hasn’t even had his hairs fully grown, wanting to threaten me? I peh!”

Fatty Jin, saying this, lifted his legs to leave.

As he walked past Ye Qingyu, he smiled sinisterly. “Little kid, the Jiang Hu is not somewhere that you can act in this way. If you have the guts, then come to [Lianfeng Smithery] and repeat the words you’ve just said. I’ll make you know how to write the character Death*!”

Finishing his words, he brought the two experts beside him to leave. His overweight body came to the stairs and was about to go down.

Ye Qingyu turned around and smiled. “Then how about this… Right now, I’ll teach you how to write the character Death.”

Saying this, his right hand lifted up and a light suction was in the air.

Fatty Jin’s flesh mountain body quivered, then instantly fell back. Under his scream of shock and surprise, he flew through the air, his back landing upon Ye Qingyu’s palm.

“You… release me…” The four limbs of Fatty Jin flailed madly, struggling for his life, but it was no use. He shrieked with rage and embarrassment.

“Little brat, you dare!”

“Release our master!”

The two experts following Fatty Jin reacted. They floated through the air at the speed of lighting. The moment they acted, strong gusts of wind blew through space like a storm. Their strength was indeed impressive.

Ye Qingyu lightly laughed, his left hand casually swiping through space.

Instantly, the gusts of wind stopped.

The two experts in midair instantly had blood fill their mouths, as if slapped by a gigantic invisible force. They sprawled flat on the floor, two palm indents had sunken into their chests, not being able to get up… ……

“Little star palm power!”

“You…”

The two experts spurted out blood and exclaimed.

The little star palm power could not be counted as a high class technique, but was instead a common way of striking that utilized inner yuan. Both of them knew how to perform this, but to use it like Ye Qingyu, without any hint of energy fluctuation and be able to injure someone without any signs, was indeed profound.

Through just this simple point alone, these two knew in their hearts that they were not his opponent by far.

Shouts and cries exploded!

The people sitting on the large table finally stood up, every single one of their expressions changing.

“Nephew Ye, lets discuss things peacefully. No need to come to blows, no need to come to blows…” Luo Jin still acted the part of an elder, trying to persuade a child.

“Little trash, release me, quickly release me. You dare treat me like this, you…” Fatty Jin screamed in rage.

“I have never understood, why some people, with their lives in the hands of others, would dare to still be threatening and demanding,” Ye Qingyu said contemptuously. “Do you think this is stupidity or is it courage?”

“Nephew, don’t be rash. Quickly release him, you must not kill anyone. If you kill that person, I fear you won’t be able to withstand the consequences…” Luo Jin quickly rushed to persuade Ye Qingyu but his words held a different meaning.

Ye Qingyu gave him a side way glance. “Four years have already passed, why do you still have daggers hidden in your smiles? Do you really want me to kill him?”

Luo Jin was taken aback, instantly saying with a smile, “Nephew you must be misunderstanding…”

Before he had finished, Fatty Jin again began crying loudly, “Little trash, it’s best for you to release me. Hehe, the [Lianfeng Smithery], don’t think you can take it back in your lifetime. If you obediently release me, and bow down to me to beg for forgiveness, then I won’t pursue this matter any further. Otherwise, today there are not only a few people present. If you dare harm a single hair of mine, don’t think you can walk away alive…”

Before he had finished.

The left hand of Ye Qingyu released him, facing the window. The palm of his hand freed him, and the gargantuan figure of Fatty Jin directly fell from the window of the third floor…

“Stop!”

“Don’t…”

“Little brat you have guts!”

Everyone was shocked, with some people screaming but everything had already been done.

The cries from Fatty Jin became quieter and quieter, the screams becoming longer and longer from outside the window. Very quickly, the boom of a heavy impact could be heard and the cries of Fatty Jin abruptly stopped, the sharp cries of the bystanders down below resonating.

Ye Qingyu looked out the window to investigate.

Below the streets, was Fatty Jin who did not know any martial arts. He had nearly become a meat patty, his four limbs twitching and with his eyes opened wide in disbelief. Till the moment of death, he still could not believe that Ye Qingyu would really dare kill him!

The third floor of the restaurant was filled with a deathly silence.

On the faces of everyone sitting there was a terror that was hard to disguise.

They had never imagined that this good looking teenager was the weak boy that they had taken everything away from four years ago. During their conversation he would so easily act and kill someone, as if he was killing a rabbit or a pig.

Ye Qingyu looked at the crowd and as if suddenly thinking of something, a smile appeared on his lips.

“I have just thought of a joke. A fatty, if he accidentally fell from the third floor, without knowing any martial arts, then what would he become?” Ye Qingyu said with a laugh.

Everyone was taken aback, not knowing the reason for this question.

As everyone subconsciously guessed the answer, with answers such as meat patty, meat mud, corpse and the such, this question was answered by Ye Qingyu instead. “Hahaha, of course, he will become… a dead fatty*!”

There was vaguely someone who snorted, nearly laughing out loud.

Luo Jin’s face had become somewhat difficult.

He suddenly felt, as if he had miscalculated something. In four years’ time, the teenager in front of him had undergone far too great a change. Where was the slightest hint of the weak smile, the inflexible kind heartedness, the wealthy son that could be bullied by anyone?

Why was it that in his gentle smile, he was able to see a decisive and ruthless killer, with an atmosphere as fierce as wild beast, a demon king, such a tyrannical person?

Tang San who had followed Ye Qingyu here was also astounded.

Originally, this was only meant to be a discussion. When he saw the people on the second floor, he had realized the opposing party had already made their preparations, in terms of martial force and in terms of legal discourse. They would definitely be the disadvantaged party and Tang San had already prepared himself to beg for mercy for his young master

But in between the light and bland discussion, his master had already taken Fatty Jin’s life.

Tang San could not react.

He knew that the following events did not bode well.

His master was still too young, too rash.

Tang San hurriedly grabbed hold of the frightened Little Grass, placing her behind him. He was about to say some words that could alleviate this problem, but the other people finally recovered from their stunned state.

“Audacious, to kill someone in broad daylight!”

“This is too impudent, too impudent. So what if he’s a student of White Deer Academy? Can he ignore the laws of the royal family?”

“Hmph, even if I have to risk my life, I will report this to the city leader. He is too arrogant!”

People slammed their tables to leave, screaming in rage.

QiangQiangQiangQiang!

A type of martial artist that were also family servants of these various people took out their weapons. They all stood up, with a malevolent gaze, surrounding Ye Qingyu.

Below came the rushing of footsteps.

The soldiers with armour also had their razor sharp weapons unsheathed. They completely filled the space between the staircase of the second and third floor, a killing intent emanating in the air.

“Ye Qingyu, you dare ignore the laws of the country. To kill the innocent, quickly surrender!” A middle-aged man with a dark expression shouted, in an imposing manner.

This person was called Nie Yin, and was the master of a dojo called the [Yin Taoxuan Pavilion]. He was also one of Ye Qingyu’s targets today.

The [Yin Taoxuan Pavilion] also used to be one of Ye family’s property. Ye Qingyu’s father had founded this martial arts dojo and Nie Yin was the head instructor of this dojo in the past. He seemed cautious and conscientious, but after the death of Ye Qingyu’s father in the battle, he repossessed the dojo for his own uses. Getting rid of all who would not follow, he cruelly murdered and caused the deaths of a few instructors who were still loyal to Ye Qingyu’s father.

Nie Yin could also utilize yuan qi and was therefore not as afraid. Standing out, he condemned Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu coldly gave him a glare, saying icily, “You also look to die?”

It only took a gaze for Nie Yin’s heart freeze over. Terror and fear inexplicably rose in his heart, finding it hard to breath, and he really could not say anything more.

Ye Qingyu’s gaze left him, landing on Luo Jin who still had a faint smile on his face. “Look at your devious face. You are originally a shameless and brazen trash, and yet you have to pretend to uphold justice and righteousness. It’s been so many years, aren’t you tired…”

Luo Jin had never been mocked to such an extent before. His facial expression abruptly changed, saying, “Nephew, you…”

“If you dare call me nephew one more time, do you believe I’ll slaughter you at this very instant?” Within Ye Qingyu’s eyes, there was a glint like that of a sword unsheathed, as if he was a prehistoric beast that was about to begin killing at the slightest provocation.

Luo Jin’s heart suddenly pulsated. A cold air travelled from his spine to his head, nearly exploding his mind. A terror that he had never experienced before enveloped him.

No matter what terrifying character he faced before, Luo Jin firmly believed with his glib tongue, he was able to persuade the opponent. But this youth would not even give him the chance to speak.

*Chinese idiom, should be pretty obvious what it means. Its just a threat.

**It’s a play on words, dead fatty can also be referred to damn fatty etc. (actually its not that funny in Chinese either xD. I guess Ye Qingyu is a king of dad jokes.)

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 59:


Chapter 59 – The Consequences of Taking the Initiative

But this time, facing the teenager that he thought was under his control, Luo Jin really did not dare to utter another word.

He did not doubt in the slightest that if he spoke another sound, Ye Qingyu’s killing intent would explode like thunder, without the slight trace of hesitation.

“Hmph, the bravery of an ignorant person.” Luo Jin coldly snorted in his heart.

But he did not say anything more.

Ye Qingyu held the hand of Little Grass, coming in front of a table next to the window.

The people sitting at the table looked at each other. Finally, they quickly moved aside. The killing aura of this teenager, his hands covered in blood**, turned their faces pale, not daring to come near.

“Sit.” Ye Qingyu placed Little Grass by the window, reclining by the windowsill himself, coldly staring at the people of the third floor.

“Young master Ye, we should discuss this peacefully, perhaps we can …” Dong Mingtong from the [Miaoyu Temple] said standing up, wanting to say something more.

Ye Qingyu waved his hands, cutting him off, his face filled with impatience.

“Fine, fine, I can’t be bothered to listen to your useless words. I give you half an hour of time, obediently return the Ye family properties back and there is no need for blood to be shed here anymore. Otherwise, the fate of Fatty Jin will be your example!”

He was more than intense!

He was more than tyrannical!

This was simply arrogance!

A bare and naked arrogance!

In truth, Ye Qingyu did not want to discuss terms with these scum at all. With the things they did to the Ye family years ago, killing them hundreds of times over was still not enough considering how many people loyal to the Ye family was driven to death by them. But today was not the day to settle these grievances, and Ye Qingyu did not want to make the matter even bigger, starting a slaughter here now.

But if this crowd of scum still foolishly continued to resist, then Ye Qingyu would absolutely show no mercy.

Since he had chosen to act today, then naturally he had some cards hidden up his sleeve.

However, at this time—

“Hahaha, an extremely confident expression. Only being in the White Deer Academy, you have forgotten how high the Heavens is or how deep the Earth goes. Killing someone in broad daylight, threatening peaceful citizens, is this the things you have learnt in White Deer Academy?”

Loud laughter.

Within the hall, one of the bloodstone dividers was pulled apart.

Three people that looked like military officers were sitting beside a large table in a private room. On the table was exotic delicacies, fragrant fine liquor and with dancing women accompanying them, in the midst of a drinking party.

Previously, the rune formation dividers had blocked sound from passing through and the sounds within could not be heard at all with no one noticed anything. Now that the divider was gone, it was as if another dimension had suddenly appeared from beside the people.

The person who spoke was namely one of the military officers sitting in the middle.

This person looked to be around forty years of age, with a hooked nose, and a deep black armour. He emitted an imposing pressure, wearing a steel helmet and a long blade by his waist. From his appearance, he should be a military officer of the Northern general.

The two sitting beside the hook-nosed man were slightly younger. The person on the left had the same black armour as him, but from the style, it seemed that his military position was slightly lower than the hook-nosed man. The person on the right had the appearance of a scholar, holding a fan, with a long black beard and cold smile on his face.

Seeing these three people appear, everyone in this floor let out a long breath of relief.

Apart from these three people, there were also ten other people in distinct armour, armed with swords and spears. Every one of them was filled with a killing aura, standing like a black iron statue. Very evidently, these were the elite soldiers of the military.

Luo Jin laughed.

Deep within his eyes, a cold light appeared. A shred of triumph was in his gaze as he looked towards Ye Qingyu.

“Ahaha, nowadays the students of White Deer Academy are becoming worse and worse. A person who had not been learning for more than half a year, is coming out as a fox to exploit the tiger’s might**. Running out to scare and threaten merchants who peacefully abide by the law, tututut!” The middle-aged man drank the alcohol next to the dancers, shaking his head with an icy smile.

Ye Qingyu only smiled at this.

“So Luo Jin and these bunch of scum, the reason they still resisted until now was because of you three… Right now, have you finally shown all the cards under your sleeve?” Demon King Ye was still casually reclining in the chair next to the window.

The appearance of the hook-nosed man and his two friends did not cause Ye Qingyu to display any expression of surprise.

At the same time.

Tang San had always carefully observed Ye Qingyu’s expression.

Seeing the young master’s confident expression, he relaxed slightly. The things that had happened here today had really made Tang San’s heart beat as if he was on a wild ride, always holding his breath tensely.

But he did not know why, when things were developing to its climax and the situation was more and more explosive, he instead let out a breath of relief.

As they were speaking—

Pak!

The military officer sitting to the left of the hook-nosed man suddenly slapped his enforcement manacles upon the table, causing the female dancer beside him to turn pale. He stood up, staring and coldly saying, “Killing someone in broad daylight, even if you are a student of White Deer Academy, don’t think you can escape responsibility. Little brat, just obediently surrender and follow us to the interrogation prison!”

The interrogation prison was the place where local criminals were questioned in Deer City.

It was a rumoured place where people went there breathing normally and when they came out, would be on their last breaths. A place where you enter complete and intact but came out crushed into pieces. An eerie prison reeking of blood. Very many people, just by hearing the words interrogation prison, was enough to frighten someone stiff.

Once these words were spoken, the expression of everyone on the third floor changed.

A contemptuous expression was shown on Ye Qingyu’s face.

“Interrogation prison, haha, an extremely famous name. If this was in the past, hearing the snap of the manacles, I wonder how many people will be terrified out of their wits. To pretend to be awe inspiring, no one can be even compared to you…” Saying this, Demon King Ye gave off a smile. “It’s a pity, a pity…”

“What’s a pity?” The military officer coldly grinned.

“It’s a pity that your small Northern interrogation officer does not have the power to arrest me,” Ye Qingyu said, slowly placing the heroic brass badge on his chest, all the while with a grin to the military officer.

The military officer at first only had a cold expression, his expression looking at the brass badge with a look of disdain. First was contempt and scorn, but then he suddenly realized what it was. His mockery was gone, to be replaced by a serious expression.

The scholar on the right side of the hook-nosed man, at this instant, his countenance also changed entirely. There was a slight surprise, then hurriedly he came beside the hook-nosed man, and whispered something in his ear.

Very evidently the hook-nosed man was the leader among these three men, with the highest position.

Originally, he had his arms around two female dancers, one mouth of meat and another mouth of alcohol. He only drank and ate, enjoying himself. From the start, he did not even give Ye Qingyu a glance, not even sparing a look for Luo Jin and the others. He had the posture of someone extremely high up, as if that just by him appearing was some sort of reward for the people here.

But after the words of the scholar, he finally lifted his head.

A heated glare like a sword landed upon Ye Qingyu’s face. Then it focused on the brass heroic badge shining in the sunlight. Half a moment later, his eyebrows shifted down, standing up and gesturing. “We’re leaving!”

Finishing his words, he brought his two underlings and the ten soldiers, leaving the meeting and heading towards the staircase.

Such an abrupt change had not been predicted by anyone.

The triumph in Luo Jin’s face froze over, replaced by surprise, a hint of panic in his eyes.

“Captain Yu, you… this…” Luo Jin was finally in a panicked alarm, wanting to persuade the hook-nosed man and the others to stay.

This hook-nosed man was named Yu, his full name being Yu Luosheng. He was a captain under the Northern military leader, and could be counted as a middle level military officer.

Yu Luosheng turned his back and gave Luo Jin a glance. A faint shake of his head, without saying anything and in the blink of an eye he was already at the staircase.

The guards and the servants who had originally rushed up, every one of them looked at each other in bewilderment. But they did not dare to block the path of Yu Luosheng and the others, rushing to open a way for them to pass.

But at this time—

“Stay there!”

The Ye Qingyu who had not spoken suddenly opened his mouth.

Yu Luosheng’s body stopped. Turning around, he glared at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was not frightened in the least by the expression of the captain that seemed as if he wanted to devour someone. He blandly said, “Aren’t you going to capture me and bring me to the interrogation prison? Why are you suddenly leaving in such a rush?”

The young military officer who previously had said the brash words suddenly had a face as red as a pig’s liver. Anger and hate filled him, he bit his lips and was about to say something when the scholar hurried to stop him.

“No wonder the Ding Kaixuan with a position of nobility was willing to leave the mansion. So the Ye family really has a heroic badge that was passed down. Young master Ye, this time it was us that was too rash. The matters concerning the Ye family, we will not interfere in again, young master Ye can handle it as he pleases. Afterwards, this restaurant, me and captain Yu will place special attention onto it.”

The middle-aged scholar cupped his hands together, saying with a smile.

In reality, the heart of this scholar really wanted to swear and curse.

Ding Kaixuan that crafty old man, no wonder he did not act himself. After losing the mansion he had worked so hard to obtain, he did not dare take revenge and instead hid within his old mansion venting his anger. So it was because of this badge.

This heroic military badge had significant weight within Snow Country.

The person wearing this badge, as long as they had evidence that this was passed down legally, had a position equal to that of a noble. They did not need to dismount and rid themselves of weapons when seeing the monarch nor did they need to bow down to government officials. They had many special privileges and an unusual position. Even if they committed a crime they could not be interrogated with physical instruments, and needed the judgement of a royal member of Snow Country before they could be convicted.

For example, the fatty Jin Shiren who kept calling trash and scum at Ye Qingyu who had inherited this badge was equal to directly insulting the nobility and the royal family. As a tiny little merchant, without any position of nobility, such a crime was enough for his tongue to be sliced off and executed. Dying through falling in the streets was a mercy for him.

Fatty Jin deserved to die, and as the person who killed him, Ye Qingyu had obviously committed no crime. And to capture Ye Qingyu to interrogate him was simply just a joke unless the northern military leader and the officer of the interrogation prison did not want to live anymore.

The reason that the scholar wanted to swear and curse was because Ding Kaixuan and the others had evidently known that Ye Qingyu had such a badge. However, they had not inform himself or Yu Luosheng at all. They were used like idiots by him, forcefully taken the initiative. The result was that they had gotten into a mess and trouble, losing all their face

And they had also offended Ye Qingyu.

*Not literally but metaphorically **Chinese Idiom: use powerful connection to intimidate people.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 60:


Chapter 60 – Returning [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant]

If Ye Qingyu was only a teenager with average talent, even if he possessed the heroic badge, his threat would not be too high. Similarly, if Ye Qingyu was only a normal student of White Deer Academy, offending him would not be something to be fearful about. But this youth was a White Deer Academy student and the inheritor of a heroic badge. When these two were added together, this was something that was frightening.

This type of person would sooner or later grow up.

Even just considering the present, the entire Northern military office may not be enough to handle him anymore, not to mention the three officers.

They were, in the eyes of common citizens — no, even in the eyes of wealthy people — big shots. But in front of the brass heroic badge of Ye Qingyu, the identity of their position as military officers was laughable.

As someone in the army, to offend someone who had inherited the badge of the royal family of Snow Country, there was not a stupider thing to do than this in the entire world.

This was why the scholar threw away his face and had a friendly tone when he spoke.

He knew today they were used by some people as the spear head, to probe Ye Qingyu or perhaps it was due to some other reason. Either way, their current position was not something to be envied. They must think of ways to repair the relationship between them and Ye Qingyu, only then could they regain some benefit.

Ye Qingyu heard this and his expression remained calm and peaceful.

In these four years, Luo Jin and the others had completely taken over the properties of the Ye family. This was a bare and naked robbery and repossession, something that was against the laws of the country. However, they did not receive the slightest retribution or consequence from their actions; the positions of Luo Jin and the others were just servants and merchants at that time. Evidently, to be able to do this, they must have the support of someone in the background.

In these four years, the Ye family properties had accumulated wealth and riches. Luo Jin and the others had received a part of it, but the person behind them must have received much more.

The person who was able to do this was not someone of the army, but someone of the nobility.

“I don’t care if you received who’s order to support Luo Jin, and I don’t care what has happened in the shadows in these four years. From today onwards, all the property of the Ye family must be returned to the Ye family. If there are still people not willing to give up, and still wants to obstruct me, then I don’t mind making this matter even bigger. The Ye family has once bled before so…” Ye Qingyu’s fingers lightly clasped the table. “Today’s Ye family is also not afraid of shedding blood.”

The tone of which he used to speak was very calm.

But every person was able to discern from the calm tone of this teenager a steel will and a determination that was unquestionable. It was a martial artist’s heart that would not accept any negotiation.

The aura of the hook-nosed man could not help but completely disappear at this very moment.

“No need to worry young master Ye. Me and my brothers, from now on the matters regarding the Ye family, the northern military will not question again.” The hook-nosed man nodded his head, expressing his goodwill and then left with his soldiers, not daring to tarry in the slightest.

Within the northern military office, Yu Luosheng could be counted as a mid-level officer. He could not hide the sky with one hand*; even though he had a military position, he was not a nobility nor did he have a title. He was only a soldier, especially in front of a heroic badge holder, he could not be the slightest bit impudent or presumptuous.

As they looked at Yu Luosheng and the others departing, there was a deathly silence in the hall.

Some people had still not recovered.

Some people had already recovered. Swallowing their saliva down their throat with difficulty, they looked at the youth bathed in golden sunlight next to the windowsill, their faces covered with fear and shock.

And there were some people who acted as if they were undergoing a funeral, experiencing an apocalyptic fear.

Such as Luo Jin.

The middle-aged merchant who had been, from the very beginning, absolutely sure he could devour Ye Qingyu, his expression right now was as if he had just eaten a dead rat. His smile that was produced using his best efforts was even more disgusting than if he had just simply cried.

“Young master Ye, I…” Luo Jin said simply, kneeling to the floor.

He finally understood how laughable and ridiculous he was. He finally understood, in the world where strength was the ruler of all, the techniques he used to manipulate people, the techniques that he was so proud of, in the eyes of the truly strong and the nobles, was not even worthy of mention.

This kneel signified his complete collapse.

Ye Qingyu gave Luo Jin a glance, seeing him painfully weeping in front of him. His brain could not help but think of when he was young, this person in front of his parents treating him especially well, with kindness and gentleness. Purchasing various items and his fake joyful smile…

“Not crying until you see the coffin, not giving up until reaching the Deer river!” Ye Qingyu sighed lightly.

This sigh caused Wang Youde from the [Murong Shop] and Dong Mingtong from the [Miaoyu Temple] to be frightened out of their wits. Thinking that Ye Qingyu was intending to kill them, they knelt on the floor with a thud.

“Young master Ye, we were wrong…”

“Forgive us!”

“I am willing to handover the [Murong Shop], completely giving it over…”

“The [Miaoyu Temple] from now on is also the property of the Ye family. Young master Ye, please show your mercy. Spare me. I beg you spare me…”

The two kowtowed like a hammer pounding garlic.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything, his gaze landing on Nie Yin.

Nie Yin who came from a martial artist background, had a sturdiness that Luo Jin and the other merchants did not possess. Although at this moment he was also frightened, but he still bit hit lips and was about to negotiate…

“Fine, you win. As long as you accept my conditions, the [Yin Taoxuan Pavilion] can return to the Ye family…” Nie Yin said bitingly.

Before he had finished, a cold smile appeared on Ye Qingyu’s lips.

The next instant, a shadow passed through everyone’s vision. Luo Jin could only sense a figure passing by in front of him, and when he reacted, he could only hear Nie Yin’s cries from behind him…

He turned around to look.

As his eyes took in the scene, his pupils dilated.

The Nie Yin who was domineering and powerful in their eyes, was struck in the dantian by Ye Qingyu’s palm. There was a visible mist that emitted from Nie Yin’s body, and a sound like beans popping could be heard…

“Aaa, You… you’ve crippled my yuan qi, you…” Nie Yin was like a balloon that leaked air, slowly deflating. His face turning ashen grey, his gaze containing hatred and despair.

Ye Qingyu retrieved his palm.

“This will be interest. Forcefully taking over the Ye family property for so many years, some sort of price must be paid. Normally, you use your strength to bully others, today I have crippled your martial prowess. I fear that there are countless people applauding me for this action…”

Ye Qingyu stared icily at Nie Yin.

“You are ruthless…” Nie Yin lifted his hand and pointed at Ye Qingyu.

“Ruthless?” Ye Qingyu shook his head. “Compared to the things that you have done to the Ye family, this cannot even hold a candle… I am no longer the little boy that can be bullied and walked all over.” Ye Qingyu slowly returned by the window, saying, “What right do you have to discuss conditions with me?”

Luo Jin and the others had already been frightened till their faces were the colour of the ground, cold sweat dripping down their cheeks.

The way Ye Qingyu did things was brutal and direct.

Losing his yuan qi represented that Nie Yin had lost everything. The way he did things was overbearing and he had made not a few enemies. Now that he had lost his martial power, once news of this leaked out, very quickly, he would be in a state worse than death.

Then how would this youth take care of them?

Luo Jin and the others state of mind was in a mess, as if they were a prisoner waiting for their judgement. If time could be turned back, they would absolutely not offend the Ye family anymore.

“I also won’t go too far, return the Ye family properties and each one of you pay a hundred thousand of silver taels**, then the grievances between the Ye family will be written off. If you don’t come to provoke me in the future, then I also won’t bother you.” Ye Qingyu clasped the edge of the table, saying in a bland tone.

“I am willing, I am willing…” Dong Mington rushed to be the first one to accept.

Luo Jin and Wang Youde felt a pain in their heart. After taking over the properties, in these four years of time, the profit added up together was only about a hundred thousand silver taels. Repaying so much was equal to slicing off their own flesh, but if they were not willing to pay…

Thinking of the consequences of Jin Shiren and Nie Yin, they did not dare to raise an objection at all.

This affair could be said to have drawn to a stop.

Ye Qingyu did not tarry longer than half an hour. Waiting until Luo Jin and the others had signed and placed their finger prints on the rune formation contracts, he left the remaining business for Tang San to take care of.

For Tang San, this was an opportunity, but also a test.

If he was able to effectively manage these assorted affairs, then from now on Ye Qingyu could rest his heart and rely on him for a lot of matters. But if his ability was not enough, then Ye Qingyu would naturally consider swapping the steward of the Ye family.

And as for why he had so much confidence in this youth who did not look older than sixteen, even Ye Qingyu himself could not be sure. Perhaps it was the fact that he himself was only slightly older than fourteen.

And on the other hand, being able to obtain such an opportunity, Tang San was naturally so excited that he could float in the air. But he suppressed his urge to jump up and down, suppressing the tremors in his heart, trying to give off a sedated and calm appearance. After seeing off Ye Qingyu, he handled the leftover business.

Luo Jin and the others had been completely broken by Ye Qingyu. They did not dare to play any tricks, cooperating to their fullest.

……

The sunlight outside [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant] had already become extremely bright and glaring.

The weather these several days was abnormally great, making people feel especially comfortable.

But the old citizens of Deer City knew that these types of days signified the end of the time of good weather with bright sunlight. Very quickly, within a thousand miles, it was about to enter the season of icy winds and floating snow.

Holding Little Grass’s hand and walking down the staircase, the people who previously had gazes of fierceness like wolves and tigers were at this time like little lambs lowering their heads, as if bowing to their monarch.

Telling the server to package their special food, Ye Qingyu prepared it for Aunt Lan and the others as a small present.

Little Grass carried the food container. As she left the entrance of the restaurant her smile was like a flower blooming in March.

But as Ye Qingyu left the restaurant, he stopped.

Six men wearing pale purple clothing stood in front of the restaurant as if waiting for someone. The collar of neckline had a vivid pale golden dragon engraved upon it, and under the sunlight, was especially eye catching.

These six people wearing such clothing stood right in front of the restaurant and passersby all took a detour to avoid them.

The people from the Two River Group had also arrived?

Ye Qingyu was slightly surprised.

*Hide the truth from the masses **Unit of weight equal to fifty grams

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

