Chapter 133:


Chapter 134 – Soldiers on Duty

Wen Wan did not come at the promised time.

That evening, he did not come find Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu had long gotten used to the fact that this fellow could not be relied upon. He did not wait for him any longer.

By the time the colour of the night turned pitch black, Bai Yuanxing had not yet returned. Therefore, Ye Qingyu went downstairs, finding something casual to eat. He decided to go to the military supply department in search of him. Following the roads, and glancing curiously at the new surroundings, he headed in the direction of the military supply department.

There were strict rules imposed on the streets at night. Night patrols crossed and intersected in the streets repeatedly. Even if you were a normal military officer, without a special military order, it was forbidden for you to leave the camps. One was not allowed to walk in the streets at night.

Thankfully, Ye Qingyu held the position of patrolling sword envoy. It was a rather special role, and was not included in this restriction.

After receiving the interrogation of several of these patrols on the streets, Ye Qingyu obtained the correct directions from these patrols. Fifteen minutes later, he had finally arrived in the great camp of the military supply department.

The military supply department did not belong to the vanguard, back, the left or the right, these four main camps. But its position was very important in Youyan Pass. Funding and provisioning every troop, they were the god of wealth in the army. They were a character that everyone wanted to have good relations with.

There were less than two thousand meters of distance between the military supply department and the Pass Lord’s residence. The large majority of the buildings of the supply department was hidden under the snow and ice, within the mountain. What was exposed outside were only tens of black warehouses and three stone halls.

The ice and snow fenced these structures within.

There were elite soldiers wearing black armour that were patrolling around in all directions of the military supply base. They was a mound every ten steps and a sentry every five. The security was extremely serious. And within the large gate covered by ice and snow, there were twenty people stationed there. The group on duty would be swapped periodically every hour. No matter whether one considered how well armoured they were or their individual strength, these were the elite of the elite.

“Who is it?”

There was a cold shout in front of him.

Before Ye Qingyu had neared a hundred meter from the gates, he had already been discovered.

But he did not have the intention to hide himself. Calmly, he walked slowly step by step, and at the same time indicated to the official seal of his position. Activating his inner yuan, the formations on the official seal began to activate. It formed a diagram of two swords diagonally intersecting with a vast atmosphere and great momentum.

This was the official formation seal of the patrolling sword envoy.

Most of the surrounding cold killing intent, in this instant, largely evaporated.

Ye Qingyu knew that the hidden sentries had already retreated.

He did not hurry or slow his pace. Step by step, he walked to in front of the gates.

The four-meter-tall snow and ice fence that surrounded their base was sculpted from cold ice formed hundreds of years ago. On it, was the enhancement of formations. Yuan qi of Heaven and Earth fluctuated within. This ice wall, was even more sturdy than walls made from steel. The gates were also similarly sculpted from ice, and under the lanterns of the night, there was a translucent mysteriousness.

Before the great gates, there were ten icicles on each side with a girth that you could wrap your arms around. These were erected to the left and right of the gates.

These icicles were tens of meters high.

“Superior.” The captain of the soldiers that were on duty at the gates came over, slightly bowing to Ye Qingyu. His face was covered by the black face armour. In the colour of the darkness, he seemed like a monster of the night. Seemingly grim and unfeeling, he extended his hand. “For what matter has superior you come to the military supply department? Please, could you show your seal.”

Ye Qingyu handed over his official seal.

His gaze passed by this chilling soldier on duty that was like a monster of the night. His gaze casually flicked to above the icicles.

But in the next instant, his gaze froze while looking at the pillar.

And at the same time, the soldier on duty seeing Ye Qingyu’s official seal was slightly taken aback. He could not help but lift his head and have another glance at Ye Qingyu. Seeing that this patrolling sword envoy was unfamiliar and young, he instantly knew that this was the rumoured new patrolling sword envoy here to fulfill the empty position.

Connecting this with the matter that had happened this evening, the captain on duty instantly understood that this would not end well.

He extended his hand to hand the official seal over respectfully…

But at that time, he could only feel his vision ferociously blurring. The figure of Ye Qingyu had disappeared.

The other armoured soldiers let out shocked exclamations.

They could only see Ye Qingyu’s body, like it was a humongous avian, appearing in an instant at the tip of an icicle. His hand like a knife, he cut through an ice pillar as if it was tofu. He released a prisoner that was chained to the icicle. Holding him into his embrace, he floated back to the ground.

There was no sound as he landed, nor traces of his descent in the snow.

The twenty ice pillars outside the gates, were known as the [Punishment Pillars of Warning]. It was a place where the military supply departments punished criminals. Those soldiers who had committed serious crimes would be hung at the top of these formation ice pillars, serving as warning to everyone. Some outside people who had conflicts with the officers of the military supply department would also receive such a punishment to enforce the military authority of the supply department.

Ye Qingyu looked at the armoured soldiers on duty saying, “Why is the sword slave of White Horse Tower hung on the ice pillar? I need an explanation.”

The person in his embrace was the sword slave of White Horse Tower, Bai Yuanxing. He was already at his last breaths.

“This…” The captain of the soldiers on duty hesitated, about to say something.

Ye Qingyu quickly checked the injuries of Bai Yuanxing and his expression faintly changed. He did not tarry any longer, soaring back towards the direction of White Horse Tower.

“Whoever did it, tell him to scram to White Horse Tower and explain himself to me.”

A voice containing fury resounded throughout the night air.

In the blink of an eye, Ye Qingyu had already disappeared in the vast night air.

The captain of the guards on duty was dumbfounded for a moment, then thought of something. Gesturing for one of his subordinates to come over, he said something to him in a low voice beside his ear. This subordinate followed the order, turning and running inside the gates…

After a short while, a black-robed young man walked out.

The leader of the soldiers on duty handed over the military seal over, saying something in a low voice. He pointed in the direction of the empty [Punishment Pillars] that was still vibrating.

The face of the black-robed young man, instantly became somewhat embarrassed.

His figure flashed, soaring upwards and following along the ice pillar. Halfway up, his hands pressed down on the icicle, borrowing force to lift himself up further. Grabbing the edge of the snapped off ice pillar, he inspected the cut of the ice pillar. It was smooth and polished like a mirror. His eyebrows became even more furrowed.

This ice pillar had received the enhancement of formations. Blades and swords could hardly harm it.

But the cut was sharp and polished. According to the words of the head soldier, it seemed to have been broken by the newly arrived patrolling sword envoy…

It seems like the strength of this new officer could not be underestimated.

The black-robed young man landed back on the ground.

The leader of the soldier’s facial features was covered by black face armour and his expression not able to be clearly seen. But he had clearly witnessed that the same action of jumping to the top of the pillar, Ye Qingyu’s movement was as nimble and as agile as a snowflake, but the black-robed young man was somewhat more clumsy and heavy…

The one above and the one below was already decided.

“What did he say when he left?” the black-robed young man asked.

“He said, who acted against his people, scram to the White Horse Tower to give him an explanation.” The leading soldier on duty explained everything that had occurred in detail, not hiding anything in the slightest.

The black-robed young man nodded his head. Lowering his head to look at the official seal of the patrolling sword envoy, he did not say anything in the end. Turning around, he headed inside the gates of the military supply department.

The night wind whistled.

The floating snow was like blades.

“Superior, just what is this?” another soldier on duty came over, curiously asking.

That black-robed young man just now was called Zhao Ruyun, an officer in charge of allocating supplies in the department. Wielding power, he was namely the person responsible for allocating resources to the areas around White Horse Tower. Of the thirty-six officers in charge of allocating supplies, he could be counted as one of the most talented. With powerful strength and exceptional family background, he had received the trust and usage of the high ups. He could be counted as a rising star of the supply department.

But similar in all cases, when a young man had great achievements, he could not help but be somewhat haughty and be arrogant.

Zhao Ruyun was not an exception.

Normally, this young man was haughty and his style of work pitiless. But unfortunately, his post held real authority. A casual little action by him could make someone suffer hardship they were unable to bear. Even those who had a higher military position and strength than Zhao Ruyun would give him some face.

Today, without knowing why, as the timid sword slave from White Horse Tower came to request their stipend, Zhao Ruyun was suddenly enraged. Reprimanding the sword slave for taking the stipend in vain, he ordered people to tie him up and beat him until he fainted. He hung him on the [Punishment Pillars] for him to be frozen alive.

But it seemed like this time Zhao Ruyun had provoked a fierce character.

The White Horse Tower that had been left abandoned for four years. A new patrolling sword envoy had unexpectedly arrived.

But this patrolling sword envoy, from what it seemed like, was not going to display any sort of weakness whatsoever.

The captain of the soldiers on duty gave a glance at the soldier that had walked over, shaking his head. “Don’t ask so many whys. These are not characters that we are able to provoke. Carefully guard your position. Curiosity can kill. Manage your mouths. The things that occurred here, don’t go and spread it around. Don’t blame me for not reminding you when disaster falls on your head for speaking too much.”

The soldiers quickly nodded their heads.

As he watched his subordinates departing, the leader thought about many more things.

According to the daytime rumours, there was a newly arrived patrolling sword envoy whose smell of his mother’s milk had not yet dried*. He had a fairly sizeable clash with the guerilla warfare officer Lin Lang in the Pass Lord’s residence. Who would have thought, that only a couple of hours after, he was able to see with his own eyes, the patrolling sword envoy that entered the Death tower.

Although the territory of Youyan Pass stretched out for hundreds of miles, but in reality it was a very small circle.

Everything that happened within would quickly spread out. As long as one paid attention, they would be able to obtain the information they wanted.

He believed that the events here tonight would quickly spread out.

The newly arrived young patrolling sword envoy would unquestionably become the focus of everyone’s eyes. Countless gazes would gather on the body of this youth. This was especially so, since the position of the patrolling sword envoy was so special and it possessed significant power. If this youth was a fierce character and had great background, the moment he chose which faction to enter was when the current balance of Youyan Pass would be broken.

This was like scattering a bunch of salt into hot oil. Once the appearance of the new patrolling sword envoy was made known, it would cause the wok of oil, Youyan Pass, that was already boiling, to completely roil and roar.

Without knowing why, the leader of the soldiers had a premonition. There would soon be some incredible changes that would occur in the Youyan Pass that was as stable as a boulder in the tempest and had towered for tens of years through the battlefield.

……

“Withstand it!”

Ye Qingyu’s figure was like lighting, returning to White Horse Tower at high speed.

Bai Yuanxing had injuries on his body, but it was not life threatening. But he had been hung for several hours already on the [Punishment Pillars] and had faced a chilling cold wind that seeped into his bones. For the him that did not know martial arts, this was a torture that was hard to bear. Ye Qingyu was able to sense that the body of Bai Yuanxing was nearly completely frozen.

This was the reason Ye Qingyu did not find the people of the military supply department to settle his grievance immediately. This was the reason he brought Bai Yuanxing back immediately.

First and foremost was to save the person in question.

On the way, Ye Qingyu’s inner yuan protected the heart of Bai Yuanxing, warming his meridians and extending his last wisp of breath. Once he returned to White Horse Tower, Ye Qingyu instantly, with his full effort, inserted his inner yuan into Bai Yuanxing’s body to retain his life force.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 134:


Chapter 135 – A Technique that was Invincible in Theory

Ye Qingyu was very angry.

He did not know just what has occurred when Bai Yuanxing went to the military supply department. But with Bai Yuanxing’s timid and cautious personality even if he was the one in the right, he would retreat to some degree. Even if he was negligent or in the wrong, the mistakes he made must be unintentional. But what he received was such a heavy punishment.

In truth, he did not want to know what had occurred.

Because it was completely meaningless.

As the saying goes, when you hit a dog, you have to look at who owned the dog.

Bai Yuanxing was the sword slave of White Horse Tower; He was a person who belonged to White Horse Tower. Therefore, he was Ye Qingyu’s man. Such an act by the people of the military supply department was tantamount to slapping Ye Qingyu on the face.

He had only arrived at Youyan Pass for half a day of time. On some perspective, he had not even stabilized his footing. But in this matter, Ye Qingyu did not want to have any sort of compromise.

Firstly, it was because Wen Wan had once told him that to flourish in Youyan Pass, you have to possess bravery and toughness. Soldiers were belligerent – prestige was crucial if you wanted their respect. No matter what the situation, you had to be somewhat ferocious. Only then could you gain the acceptance of the soldiers and their respect.

The second reason was the most important reason.

Ye Qingyu was furious.

Truly furious.

Seeing the youth in front of him that was about to turn into an icicle and his pale, pallid face like he had applied countless layers of face powder, Ye Qingyu could barely control his rage. Although their time together was very short together, but without knowing when, he had already begun to treat him as an important comrade.

“Since they want to step on me, then they should make preparations for being stepped on in return… this is a good opportunity for me to establish respect.”

Ye Qingyu made his decision.

Within White Horse Tower.

He incessantly inserted his inner yuan into the body of Bai Yuanxing.

“He really has average talent. His physique is naturally very poor, and he has passed the most opportune period of time for his training. If he does not encounter any sort of opportunity, it is extremely hard for him to be a true expert of the martial path.”

As his inner yuan entered into Bai Yuanxing’s body, Ye Qingyu could sense the rate of the flow of yuan qi in his body. He began to have an understanding of the martial foundations of this sword slave of White Horse Tower.

He treated Bai Yuanxing’s injuries for an entire night.

The expenditure on Ye Qingyu’s inner yuan was extremely great.

Very quickly, dawn came. Ye Qingyu finally managed to have expelled all the chilling air within Bai Yuanxing’s body. It made it so that his heartbeat and meridians were gradually becoming stronger, with signs that it would get better. His body finally began to emit a slight warmth.

As he arranged the slumbering form of Bai Yuanxing, Ye Qingyu could finally relax and let out a breath of relief.

This person could be said to have been saved.

But it was likely that he had to be carefully nourished for a period of time before he could recover his vitality.

Ye Qingyu left White Horse Tower and ate breakfast in the stands on the streets. After thinking, he spent money in hiring a servant girl and purchased some herbs and meat that could restore vitality. Bringing her and the items back to White Horse Tower, he directed the servant girl to take care of Bai Yuanxing.

During this entire day, the supply department did not send anyone to explain about what had occurred.

It was only during the time of the evening that an armoured soldier came to White Horse Tower. He came to hand back Ye Qingyu’s official seal and his deputy seal— this official seal was given by Ye Qingyu to the captain of the soldiers on duty. and the deputy seal was taken yesterday when Bai Yuanxing when to request for the stipend to be reinstated but was captured instead.

Ye Qingyu, seeing that the person bringing the seals back was only an ordinary soldier, knew that making things difficult for him was pointless. He did not say anything, stowing away the seals.

As he stared at the retreating solder, a cold light flashed in Ye Qingyu’s eyes under the light of the sun.

“It seems that they intend to completely ignore the new patrolling sword envoy.”

He smiled slightly.

It seems like the words of Wen Wan were not wrong.

The contest and struggles within the military was even more direct than in the academy. Sometimes, you had no way of commanding someone by relying only on your military position. Even the Lu Zhaoge who was revered like a deity did not begin from high up in the clouds. Only through tens of years of time could he establish respect like that of a god in Youyan Pass.

Ye Qingyu did not imagine that he would encounter such a tricky situation the instant he arrived at Youyan Pass.

But perhaps this was also an opportunity?

He returned to the fourth floor, continuing to train.

……

After the armoured soldier returned to the supply department, he retold everything that had happened to the black-robed young man Zhao Ruyun in detail, concealing nothing.

Zhao Ruyun waved his hands, gesturing for the soldier to leave.

He silently sat on his chair, seriously pondering.

After a short while.

He lightly clapped his hand.

A soldier that was his confidant walked in from outside the halls.

“Help me send out invitations. Invite the guerilla officer Lin Lang, the staff officer of the Pass Lord’s office, and also…” Zhao Ruyun listed six or seven names. “Invite them to discuss important matters at the supply department three days later.”

“As your order say.”

The soldier turned around to enact the order.

A sinister colour flashed by the face of Zhao Ruyun.

……

One day later.

White Horse Tower.

Bai Yuanxing was still in the midst of unconsciousness.

But the vitality of his heart was stronger than before.

With the servant girl’s careful attention, Bai Yuanxing’s injures healed at a rapid rate. Ye Qingyu would come treat him three times every day, treating his acupuncture points and temple, not sparing any inner yuan in order to help him heal with his energy. According to Ye Qingyu’s estimate, if no accidents occurred, then in two days’ time, this White Horse sword slave would awaken.

But that fellow Wen Wan still had not appeared.

Ye Qingyu guessed that perhaps something had occurred in the camps. Since Wen Wan could not leave temporarily, he did not rush to go out and find him.

Apart from helping Bai Yuanxing, Ye Qingyu did not travel about the city. Instead, he spent all his time training.

He needed to quickly truly control the power of fifteen Spirit springs, making it truly belong to himself. At the same time, Ye Qingyu finally had time to quietly comprehend the unlocked parts of the [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

He sat peacefully at the quiet fourth floor of White Horse Tower. He summoned the Bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

Due to the incident previously with the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] Chen Moyun, Ye Qingyu knew that others had no way of discovering the existence of the Bronze book. Therefore, there was not a need for any concealment. After washing, he sat on the prayer mat facing the window. Lifting the Bronze book, he began to read.

An hour later.

“So the ten pages of information unlocked in the ancient Bronze book are not ten different kinds of techniques. There is only one called [Limitless Divine Way]. This is really too astonishing, the entire contents of these ten pages is just concerning one technique…”

After reading the entire content of the ten pages, Ye Qingyu was very shocked.

He had originally thought, that the situation would be the same as what had occurred previously. He had cultivated another eleven Spirit springs in one breath, and apart from the [Flash] formation, he should have also unlocked another ten parts of the Bronze book. In theory, he should have obtained objects like the [Sentry Guard] or techniques like the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King].

But what made him astonished was that the contents of all ten of the unsealed pages were all pertaining to one technique.

[Limitless Divine Way].

“Since all ten pages of the Bronze book are about one technique, this technique called the [Limitless Divine Way] is absolutely not simple.“

Ye Qingyu’s mind was shaken. He was even more expectant in his heart. He continued to comprehend the mysteries contained within the pages.

Gradually, he was finally able to understand some of the secrets within.

“The so called [Limitless Divine Way] should not be a battle technique. Instead, it is a type of battle state where your power is increased. By entering this state, not only will your power and speed will multiply, your reaction speed and your senses, because of the flow of inner yuan speed, can also multiply… Heavens, this technique, is slightly too terrifying.”

After Ye Qingyu finished, he was so shocked that he could not emit a sound.

In this world, why would there be such an incredible and tyrannical technique?

Once he entered into the state of [Limitless Divine Way], it was equal to multiplying your strength. In nearly an instant, you could completely slaughter opponents at the same level as you.

Ye Qingyu was at the fifteen Spirit springs stage right now. Increasing his strength by a factor of one, this would be the thirty Spirit springs of strength. Two times would be the forty-five Spirit springs. If he was able to activate seven times, then would he be able fight against experts of the Bitter Sea stage?

This…

Even the legendary sutras, compared to this technique, were only average?

Ye Qingyu could not believe his eyes. Such a method was not something that humans should be able to possess.

Fiercely suppressing his scream of excitement, he continued to read on.

Finally, he discovered some information.

“So the [Limitless Divine Way] is a technique for your power to rapidly rise. The highest it can reach is an increase of ten times your original strength. This is called [Ten Limits]. And it is not that everyone can perfectly use the power of ‘Ten limits’; they must possess a perfect and powerful fleshy body. Only then can they withstand exploding with a power that exceeds their original. Otherwise, once their power was multiplied, before even injuring the enemy, they had a danger of perishing from not being able to withstand the energy and fracture.”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

If it was really like so, then this fitted in with common reason.

According to the record in the Bronze book, normal people practicing in the [Limitless Divine Way] at the most could only explode with a power one or two times greater than their original power. Only body cultivators of the God and Devil Age, with their powerful fleshy body, could withstand even greater limits. But body cultivators had a natural born disadvantage in yuan qi cultivation. Therefore, in these countless years of time, the [Limitless Divine Way] should have been extremely powerful, but very little people could completely control it in real battle. A tiny number of people could unleash the true power of the [Limitless Divine Way].

At the same time, even if one reached the state where their power multiplied, this was only a short term enhancement.

According to the record of the Bronze book, the person who created this technique, the prodigy of the Divine Race, could only multiply his strength by a factor of eight and could not withstand sustaining it for more than fifteen minutes. As such, this was nearly the limits of the geniuses in history who cultivated in the [Limitless Divine Way].

The [Limitless Divine Way] was a technique that was invincible in theory.

And what decided its upper limits was only one thing.

The power of the fleshy body of its user.

“The power of my fleshy body, is much tougher than martial artists at the same level as me. Perhaps this in theory invincible martial path, is one that is suitable for me?”

Ye Qingyu laughed.

Not considering anymore, he began to be immersed in the technique, cultivating in the [Limitless Divine Way].

Time passed minute by minute.

Ye Qingyu attempted to enter into that state, according to the method outlined in the [Limitless Divine Way]. Fluctuating his inner yuan, activating his potential, he tried to enter the state of multiplication but was not successful.

“To want to truly enter the [Limitless Divine Way], it needs the soul, flesh, blood, spirit, thoughts, will and qi to be at a peak state. Then one must enter into a state of coordination with all these factors. Only then can it be successfully be activated…”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 135:


Chapter 136 – The Person Walking in the Setting Sun

Ye Qingyu bitterly trained in the [Limitless Divine Way].

He flipped through the ten pages of the Bronze book, constantly deepening his understanding of the [Limitless Divine Way]’s breathing technique.

Gradually, he found a sensation.

In that instant, with his highly concentrated and elevated spirit, he entered a strange state where he was himself but not himself, observing himself but forgetting himself. Ye Qingyu felt that in the time of the spark of a flint, a strange transformation had occurred.

This type of feeling was like flowing light flashing by.

But after numerous attempts, Ye Qingyu finally managed to latch onto the tiniest shred of this sensation

“The perfect state, in theory, the [Ten limits] is hard to reach. I need to first begin from the [First Limit], to increase my strength by a factor of one…” …… ……

Three days later.

Military supply department, stone hall.

The rooms of the hall were closed. Seven or eight people sat silently within the stone hall.

Zhao Ruyun had already changed into a black Taotie* beast skin armour. His appearance was thriving with heroic spirit. He retold everything that he knew then said, “In these days, Ye Qingyu has nearly not left his residence and acted extremely low key. I don’t know what kind of medicine he is selling in his gourd. The reason I invited everyone here was to discuss on how exactly to take care of this person.”

“Haha, he is just being deliberately mystifying. I’ve long said, this little brat is just trying to scare people with fake bravado.” The voices of laughter sounded. The person who had spoken was namely the guerilla officer Lin Lang that had clashed with Ye Qingyu at the Pass Lord’s residence.

In the stone hall apart from Lin Lang and Zhao Ruyun, there were another three or four people sitting there. Their ages wear all similar, extremely young and wearing bright armour. All of them had considerable positions within the army and every one of them were young people that came from a noble family.

As Zhao Ruyun heard this, his expression slightly relaxed. “Brother Lin’s words are reasonable. In truth, that night, I was really frightened by him. After all, the military position of the patrolling sword envoy is far too special. I cannot be too cautious. Therefore I have invited everyone here to discuss a plan, but it seems I have made everyone witness a joke.”

Everyone began laughing.

And within these people sitting down, there was a young man wearing a green robe. He had thick black hair, white skin and brought with him a rich scholarly air. With a smile he said, “From past examples, for someone to be able to occupy the position of the patrolling sword envoy, their history must not be simple. As soon as I heard the news from brother Zhao, I’ve already ordered my people. Utilizing the information channels in the Pass Lord’s residence, I’ve sent people to investigate on Ye Qingyu’s background information. I believe we will very quickly have news…”

Before he had finished.

As if it was responding to his words, a clear screech of an eagle came from outside.

One was able to see in the skies, a black dot diving down. It was a huge black eagle, ferocious, its body shrouded in divine light. The length of its wingspan was tens of meters and in the blood red skies of the sunset it was like a streak of black lightning. Shooting past layers and layers of sentries in the air, it unexpectedly did not meet with any blockages. In an instant, it came to above the stone hall of the military supply department.

“Haha, it seems there is already a result.”

The scholarly young man smiled, gesturing faintly with his hand.

The huge black eagle rapidly shrunk, turning into a ray of light that ultimately entered into the stone hall and into his palm. It transformed into a piece of black jade that was smaller than the size of a hand. The lines of the figure were extremely smooth. It was a jade statue in the shape of an eagle, and seemed charming form its outer appearance.

The scholarly young man shone with a faint light, discerning the information held within the jade eagle statue.

The black jade eagle piece was the formation creation of Youyan Pass of the Pass Lord’s residence, specially used to deliver and convey information. It was extremely costly to construct each and every piece. With it, it was possible to send a message across ten thousand miles within two hours, incomparably incredible. In the entire Youyan Pass, only people of the Pass Lord’s residence was able to use it.

And the scholarly young man was the youngest advisor of the Pass Lord’s residence. He was called Yi Sance.

He had deliberately demonstrated the majesty of the black eagle jade piece and had definitely done this out of the intention to flaunt a little bit. Everyone sitting here were people of outstanding talent in the younger generation in Youyan Pass . They were high class nobles and were normally a small group. Every member was somewhat arrogant. The scholarly educated young man was the only one among them who held a position within the Pass Lord’s residence, possessing a high status.

“Haha, it seems we have really overestimated the newly arrived patrolling sword officer.” The educated young man Yi Sance faintly smiled. “According to my information, this Ye Qingyu, is just a small person from a common background. He is only a little student from White Deer Academy that has not even graduated yet. The only reason he was able to obtain the beneficial position of patrolling sword envoy was that he was able to inherit a heroic brass badge from his parents. He could be said to have been extremely lucky…“

As everyone heard this, they were all taken aback.

“So it was like this. Haha, a person like that really caused me to not sleep well last night.” When Zhao Ruyun heard this, he was both embarrassed and angry. Such a little character had really caused him to be restless throughout the night. Calling his friends so early morning was really making a large issue out of a small problem. This time, he had completely become a joke.

“I wonder what is his level of strength?” Another person was somewhat more cautious, enquiring form more information.

The educated young man lightly smiled, the black jade piece transforming into a bird shaped light, disappearing in the direction of the Pass Lord’s residence. Only then did he say, “Ye Qingyu, second year student of White Deer Academy. Fifteen years old, and according to the most recent news, he is approximately between the third Spirit spring stage and the fourth spirit spring stage…”

“Third Spirit spring?”

“Second year?”

“Only fifteen?”

Everyone sitting there began laughing uproariously.

Within their laughter was both contempt and disdain.

Such news made them completely reassured.

If they were really slightly worried before, they did not have anything they needed to be afraid of right now. That’s right, the position of the patrolling sword envoy was special, and they possessed real authority. But in the martial world, the personal martial strength of someone and the power of their family would always be the most accurate measure to measure someone by.

And very evidently, in the eyes of these people, the patrolling sword envoy Ye Qingyu did not fulfill the necessary standard.

“The White Horse Tower is known as the Tower of death. Haha, it seems like the twenty-second patrolling sword envoy will also be cursed to his death. This scene is going to appear very soon.” Lin Lang had completely relaxed.

Right now, he was somewhat regretful of the fact that he should not have acted so prudently at the Pass Lord’s residence. If he long knew about Ye Qingyu’s background, he would have definitely fiercely humiliated Ye Qingyu then. Perhaps if he did that, within Youyan Pass, they would be spreading his fierce reputation everywhere right now.

Zhao Ruyun continuously sneered.

He had already began planning in his heart, whether he should send someone to recapture the White Horse sword slave Ye Qingyu had rescued.

Since Ye Qingyu did not have any status whatsoever, to play to death with a sword slave under his command was not something important at all. The most important thing was to regain his face. Otherwise, this time where he had made a fuss over nothing would later become a joke and a point of mockery in their discussions.

“We were really far too sensitive. Our faces had been covered by ashes** by that brash idiot Wen Wan not long ago and hence we were far too careful. We have not exposed our claws and fangs in far too long a time. This has made people look down on us…” A young man with a black beard and leopard-like eyes slammed on a table, loudly shouting. “I think this is an opportunity. We should single out this person called Ye Qingyu to demonstrate our power. It will also allow the other factions of the military to realize that the young group of Cool Breeze Mountain is not an entity easily messed with.“

The Youyan army was united on the surface but in reality, it was split into different factions. It was divided largely according to the area they were from. Although these factions did not fight to the death between each other, but a struggle for pride and glory within the army was unavoidable.

The Cool Mountain faction, could be counted as a solid faction within Youyan Pass. Lin Lang, Zhao Ruyun and the scholarly young man called Yi Sance belonged to the young group of this faction.

“That’s right If we endure this time, our faces will be completely lost.”

Other people also bellowed their grievances.

However, some people hesitated. “This is not right. As people of the military defending the same pass, we could be counted as comrades. Zhao Ruyun also had some matters where he was wrong, we should not try to escalate the situation. Both parties should take a step in retreat…”

Before that person had finished.

Lin Lang immediately became enraged, slapping the table and standing up.

“Haha, as a soldier, face and reputation are the most important thing. Little children talk about right and wrong, soldiers talk about the strong and the weak. Retreat, retreat, retreat, just where can we retreat to? Facing a little trash, we have to retreat, do you have the slightest bravery in you? Without guts, how can you fight in the war and win?”

Zhao Ruyun also coldly sneered. “That’s right, Lin Lang’s words are not wrong. This time we must definitely do something and make those who look at us like were laughingstock revise their judgement. This will also make the new recruits who don’t know how high the heavens are or how deep the earth is realize just who does Youyan Pass belong to…”

In this moment, the group was completely excited.

The military officers all became animated, a scorching flame burning in their hearts.

And at this time, the doors of the stone hall were loudly kicked open with a crash.

The clamour came to a spontaneous stop.

“Just what is happening?” Zhao Ruyun looked towards the doors, standing up with shock. Coldly snorting. “Where are the guards on duty? Did I not say, without my order, no one can enter?”

Pak!Pak!Pak!

The clear sound of applause sounded.

It was especially loud and clear in the stone hall.

“Well said, beautifully said. You have really opened my eyes,” a voice sounded, with the figure nowhere to be seen.

The first people to appear were two armoured soldiers with red faces. Falling and crashing in, panting and covered with sweat, they did not know what to say.

Then, the piercing red sunset shone from the door.

A silhouette, under this crimson red light of the setting sun, entered. His entire body enveloped in radiance, he walked step by step inside. Standing at the door, he slowly clapped his hands.

The officers looked over, squinting their eyes.

Who was it?

The sunlight was piercing to the eyes. A faint shine came from the outline of this figure and the front of the figure was shrouded in the gloom of the light. The lighting was hazy and the features could not be clearly discerned. As if this person was covered in divine light and it was not possible for someone to look upon him directly.

“Good, well said, very well said. Listening to it just makes my blood boil. Haha, your words are entirely correct.”

The silhouette in the light spoke slowly with a strange tone.

“Superior, we… we couldn’t block him, he’s…” An armoured soldier quickly came beside Zhao Ruyun. “He is the patrolling sword envoy Ye Qingyu.”

As these words were said, the room fell completely silent.

As Cao Cao was mentioned, Cao Cao had arrived.***

To think that the person who had been completely mocked and insulted would use such a method to appear in front of them.

The expression of the officers, instantly became marvelous to behold.

*legendary Chinese creature. See for pictures and diagrams **to be placed in a sorry/embarrassed state ***famous saying about Cao Cao, main villain in Romance of the Three kingdoms. Makes reference to the fact that as soon as Cao Cao was mentioned, he would shortly appear.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 136:


Chapter 137 – Just Who Do You Think You Are?

“I’ve disturbed you guys demonstrating your bravery?” Ye Qingyu laughed. “Really, my apologies. You guys continue, I’m only here to find him…” He lifted his finger to point at Zhao Ruyun. “That’s right, you. There’s a little matter I have to discuss.”

“What do you want?” Zhao Ruyun walked over with a cold smile. “I was just about to look for you, but you came to my doorstep of your own volition?”

“Eh? You were looking for me?” Ye Qingyu widened his eyes in seriousness, curiously asking, “For what matter did you come looking for me for? Ah, I know, you must have realized that you were in the wrong, and wanted to apologize to me, isn’t that right?”

“Apology? Wrong.”

Zhao Ruyun was taken aback, then immediately burst into laughter.

Not only him, the entire group of military officers in the hall had the same reaction. After staring at each other, they began laughing uproariously with mockery evident on their faces.

“Little thing, has your brain been burnt and you’ve became retarded?” Zhao Ruyun did not disguise his disdain in the slightest. “Why should I apologize to you? Just who do you think you are?”

Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

He remembered the event an hour before. When Bai Yuanxing had finally awakened and his description of the conflict that happened on that day.

…… ……

An hour before.

Inside White Horse Tower.

“What? It was because you were breathing too loud?”

Within White Horse Tower, as he heard the answer of the White Horse sword slave, Ye Qingyu was completely dumbfounded by this retarded reason.

According to the description of Bai Yuanxing, on that day he was excited and jogged towards the military supply department to request the reinstatement of the stipend for White Horse Tower. Because his body was weak, and he had run too quickly, when he arrived at the supply department he was somewhat out of breath. He waited outside the door until his breathing had recovered, then brought Ye Qingyu’s deputy seal to request the reinstatement. The military officer he encountered was namely Zhao Ruyun.

Zhao Ruyun had only glanced at Bai Yuanxing once. Then, he ordered people to fiercely beat Bai Yuanxing without allowing him to explain himself.

The reason was very simple.

The breathing of Bai Yuanxing was so loud that it made the allocation officer believe that this was an action of great disrespect towards him. It was a type of action that held the military supply department in contempt and was unforgivable. Not listening to Bai Yuanxing’s begging or explanation, he ordered people to hang this pitiful sword slave on the [Punishment Pillars] at the entrance of the supply department to be frozen alive.

“This is only an excuse…” Bai Yuanxing lay on the bed, incomparably weak. “Because the White Horse Tower has long been weak. I have previously been to the supply department several times asking for the stipend to be reinstated, but I have always been fiercely beaten… This time, he intentionally made things difficult for me. Even if not for this, there would be other reasons.”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

To be able to realize this point, this proved that Bai Yuanxing’s personality was timid but his thinking was agile.

“I know. Rest well.”

Finishing saying this, he headed outside.

“Superior, you… I’m fine, don’t go…” Bai Yuanxing saw this and panicked. He was able to guess what Ye Qingyu was going to do, rushing to sit up. Panting roughly, he said, “I’m really fine… I’m only a tiny sword slave, superior you…”

“Shut your mouth.”

Ye Qingyu fiercely turned around, and a never before seen severity shone in his eyes.

Bai Yuanxing hesitated.

This was his first time seeing such an emotion in the eyes of this patrolling sword envoy.

“Bai Yuanxing, remember well. You did nothing wrong, what are you afraid of? You are a person belonging to White Horse Tower, you are a person belonging to me, Ye Qingyu. From now on, lift up your head and stick your chest out. Don’t be faint hearted and gutless, I, Ye Qingyu, cannot command such a person.” Ye Qingyu’s tone was severe and strict. “Always giving in will just make people look down on you, and make them want to torment you even more. If you don’t want to suffer, then fiercely strike back at them.”

Bai Yuanxing was taken aback.

These years he had borne countless humiliations to save his skin. For the fulfillment of the wish of his ancestor, he was willing to accept any kind of humiliation.

He had never thought to change the way he lived, to put up any sort of struggle.

Because he felt he was far too lowly. In this icy cold world, if he made any sort of resistance, what met him was just a fierce beating and the possibility of losing his life.

If he died, then who would fulfil the wishes of his ancestor?

But at this moment, seeing the strict gaze of Ye Qingyu that he had never witnessed before, Bai Yuanxing was suddenly moved.

His first reaction was to avoid Ye Qingyu’s eyes, wanting to lower his head. But he miraculously managed to bear it. Under this serious gaze like that of an interrogator, Bai Yuanxing felt something fiercely beating on his heart, nearly making him unable to breathe.

Perhaps the protection that his ancestor wished for was a protection done by lifting his head, a protection that was dignified and noble.

And it was not a protection done with a cowering and lowered head?

Bai Yuanxing suddenly realized something.

At that time, Ye Qingyu had already left.

“Your set of [Flowing Light of the Stars], the thirty-six flying blades, were also confiscated by the military supply department?”

The voice, came from outside.

Bai Yuanxing was blank, immediately realizing where he was going.

…… ……

Military supply department, stone hall.

Ye Qingyu laughed. “I’m not any great character, I’m only here to discuss something… Mm, I have two requests. The first, is that you apologize. The second, give me back the set of flying blades, [Flowing Light of the Stars].” He looked at the group with a smile. “How about it, isn’t this very reasonable?”

The officers looked at Ye Qingyu.

They felt that it was possible that the brain of this patrolling sword envoy laughing currently was not too clever.

Could it really be that he had still not understood just what kind of situation he was in?

He believed that him alone could suppress everyone at the scene?

Did he take the wrong medicine?

Zhao Ruyun began laughing loudly. “Little thing, I think you have really eaten the gall bladder of a leopard. To dare intrude on my place to cause trouble. Haha, I’ll ask you one more time: who do you think you are, to make me apologize?”

Ye Qingyu seemed as if he did not mind these words at all. “If it is like this, then you refuse to apologize and you also refuse to return the [Flowing Light of the Stars] that belongs to White Horse Tower?”

The officers laughed together.

Lin Lang had laughed so much that his stomach was hurting. Holding his stomach in an exaggerated fashion, rubbing his eyes and slapping the table. “Hahaha, this is really too laughable. In this world, there is really such a stupid pig that I don’t even know what he should be called, hahahaha… apologize, everyone quickly apologize, hahaha, he is about to get angry…”

The scholarly young man Yi Sance, also began shaking his head and chuckling.

“What mother fucking thing do you think you are, that you want us to apologize?” Zhao Ruyun said word by word. “As for that set of flying blades, just why is it something that belongs to White Horse Tower? It is evidently something bought at a high price by us. Your lowly sword slave stole it somehow, and was captured by me on the spot with evidence on his body. I advise you to obediently return the lowly slave for him to accept his punishment…”

Before he had finished.

Ye Qingyu’s palm moved.

A two inch seal, like that of a cold arrow appeared in his hands.

He casually tossed it.

Ding!

The seal landed on the floor of the stone hall.

On the seal, the light of the image of two swords intersecting brightened. Then, light projected from the seal. Clear and cold light enveloped the entire stone hall. The officers were taken aback and felt an alarming and bizarre sensation, like that of being surrounded by swords and blades

“Right now, I officially suspect the allocation officer of the military supply department, Zhao Ruyun, of embezzling funds and provisions, bribery, abuse of soldiers, plunder of another’s belonging…” The smile on Ye Qingyu’s face disappeared, his expression instantly becoming chilling cold. “Right now, as the patrolling sword envoy, I order you to surrender, and accept investigation.”

As he said this, Ye Qingyu’s hand casually swiped through the air.

The deputy seal of the military position also fell to the ground, transforming into black shackles.

Zhao Ruyun was blank, the smile on his face disappearing.

Ye Qingyu had activated the seal of the military. This meant that the matter had escalated to the official military level.

The position of the patrolling sword envoy was special and they did have the right to investigate the matters of the supply department.

And as for the crimes that he had just stated…

“This is you trying to frame me, I…” Zhao Ruyun jumped up in rage.

“Oh, you’re not listening to military orders is it?” Ye Qingyu smiled for a bit, stepping out. Others only felt their vision blur. He appeared in an instant before Zhao Ruyun, his hands grabbing through the air. The shackles formed from the deputy seal automatically soared into his hands, and directly headed towards the arm of Zhao Ruyun.

“You dare?”

Zhao Ruyun was furious, his arm moving to avoid this attack. His hand was touching the long sword at his waist.

“You want to resist a military order?” Ye Qingyu had a laugh that was not a laugh, the light in his eyes chillingly icy.

“I… hmph, you have no evidence, and want to ruin my good name. Of course I need to resist. Such a matter, even if it is escalated to the Pass Lord’s residence, I am still in the right.” He grinded his teeth, pulling out the long sword at his waist and immediately, cold light surged out, yuan qi surging.

Thirteen yuan qi dragons, indistinct, began coalescing around Zhao Ruyun’s body.

He had a cold smile of disdain as he looked at Ye Qingyu.

According to the information contained in Yi Sance’s research, he knew that Ye Qingyu was just a martial expert of three Spirit springs.

And as for Zhao Ruyun exhibiting his thirteen yuan qi dragons, his reason behind this was very clear. He wanted to tell Ye Qingyu clearly that he was thirteen Spirit springs, and his strength was many times greater than him. So therefore, don’t pretend to be authoritative in front of me, and honestly scram off. Even if he used his official seal, he was just seeking his own humiliation.

Ye Qingyu had a calm expression, striking out once again.

The deputy seal once again headed towards Zhao Ruyun’s arm.

“You are looking to die…”

As he saw that Ye Qingyu really did not intent retreat, Zhao Ruyun could not bear it any longer. The long sword in his hands quivered, vibrating and transforming into sword lights, the tip of the blade like the brilliance of the stars. It headed towards the wrist of Ye Qingyu that held the seal.

After one of your hands is crippled, let’s see if you are still so fierce.

Within Zhao Ruyun’s eyes, killing intent flourished.

The educated young man Yi Sance, seeing this scene, hesitated for a moment, but did not act to stop him.

As for the other military officers, they only coldly sneered, waiting to see Ye Qingyu being made fun of.

And as the tip of the blade was about to descend on the veins of Ye Qingyu’s wrist, as everyone felt that the next moment blood would spurt everywhere, Ye Qingyu’s wrist lightly and faintly moved. Extending his middle finger, with a light ping, he lightly flicked the tip of the oncoming sword.

Ding!

The light hum of the sword sounded.

As everyone could not yet clearly see what had occurred, Zhao Ruyun let out an exclamation, instantly retreating.

The figures instantly separated.

“You…” Zhao Ruyun face was full of shock.

The sword in his hands was rapidly vibrating, as if it was a fiercely struggling python. The sword constantly emitted the hums of it shaking. In the air, there was a strange sound wave that spread out. No matter how Zhao Ruyun tried to suppress the sword, the blade of the sword would not settle down.

Ye Qingyu’s expression was smiling yet not smiling as he looked towards Zhao Ruyun.

Zhao Ruyun bit hit teeth, both hands gripping his sword. The thirteen yuan qi dragons became even clearer, inserting yuan qi into his arm, wanting to use his full strength to suppress the vibration of the sword blade.

But—–

“Pok!”

He suddenly opened his mouth and spat out a jet of blood, the skin of his flesh breaking apart at his hands, fresh blood dripping from it. The sword could be held no longer. Flying out from his hands, it nailed itself onto the stone beam above. And as for the rapid shaking, it still vibrated without stopping.

“Right now, do you know just what mother fucking thing I am?”

Ye Qingyu looked at Zhao Ruyun.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

