Chapter 1093:


Chapter 1108 - Inheritance



What?

Ye Qingyu did not pay much attention to the nameless Quasi-emperor’s later words. Instead, he focused his attention squarely on and was utterly astonished by the three mentioned names.

“[Drifting Cloud Emperor], [Sea Sand Emperor]… They also...” He looked at the Quasi-emperor with a terribly shocked expression. The [Longevity Emperor] alone had deeply astonished him, yet it turned out that two other Martial Emperors had nourished the tree too.

Moreover, of these two Martial Emperors, one was part of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, while the other was a legendary, supreme Emperor of the Demon Race. Both were certainly beings who had amazed many generations.

“Look below the tree.” The Quasi-emperor directed.

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu understood what to do and operated the [Eyes of the Void] to look into the ground below the Quasi-emperor. Those purple eyes saw through the ground surface and spotted an energy layer, beneath which was a most astonishing sight.

Submerged in the soil beneath the ground was a giant human who was sitting cross-legged. His body was even bigger than that of the nameless Quasi-emperor, such that he brought to mind the legendary primeval giants. His skin had already turned into stone, and it was only his figure which could be vaguely made out. However, Ye Qingyu was absolutely certain that this was not a stone or elemental formation but the body of a supreme being.

A Martial Emperor.

A real Martial Emperor.

What was more shocking was that there were three similar giant bodies beside the stone-hardened body of this Martial Emperor. They, too, appeared to have turned into stone and were incomparable in size, such that they reached several thousand kilometers below the ground. Although they seemed to be three Fiendgod statues which had been buried beneath the ground, Ye Qingyu was able to sense a heart-palpitating and most terrifying aura emanating from each of their bodies.

They’re each the body of a Martial Emperor.

This should be the three pinnacle beings, namely the [Longevity Emperor], the [Drifting Cloud Emperor], and the [Sea Sand Emperor], mentioned by the nameless Quasi-emperor, I guess. The roots of the World Tree are visibly growing in their petrified bodies, while white-colored roots and branches have perforated their bodies and thus grow both in and out...

This scene was shocking like no other.

Upon seeing it, Ye Qingyu completely believed the Quasi-emperor’s words.

This was because the evidence was right in his face, and the bodies of Martial Emperors were impossible to fake, after all.

He had never imagined that the members of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors who were said to have perished or disappeared, as well as the peerlessly distinguished emperor of the Demon Race, would actually be here and had ended up like that. This was simply too terrifying.

“Why? Why did they do what they did?” he could not refrain from asking loudly.

An invincible Quasi-emperor and three Martial Emperors who each had ruled an age had chosen to sacrifice themselves. Is the legendary power of darkness really so frightening that an alliance of three Martial Emperors cannot withstand it?

“Because, they fully understood the truth about this world and knew how frightening the power of darkness is. Moreover, they’d lost too much in campaigns against the power of darkness and were unable to defeat it. As they understood the secret of the reincarnation of civilizations, they chose to sacrifice themselves in order to save the runic martial world of this epoch. They thus used their own flesh, blood, and foundation to nourish this World Tree.” The Quasi-emperor gave a long sigh and spoke in a tone of helplessness yet anticipation.

Ye Qingyu remained silent for a long time.

This was, without a doubt, an absolutely terrible piece of news to him.

He had thought that his present battle strength was sufficient for him to walk within the Dark Realm and solve many problems. However, it now appeared that he had been looking at the sky from the bottom of a well. He was certainly some way off from solving problems which even the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors were unable to solve.

“How about them?” He pointed at the phantoms of the eight supreme Heaven’s pridelings standing at the periphery of the canopy. “Why did they come here? And how did they end up like that?”

“These eight Heaven’s pridelings were vehement warriors who had resided in the [Guanlan Mountain Manor] before and thus understood a few secrets. They voluntarily killed themselves and entered a state of neither life nor death in order to protect this Netherworld plane. They also sacrificed their egos.” The Quasi-emperor sighed. “They were all heroes of great will and aspirations.”

Ye Qingyu somewhat understood this.

The Emperor of the Dragon Human Race once said that the Dragon Human Old Emperor and several preceding Dragon Human Emperors had killed themselves in order to slay the Ancient Dragon Human Emperor, and they thus entered a state of neither life nor death. Because their strength increased greatly as a result, they ultimately succeeded in one stroke to destroy the weapon used by the Ancient Dragon Human Emperor in the Dragon Human Race’s mausoleum. The eight supreme Heaven’s pridelings appeared to have used a similar secret technique.

They also chose to sacrifice themselves.

Their spirits remained in this Netherworld plane, serving as rangers who controlled the area. Only their bodies were left behind for their relatives in the physical world, but because they were spiritless, they appeared as though they had gone mad.

“When imparting the secret technique to them, I couldn’t refrain from preserving a wisp of spirit in their bodies so that they might have a chance of resurrection when the Netherworld plane has been developed to its fullest in the future.” The Quasi-emperor lamented compassionately.

Ye Qingyu appeared to be absorbed in thought.

“Anyone who comes to this plane was fated to do so, and certainly possesses the necessary strength, luck, and style. You included,” the Quasi-emperor commented.

Understanding something, Ye Qingyu looked at the Quasi-emperor and asked, “You don’t look in good shape. How much longer can you endure for?”

“Not too long,” the latter answered frankly. “I’ll soon enter a state of dead sleep just like the three Martial Emperors, and won’t be able to provide any more nourishment for this World Tree.”

“And so… it’ll be my turn, right?” Ye Qingyu asked.

He believed that there was a reason why he came here and felt that he must have been secretly chosen. Like the Quasi-emperor had said, those who came here had to possess a certain competence, which was perhaps the competence of becoming nourishment for the World Tree.

It’s possible that the Quasi-emperor had long taken notice of me in the [Guanlan Mountain Manor] and has been secretly observing me, and after confirming that I’m able to become the successor for this noble task, he opened up that densely-fogged channel and brought me here.

The Quasi-emperor laughed upon hearing Ye Qingyu's words. “If I allow you to succeed me, you’ll have to use your body to nourish the World Tree, letting it implant its roots in your body and providing it with your own essence, blood, yuan qi, and origin power. Are you willing?”

“I’m willing.” Ye Qingyu answered without hesitation.

This was no longer an issue of his level of personal awareness or the morality of self-sacrifice. Of course, Ye Qingyu did not wish to die like that – just like nobody else would. However, in everyone’s heart were certainly the people they wanted to protect and could not leave behind. It was for these people that he had to undertake this task.

“But not now.” He added. “I have a couple more things to resolve in the Vast Thousand Domains. You’ll have to wait for me to sever these worldly attachments if you want me to use my body to nourish the tree.”

“I believe you.” The Quasi-emperor laughed and nodded before adding, “However, you’re wrong. I brought you here not to replace me in nourishing the tree, but for some other matter instead.”

“Some other matter?” Ye Qingyu was puzzled. “Please tell me what the matter is.”

The Quasi-emperor explained, “The World Tree has already reached its final nirvana. After absorbing the origin power of three Martial Emperors and myself, it has evolved countless times and mastered the most perfect method of evolution, such that it has grown to the point where it can change the war situation. Therefore, it no longer needs to be nourished, and will subsequently undergo a regrowth. This will be a highly primeval state of growth which is in accordance with the rhythm and method of the final evolution. It’ll take root and germinate just like an ordinary tree, and after it has regrown, any one of its leaves would naturally be able to inhibit the power of darkness. As for how to use the World Tree to defeat the darkness, you’ll find out in time… I hope that you can take over control of the Netherworld plane from now onward and protect the World Tree until it has regrown.”

Take over control of the Netherworld plane?

Protect the World Tree?

Ye Qingyu was a little dazed for some time.

The Quasi-emperor’s expression became solemn as he looked at Ye Qingyu and continued, “The World Tree and the Netherworld plane complement each other. They’re the final hope for the runic martial epoch to defeat the darkness. The plan conceived by the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, as well as the most highly respected members of the myriad races, shall soon rest upon you. Make no mistake, you’re the chosen one.”

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu immediately recalled what happened in the suspicious palace of the Formation Emperor Luoso. At that time, he was also called the chosen one. He thus wondered why the Quasi-emperor had also called him the same name on this day.

“I saw that you’re fateless, and besides, you’ve been cultivating the mental technique conceived by the most outstanding being of all time. Don’t worry, there’s no way I could’ve misjudged on this matter.” The Quasi-emperor smiled as he looked at Ye Qingyu's doubt-filled face. “You’ll naturally understand in time.”

As soon as he spoke.

Something strange happened.

The giant World Tree suddenly swayed gently and gave off a strange burst of energy. Subsequently, as if incinerated by an invisible flame, it disappeared piecemeal among the void. In less than a few dozen breaths’ worth of time, this enormous tree had dissipated, as though it had been an illusion all along.

Sprinklings of brilliance gathered onto the body of the Quasi-emperor.

The tree roots which had ingrained in his body also disappeared, leaving behind a heavily perforated and broken body which was already fossilized and fused with the ground for the most part.

All of the brilliance gathered into a fist-sized spot of light.

The Quasi-emperor opened his mouth and puffed.

As the brilliance scattered, the spot of light became a plain and simple seed which contained immense vitality and resembled a wheat seed. A strange power circulated in two double-petaled embryos which seemed to contain a world within.

“Go!”

The Quasi-emperor ordered.

Swish!

The strange seed instantly turned into flowing light and entered Ye Qingyu's body before he could react.

The latter had been caught off guard this time.

“Ancestor...” he uttered in great shock.





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1094:


Chapter 1109 Becoming an Emperor


"Don't worry, this seed will grow within your dantian world, but you will not have to feed the tree with your own body, nor will it absorb your nutrients. Instead, this seed will bring you benefits beyond your wildest imagination," the namelessQuasi-emperor explained because he understood Ye Qingyu's concern.

Ye Qingyu breathed a sigh of relief.

"The World Tree has turned into a seed and the Underworld plane will soon drift into the void of Chaos. After the seed sprouts and becomes a towering tree again, you will receive the coordinates to this space. Thereafter, you will be able to come and go as you please, so please protect this seed," the nameless Quasi-emperor could not help reminding him again.

Ye Qingyu nodded and said, "Senior, I will."

The nameless Quasi-emperor let out a long sigh, as though he had been relieved of a heavy burden. There were still many things that he left unsaid, so Ye Qingyu had no idea exactly how important he was… After thousands of years of planning, the final outcome rested on him.

"I will soon enter a period of dead sleep. You don't have to rush off because there will still be large amounts of energy left even after the World Tree has withered, so you may take your time to absorb this energy. These Quasi-emperors' bodies underground in a dead-sleep state also contain supreme Emperor's Dao, so you may stay here to comprehend their Dao and leave only after they have taken root in your dantian world. One month in this place is the equivalent of one day in the outside world," the Quasi-emperor advised him.

Ye Qingyu bowed and said, "Many thanks, Senior."

He paused for a moment before he asked, "Is there anything that you'd like me to do?"

The nameless Quasi-emperor smiled and replied, "I have already cut off my ties with the world before entering this place and I haven't got any descendants but…" he paused and his expression turned sorrowful before he said, "Since you brought it up, I'd like to make two requests. If you happen to meet a woman with an [All Energy-Absorption Body], please take good care of her. I used to know her mother but there was some misunderstanding…"

"Sure," Ye Qingyu nodded, "Please rest assured. What about your second request?"

He was not sure what an [All Energy-Absorption Body] was, but it would not be too difficult to find out more about it once he left this place. This sounded like a rare type of body, and from the way this Quasi-emperor spoke, could this woman be his daughter? Or his illegitimate daughter? In any case, he would not ask such a nosy question.

The nameless Quasi-emperor also knew that Ye Qingyu would come to this conclusion, but he did not attempt to make any further explanations. "As for the second request, when you meet the [Divine Light Emperor], please tell him that I have not disappointed him, and if there is an afterlife, I would still be willing to be his servant."

As his voice died away—

Layers of divine splendor burst out from the nameless Quasi-emperor's body that had almost completely fossilized him. Then, the vibrant colors on his face disappeared and his radiance left him as he turned into a stone statue that was as large as a mountain range. His vitality vanished and all that was left were the faint traces of energy waves in the area.

"Senior?" Ye Qingyu shouted.

The nameless Quasi-emperor did not respond.

He had already entered the so-called dead-sleep state.

Ye Qingyu did not know what kind of state that was and he was unsure if the nameless Quasi-emperor or the three Martial Emperors before him would ever reawaken, but he understood that he would no longer get a response.

He was a little surprised by the nameless Quasi-emperor's final words.

The [Divine Light Emperor]?

He did not recall this name being part of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, but the nameless Quasi-emperor seemed to treat him with extreme reverence, which meant that this [Divine Light Emperor] was definitely very powerful and was probably at least a Martial Emperor. He was even more surprised to find out that the nameless Quasi-emperor was merely a servant under the [Divine Light Emperor].

If he was so powerful that he could become a Quasi-emperor, then exactly how powerful was his master?

The question that required further contemplation was whether the "light" in the [Divine Light Emperor's] name was the same "light" that he had obtained from the Light Palace.

Darkness and light mutually reinforced and neutralized each other.

If an Emperor chose the words "light" to be part of his honorific title, did that mean that he could be more powerful than the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors?

He stood in front of the nameless Quasi-emperor's fossilized figure and quietly mulled over this issue, but gave up after some time.

Then, he sat cross-legged and exerted his nameless breathing technique.

The World Tree had withered and turned into a seed, so all its core strength was concentrated inside that seed, but there were still remnants of this energy in the outside world. This energy was pure and clear and did not belong to any elemental property. It was the most primitive form of energy and would be extremely beneficial to him.

Ye Qingyu quickly discovered that as he exerted his nameless breathing technique, all its remnant energy proactively swarmed toward him like a homing pigeon returning to its nest, then rushed to assimilate into his body.

He could not help wondering, "Is this happening because of the nameless breathing technique, or could it be because the seed of the World Tree is now within my body?"

This energy flooded into his body like a fresh mountain spring and nourished his physical self. It cleansed and scoured his body multiple times and also integrated itself with his yuan qi and continuously increased the purity and strength of his yuan qi.



The power of the World Tree was indeed extremely magical.

He could clearly feel his yuan qi cultivation skyrocketing wildly as he became stronger and large waves formed in his yuan qi ocean.

His [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] in the middle of the ocean was now exactly the same size as he was and it looked extremely realistic. His doppelganger also sat cross-legged and looked like it was also cultivating and awakening its true self.

Time ticked by.

He did not care about time as he completely immersed himself in his self-isolation.

A year later—

The sounds of roaring waves that were as loud as dragon growls could be heard from within his body, and the hundred Spirit Springs had transformed into the eye of the ocean. His yuan qi mist circulated and transformed into a mystical vision as it swirled around Ye Qingyu, as though a hundred planets had lined up in a row and slowly revolved around him. It was like an evolution of the Heavenly Dao and an evolution of the mysteries of the universe.

Then, another year passed.

His body became crystalline and translucent like a flawless precious jade, solemn and dignified and devoid of dirt. This was a sign that his body was turning into a god and his physical strength had now almost reached the maximum limits that any living creature could achieve. It was almost comparable to the strength of a primeval fiendgod.

Waves of energy could be seen flowing along his yuan qi veins and meridians from his dantian world before circulating to the various other parts of his body. These waves were like crashing waves that constantly cleansed his body and moved to a mystical rhythm.

Two years passed in this manner.

He suddenly opened his eyes one day and let out a long howl.

This howl startled the entire Underworld.

The wandering white skeletons, the drifting spirits without a body, and the eight great Heaven's prideling souls that roamed the Underworld all heard this howl and trembled uncontrollably.

Ye Qingyu's figure transformed into a ray of flowing light that circulated around the Underworld.

As the flowing light ripped through the air, it let out a soft whistle.

He finished roaming the entire Underworld in less than thirty minutes and took in everything within. His figure moved like a divine dragon in the sky as it moved gracefully through the air and his aura was extremely mysterious, as though it had already transcended the heavens.

"Quasi-emperor realm… Is this the Quasi-emperor realm?" he said as he landed in the exact location where the World Tree had withered. He carefully sensed the mysterious change that his body had undergone and basked in the magical feeling of this energy circulating in his mind. It was as though the vastness of the universe could now be felt within his mind and everything in this universe was within his control.

He had advanced to the Quasi-emperor realm.

After absorbing the remnant energy left behind by the World Tree after it had withered and meditating day and night on the three Martial Emperors' and nameless Quasi-emperor's fossilized bodies in their dead-sleep state, he finally achieved a breakthrough after two years to become a full-fledged Quasi-emperor.

He was still not a true Martial Emperor, but his cultivation realm now contained the word "emperor", which signified an unbelievable power and cultivation stage that was many times stronger than it had been when only his strength was similar to a Quasi-emperor's.

From this day onward, he could also stand at the top and overlook all living creatures.

"I wonder if my combat strength is now comparable to the more-experienced Quasi-emperors," he mused as he carefully felt the energy changes happening within his body.

Before, when his strength was extremely close to a Quasi-emperor's, he had used a secret weapon to kill Quasi-emperors. So now that he was finally a Quasi-emperor himself, what kind of power did he possess? He knew that it was impossible to rely on his secret weapons, whether it was the [Cloud Top Cauldron] or the Geng Metal Pill, to challenge a true Martial Emperor.

He was well-aware of this fact.

"I've already spent four years here, so if one day in the outside world is equivalent to one month in this place, more than six weeks would have passed in the outside world. Spokesperson Li must have already finished settling matters at the Four Stars Sect."

It was time to leave.

He looked inward and discovered that an island had appeared in his dantian world without him noticing.

There had not been any changes to the seed of the World Tree, as though it did not exist.

As long as this seed remained in his body, it functioned like a key, just as the nameless Quasi-emperor had said earlier. And he could vaguely grasp some of the mysteries of this Underworld space. Now that he was a Quasi-emperor, his comprehension of the power of laws had improved greatly, and thus, this space could not hold him captive.

He sensed his surroundings, then lifted his hands and tore at the space.

A crack appeared in the space of the Underworld and a sliver of light flickered on the other end. Sunlight splashed down. It was the main hall of [Guanlan Mountain Manor]. He then strode through the crack.

The crack disappeared.



He returned to the real world.

It was noon and the sun shone brightly, so the main hall was well-lit. From the hall, he could see that the flowers and herbs that he had planted more than a month ago were thriving and had grown a little too wildly.

"I'm finally back. It's time to make preparations for heading to the Dark Realm," he said with a smile.

However, his expression soon changed.

"Wait, there have been some changes at the Alliance of Domains…." He released his divine sense, which then shrouded almost the entire Heaven Connect City so he could see everything that was happening, and he immediately noticed some surprising details. The Human Race headquarters at the Alliance of Domains had been invaded by somebody else.

"The power of a Quasi-emperor… Who could it be?"

He was enraged when he discovered something that made him livid.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1095:


Chapter 1110 – He Has Arrived


Ye Chongsheng's family had come to seek revenge.

Ye Qingyu was now so powerful that he would know what was going on after he sent out his consciousness power. Ye Chongsheng's family had been cowed into submission by the elderly Quasi-emperor after the battle at the Four Stars Sect and promised that they would not create trouble, so he had let down his guard. After all, they were a lost tribe of the Human Race and he had already secretly looked into Ye Chongsheng's family and decided to leave them alone when he saw that they were not corrupted by the dark forces.

However….

"It looks like this family has already gone over to the dark side."

Then, he left the [Guanlan Mountain Manor].

At the Human Race headquarters at the Alliance of Domains.

A man with an aquiline nose who looked very young sat flagrantly on the seat of the spokesperson and a malicious smile spread across his face as he looked at the six huge steel stakes placed in the main hall.

The continuous split-splat sound of liquid dripping could be heard throughout the quiet hall.

This was the sound of blood as it dripped into a vat.

Six figures were tied to those six steel stakes and jagged steel hooks lined with formations pieced through their shoulder blades and poked through their chests. There was a mysterious formation on these steel hooks and there were also lines of blood grooves on these hooks that tormented the bodies of those being tortured and released the blood within their bodies one droplet at a time.

Split-splat!

Split-splat, split-splat.

Blood fell one droplet at a time into a vat that was designed to collect blood and the blood inside the vat was already more than one meter deep. It gleamed brightly and emitted a fragrant aura - this was a unique characteristic of the blood of martial experts.

Those who were tied to the stakes all held high positions within the Human Race headquarters. They were the four leaders of the White-robed Divine Guards - Tang Chong, Lin Yutang, Fang Bule and Jin Zhiyi, as well as the person who was supposed to be in charge of the headquarters, Spokesperson Li.

The Great Dragon Turtle Demon was also tied to a stake along with them.

"Tsk tsk, you've already been hanging there for ten days and nights and even I shudder at the thought of how painful this must be for all of you. Imagine how surprised I was when none of you uttered a sound. You must all have wills of steel," the hook-nosed young man looked at the steel stakes with admiration and laughed coldly. "Ha ha, you must all be iron-willed. What a pity that you chose to listen to Ye Qingyu who has brought disaster upon you all. It has been so many days but he has still not dared to show up to rescue you. I guess you'll just have to watch yourselves bleed to death one droplet at a time."

Not one of the six people tied to the stakes replied.

They were all martial experts and their flesh and blood could grow again, so they wouldn't even bat an eyelid even if they experienced the pain of their bodies being crushed, but this [Blood Flow Stake] was rumored to be specially tailored to punish fiendgods in the ancient era and it had the ability of magnifying one's pain by a hundred or even a thousand-fold. There was no way for those being tortured at this stake to resist the pain and they could only watch and listen helplessly as their blood bled out. This was designed to make the victim feel extreme pain both physically and mentally and even fiendgods would cry out in pain when they were tortured in this manner.

All six of them were extremely frail by this point in time.

They were all martial experts with strong blood and qi and the blood that flowed within them was as abundant as a river, so they obviously would not die from blood loss after bleeding for ten days and nights. However, other than the excruciating pain they were in, each drop of blood they lost was also a loss of their cultivation energy. The big vat at the bottom of the stakes was a storage item and could contain rivers and oceans within it. The pool of blood seemed to be only a meter deep but in fact, it was already as large as a lake.

All six experts were extremely weak after ten days and nights of torture, but no one begged for mercy.

There were more than a hundred experts in [Yellow Sand Hundred Battle Golden Armor] who surrounded the stakes and it was clear from their aura that they were all extremely powerful. They looked exactly the same as the soldiers who protected Ye Chongsheng.

"Fang Bule, I heard that you had once clashed with Ye Qingyu and that he doesn't like you," the hook-nosed young man laughed derisively as he looked at Fang Bule who was tied to the fourth stake. "Ye Qingyu is famous for being ruthless, so now that you've offended him, you would face death sooner or later. I can't believe that you still refuse to surrender. Are you foolish or just blindly loyal?"

Fang Bule did not respond.

His head was bowed as he did his best to bear with the excruciating pain. Despite his best efforts, he couldn't stop his body from trembling slightly as the corrosive force from the formation hooks ate at his body. He struggled to adjust his breathing so that he could not lose his composure nor scream in pain.

"Why, do you really think that Ye Qingyu would forget your past disagreements and let you hold great responsibilities?" the hook-nosed young man continued scornfully, "Moron, you don't even know that you've been manipulated, so you deserve death."

"Ha ha ha ha…" Fang Bule laughed softly and his laughter was full of contempt as he said, "I don't know whether Ye Qingyu would let me off the hook, neither do I know if he would entrust me with great responsibility. I don't even know whether he would rescue me, but what I do know is that no self-respecting human would surrender to someone like you. I, Fang Bule might not be a famous person with outstanding power, but at least I still have a spine that is thankfully very tough…"

"Humph, moron," the hook-nosed young man crossed his arms around his chest and laughed coldly, "If this isn't blind loyalty, then what do you call this? Even if Ye Qingyu finds out that you've died here, he wouldn't do anything about it. Don't forget that your hands are stained with the blood of the White-robed Divine Guards, so your spiritual tablet will not be placed in the hall of heroes after your death."

"Ha ha ha ha ha…." Fang Bule laughed loudly. "Moron? You're the real moron here. You might be a Quasi-emperor, but you don't even know the simplest principle in this world… Ha ha ha, you don't know anything."

The hook-nosed young man's face darkened and he said with an icy smile, "Oh, why don't you tell me what is it that I don't know?"

"The point that you are completely missing is that I've chosen not to surrender not because of Ye Qingyu, but because I am a true leader of the White-robed Divine Guards and my appointment has been approved by the Alliance of Domains in a fair and just manner. I have always acted in accordance with the rules of the Human Race headquarters and even when I attacked the divine guards under Lin Yutang's command, I was only obeying my orders… I've never acted selfishly but you, you're just a martial artist who might be extremely powerful, but you lack the righteous spirit, so how dare you try to get me, a lawfully appointed leader of the White-robed Divine Guards, to surrender to you? Ha ha, you're not worthy!"

This was a powerful and lofty speech.

Lin Yutang's and Tang Chong's expressions both changed.

They had always held a grudge against Fang Bule and this was especially so for Lin Yutang because Fang Bule had once gone after his trusted men and thus, he had always given him the cold shoulder. However, after Fang Bule's powerful speech, Lin Yutang suddenly realized that perhaps he had not truly understood his comrade after all.

"Well, very well, you should carry your bones and this lofty position that you're so proud of down to hell with you," the hook-nosed young man was furious to be rebuffed and he raised his hand to point at Fang Bule's stake. Then, a strange lightning bolt shot out from his finger and into the formation steel hook, activating some kind of formation that caused the steel hook to flash with electric currents.

Fang Bule's body immediately twitched violently and sweat dripped profusely from his body. He was clearly in immense pain, but he did not utter a single sound.

The hook-nosed young man's gaze swept past all six of them and the killing intent was clear in his eyes. There was also some impatience in his gaze.

"Ye Qingyu, it has already been ten days and nights. If you refuse to show yourself, then don't blame me if I start going on a killing rampage," he said menacingly.

He had only tortured these people over the past few days in hopes that he could force Ye Qingyu to show himself. Then, he would be able to avenge the death of his son, Ye Chongsheng. However, this tactic didn't seem to be working and if he was not able to force Ye Qingyu to show up, then these six people were of no value to him and were better off dead.

As he contemplated his options, there was a series of footsteps.

A white-haired elderly expert scurried into the hall and bowed, "Master, we've already made all the arrangements and have also gotten the support of seven large conglomerates who are willing to support our operation. We've also finished assembling the Golden Armored Army, so they would be able to attack Heaven Wasteland Domain at any time. It wouldn't be an issue to attack Snow Capital in a matter of two hours and capturing their empress won't be a problem at all."

The hook-nosed young man nodded with satisfaction and said, "Good, well done. He he, Ye Qingyu launched a punitive expedition against the Four Stars Sect and his strength stunned the world, so this time, I'll exterminate the Heaven Wasteland Empire and force the empress who he has always worked to protect to be my servant. After I've done that, no one in this world would dare to cross me. Ha ha ha!"

The elderly servant hesitated for a moment and said, "Master, the Dragon Human Race is their ally so they'd probably come to their aid if we launch an attack on them. We must be on our guard since Xu Wuya's Dragon Teeth Army is also incredibly powerful."

"The Dragon Human Race? Ha ha, I'll personally deliver a warning myself. If they refuse to heed my warning, I guess we'll just have to exterminate them too," the hook-nosed young man said with a cold laugh, his voice brimming with confidence.

He paused for a moment before he asked, "Are there any further developments over at that old man's end?"

"The elderly Quasi-emperor has been trapped in the [Great Array of Heavenly Punishment] that you laid out and has barely managed to protect his grandson and he won't be able to last much longer. Sir, your deductions were very accurate and that old man's strength has indeed deteriorated greatly…" the elderly servant said with a sinister laugh.

"Ha ha ha, who else would be able to stop me in this world?" the hook-nosed young man laughed heartily. "I really have Ye Qingyu to thank for this since he killed two Quasi-emperors during his punitive expedition of the Four Stars Sect. Now, there are no longer any Quasi-emperors left and since I have merged with an Emperor weapon, I'd be able to rule over the world. Ha ha ha!"

"Congratulations, master."

"Master, you are great and mighty and no man is your match!"

The elderly servant and the [Yellow Sand Hundred Battle Golden Armor] soldiers cheered loudly.

"Ha ha ha, once I find Ye Qingyu and kill him, then this world will completely belong to me," the hook-nosed young man said excitedly. He was not afraid of Ye Qingyu since he had his own methods in dealing with him. He was only worried that Ye Qingyu would ignore the plights of his friends and go into hiding. Then, it would be tough trying to search for him.

At that moment——

"Is that so? Will it belong to you?"

A voice suddenly thundered from outside the hall and this voice was full of rage.

"Hmm? Who are you?" the hook-nosed young man said in surprise. How could he have failed to realize that an intruder had approached the main hall?

Spokesperson Li, Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the rest brightened up when they heard the voice.

He's here.

He has finally arrived.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1096:


Chapter 1111 The Remarkable Abilities of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors


He moved with unparalleled grace and was a gentleman unlike any other.

The black-haired, white-robed Ye Qingyu entered the room as gracefully as a dragon and commanded everyone's attention. As he entered, he seemed to bring along the warmth of the sun with him, and soon after, the entire hall became warmer and the gloominess in the room disappeared. Even the air seemed brighter and more gentle.

He walked in like an elegant nobleman without any strong presence, but the hundreds of experts in the hall, including the hook-nosed young man, all found themselves at a sudden loss for words.

"My lord, watch out!"

"He has an Emperor weapon, a true Emperor weapon!"

Lin Yutang and Tang Chong were the first to yell out a warning to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu waved his hand.

There were no energy waves, but the customized steel hooks clinked sharply, then the formation hooks turned into smoke and disappeared. A gentle force lowered down Spokesperson Li, Lin Yutang, and the others and sent them toward him.

"How dare you!" said the hook-nosed young man.

How dare Ye Qingyu try to rescue his friends from under his nose? He must be a naïve fool if he thought this plan could work. The hook-nosed young man raised his hand and a bolt of lightning charged out.

The power of lightning laws surged.

Ye Qingyu's face changed slightly and there was a flash of confusion in his eyes, but he did not counter with an attack of his own.

Thump!

There was a dull thud in the void.

Layers of transparent ripples undulated through the void like the ripples in a pond.

Spokesperson Li and the others safely reached his side.

"Many thanks." Lin Yutang and the others heaved a sigh of relief.

Spokesperson Li sighed with relief and said, "I'm sorry that I had to trouble you to come all the way here." After Ye Qingyu retreated to live in seclusion, he was the spokesperson of the Human Race headquarters and was supposed to be in charge of the affairs of the Human Race. Yet, the Human Race headquarters was attacked and the four main leaders of the White-robed Divine Guards were captured. This was the greatest insult the headquarters had experienced in a thousand years, so Spokesperson Li felt extremely guilty and held himself responsible for this mess.

"I'm sorry for coming late," Ye Qingyu responded.

The person who had attacked the Human Race headquarters was also a Human Race Quasi-emperor, so this would not cause too much controversy. After all, he had once done the same thing, but the nature of both incidents was vastly different.

"My lord, they… they plan to attack the Heaven Wasteland Domain and Snow capital," the Great Dragon Turtle Demon said anxiously. He looked like he was on the verge of collapsing because his cultivation was the weakest among the group, and thus, he had felt the impact of this torture method the most. He had barely managed to hang on until today and his blood had almost run dry, so he was extremely frail.

"I know, don't worry," Ye Qingyu said as he placed a hand on the Great Dragon Turtle Demon's shoulder. Then, a warm current entered the Great Dragon Turtle Demon's body that healed his wounds. He was an important official of the Heaven Wasteland Domain and he had made important contributions to both the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission of the past and to the Heaven Wasteland Building that he was now in charge of. However, he had also suffered a lot.

The hook-nosed young man was also equally shocked.

He was surprised to see that his attack had failed to stop Ye Qingyu from rescuing his friends. This meant that Ye Qingyu was stronger than the rumors made him out to be, and as he closely examined Ye Qingyu, he found that he was unable to discern his actual cultivation. However, he quickly figured out the reason. It was rumored that Ye Qingyu possessed a secret weapon that could kill Quasi-emperors, so this weapon must have also been concealing his true aura and achieved the effect of preventing others from discerning his true cultivation.

"Are you Ye Qingyu? Did you finally summon up the courage to come? I almost thought that you were going to spend the rest of your life in hiding like a frightened turtle. Haha. I'm glad to see that there's some courage in you after all," the hook-nosed young man rose to his feet and said haughtily as he stood high above the hall.

By this time, the [Yellow Sand Hundred Battle Golden Armored] soldiers, which numbered more than a hundred, and that elderly servant had completely surrounded Ye Qingyu from all directions.

Ye Qingyu ignored them all.

He did not even pay any heed to the hook-nosed young man's words.

"The most important thing right now is for all of you to recuperate. I'll handle the rest," he said to the six experts. Then, snow started dancing through the sky like icy, protective elves and made a formation that protected the area within a twenty-meter radius.

The six men nodded.

They had to refine the blood collected in the vat all over again. Otherwise, they would lose half their life's cultivation and it would take them centuries before they would be able to attain the same cultivation again.

The hook-nosed young man's expression turned sinister.

Since becoming a Quasi-emperor, no one had dared to be this rude to him.

"Haha, what would you be able to do even after these six useless people regain their strength? You are all destined to die here today." The hook-nosed young man laughed coldly and pointed at Ye Qingyu. "Today, I will kill the [Ice Sword Killing God] here at the Alliance of Domains, and thereafter, I'll be invincible throughout the entire world!"

Ye Qingyu walked out of the icy formation and frowned. "Why do you possess the lightning way of the [Lightning Emperor]? How is the lost clan of Ye related to the [Lightning Emperor]?"

"Oh? I'm surprised you recognized it. Our clan is the most superior clan of the Human Race, so why are you so surprised that we're able to exert the mysterious technique of the [Lightning Emperor]?" The hook-nosed young man laughed and continued, "It isn't only the [Lightning Emperor], I'll be able to exert the mysterious techniques of the [Heavenly Fire Emperor] and the [Drifting Cloud Emperor] at any moment. What does a barbarian like yourself know about the power of our clan? I must admit that you're the most outstanding person of the Human Race, but your biggest mistake was to make an enemy out of our clan."

Ye Qingyu's eyebrows raised at his words.

The lost clan of Ye seemed to be an ancient clan with a big secret.

Why hadn't he heard of such a powerful clan before? Based on the actions of both Ye Chongsheng and this hook-nosed young man, this clan was definitely not one to keep a low profile. If they were as powerful as they claimed to be, they would have already found some way to flaunt their power earlier, so why did they wait until now to make such a high-profile appearance?

"Are you a Quasi-emperor?" he asked as he looked appraisingly at this hook-nosed young man and noticed his aura. He was indeed powerful, but there was something very odd about this aura. "What's your name and what position do you hold within the Ye clan?"

He probed further as he tried to gain more information about the lost clan of Ye.

"He is the current patriarch of the Ye family, Ye Chen," the elderly servant said as he bowed toward the hook-nosed young man. Then he turned to face Ye Qingyu and said fiercely, "All the humans of this era should be grateful to our clan. If not for the fact that we had blocked the dark forces, the current Vast Thousand Domains would have already become a living hell. We are the descendants of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, and the successors handpicked by the most powerful ancestors of humankind. Ye Qingyu, who do you think you are to be able to speak so impudently to our patriarch? Why aren't you kneeling?"

Ye Qingyu treated the elderly man like a dog that was barking madly and ignored him.

He caught a surprising piece of news in that person's words. There was definitely some element of boastfulness in that statement, but there was also truth in it. He was surprised to find out that the lost clan of Ye was connected in some way to the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors and that the history even involved the Dark Realm. He had thought that this Ye clan was merely an ancient clan that was keeping a low-profile.

However, if they were truly related to the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, they would not be acting in such a disgraceful manner.

Both Ye Chongsheng and their patriarch Ye Chen were both arrogant and overbearing, and their mental cultivation was extremely bad. They lacked the moral character that befitted their cultivation, to say nothing of their mentality and spirit. Based on the principles of the martial way, it would be impossible for people like them to become top-level experts.

"What's wrong? Are you scared?" The hook-nosed young man, Ye Chen, smiled coldly. "If you're scared, then get on your knees right now and pledge your allegiance to me. If you agree to be my servant, I just might spare you."

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

Neither this man's temperament nor state of mind were even up to the standard of an ordinary Saint expert, so how could he have the strength of a Quasi-emperor? Moreover, he even possessed a true Emperor weapon. The way he was acting did not seem like this was the result of years of cultivation and history. Instead, he acted like a man who had suddenly become rich overnight.

"Did you just shake your head? Are you afraid now?" Ye Chen laughed proudly. "You must have realized that you're not my match and you're now quaking in your boots, right?"

Ye Qingyu ignored him.

He was contemplating another issue.

Ye Chen and Ye Chongsheng both shared the same last name of "Ye", so did this have anything to do with his own last name? It would be too much of a coincidence otherwise, and besides, the name "Chongsheng" also meant reincarnation, so there was a special meaning attached to his name.

"What exactly are you doing?" Ye Chen asked. He finally realized that Ye Qingyu was not afraid, but rather, he seemed a little distracted and was obviously not taking him seriously.

Ye Qingyu shook himself out of his reverie with a start and nodded. "Didn't you want to kill me? Come on then. Let me see how much of the Three Sovereigns' and Five Emperors' legacies the lost clan of Ye have obtained."

"Hehe… You should feel honored to have the chance to perish by the legacies of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors," Ye Chen scoffed and emerged from the depths of the main hall.

Thunder and lightning followed him with every step he took.

Bolts of lightning moved like silver snakes and spread from the bottom of his feet. And the silver lightning bolts gathered like lotus flowers, so it seemed as though lotuses bloomed at his feet with every step he took, like a divine king who descended to the mortal realm.

"These are the mysteries of lightning and thunder and it truly is the legacy of the [Lightning Emperor]." Ye Qingyu himself had also obtained part of the legacy of the [Lightning Emperor], and thus, easily recognized Ye Chen's technique as a mysterious technique of the [Lightning Emperor] and not an imitation technique.

What's going on?

Ye Chen had been speaking the truth.

Despite his surprise, Ye Qingyu strode forward to meet him.

"[Thunder Print – Bondage Kill]!" Ye Chen roared.

Instantly, countless lightning and thunder serpents scattered wildly and spread all over the floor of the main hall to form a large thunder net that threatened to hold Ye Qingyu captive.

"This isn't enough to defeat me," Ye Qingyu said as he shook his head.

He stamped his feet gently.

A ray of silver flowing light bloomed under his feet and the lightning and thunder net immediately disappeared, as though he had poured boiling water over ice.

He had an understanding of the [Lightning Emperor's] techniques and thus could counter this attack effortlessly. However, this was limited to the lightning and thunder attacks that Ye Chen exerted. If he were to battle the [Lightning Emperor] himself or a true Lightning Quasi-emperor, it would not have been so easy for him.

"Haha, interesting," Ye Chen said as his lips curved into a proud smile.

"This [Bondage Kill] is the simplest move in my arsenal. Next… [Luosu Formations – Heavenly Warning]!"

He had managed to exert the deadly technique of [Formation Emperor Luosu].

This was yet another remarkable ability of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors.

Spokesperson Li and the others turned pale in the distance.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

