Chapter 129:


Chapter 129 – Flash

He had calculated everything throughout his life, with countless devious plots and schemes. He had caused harm to countless people. Spoiling both his son and his adopted son, creating trouble in Deer City, he had died as a result of this.

This could be counted as his karmic retribution.

Ye Qingyu stored away the [Little Shang sword].

Originally, he wanted to cut away Liu Yuancheng’s clothes to wear himself, but it was already shredded into tatters. There was no way to wear it anymore.

Ye Qingyu thought for a while, then searched the corpse of Liu Yuancheng. He found several storage dimensional [JR1] pouches on him. Opening the space [JR2] [AT3] [AT4] seal on them, he found that there were already several sets of clothes prepared within. Ye Qingyu tried wearing it and although it was not quite fitting, but at least it could cover his body. He no longer needed to be naked.

He then inspected the other storage dimensional [JR5] pouches. Inside, there were some riches contained within and Spirit herbs as well as various other similar types of objects.

Apart from this, there was also an unexpected jade container. The craftsmanship on it was extremely fine and detailed, the carvings elegant and beautiful. It seemed exceedingly valuable just from the appearance.

“I wonder what is inside?”

Ye Qingyu attempted to open the jade container, but discovered that the formation on the container was extremely exquisite and profound. There should be a self-destruct formation on it. If he was not able to solve the miniature formation and chose to open the jade box by force, it would destroy itself.

“Liu Yuancheng regarded this jade container so importantly. There should definitely be some very important objects inside. After I return, I must find a formation expert that I can trust in to unlock this jade container.”

Ye Qingyu placed the jade container into the [Cloud Top Cauldron], storing it away.

After rummaging around several other dimensional [JR6] pouches, Ye Qingyu discovered a jade piece the size of a thumb.

Compared to the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] Chen Moyun, Liu Yuancheng was evidently more shabby. On his body, there were not any high class storage items like dimension [JR7] rings or the such. Only this jade piece was somewhat rare. Ye Qingyu discovered three little characters on the jade piece. After inspecting it in detail, he discovered the words [Chen Moyun] carved on it.

This jade piece belonged to Chen Moyun.

“Eh? Why is there something that belongs to Chen Moyun on Liu Yuancheng’s body?”

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

He closely inspected and discovered that there were no restrictions or seals present on the jade piece. His consciousness entered within and half a moment later, a delighted expression showed on his face.

“I did not think that what the jade piece stored was a [Pill Mantra].”

Within the jade piece, there were some important information or perhaps techniques and sutra stored away. Only a true expert could place their consciousness into the jade piece. People like Chen Moyun were able to do this, but for Liu Yuancheng, he was still somewhat lacking. What made Ye Qingyu feel that something was strange was the fact that the jade piece had no restrictions or seals whatsoever. It was as if it was an item that had no owner.

“Could it be that Liu Yuancheng and Chen Moyun were conspirators?”

Ye Qingyu vaguely understood.

This time coming out, he had travelled by the secret route of the army. Normal people should have no way of tracking or chasing after him. Even if Chen Moyun was the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] with a respected status, he was not a man of the military. Furthermore, this was the Deer Mountain Range and not the Azure Phoenix province – his influence could not be brought to bear. To want to find Ye Qingyu, he could only rely on the old bastard Liu Yuancheng. The two villains should have long colluded together, each of them cherishing their own sinister designs.

And this jade piece should be something that Chen Moyun gave to Liu Yuancheng to buy him into service.

The [Pill Mantra] that was stored within the jade piece was something that only a high class pill master could come into contact with. A normal martial artist absolutely could not see it at all. It could be counted as a precious treasure.

In truth, Ye Qingyu’s guess was not wrong.

At the beginning, Chen Moyun had relied on this [Pill Mantra] to bribe Liu Yuancheng and made Liu Yuancheng to place spies within the army. Liu Yuancheng took a risk to obtain the route that Ye Qingyu would travel, planning to ambush him halfway.

Ye Qingyu’s fortune was very good.

At the time that Chen Moyun had handed over the [Pill Mantra] to Liu Yuancheng, he had erased the formation seal on the jade piece. Afterwards, there was not enough time for Liu Yuancheng to erect another formation, making the jade piece become an object with no owner. Ye Qingyu could browse the contents as he pleased.

“Haha, this [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] is really generous. Not only did he gift me my present strength and the [Cloud Top Cauldron], he has also given me a [Pill mantra]. He is completely the grandfather that hands out wealth, wahaha…”

Ye Qingyu’s eyebrows relaxed as he laughed.

This [Pill Mantra] had really solved one of his great problems.

After receiving the pill formula from Li Shizen at that day, Ye Qingyu had always wanted to attempt to refine pills. But his foundation was extremely thin, with no one to teach him. For him, refining pills was but the spoken dreams of a madman. But right now, all was well with the acquisition of the cauldron and the [Pill Mantra]. As long as he spent effort training, sooner or later he could become a pill master.

After robbing all the things clean on Liu Yuancheng’s body, Ye Qingyu dug a culvert on the ice floor, placing the corpse within the hole.

“Seeing that you have given me so many treasures, I’ll bury you. When you reincarnate in your next life, become a good person,” Ye Qingyu said.

After the battle, the formation within the ice room had already lost its effect.

Big Head was still slumbering in a far off corner.

Ye Qingyu picked him up, and exerted all his strength to knead and pinch him.

But this glutton would still not wake up.

“Eh? He is in such a deep sleep? Something is not right, it is like he is hibernating.” After observing for a moment, Ye Qingyu discovered that the breathing of this glutton was thin like a cotton strand. He had a slow heartbeat and his body was at a constant temperature. He was like the animals that chose to hibernate in the winter.

A dog would really hibernate?

Ye Qingyu was completely speechless.

He again fiercely pinched Big Head, and still couldn’t wake him up. At the moment, he could only give up.

“Just what is this! Other people’s battle companion, even if their battle power is trash, at least it can pretend to be adorable. Why is it that I met with a fellow that apart from eating, can only sleep!”

Ye Qingyu could not laugh or cry.

But after confirming this silly dog was safe, he was much more reassured.

“The upcoming question to solve is how to depart from this underground ice cave that is like a maze.”

Ye Qingyu thought for a while, but had no way of remembering the path he came from.

“This underground cave has corridors after corridors of complicated intersections. It is like a spider’s web. As long as one step is wrong, every step will be wrong after and one will never be able to escape from here. Previously, when the sentries brought me here, we chose the path randomly in our rush. Plus, this is the location Chen Moyun has chosen. I don’t even know where this is. If I fumble around blindly and chaotically, there’s a possibility that I can be lost here forever.”

Ye Qingyu quickly thought of a plan in his mind.

“However, as long as I always head up, and travel upwards, I should be able to leave here. This underground ice cave, at the most, extends several hundred meters beneath the ground. “

After considering, Ye Qingyu finally had a plan of action.

He was not in a rush, sitting and resting for a while. He made sure his inner yuan was at the most optimal condition before doing anything. Summoning the Bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart], [JR8] [AT9] he began browsing the pages.

By raising himself to the level of fifteen Spirit springs in one breath, this represented that Ye Qingyu could already browse fifteen pages of content in the Bronze book.

Of the fifteen pages, Ye Qingyu had already read ten when he was confined within the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

The fact that Ye Qingyu was able to escape from the [Cloud Top Cauldron] in top secret was only achieved by relying on the power of one of the pages of the Bronze book.

This page, belonged to one of the three sections, [Titled Strange Objects].

This was different from the pages Ye Qingyu had previously unlocked. On this page, there was not any techniques like the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General] nor strange objects like the [Sentry Guard] . There was only a large Fiendgod symbol, that could not even be counted as a character.

Ye Qingyu, after successfully translating it, was sure that this symbol was a formation belonging to the God and Devil Era.

He had attempted to insert his inner yuan into this Fiendgod symbol. Then he immediately understood the power held by this formation.

Flash!

This formation was what was known as the [Flash formation] in the God and Devil Age.

The power it possessed, was similar to the [Delimiter] formation that could be seen in the continent. It could break apart the constraints of space, breaking open the limits like teleportation. From one place, you could appear in another place in an instant. With a [Delimiter], one could appear and leave as they pleased from countless dangerous areas. Even top experts could not block them.

The [Flash formation] held the power of teleportation.

Ye Qingyu had relied on the power of flash, to escape from a treasure like the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Chen Moyun would not have dreamt that Ye Qingyu would possess such an object like the [Delimiter]. Naturally he had not had any safeguards whatsoever and was kicked into the cauldron from behind without any knowledge because he was stupidly feeling for the pill inside the cauldron.

The existence of the [Flash formation] meant that Ye Qingyu had a hidden card that he could use to turn around countless situations.

On some perspective, this could be equal to gaining an extra life.

Right now, Ye Qingyu felt more and more that the Bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart] was extraordinary. It absolutely far exceeded his most optimistic imagination.

“Apart from a page on the [Flash formation], there are still ten pages of the Bronze book that I have not managed to decipher. It should be some rare thing, but I don’t have the time right now to investigate. I must first quickly return above ground and head to Youyan Pass. This is the most important matter.”

Ye Qingyu stuffed Big Head into his chest, inner yuan surging into the [Flash formation].

“Flash!”

Accompanied by his clear and loud shout, Ye Qingyu’s figure ascended. He disappeared from his original location.

Since the last time he had used the [Flash formation], over a month had already passed. He could already use it again.

With Ye Qingyu’s current strength, by activating the [Flash formation], he could approximately teleport to a distance of around five miles – that is around five thousand or so meters. He chose to flash upwards. This would definitely be out of the boundaries of the ice cave, and return him above ground.

The truth proved, that Ye Qingyu’s judgement was correct.

The underground ice cave should be located five hundred to a thousand meters below the ground. His flash carried him in one instant to four thousand meters[JR10] [AT11] in the air.

Fresh air surged towards him from all directions.

The cold astral winds gusted by him, making him feel extremely comfortable.

As the first of the red sun shone towards him, warm sunlight descended on his body, making everywhere bright.

Ye Qingyu could not help but scream in exhilaration.

He had been in that dim underground cave with no daylight at all for more than a month, breathing in the thin and ancient air for a very long time. Now he had finally returned to a normal environment. Ye Qingyu felt a sensation similar to him being born anew.

Under the strong wind, the clouds were like waves in the sea.

“I’ve finally come out alive…”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 130:


Chapter 130 – Lu Zhaoge

Ye Qingyu greedily sucked in large mouthfuls of fresh air.

A short moment later, he descended back to the ground, standing alone on top of a snowy peak.

Looking downwards, the surrounding snowy white peaks were standing in great numbers. One could largely judge that this location was still within the hundred broken mountains. But evidently, there was still an extremely great distance from here to the nearest watch post. Ye Qingyu did not possess the routes of the military. At this time, he did not know exactly what direction to travel.

“Youyan Pass is directly North. If I just head North, I should reach it sooner or later?”

Ye Qingyu bitterly smiled. It seems like he could only use such an idiotic method.

He was about to soar through the skies and head towards the North when an unexpected change occurred.

“Who is that person loudly screaming?”

A loud shout, like the rumble of thunder in the summer, incessantly sounded from far away, spreading everywhere. The sound waves where so strong that it began to shake the sea of clouds, and even the strong gusts in the skies were faintly moved.

As the sound of the shout had not yet finished, another sound came piercing through the skies.

Xiu!

A great fissure was torn apart in the cloud layers.

A figure like an electric arrow drew a trajectory through the heavens. He arrived in an instant, descending fifty meters before Ye Qingyu.

“Was it you who was screaming crazily just now? You… Eh? So it was you…” The tone of the silhouette was originally cold, but as his gaze landed on Ye Qingyu’s face, he suddenly became emotionally moved. “Motherfucker, you little brat, just where have you died to in these days. You made your father I, afraid and alarmed searching for you.”

As he said this, the silhouette flashed, arriving before Ye Qingyu in an instant.

Pak!

The person lifted his hand and punched Ye Qingyu in the chest.

Ye Qingyu looked downwards, then was overjoyed at the unexpected fortunate occurrence. Exclaiming, “Old Wen? You, you… why are you here?”

The person that suddenly appeared was really, astonishingly, Wen Wan.

Ye Qingyu did not imagine that he would bump into Wen Wan at such a place.

“Why am I here? That’s all due to your fault, you stinky little brat. Once I heard there was a problem in the watch post, your father I rushed over from Youyan Pass overnight. Motherfucker, did you know, I’ve already spent over a month of time searching for you in the hundred broken mountains? I’ve nearly dug ups these mountains looking for you…” Wen Wan said with anger but with laughter hidden within. “Just what has happened? The sentry post has collapsed, what did you guys encounter?”

“It’s a long story.” Ye Qingyu bitterly smiled, retelling everything that had happened.

He hid away those comparatively secret matters concerning the Bronze book and the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

“So it was those two old dogs.” After Wen Wan had finished hearing the story, he ground his teeth. “Luckily for them, they have died quickly. Otherwise, I would definitely make them suffer… haha, but to bring back the subject, you little kid really have gained fortune from calamity. Your strength has risen so fast. If it is like so, then I can drill you with reassurance in Youyan Pass.”

As he said this, in the far off skies, more yuan qi fluctuations could be seen.

Several more figures came from far away.

“Superior!”

The leading person had silver armour, a muscular figure, with a clearly defined face that was somewhat heroic. The several people around him were all wearing silver helmets and silver armour, evidently from the military. They surrounded Wen Wan, seemingly his subordinates.

Wen Wan flicked his hands with a laugh. “Fine, the person has been found. Wu Guanlong, go and tell the others of the army, to tell them to return. I will send someone to report on what has roughly happened shortly after.

This heroic faced military officer respectfully gave off a sound of agreement. Transforming in a ray of light, he headed towards the South.

“Fine, let’s go. Let’s go to Youyan Pass, then we’ll speak.”

Wen Wan slapped Ye Qingyu on the shoulder as he smiled a wide grin.

The other subordinates evaluated Ye Qingyu with a curious glance.

Their own superior was a military officer famed for his violence throughout Youyan Pass. Ever since taking up the official appointment, he would not give face to anyone at all apart from military order. It was unknown just how many nobles of the younger generation he had taken care of. Wen Wan had all punished those whose work was detrimental, shirking responsibilities and scrambling for merit. They had never seen military officer Wen Wan display so much care towards someone of the younger generation. In this month, he had nearly flipped the entire hundred broken mountains over. This young man called Ye Qingyu, just what was his background that he would make the violent officer care so much about him?

“Everyone, it has been hard.”

Ye Qingyu clasped his hands to express his thanks.

…… ……

Three days later.

Ye Qingyu finally arrived at Youyan Pass.

The location that was known as the pass was the front line between Snow Country and the Snow Ground Demon Court. It already possessed nearly a hundred years of history. After several generations of the country’s men’s bitter construction, it already began to emit a vast unfathomable atmosphere. One of the three main peaks of Deer Mountain Range, Youyan Peak, was cut apart to construct the pass. Aside from that, there was a fort outside the mountain and tunnels and dwellings within. There were countless holes dug hundreds of miles east and west from here, a large majority of the rocky ground and cliff transforming into dents. There were countless formation arrays as well as various military installations arranged in these holes. It was like a forest, numerous and densely packed.

It was covered and shrouded in ice and snow throughout the year. The entire Youyan Pass was like a cold city of ice.

Because of the traces left behind by the traces of human activity, there were the ever present thick clouds and mist in the skies. Like it was a land of ghosts*. It was said that this was how Youyan Pass got its name from.

The first moment he saw Youyan Pass, Ye Qingyu’s was completely shocked and stunned.

He stood from the air thousands of meters high, surveying down. The entire Youyan Pass was like a slumbering blue dragon, towering, majestic, and imposing. Firmly guarding the Northern gates of Snow Country, it utterly blocked the demons of the Snow Ground Demon Court from entering.

Because this was an important location to the military, the security was incomparably strict.

As Ye Qingyu and the others got within ten miles of Youyan Pass, they had already received the interrogation of four waves of little patrols. Formation airships patrolled all around. Thankfully, with the famed violent officer Wen Wan beside him, the various questioning procedures became much simpler.

After passing twenty covert watch posts, Ye Qingyu’s feet finally stepped on the ground of Youyan Pass.

It was a city in the mountain.

A mountain city that was in ice and snow.

It was the winter season. The air here was even harsher compared to Deer City. Many of the architecture in the outside city was constructed using cold ice. The people on the streets, largely wore leather coats and cotton padded clothes. But they would not cower and huddle for warmth, evidently having adapted to the cold environment. Instead, they seemed very vigorous and energetic.

“You first go to the Pass Lord’s residence, and report for duty to Pass Lord Lu… then go to the military camps to obtain your armour and your badge.”

Wen Wan brought Ye Qingyu along. Sitting on a snow dragon chariot, they headed towards the Pass Lord’s residence at a rapid speed.

A snow dragon was the special Spirit beast that belonged to Youyan Pass. With an extremely powerful ability to bear weight, it was said to belong to a descendant branch of the ancient dragon. Its head was like a dragon, the horn sharp like blades or swords. Its hind legs were developed and sturdy, able to shoot through the snowy ground. The forelegs were like claws, able to hold weapons. High class snow dragons could spit out lightning and also fly.

But this snow dragon chariot that they travelled in was a somewhat low class.

On the way, Wen Wan took great pains to introduce Ye Qingyu to the situation regarding Youyan Pass, especially the organizational structure of the military and what forces composed the power base of Youyan Pass. Attentively telling him on what he should pay attention to, what people he could not pay attention to, what people he must pay respect to and distance himself from, what matters he could do as he pleased, and what situations where he must not interfere etc…

“How come you have only came for a year to the front lines, and become so womanish?” Ye Qingyu laughed.

In the end, he had missed the time where they had not seen each other.

After they had met, they were especially close. But his mouth could not help but insult him several times.

Perhaps this was the friendship between men.

“You, little brat, are really living in plenty without appreciating it.” Wen Wan sighed with sorrow. “Thinking back, when your father I came here, I was not familiar with the situation or people. I was played around with by people who looked down on me, causing quite a few laughable situations to happen. I nearly had my head chopped off by breaking the rules of the army… Right now you have me following you everywhere and pointing out a clear path for a little brat like you. Yet you’re still not satisfied.”

Ye Qingyu laughed uproariously.

Wen Wan said resentfully, “I finally discovered that I came here to pave the path for you.”

On the way, they once again encountered many heavily armed patrols.

This was different from Deer City. Every structure in Youyan Pass was constructed with the foremost consideration of sturdiness and suitability for battle. Even civilian houses were constructed like forts. The roads were wide and straight, nearly every building square. The large majority of citizens living here were soldiers, or the family of military officers. There were merchants and normal civilians, but these people were very few in numbers.

It was said that there was an army two hundred thousand strong in Youyan Pass stationed by the Snow Country, but the true elites should only number around a hundred thousand.

The closer they got to the Pass Lord’s residence, the stricter the security was.

The snow dragon chariot passed over a total of twenty-one formation fences, entering into the inner city. And after travelling for another twenty minutes, they could finally see their destination. Far off in the distance, the completely white building was like a divine palace in the clouds. It was the residence of the Pass Lord.

“Within a thousand meters from the Pass Lord’s residence, all civilian court officials dismount and all military officers must get off from their vehicles. ”

The silver-armoured guards loudly shouted.

“Dismount.”

Wen Wan gave a signal, bringing Ye Qingyu down the chariot. Fixing his clothes, he continued to walk forward.

The lord of Youyan Pass, was known as Lu Zhaoge. He was one of the only princes of the country that had a different surname. Receiving the title as the Lord of the North that drove away the demons, he was a legendary person.

Rumour had it that Lu Zhaoge was the playmate of the Emperor of Snow Country, and had an exceedingly great relationship with the Emperor. He was a true martial artist standing at the peak. He had once, one man and his blade alone, entered deeply into enemy territory, invading a thousand miles into the Snow Ground Demon Court. He annihilated ten thousand elite demon soldiers, and beheaded the head of a statue at the entrance to the Demon Court, bringing it back. He shook the entire Snow Ground Demon Court with his might. He had ruled and defended Youyan Pass for over thirty years, with the army of the Demon Court not even able to take a step past the peak of Youyan. His contribution was outstanding.

Within Youyan Pass, Lu Zhaoge held two roles simultaneously. He was both the Lord of the Pass and the Commander in Chief. Holding authority over administrative and military affairs, his words held enormous weight.

In the eyes of countless soldiers in Youyan, this Northern lord that drove away the demons was an existence akin to a deity.

He held prestige and respect that could not be compared to anything. Every soldier and military officer, was willing to die for such a commander of the army.

Even Wen Wan, a brute-like military officer who could not be tamed, could not but become more solemn when he appeared in front of the Pass Lord’s residence. First he tidied up his armour, then walked step by step inside.

On the gates of the Pass Lord’s residence, there were silver-armoured guards defending the structure.

Ye Qingyu handed over his identity nameplate and the official appointment. Only then was he allowed in.

Wen Wan waited outside, in a courtyard within the residence.

A silver-armoured captain brought Ye Qingyu passing through many lookout posts on the way. They headed towards the main hall where official business was discussed.

Wen Wan seemed to have long gotten used to everything here. He casually selected a pavilion to enter, reclining on a chair. He held his two hands behind his head as he stared into the skies, waiting for Ye Qingyu to come out.

*place of Youlin — Where Youyan Pass gets its name from

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 131:


Chapter 131-132 – Guerilla Warfare Officer

Just going to put a note here, because I’ll probably get messaged regarding this anyway xD

I have not made a mistake, the author made a mistake numbering the chapters that was never corrected. Yes, this is 132, no there is not a 131 that is missing. Yes, it drives my inner OCD crazy too xD ———————————

Approximately ten minutes later.

“I wondered who it was, to be so unbridled in the Fort of the Pass Lord. To not follow etiquette and recline down in such disarray. So it was really the infamous [Impertinent officer].”

A piercing and unfriendly noise came from beside Wen Wan.

Wen Wan was originally quite content reclining backwards, but he frowned upon hearing these words. Just a short listen alone was enough for him to discern who it was. An impatient expression flashed by his face. Not even lifting his head, he shook his foot about, and said in an impatient voice, “What, coward, is your bottom itchy again? Scram to one side. You thing with no guts, don’t disturb my mood. Be careful otherwise your father I will beat you.”

“You…”

The noble military officer that seemed to only be around twenty years of age, stood outside the pavilion with an expression of rage.

From the conversation between the two, the relationship between Wen Wan and this noble officer was not that good.

“Peh, a brash person with bravery but no brain.” The noble officer coldly snorted, a chilling light flickering in his eyes. His facial expression was as if he could not understand Wen Wan at all.

And at this time, Ye Qingyu walked out from the inner hall.

“Old Wen, the matters are settled. Let go.” Ye Qingyu waved the formation plate on his hands. There was already the inscription of the army of Youyan Pass written on it. This represented that from now on, Ye Qingyu was a person belonging to the military of Youyan Pass.

Wen Wan stood up. “So quickly? Did you see the Pass Lord?”

Ye Qingyu shook his head: “I did not see him. There was only a Mister Liu who received me.”

“Mm.” Wen Wan nodded his head, his thoughts unknown. Gesturing, he said, “Let’s go.”

The noble officer heard the words exchanged between the two. His gaze passed over Ye Qingyu. With a cold smile filled with disdain, he suddenly lifted his leg, blocking the path of Ye Qingyu. Stretching out his chin he said, “You’re new?”

Ye Qingyu gave him a glance, then nodded his head.

“Since you are new, then I will teach you a lesson. From now on, don’t walk together with this brash idiot who has countless enemies. Otherwise, you will definitely encounter trouble,” the noble officer said in an overbearing tone.

Ye Qingyu was somewhat confused.

He looked at Wen Wan asking, “Your enemy?”

“Him? He is enough to be the enemy of your father I? He is only a coward that ran from the battlefield, and was taken care of several times by me. If not for the fact that his background is somewhat tough, I would have long played with him to his death. He’s not even worth mentioning,” Wen Wan rubbed his nose, saying very arrogantly.

Your words are perhaps far too straightforward?

Ye Qingyu said with anger, “You said you came to pave the road for me. Instead, you came to recruit enemies for me?”

Wen Wan chuckled roguishly.

Ye Qingyu slapped the shoulder of the young noble with a laugh. “Don’t worry, I am definitely not on the same road as this foolish person.”

The noble officer retreated a step with disdain, rubbing the shoulder Ye Qingyu had slapped. He coldly sneered. “So you understand…”

But before he could finish, Ye Qingyu smiled harmlessly. “But I will also give you a lesson. Don’t be so arrogant in front of anyone anymore. You best not let me see you running from the battlefield. Otherwise, no matter how hard your support is, I will definitely play with you to your death. I guarantee, on this point alone, I am definitely different from this brash person who wants to do it but doesn’t dare.”

The noble officer was dumbfounded.

Then he instantly realized that the words of Ye Qingyu were mocking him.

“Stand there.” The anger of the noble officer was invoked. He fiercely grabbed the Ye Qingyu who was about to leave, coldly smiling. “A thing that doesn’t know death, just where did you come from? To speak to me like that? Do you know who am I?”

He had heard just now that Ye Qingyu was reporting for duty for the first time in Youyan Pass. Furthermore, he had not received the direct reception of the Pass Lord, and was just received by the Mister Liu who had a position akin to an advisor. Therefore, according to his estimation, Ye Qingyu must not be someone of a great background. He was only a little character assigned here, and he was free to used his military position to oppress him.

He had performed such a move far too many times. He had already refined it down to the state of perfection.

But as Ye Qingyu heard this, the only thing he wanted to do was laugh.

This noble officer, was completely no different from the idiot nobles in White Deer Academy.

Why was it that even the army would have idiots like him?

“Since you have said so much, then I really want to ask who you are.” Ye Qingyu was not in a rush to leave. Turning around, he stared at him, calm and unruffled.

“Haha, then listen well. I am of the left camp, the guerilla warfare officer Lin Lang.” The noble officer had his chin lifted up high, staring down at Ye Qingyu. “How about it? This military position, is it enough for you to lower your head and bow to me?”

The army of Youyan Pass was divided into the Vanguard, Left camp, Right camp and the Back camp.

And the position of guerilla warfare officer belonged roughly in the middle level of each camp. They commanded over a hundred people. Possessing the power to launch a strike by themselves, their position in Youyan Pass could be counted as comparatively high.

Ye Qingyu heard this and began laughing out loud.

He lifted his military seal and waved it around. “So it was the guerilla warfare military officer Lin. I really have been too disrespectful. I am the patrolling sword envoy Ye Qingyu, reporting to the pass today. I wonder, do I need to bow down to superior Lin?”

Lin Lang heard this and was taken aback.

He stared fixedly at the seal, his face instantly turning green and red. Ultimately, he lowered his head and did not dare to look at Ye Qingyu directly anymore.

Patrolling sword envoy!

This fellow, was really a patrolling sword envoy!

Lin Lang screamed crazily in his heart.

The military position of the patrolling sword envoy was somewhat special in Youyan Pass. It also belonged to the middle level, but there was not any ties to any of the four camps. It was also not managed by the Pass Lord’s office. It directly reported back to the royal court of Snow Country, and belongs to a special role similar to an ambassador sent by the military department.

Within Youyan Pass, there were only ten patrolling sword envoys.

Each and every patrolling sword envoy held extremely great power. Their role was to survey the hundreds of officers, representing the royal court to patrol the camps. They maintained discipline and ensured the loyalty of the army to the country. Their role was to monitor illegal activities and prevent discipline from being broken. It was also to report back whether there were any activities that attempted to deceive the Emperor. They interrogated and decided the fate of many officers in the army. All officers below the position of general in the four camps must accept the surveillance and monitoring of the patrolling sword envoy.

And for those who broke military discipline, the patrolling sword envoy had the power to first execute then report afterwards.

In total, the military position of the patrolling sword envoy was not high, but they held very real power. They were horrifying characters that changed people’s expression when they discussed it in the army.

But due to the fact that the power of the patrolling sword envoy was so great, this position did not possess any soldiers under them to command. Apart from four or five members to aid them, they did not have the power to command soldiers. Normally, patrolling sword envoys were all experts of the martial path. They used their personal strength to enforce their judgement.

Lin Lang would not even have dreamed that to show off, he had kicked into such a hard steel board.

With his tiny little guerilla warfare position, even if he had the support of his family, in front of such a fierce character like the patrolling sword envoy, he was completely like a soft piece of tofu. If this patrolling sword envoy decided to come after him with a steel heart, then his little life would sooner or later be handed over.

“This… this… your subordinate I… I…”

Lin Lang stumbled and mumbled, his face red, not even producing a complete sentence.

As he spoke, at that time, his knees were very quickly about to soften. If not for the last shred of dignity as a noble and as a martial artist, perhaps he would have long knelt on the ground with a crash.

Ye Qingyu laughed uproariously.

“Coward.” Wen Wan gave a look of disdain.

The two of them left the gates of the Pass Lord’s residence, leaving from the grounds.

Lin Lang stood where he was, his face filed with embarrassment and resentment. Watching the back of the two, his lips moved several thousands of times, but ultimately no words were said.

Today, he was placed at a complete disadvantage.

As his cold sweat quickly went away and the icy wind blew past, it made him more clear headed.

As he did his best to suppress the rage in his heart, Lin Lang said silently, “What am I doing, to be scared by a newly appointed brat… En, the Pass Lord did not receive him personally, this means that this little brat does not have any background or status. To be together with that brash idiot Wen Wan, his background should be normal…”

He sat in the pavilion, carefully considering.

He began to feel more and more that his previous judgement was correct.

“Motherfucker, Ye Qingyu is it? I was nearly frightened by you little brat. This grievance is set, you best have a great background. Otherwise, I will definitely repay the shame of today… For a new patrolling sword envoy to arrive in Youyan Pass, this news must be quickly spread out. Let me see whether you can stabilize and take root here!”

Lin Lang coldly laughed.

…… ……

Wen Wan accompanied Ye Qingyu until he reached the official residence of the patrolling sword envoy.

“I’ll come find you later.” Wen Wan slapped Ye Qingyu on the shoulder. “These days, to find you, I have already not reported back to the camp for a long time. I estimate there will be many bothersome matters piled up, I’ll first return to take care of it… the days in Youyan Pass are very boring, you’ll soon get used to it.”

As he said this, he gathered his subordinates and left.

Wen Wan’s military rank was also a guerilla warfare officer, commanding two hundred snow dragon riders. He could be counted as one of the elites of the vanguard. Although the time he had spent in Youyan Pass was short, but he had already fought in several hard battles and obtained a splendid battle record. He could be said to be one of the newly rising stars of the army in this period of time, with a significant fame. His reputation was much tougher than the noble officer Lin Lang who relied on his family to come here.

Ye Qingyu saw Wen Wan off. Standing in front of the official residence, he was somewhat moved.

The architecture in front of him was said to be the residence of an officer, but in truth was built in accordance to the general style of Youyan Pass. Square shaped tower, with four storeys, it could be considered as the highest structure a thousand meters around. The style of construction was still made with sturdiness at the forefront; the walls were rough and crude, seemingly very normal from the outside

On the direct northern doors of the tower, there were two words—

White Horse.

This name of this tower, was the White Horse Tower.

Creak!

The doors of the tower were opened.

“Superior.”

A pale pallid and thin youth, wearing rusty armour and large beast skin shoes, walked out from the front door. Looking at Ye Qingyu with a questioning expression he weakly said, “Who are you looking for?”

Ye Qingyu smiled faintly. “I am new here. From now on I will live here.”

“Ah? New here?” The youth was dumbfounded, then after half a moment, suddenly realized something. There was a shocking light emitting from him. He said inconceivably, “You… you… you mean that you are the new patrolling sword envoy?”

Ye Qingyu could not make clear why this youth would be so moved but he nodded his head with a smile.

The young man stared at Ye Qingyu, his emotions in turmoil. Whimpering and crying noises came from his mouth. He began madly nodding his head, then knelt on the floor, bowing to Ye Qingyu. After several bows, the skin on his forehead was broken, dark red blood seeping out.

“Quickly get up.” Ye Qingyu lifted his hand, a surge of yuan qi supporting the young man up. Frowning, “Just what is this? Why are you crying?”

The young man wiped away his tears, his face still covered with tear droplets. He said stuttering, “Subordinate… subordinate is… is the sword slave of White Horse Tower, subordinate… subordinate I have finally waited for the arrival of superior you… I have waited so bitterly for you…”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 132:


Chapter 133 – White Horse Sword Slave

Sword slave?

Waited for me bitterly?

Ye Qingyu was somewhat nonplussed.

Just what is this, do I know this youth from somewhere before?

“Wuwu, my lord, you’ve really come…” The youth was nonsensical yet again, laughing and crying like a madman. Half a moment later, he seemed to have thought of something, quickly rushing to say, “My lord, please quickly enter. Your subordinate I have ensured that the entire tower was kept clean…”

Ye Qingyu could not laugh or cry, entering the tower.

The interior of the tower was really extremely clean and tidied. There was not the slightest hint of dust. The white floor was as polished as a mirror.

Ye Qingyu carefully observed around him.

The interior of the tower was plain and unadorned. The first floor was used to store various items, such a weapons, spears and blades. Apart from this, there were three or four rooms that, according to the youth, was where the servants of the previous patrolling sword envoy stayed. As you went up the stairs, the decoration of the second storey was somewhat more detailed. The second floor had a fairly large space, and there were weapons hung on the walls. It should be a small scale practice room. And as for the third floor, it was the resting room of the patrolling sword envoy. The furnishings were exquisite, and it possessed some wooden furniture.

The space of the fourth storey was comparatively small, but both the design and furnishings were elegant. With an incense burner, praying mat, emerald green bonsai plants and on the four walls, there were formations used to consolidate yuan qi of Heaven and Earth. And on all four sides, there were large windows that could be used to survey the surrounding architecture… Ye Qingyu guessed, that the fourth storey should be a place of quiet, used to cultivate yuan qi.

“This are some items that the previous superior have left behind. Everything has been arranged by the predecessor,” the skinny youth Bai Yuanxing said respectfully behind him, explaining in a small voice.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

Then this skinny youth said in a probing tone, “I wonder if superior is satisfied with this place, do you need to rearrange anything?”

Ye Qingyu shook his head. “This is fine; I don’t have any special requirements.”

Bai Yuanxing let out a breath of relief, much more relaxed. “My lord, you are the twenty first master of the White Horse Tower. The previous masters all held the position of the patrolling sword envoy. It is only that after the previous master had died in battle, there has not been a new master of White Horse Tower for quite a while. As a result, everything in the tower has been somewhat neglected. There were originally ten sword slaves in the tower; some have left, some have died, and there is only me left…”

“The previous master died?” Ye Qingyu was taken aback. “What happened?”

The sword slave of White Horse Bai Yuanxing was also taken aback. “Could it be that my lord doesn’t know the story behind White Horse Tower?”

Ye Qingyu heard this, and knew there must be a long tale involved. Pointing to the chair opposite him, he said, “You are called Bai Yuanxing? That’s right, I don’t know the inner workings of this place. Since it is so, then first sit and tell me all about the story of White Horse Tower.”

“I don’t dare.” Bai Yuanxing was exceedingly deferential, bending his waist: “I’ll speak standing up…”

He told the tale without interruption. Ye Qingyu did not know what to feel in his heart as he listened to this.

The White Horse Tower had been founded right at the establishment of Youyan Pass. It once belonged to the ten towers of Youyan Pass. The first person to enter White Horse Tower, was the head of patrolling sword envoys in Youyan Pass, Bai Hungyun. He had once possessed the title of the top four experts of Youyan Pass. His reputation was not in any way smaller than that of the Battle God Lu Zhaoge in Youyan, but he died at a young age. During one of the battles with the Snow Ground Demon Court, he had fallen a long time ago…

After the death of Bai Hungyun, White Horse Tower had experienced twenty masters in total. Every one of them held the position of patrolling sword envoy and these twenty people could be counted as experts of the martial path, all with exceptional backgrounds. Within these twenty, there was a person very well regarded by all. With a similar reputation to Bai Hungyun, he caused the name White Horse Tower, these three words, to be incomparably resplendent in Youyan Pass. Even a little sword slave, as long as they walked out from White Horse Tower, they possessed an exceedingly high status. Normal military officers and nobles had to treat them with etiquette. They did not dare to be disrespectful in the slightest.

But the curious thing was that all twenty of these patrolling sword envoys did not have a happy ending. Every one of them perished through different methods…

This caused the White Horse Tower with a radiant history, to slowly deteriorate.

The White Horse Tower within Youyan Pass became known as the Tower of Death, the Cursed Tower. It was a place of misfortune recognized by everyone, a place where it would bring ominous matters to its master. There had been extremely capable people invited to survey the reason for this, but they could not discern behind it. Ever since the last master, the patrolling sword envoy Dong Mingzhu, died suddenly, White Horse Tower had always remained empty. From then on, no one dared to live within…

Ye Qingyu after hearing this, apart from feeling apprehensive, he was also thinking something else in his heart.

Since the misfortune of White Horse Tower was so well known, then why did Mister Liu of the Pass Lord’s residence arrange for himself to be here?

As the well experienced advisor of the Pass Lord’s office, it was impossible for him not to know this story. Then for him to assign him here, it must be something done intentionally.

That Mister Liu, why would he do this?

Was it his own intention?

Or was it the Pass Lord, the Lord of the North that drove away demon? Was it his idea?

Ye Qingyu lowered his head and pondered for a while, then suddenly laughed. He felt that mulling these questions over was something completely pointless. A military order was like a mountain; for him to change location was something that was impossible. Furthermore, if this was spread out, he would definitely become a laughing stock.

“Perhaps I am thinking too much. The Lord of the North has what kind of position so why would he place his attention on a tiny character like me?”

Ye Qingyu laughed mockingly at himself.

However, there was still something suspicious. Wen Wan had already come to Youyan Pass for quite a time already. It was impossible for him not to know the legend of the White Horse Tower. It was exceptionally strange for him to not even mention it previously when he saw him off.

Just what kind of medicine was this fellow selling in his gourd?

When he had time, he must question this fellow.

And as the matter lies, Wen Wan still owed him something. The pearls that he obtained from the old golden clam, he had handed it to Wen Wan. He said he would bring it for someone to examine it, yet he had never returned it.

As for the legend of the White Horse Tower, as a martial artist, Ye Qingyu had far more considerations than the ordinary man.

Firstly, he would naturally not be like a normal person and believe that the White Horse Tower was really cursed or possessed by a ghost as legend has it. He was not as superstitious as to believe in these intangible and inconceivable matters. But the fact that twenty-one martial artists including Bai Hungyun had met with a bad end [JR1] [AT2] was an indisputable truth. There would not be waves without wind. There must be some sort of secret not known by others hidden within.

As he thought of this, Ye Qingyu’s heart became more and more curious.

Could it be that within White Horse Tower, there really was some sort of hidden secret?

He did not say anything, allowing the sword slave Bai Yuanxing to continue with his tale.

Ever since four years ago, and the death of the last master of White Horse Tower, the deterioration of White Horse Tower could already not be prevented. In these four years of time, there was no one who dared entered into White Horse Tower. Originally, there were ten swore slaves of the White Horse Tower and their role was to serve the master. But as the saying goes, when the tree topples the monkey scatters. Some people met a bad end, some people chose to leave. In these four years, talent scattered everywhere. Ultimately, there was only Bai Yuanxing left.

Because of the deterioration of the White Horse Tower, the military had also stopped allocating a stipend.

Bai Yuanxing had bitterly endured alone by himself. He could nearly bear it no longer. He suffered being bullied and humiliated every day. His face was yellow and thin from suffering too much hunger. Even he himself, did not know just how much longer he could endure. Luckily for him, Ye Qingyu had arrived today. It made the last sword slave of White Horse Tower, able to see the light of hope…

As Ye Qingyu heard this, a slight affection was felt for this skinny youth.

After the sword servant Bai Yuanxing had finished explaining the mysteries behind the tower, he stared at Ye Qingyu in fear and high alert. He could tell that this new master knew nothing about the legend of White Horse Tower. Now that he knew, would he immediately depart from White Horse Tower and go reside somewhere else?

It was not easy for a master to be assigned here. If he was scared away, then it was definitely a tragic loss.

Therefore, the heart of the youth became restless and worried.

Ye Qingyu looked at this youth, thinking of the words he had previously said. His heart suddenly moved saying, ”You just said that the first master of White Horse Tower was called Bai Hungyun. Your family name is also Bai, could it be…”

The youth was taken aback, never imagining that the master would be able to connect the dots. Rushing and bending his waist, “Not to hide from my lord, Bai Hungyun was namely my ancestor.”

“What? He’s your ancestor?” Ye Qingyu had casually asked this question. He had not expected it would really be like so. He could not help but ask in surprise, “Bai Hungyun had such a high position. As his descendant, why have you turned into the sword slave of White Horse Tower?”

The role of sword slave had the word slave in it. Evidently, it was not a high position.

Ye Qingyu looked at Bai Yuanxing. His feet were unstable, with no light in his eyes. Evidently, he had never trained in the martial path. In those years, Bai Hungyun was incomparably glorious. Even if he died in a battle, he should be someone that received great rewards and merits. Why was it that his descendant would deteriorate to such a state?

The sword slave Bai Yuanxing lowered his head. “When my ancestor died in battle, he left his last words. He wanted his descendants to protect White Horse Tower for generations after, not allowing them to become officers. In these years, the Bai family has gradually deteriorated all the way until my generation. My talent is exceptionally poor and my success is limited in the martial path. To follow the wishes of my ancestor, I can only sell myself as a sword slave, and guard this place.”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

If this Bai Yuanxing had not lied, then there were definitely some parts of him that could be admired. His loyalty was excellent. In the future, Ye Qingyu could use him with reassurance.

“Fine, I know. Thank you.” Ye Qingyu patted him on the shoulder with a smile.

The figure of Bai Yuanxing quivered. “I don’t dare, this is something I should do.”

After this conversation, Ye Qingyu became greatly interested in the matters regarding Youyan Pass. “Since you have remained in Youyan Pass for generations, I believe that you must understand very well the matters in the pass?”

Bai Yuanxing said respectfully, “I have heard many rumours , but I cannot discern whether they are true or false. Because my body is too weak, I rarely leave White Horse Tower.”

“Haha, relax, I’m only asking you about matters that are common knowledge.” Ye Qingyu looked at Bai Yuanxing’s careful and cautious manner and knew that he must have suffered hardship in these years. He always lowered his head to others and had hence created a timid disposition. Reassuring him, he then said, “There should be ten patrolling sword envoys in the city. Before my appointment, there should have been nine. According to logic, as the sword slave of White Horse Tower, you should also be a person belonging to the patrolling sword envoy group. Why don’t you seek aid and protection from them?”

Bai Yuanxing let out another sigh. “This is something that you cannot know. The relationship between patrolling sword envoys are special. They cannot be counted as comrades. One of their duties is to monitor each other. From the beginning, the other patrolling sword envoys have never been amiable with each other.”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

This was his first time hearing all of these.

“Superior, your military uniform and weapons are in the tower. Do you need to go inspect it?” Bai Yuanxing asked. “After the previous master has perished, the military supply department has halted the distribution of the stipend. Since superior you has finally come, then I will immediately request for the stipend to be reinstated.

“Good.” Ye Qingyu nodded his head. “Then I’ll first have a look at the uniform and the weapons.

The military occupied a decisive role in Snow Country. It could be said that it was the pillar of the country. Hence, their supplies were utterly faultless and of superior quality. Especially for the front lines like Youyan Pass, the treatment they received was especially generous.

Within White Horse Tower, there were the uniform of the patrolling sword envoy and the weapons associated with the position.

The so called uniform, was really a set of armour. It was called the [White Horse armour].

The workmanship of this armour as well as the materials was exceedingly exquisite. The silver helmet and armour was luminous and dazzling, with the shape like a white horse, two wings on the back of the armour. It combined beauty with functional capability. It could be counted as a great product created by the military of Snow Country. Even if it was hung on a frame, it seemed very artistic, like a flying white horse in the heavens.

When Ye Qingyu saw the [White Horse armour] his eyes brightened.

” A Good treasure!”

He could not help but praise it.

After carefully observing, Ye Qingyu discovered many particulars in different locations. The defensive ability of this armour was astonishing. On the war armour, there were countless formations inscribed. After entering one’s inner yuan inside, one could activate the power of the formations. It could withstand consecutive heavy strikes, and it was also possible for it block spears and hidden arrows. Its class was only slightly less than that of a Spirit armour, and it was unquestionably the best choice for protection on the battlefield.

And what was even more rare, were the two wings on the back. It was not just for decoration. On it, two profound formations were inscribed that could reduce the weight of the wearer and give them the power of flight. After wearing the [White Horse armour] and inserting your inner yuan into the formations, one could control the wings, soaring into the skies.

The experts of the Spirit spring stage could also fly through the air. But this was typically far too great an expenditure for their inner yuan. But if one relied on this heaven horse wings, and borrowed the power of the formation, the expenditure on their inner yuan would be greatly lessened. By fighting against opponents in the skies through this tool, one could definitely gain a great advantage.

The more Ye Qingyu looked at it, the more he liked it.

Even though this war armour could not be counted as a Spirit weapon class armour, but after considering just how hard it is to obtain a complete set of defensive armour like this, it was definitely something special. Furthermore if the abilities it had in battle was calculated, then its value was not in any way less than a Spirit weapon. It was even higher than a typical Spirit weapon.

Who would have thought becoming an officer in the military would have such great benefits?

Apart from this armour, there were many weapons left by the previous owners. There were all eighteen types of weapons there. Blades, spears, hatchets, battle axes, hooks, prongs, there was everything that one could name. Most of the work were elite products from the hands of a grandmaster, made from extraordinary material. One look was enough to tell that they were the sharp tools used to kill in the battlefield.

But they were all not Spirit weapons.

Ye Qingyu did not mind too much, storing every weapon away.

“That’s right, which of these weapons do you like?” Ye Qingyu smiled at the Bai Yuanxing who had always remained next to him. “Come pick one.”

“Ah?” Bai Yuanxing jumped in shock, then quickly shook his head “This… no, no, no, my position is too low, how would I dare covet these divine weapons…”

Ye Qingyu did not say anything. With a faint smile, he handed over a set of sharp flying blades.

There were six sections to this set of sharp flying blades, with each section having six blades. In total, there were thirty-six blades, with each blade bringing it a silver but slightly blue colour inside. They were slightly curved, with rivets for blood that could be clearly seen. One side sharp, the other side blunt, the tip of the blade extremely sharp. One look at it was enough for cold shivers to be born.

These thirty-six flying blades were stored in a strange pale blue sheath made from the skin of beasts.

The workmanship of the sheath was exquisite, with a girdle that could be fixed onto the back of someone. It completely covered the thirty-six blades so that a normal person had no way of noticing the blades on the wearer’s body. It was definitely a sharp weapon made for killing. The person who created these blades, was absolutely a master of assassination.

“This, this, this…”

Bai Yuanxing held the blade sheath with both hands, both nervous and flabbergasted, but holding a very well disguised delight. He did not know what to say.

“Take it away. From now on, train with effort. Talent alone cannot decide anything.” Ye Qingyu had long noticed that Bai Yuanxing liked this set of blade the most. His gaze had lingered on these blades the longest. When he looked at it his pupils would glow with a light, so he had just gifted it to him.

After all, it was something his predecessors had left behind. Ye Qingyu had just blindly picked it up himself. Casually handing one or two pieces to others for a favour was something he could do and not feel pained in the slightest.

After a slight hesitation, Bai Yuanxing gratefully accepted this set of flying blades known as [Flowing Light of the Stars].

Ye Qingyu returned to the floor above, slightly arranging his residence and adjusting to the new environment.

Bai Yuanxing took away Ye Qingyu’s deputy seal, heading towards the military supply department to request for the reinstatement of the stipend. For White Horse Tower to reopen again, the meaning it held for the last White Horse sword slave was absolutely not in any way less than being reborn. His entire person was resplendent, in much higher spirits.

As he stood in the clean room of the fourth story and watched Bai Yuanxing disappear in the end of the far off street, Ye Qingyu faintly smiled.

This person, he could trust to carry out his orders.

But his background was definitely not as simple as he had said.

Although he had only come to the Youyan Pass for a short time, Ye Qingyu could already sense a sensation like a storm encroaching. The atmosphere in this military frontier was even more complicated than in his imagination.

Ye Qingyu stood on the fourth floor, surveying the surroundings.

Everything miles away could be seen in his eyes.

As he silently surveyed the surroundings, Ye Qingyu’s mood gradually calmed down.

He suddenly liked this sensation overlooking everything. From this height, the people on the roads were like ants and he could see the structures and building silently standing in the snow. To stare down from White Horse Tower gave him a sensation akin to a monarch or deity controlling everything around them, possessing absolute authority.

From far away, in the falling white snow, a crimson red gradually sunk into the ice mountain to the west.

The time of the sunset.

For the first time, Ye Qingyu felt that the sunset was magnificent.

In that split second, he began to comprehend something in his heart. Ye Qingyu sat in a meditative position on the praying mat. Activating the nameless breathing technique, he began to train.

Ray after ray of silver yuan qi dragons soared out from within Ye Qingyu’s body, encircling around his body.

Ye Qingyu did not stop activating his inner yuan. Controlling the roiling yuan qi dragons, he constantly deepened his ability to control his own energy.

His strength had grown explosively. What he lacked the most right now was the needed minute control over his power.

Like a young child holding a sharp knife, Ye Qingyu must first increase the control he had over his new power. Only then could he emit the true power of fifteen Spirit springs. He did not want to be like the young child cut by the sharp blade in his hands, suffering an injury because he had no way of handling this new power.

Time passed minute by minute.

The sun had already sunk below the horizon.

Darkness began enveloping Youyan Pass.

The fifteen yuan qi silver dragons lingering on Ye Qingyu became increasingly more concise, their actions more agile and nimble. From the beginning where it was somewhat stiff and shaky, it was already many times more fine and controlled.

Accompanied by the vague roars of dragons, the fifteen yuan qi silver dragons once again entered back into Ye Qingyu’s body.

He deeply exhaled a murky breath of air, slowly standing up.

“Two hours have already passed, why has Bai Yuanxing not yet returned?”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

