Chapter 1257:


Chapter 1271 - Battling the Sky Emperor (2)

"How ignorant," the Sky Emperor said icily.

He clapped his hands together in front of his chest and pulled them apart.

A dark blue [Ghostly Blade] appeared as his hands moved apart. It was shaped like a saber used for beheading. It was thick and was circled by nine rings of fire. The mouth of the saber was thin and sharp with Taotie markings; the saber handle was shaped like the tail of a flood dragon and blue ghostly fire circled around the entire saber. It exuded a frightening power of death and spilled over to the surrounding area as it merged perfectly with the blue ghostly souls of the universe.

This was his ghostly Emperor weapon.

This weapon didn't use to look that way. It used to be known as the [Heavenly Slash Blade], and this was his personal Emperor weapon when he had been a follower of the Divine Light Emperor. Later, when he changed his cultivation way, he also crafted a new personal weapon, and this weapon was the [Ghostly Blade]. Ye Qingyu had shown such strength earlier that despite his contemptuous words earlier, he did not dare to actually underestimate him. He had officially acknowledged that Ye Qingyu was a worthy opponent by summoning the [Ghostly Blade].

The [Ghostly Blade] arced through the void and gathered the energy from the world of death to form a luminous arc and charged out horizontally.

Boom!

This was the first clash of supreme forces on the stone steps of the Light Palace.

Two sword wills, one which contained the living force of the people, and the other, the deathly force of ghosts, clashed together with a loud bang.

When these two completely different forces that were as different as fire and ice clashed together, they produced a strange reaction and a frightening aura that even caused both Ye Qingyu and the Sky Emperor to shiver in fear.

Ye Qingyu exerted the life force from the World Tree that then surrounded him and also exerted the [Limitless Divine Way]. This caused his aura and force to skyrocket rapidly. His [Blood Drinker Sword] that had drunk its fill of Emperor qi and blood qi from the Martial Emperors of the Dark Realm hummed loudly. His body suddenly expanded and he assumed his true form of a Martial Emperor; he looked like an ancient sword god who stood tall in the torrent of space and time, with the power to destroy all enemies, past and present alike, and his aura was extremely close to the Sky Emperor's.

"Hahaha, great. You've now proven yourself a worthy opponent, and also worthy of dying by my [Ghostly Blade]," the Sky Emperor said with a chuckle. His soul also expanded rapidly, just like Ye Qingyu had done earlier, and the true form of his soul appeared. He was also from the Human Race and looked exactly like Lan Tian. The [Ghostly Blade] he held in his hand released thin rays of dark blue light that delved into the void and seemed to pull something out of it before returning to the blade. Ye Qingyu clearly sensed that the thing it had pulled from the void was death qi.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] had absorbed the energies from the blood essence of the Martial Emperors who he had killed earlier, but the Sky Emperor's [Ghostly Blade] had absorbed all the despair, resentment, anger, sorrow, and death qi that these Martial Emperors had left behind during their final moments. These negative energies and ripples were all absorbed by the [Ghostly Blade]. Then, its dark blue ghostly fire burned even brighter.

"The [Ghostly Blade] absorbs and draws its power from death energy," Ye Qingyu thought.

He had already formed a vague idea of the martial way that the Sky Emperor had chosen to cultivate.

The next instant, a battle broke out once more.

The stone steps of the Light Palace could no longer handle the presence of the true forms of two Martial Emperors.

The two figures quickly went to the torrent of space and time, and their swords flashed as the battle intensified.

The torrent of space and time that had the power to destroy countless lifeforms did not affect them at all.

Boom!

The Dao sounds generated as blade and sword clashed repeatedly caused huge ripples across the torrent.

Yu Xiaoxing and the others watched the battle anxiously from a crack in the main gate behind the defensive formation of the Light Palace. Wen Wan, Ximen Yeshui, Gao Diping, and the others were extremely nervous but at the same time, they were astounded by Ye Qingyu's surge in strength. They had wanted to go out and help him when they saw the Martial Emperors of the Dark Realm ascending to their true cultivation earlier, but when they saw how effortlessly Ye Qingyu had killed those Martial Emperors who were at their prime, they finally relaxed. However, when he came up against an ancient majestic presence such as the Sky Emperor, they became extremely anxious once again. The more they understood how terrifying the Sky Emperor could be, the more anxious they became.

Empress Shui Xiu was also watching that peerless battle in the torrent of space and time.

She had always locked herself in self-isolation, cultivated, and relied on the methods, techniques, and resources left behind by the ancestors of the Seven Fingers Race, so she had cultivated in solitude and confinement. She had become an Empress because of that wisp of luck to become Emperor, and because she was ill-informed, she did not know much about Ye Qingyu's latest feats and had assumed that she was as powerful as he had been when they last met. As she watched the battle, she finally realized that she had not even caught up to her benefactor, and in fact, the gap in their strengths had only gotten wider.

"That's true. After all, he's an incredibly outstanding man of this world..." Empress Shui Xiu mused to herself.

She was quickly captivated by the peerless match unfolding in front of her. As a Martial Empress, this was a once in a lifetime opportunity.

Gao Diping, Wen Wan, and the others were quickly immersed in the profound and Heavenly Dao mysteries that could be seen from the battle in the distance.

Rumble!

Dao sounds constantly rang out.

Clicking noises could be heard from the [Blood Drinker Sword] in Ye Qingyu's hand and a sea of blood exploded from it, spreading to areas within a thousand-kilometer radius and completely blocking out the torrent of time and space. His power was almost boundless and limitless in this sphere. This was the sword sphere; it was a strange phenomenon that occurred when the power of his [Blood Drinker Sword] was at its peak. This sphere would have been even more terrifying under normal circumstances. Not only did the [Life Sword] sword will explode from his sword each time he slashed out, but it also stirred up the power from the sea of blood. It was as though he could destroy planets, galaxies, countless lifeforms and the universe with a single thought.

The [Ghostly Blade] seemed to produce almost the same effect as the [Blood Drinker Sword]. He also opened up a ghostly death sphere and his dark blue body was like a god who had the power to command death.

This battle was no longer a battle between sword and blade; it was a clash of the power of spheres, and a clash of the highest form of Emperor qi.

The battle lasted an entire day and night.

The power they released was so powerful that it produced a huge vacuum with a radius of several million-kilometers in the chaotic torrent of time and space.

"We won't be able to determine the victor if we continue battling in this manner," Ye Qingyu tried to think of a way to kill his enemy.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] spun out.

"Kill!"

The sounds of slaughter and killing that seemed to come from an ancient past rang out from the painting on the walls of the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Then, dozens of ancient ancestors charged out from the painting and formed a mysterious formation. They either raised the stones in their hands high, or held their stone spears tightly, or raised their torches high, or led a saber toothed tiger, a salamander, and other ancient fantastical creatures as they charged toward the Sky Emperor.

"What is that?" the Sky Emperor was slightly taken aback.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] did not appear during the battle in space because it was guarding Song Xiaojun and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, so the Sky Emperor was not aware of its combat abilities.

He waved his [Ghostly Blade] and slashed at the stone spear that flew toward him.

Clang! Clang!

Sparks flew all over.

The [Ghostly Blade] did not manage to break the stone arrow apart as he had imagined it to. It merely left a mark on the stone spear and sent the ancient ancestor who held this spear flying.

"How could these things be so powerful?" the Sky Emperor became even more surprised.

A ball of fire and a huge rock came hurtling at him before he could even react.

"Break... them open!" the Sky Emperor yelled and held his blade with both hands. Then, ghostly fire lit up the blade like an evil dragon and exploded from the blade.

Clang!

Boom!

The ball of fire was slashed apart, and the huge rock was almost carved into half and was sent flying.

"Roar!" A fiery ancient salamander came toward him and its mouth opened wide as it attempted to bite off the Sky Emperor's head.

At the same time, a saber toothed tiger slowly prowled toward him, its eyes gleaming with killing intent as it marked its prey. Its front legs bent slightly before it suddenly transformed into a ray of flowing light and pounced at him.

"Humph, how could a bunch of barbaric people who lack intellect even dream of hunting me down?" the Sky Emperor yelled angrily.

He had already noticed that the formation that these ancient ancestors displayed earlier was clearly the formation used by ancient tribes when they went hunting, and he was the prey that they had surrounded. During the early days when the universe was formed, these ancient ancestors were matchless in might and were even as strong as primitive lifeforms. The hunting formation that had been refined over the passage of time was the basis for all battle formations and military formations later in the future. Even the killing formations used by the various battle divisions of the Divine Light Court had been an evolution of this primitive hunting formation.

The Sky Emperor was trapped in this formation. Individually, none of these ancient ancestors was a match for the Sky Emperor, but they worked together in such unison that the Sky Emperor found to his surprise that he was not able to escape from the formation after several attempts.

"With this blade, I will crush the reincarnation cycle and everything under the sky will be under my command... [Reincarnation Slash]!" the Sky Emperor yelled.

He sucked the death sphere from the [Ghostly Blade] and the ghostly flames on the blade into his mouth, like a whale gulping water. The chest and belly of his true form suddenly expanded. Then, he opened his mouth with a loud yell and a matchless saber radiance shot out from his mouth.

Rumble!

The saber radiance instantly slashed the ancient salamander and saber toothed tiger in two.

It did not lose any momentum as it continued on its destructive spree. It destroyed a torch held by an ancient ancestor, and slashed an ancient ancestor and his stone spear in two.

"Retreat!" Ye Qingyu was taken aback and immediately exerted the technique to recall all these ancient ancestors to the painting on the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. When he took another look at the [Cloud Top Cauldron], he saw that the saber toothed tiger and the salamander had been slashed into pieces, the ancestor who held the stone spear was seriously injured, his stone spear broken, the fire on the ancient ancestor's torch had been put out... and many knife slashes had appeared on the painting.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] was damaged.

Ye Qingyu was extremely upset.

He had not expected this to happen at all.

Since he came into possession of this [Cloud Top Cauldron], this cauldron seemed like it could do anything, and the Sky Emperor was the first person who had managed to damage it.

However, there was a ripple of consciousness from within the [Cloud Top Cauldron], and after Ye Qingyu sensed and comprehended the message, he took another close look at the cauldron; he realized that bright yellow mysterious mist circulated around the damaged painting on the walls of the cauldron that seemed to be repairing everything. The damaged portions of the painting seemed to heal at a visible pace. He finally relaxed when he saw that this damage was not permanent, but it would take some time before it would revert to normal.

The Sky Emperor took some time to adjust his breathing. Evidently, the [Reincarnation Slash] had exhausted his origin power.

However, his aura surged once again after several breaths.

"You're not the only person who can summon soldiers to fight for you... [Ghostly Gates], open!" the Sky Emperor said with a cold smile as his [Ghostly Blade] carved out an ancient spectral gate in the void.

The doors opened and countless dead creatures charged out from within.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1258:


Chapter 1272 - Battling the Sky Emperor (3)

Ye Qingyu was not surprised.

He had already figured out that the Sky Emperor could control large hordes of beasts when he realized that the Sky Emperor could control the Invaders and the beast hordes. After the [Ghostly Gate] opened, the creatures that charged out were like the large skeletons that had charged out from the tombstones at the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss. They weren't as strong as the ancient ancestors individually, but they were more numerous in quantity and they were comparable to experts of the fake Emperor realm. They burst forth like a black tidal wave; at first glance, they seemed like an army of ants.

Under the control of the Sky Emperor, these black skeletons moved like an army in an orderly manner, covering heaven and earth as they charged toward Ye Qingyu.

"You're not the only one who knows how to rely on winning by numbers," Ye Qingyu said with a cold scoff and exerted his occult technique. Then, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] spun around slowly; wisps of light swirled around another painting on its walls, and this painting started to emit a yellow mist that spread across the area like a large fog. The beat of ancient battle drums could be heard from the fog as it started to bubble and expand, as though something was about to emerge from it.

The Sky Emperor was shocked for he realized that the drumming sounds from the mist were the military drums that used to echo throughout the various divine courts during the ancient and pre-archean ages.

Military drums!

These were the drums of seasoned soldiers.

The military drums signified that the strongest battle division from the ancient times was about to emerge.

These battle drums were the beat that soldiers of the divine court had marched to as they vanquished their enemies, and these soldiers had emerged victorious from every battle. Later, after the Divine Light Emperor established the Divine Light Court, the soldiers from his court had adopted these military drums and drawn on their underlying significance. Each time the military drums boomed, the soldiers would feel more motivated, their energy would increase, and their courage would surge, enabling them to overcome all fear and experience a surge in combat strength.

After that fateful battle, the Divine Light Emperor had gone missing, the Divine Light Court collapsed, while its divine army scattered in all directions. Millions of other forces had risen and fallen over time, but none of these forces had come even close to having the resources to beat the rhythm of these military drums. Not even the Guardians' camp had this ability. Thus, this sound was not heard in that world for the longest period of time.

Now, he could clearly tell that the military drums that sounded from the yellow fog were indeed the same drums that had disappeared for millions of years.

"Attack!"

The voice seemed to come from an ancient past.

Suddenly, the yellow fog parted and brass divine soldiers riding metallic heavenly horses rode out from within.

One, two, three...

Ten...

A hundred...

The metallic heavenly horses all gleamed with silver light and the divine soldiers were all clad in heavy brass armor; they charged out from the painting on the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and formed a tidy formation. They continued trotting out from the painting endlessly, as though there was no end to their numbers, and they were like a silver torrent that trampled the void open wherever they passed.

As the military drums sounded, these divine soldiers completely defeated the deadly creatures.

What had started as a battle between the Sky Emperor and Ye Qingyu had turned into a massacre involving two armies with thousands of soldiers and horses. Neither the deadly creatures nor the divine soldiers battle division were living, breathing creatures, and while the battle between two supreme individuals earlier had caused a part of the time and space torrent to disappear, forming a true vacuum, the battle between two large armies seemed even more fiercely fought than battles among intellectual creatures. Countless figures entered the battlefield like meat rolling into a mincer; they rapidly fell, died, and broke apart...

The beat of the military drums, the growls from the battle, and angry yells sounded...

Figures could be seen falling one after another and they were quickly replaced by others.

The Sky Emperor had once commanded battle divisions within the Divine Court, had been through countless battles, controlled strong armies, and taken charge of a battlefield. He was incredibly experienced in the art of commanding armies and had powerful leadership skills; he controlled these deadly creatures effortlessly, and his military formations charged and attacked, countered when they fell into the enemies' formation, and lured the enemy deeper into their territory. The Sky Emperor skilfully maneuvered the battle formation, in a way that creatures oblivious to battle formations behaved like a well-disciplined army under his leadership.

The Sky Emperor was like a War God.

His military prowess far surpassed that of the War God of the Dragon Human Race, Xu Wuya, who was known as one of the five main War Gods of the Vast Thousand Domains.

Ye Qingyu had almost no experience in this area.

He could use his supreme cultivation's perceptiveness to detect the changes in battle formations, but he could not determine what was the most suitable and accurate way of countering this, neither did he know how to control those divine soldiers.

However, there were military drums.

The ancient and bleak military drums rang out from the yellow mist. The drumbeats would change, but each time the military drums echoed, these soldiers would rearrange and change their formations. Each time they changed, they targeted the Sky Emperor's soldiers and each time they acted, it was extremely profound. No matter how the Sky Emperor's brilliant army tried to counter, they were completely ineffective and even suffered heavy losses...

The military drums seemed to have a mind of their own.

Half a day later.

The deadly creatures were on the verge of collapse.

The Sky Emperor could no longer contain his shock.

He knew that his military tactics were matchless in this world, so how did the military drums manage to defeat him despite his brilliant strategies? Moreover, the sounds that these military drums were making had died out a long, long time ago, but he could vaguely make out that the rhythm to which the drums were beating to bore some similarities to the battle drums of the Divine Light Court... Could there be someone who used to be part of the Divine Light Court behind these drums?

Or could this person be within the [Cloud Top Cauldron]?

That man was the only person who was a better military strategist than him.

How could this be?

How could Ye Qingyu be so familiar with the mysteries of that bronze cauldron and how did he manage to control it?

The Sky Emperor suddenly had a bad feeling about this.

The deadly creatures had been utterly defeated and beat a hasty retreat. Finally, the divine soldiers chased these creatures back into the [Ghostly Gate]. The large [Ghostly Gate] was also completely destroyed...

Rousing cheers rang out from the battlefield.

Countless divine soldiers raised their dragon spears high.

Then, they transformed into wisps of bright yellow mist and disappeared in the void.

A tremendous amount of energy was required to sustain these thousands of soldiers and horses from the painting on the walls of the cauldron and it was also taking a toll on Ye Qingyu. He quickly retracted his energy before he completely exhausted himself.

The sounds of the military drums disappeared.

"Who are you?" the Sky Emperor looked at Ye Qingyu in surprise and shock, "Are you the successor he handed his legacy to, after several generations? Or are you his descendant?"

"You'll never find out," Ye Qingyu said as he raised his sword once more.

Frankly, he didn't know the answer to this himself.

Evidently, he wasn't the successor who the Divine Light Emperor had chosen to hand his legacy to, but as for whether or not he was a descendant of the Divine Light Emperor... he wasn't sure of that himself, because his background was still a mystery to him.

"I'll be able to find out everything once I capture you and search your soul," the Sky Emperor said as he held his [Ghostly Blade] with both hands. He raised it high above his head and the dark blue flames traveled down the blade to his hands, arms, shoulders, and instantly covered his entire body. His figure started to change like melted wax. Finally, he transformed into a gigantic dark blue blade that was several tens of thousands meters tall.

It was a giant [Ghostly Blade].

He had transformed his body into a saber.

He had become one with his blade!

"With this blade, I will crush the reincarnation cycle and everything under the sky will be in the palm of my hand... [God-killing Slash]!"

The gigantic blade let out loud and metallic clanging sound and its powerful saber aura exploded out of it. This aura transformed into a ray of flowing light that hurtled toward Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu could sense how terrifying this attack was from a distance of several thousand meters away.

The [God-killing Slash] was the most powerful move of the Sky Emperor's soul.

The honorific title of the Divine Light Emperor had been 'god' and this attack named '[God-killing Slash]' was the most powerful attack the Sky Emperor had painstakingly created after he went to the dark side. This was the strongest trump card he had invented as a safety measure, in case he ever ran into the Divine Light Emperor again in the future. He now felt threatened by Ye Qingyu's prowess and thus he immediately used this move in hopes that the battle would end quickly.

Ye Qingyu felt as though his body was about to shatter and break apart.

"[Cloud Top Cauldron]... power of life... One slash from the [Life Sword]!" Ye Qingyu said as he slashed out with his sword.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] floated in the void and protected his body, his [Blood Drinker Sword] sent out its most powerful attack, his [Limitless Divine Way] and the sword will from his [Life Sword] immediately unleashed their strongest power, and the life force in his body circulated frantically. This was the moment that he unleashed his strongest attack.

A huge ray of sword radiance slashed past the void and clashed against the saber radiance from the [God-killing Slash].

Rumble!

The torrent of time and space shook violently.

Ye Qingyu suddenly sensed imminent danger approaching after these two attacks collided against each other.

"Oh no..."

He suddenly realized that his strongest attack that had been hastily pieced together with his major trump cards might not be comparable to the [God-killing Slash] that the Sky Emperor had spent millions of years perfecting.

He was about to hastily exert the one hundred and eight ancient characters to activate the [Cloud Top Cauldron], change to a defensive stance, and pray that the [Cloud Top Cauldron] would be able to handle the strength of this terrifying attack when suddenly, the World Tree that had been quiet in his dantian world started to frantically wave its leaves around as though it had received a stimulant, and exuded an invincible power of life.

This power immediately spread all over his body and even spilled out into his surroundings.

"One Slash from the [Life Sword]!"

He suddenly felt more powerful than ever and this instinctive need to battle immediately prevailed over logic as he slashed out with his sword once again.

Rumble!

A terrifying sword radiance hurtled across the void and effortlessly destroyed the dark blue saber radiance of the [God-killing Slash].

"No...!" the Sky Emperor cried out in despair and rage.

He could no longer sustain the form of the [God-killing Slash] and reverted back into his dark blue soul state that had a human appearance. Ye Qingyu's sword will circled all around him and madly hacked at him like countless small swords, slowly chipping away at his soul. No matter how he struggled and attempted to use many mysterious and divine techniques to defend himself, he was as helpless as a deer that had fallen into a trap; all his efforts were to no avail in the face of such an absolutely terrifying power.

"How could this be?" the Sky Emperor was unable to accept this fact.

The tables had turned on him instantly.

He saw the shadow of death loom over him. He had once imagined his own death, but he could not accept that he had fallen to a kid who had risen much later in the world, and not to his lifelong enemy nor to the man he both respected and hated the most in his life. He couldn't bring himself to accept this fate, he just couldn't!

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1259:


Chapter 1273 - Panic

Ye Qingyu was surprised that such powerful divine authority had suddenly exploded from the World Tree; when he imbued his [Life Sword] with the power of life from the World Tree, his sword will seemed even more powerful than what was described in the [War God Sword Mantras]. The moment he slashed out, the power of life instantly quelled the Sky Emperor's ghostly death qi.

People couldn't help but stare at the Sky Emperor's rage and resentfulness.

This ancient and ambitious man was about to perish.

Ye Qingyu would definitely not show him any mercy.

Even if he didn't care about the grudges and enmity between the Sky Emperor and the Divine Light Emperor, he would not spare him because of the very fact that the Sky Emperor had controlled the Invaders and hordes of beasts to massacre countless Guardians, Sinners, Dark Ones, then went on to destroy Deer City, the White Deer Academy, as well as having slaughtered countless citizens of the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

He fully exerted the power of life within his body and was about to put an end to the battle.

The Sky Emperor's dark blue soul constantly grew smaller bit by bit and let out resentful wails.

He had lived for so many years, experienced countless changes in eras, mastered countless divine and mysterious techniques that were lost to this world; he was in possession of countless rare and precious treasures, but he was still unable to save himself in the face of such a mighty force.

In the blink of an eye, the Sky Emperor's soul was extremely frail and feeble.

Suddenly, something happened just before the Sky Emperor was about to be felled by Ye Qingyu's sword.

"Alright, that is enough," a wizened voice rang out from a far distance.

A blurry figure appeared from the distance of the time and space torrent, exuding a frightening energy. This energy was so powerful that it even struck fear into Ye Qingyu. It was something even more powerful than Emperor qi, and it seemed more like an Immortal, or Immortal power, as though an ancient king over all creatures in this world had just emerged from an ancient and mythical era.

This blurry figure slowly raised his hand and an indescribable authoritative force and power of laws circulated, forming a kind of energy that was not of this generation. It went against the current of the torrent of time and space and a vast energy from this backflow gathered toward it, then it transformed into a gigantic palm that only had three fingers. This palm seemed to travel through countless years and made to grab at the Sky Emperor.

A huge and uncontrollable force crushed down on Ye Qingyu.

This three-fingered gigantic palm was clearly attacking him in an attempt to save the Sky Emperor and relieved the pressure on the Sky Emperor by attacking Ye Qingyu. However, Ye Qingyu clearly sensed a strong killing intent from this force. This mysterious person did not mind getting rid of him as he saved the Sky Emperor.

"Where have I seen this figure before?" Ye Qingyu thought quickly to himself even as he showed no hesitation in countering with an attack of his own.

"One Slash from the [Life Sword]!"

Ye Qingyu could instantly unleash dozens of sword will rays, each with the power to kill the Sky Emperor since the World Tree was supplying him with an endless amount of energy. The sword radiance was even more powerful than the three-fingered gigantic palm.

Rumble! Rumble!

Destructive chaotic energy currents exploded from the torrent of time and space.

He sensed a strong feedback force surging toward him and this force sent him flying like a kite that had its strings cut. The webbing between his thumb and index finger went numb and he almost lost his grip on the [Blood Drinker Sword]. The impact within his body was even greater and the World Tree trembled violently in his dantian world, while hundreds of leaves were shaken off its branches.

"How could he be so powerful?" Ye Qingyu gasped and finally managed to steady himself after flying for a distance of several thousand kilometers.

The light of the void shot out from his eyes and after he activated his [Eyes of the Void], he finally relaxed when he saw that the three-fingered gigantic palm and been slashed into pieces in the distance. The terrifying torrent of time and space stirred turbulently and let out gurgling sounds that sounded like the bubbling waters of death. It was a long time before the turbulence subsided.

The blurry figure also vanished.

"Is he gone?" he wondered doubtfully.

He had noticed that this blurry figure seemed to be constrained by some kind of force and lacked the power to actually descend upon this part of space. However, the power that this figure managed to unleash across such a vast time and space was still incredibly mighty and frightening. Who exactly was he?

He wasn't surprised to find that the Sky Emperor had vanished as well.

He had escaped!

The Sky Emperor would have been killed if it hadn't been for that blurry figure who appeared at the very last moment.

Ye Qingyu still felt slightly regretful, but he wasn't disappointed nor enraged.

The Sky Emperor's life was hanging by a thin thread and his strength had weakened significantly. Even if he escaped, it would take a long time before he would be able to recover. He would not be able to stir up much trouble within a short period of time and Ye Qingyu was also confident that if they were to meet in battle again in the future, the Sky Emperor would definitely not be his match.

He took a deep breath, then recalled the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and the [Blood Drinker Sword].

His figure flashed as he headed toward the Light Palace.

Snow Capital, Heaven Wasteland Domain.

An eerie silence fell upon the entire Snow Capital.

Everyone at the imperial city had seen the energy ripples from the fierce battle within Light City and the majestic scene that seemed like a fiendgod had descended when Empress Shui Xiu had made her appearance. It was a once in a lifetime opportunity to witness an Empress. It was even more impossible to hide the fact that the Light Palace had been dragged into a huge whirlpool by a huge purple hand, but after the initial panic, the palace released news that this had happened because Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu had returned and exerted a divine technique.

The citizens of the imperial city relaxed.

Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu was the guardian of the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Was he truly back?

Only a handful of higher-ups from the imperial city knew how terrible the damage had been. Light City was reduced to nothing more than a pile of rubble. All the experts who were guarding the Light Palace had vanished, including the Empress, Lin Zheng, and other influential figures. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that all the highly influential figures who had the power to preside over matters within the imperial city had vanished together.

The higher-ups who were loyal to the imperial family acted in accordance with the 'emergency proposal' that Lin Zheng and the others had laid out. They immediately tried to calm the citizens of the Heaven Wasteland Domain in order to tamp down any confusion or panic within the city, and quickly gathered to formulate a strategy. However, no matter how they thought about it, if the powerful experts of Light City were defeated by this powerful enemy, how were they going to stand up against the enemy?

Then, the officials who were usually judgemental about the Light Palace being too close to the imperial family were forced to admit that without their power watching over them, the Heaven Wasteland Empire would be weakened. With the exception of having the authority to govern the empire, they were no different from ordinary men if they were to face off against a powerful enemy.

They had to contact Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu at once.

He would be the only one who had the power to turn the situation around and deliver them from danger.

This was the only idea these officials could come up with after their discussion.

They would first have to find a way to break open the seal that closed off the Heaven Wasteland Domain and would have to do so at all costs in order to attempt to contact Ye Qingyu.

While they were trying to figure out how to break the seal that closed off their domain, there was a sudden burst of light in the sky above Snow Capital. The dark clouds and dark colors of the firmament vanished, then the Light Palace seemed like a bright sun that drove away the clouds as it appeared and slowly descended down onto the imperial city.

"Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu must have returned."

"Greetings, Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu!"

Excited cheers rose all over Snow Capital like a tsunami.

Ye Qingyu's name resounded throughout the current age and everyone within the Heaven Wasteland Domain treated him like a god. Thus, when they saw this scene, they quickly fell onto their knees and cheered loudly. It didn't matter what day of the year it was but as long as it was related to Ye Qingyu, it was like a day of celebration to these countless officials and citizens of the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

The senior officials of the empire were overjoyed and immediately rushed over to Light City as fast as they could.

If the Light Palace had returned, did that mean that the enemy had been vanquished? The Empress, Lin Zheng, and the others should have returned too. Did they return safely?

The Light Palace slowly descended on the sky above the fiery springs within Light City.

The stone stairs automatically descended one at a time.

The gates to the temple opened and a silver light splashed outward.

Everyone's attention was drawn to the gates that were wide open.

Then, they saw a handsome man with long, black hair, and robes that were as white as jade slowly walk out of the gates.

"This isn't the Empress, is it?"

The senior officials of the empire who knelt at the fire tree woods were slightly taken aback for a moment, but they quickly realized that this handsome man was none other than the god of the empire, Lord Ye Qingyu.

They all became extremely excited.

Then, they saw that their gorgeous and authoritative Empress had also walked out of the Light Palace along with Ye Qingyu. Lin Zheng, Yu Feiyan, Wang Li, and the other authoritative figures of the empire slowly emerged after Ye Qingyu and the Empress. Everyone was accounted for and they weren't injured either; they had returned home safely.

The senior officials immediately realized that Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu must have managed to rush back to the Heaven Wasteland Domain in time, turned the situation around, and rescued everyone—their speculations were correct, but the entire process had been far more dangerous and riskier than they could ever imagine.

"Long live the Empress and Lord Ye Qingyu!" the senior officials cried out as they finally relaxed.

These officials thought that it would have been a disaster if the empire were to descend into chaos—only ambitious men would wish to take advantage of chaos to crown themselves as kings and not everyone harbored such thoughts. This was also proof that most people yearned for peace and harmony.

These senior officials left after they delivered their greetings.

They usually weren't allowed to enter the Light Palace in times of peace.

Empress Yu Xiaoxing soon led Lin Zheng and the others away as well.

Yu Xiaoxing was extremely excited to have been reunited with Ye Qingyu after so many years and wanted to constantly spend time by his side, but she knew that he would need to rest and recuperate after such an intense battle to heal the internal injuries that he had sustained. She would also need to return to the imperial city to resume her governance of the empire and settle the panic that had been caused by the recent incidents.

Soon, silence returned to Light City.

Ye Qingyu had arranged for Lan Tian and the others to temporarily remain in Light City.

Bai Yuanxing went to catch up with his old friends and informed Mother Wu that Li Ying and Li Qi were safe and sound.

Ximen Yeshui eagerly dragged Li Changkong out to experience the nightlife within the imperial city while Wen Wan wondered if his favorite food stalls were still in operation. This crazy noodle fanatic had rushed out immediately to eat noodles while the chubby Wang Li immediately itched to start gambling and went to find the soldiers under his command to gamble.

Empress Shui Xiu also remained in the Light City on a temporary basis while Ye Qingyu remained at the Light Palace and locked himself in self-isolation.

He finally remembered who the blurry figure who had rescued the Sky Emperor was.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1260:


Chapter 1274 - The Unparalleled Sovereigns

Back when Marquis Tingtao Lin Xuan had attacked the rebel troops at the Fire Province, he chanced upon the Expansion Way of the Universe and said that he saw many events of the ancient past. Ye Qingyu was almost certain that rebellion against the Divine Light Emperor was what Lin Xuan had seen. Lin Xuan had also mentioned that many unparalleled sovereigns from different time periods had gathered to ambush that peerless figure...

Therefore, the blurry figure who rescued the Sky Emperor at the torrent of space and time today must have been one of the unparalleled sovereigns from a different time period.

He had only caught a glimpse of the blurry figure's silhouette and appearance, but this was enough proof for him to be certain that he had been part of the ambush.

Ye Qingyu felt pressurized by this discovery.

According to Lin Xuan, those unparalleled sovereigns were once true divine kings, demonic kings, and other sovereigns who had presided over an era. They were not from this time period but they didn't mind paying a high price and even risked being attacked by the Heavenly Dao when they messed around with time and space on the Heavenly Dao, because they felt threatened by the Divine Light Emperor. They joined forces to attack the Divine Light Emperor to nip that threat in the bud.

Ye Qingyu couldn't understand why these peerless sovereigns from a different time period would feel threated by the Divine Light Emperor. His understanding of the Divine Light Emperor barely scratched the surface, so he could not make a clear judgement.

He also guessed that these unparalleled sovereigns might have incited the Sky Emperor to stage a rebellion.

It was very possible that these unparalleled sovereigns had made use of the Sky Emperor in the past.

He was sure that the Sky Emperor also knew that he was a mere pawn in their plans, but he was extremely ambitious and allowed them to make use of him. Thus, he risked sleeping with the enemy and embarked on a different path that ultimately brought about the collapse of the Divine Light Court.

The Sky Emperor was a very valuable pawn to these unparalleled sovereigns, both in the past and in the present.

Otherwise, the blurry figure of an unparalleled sovereign would have not shown up today to rescue the Sky Emperor.

"I have to understand what happened in the past and perhaps, the key to unlocking this mystery lies with Lan Tian," Ye Qingyu mused as an idea came to him.

Then, he cast aside all distractions and sat cross-legged within the formation of the Light Palace, as he recuperated and healed himself of his wounds in self-isolation.

The battle with the Sky Emperor had been fierce and intense. If it weren't for the World Tree unleashing abundant energy at the very last moment, he might have been defeated. However, to a combat genius like Ye Qingyu, the more intense and fierce the battle was, the more effective it would be for his future development. He had cultivated a habit where he would immediately take some time after a battle to analyze the positive and negative points of each battle.

This time, he wanted to understand and reflect on the miraculous effects of the World Tree.

Evidently, the World Tree contained a massive power and since this power could cause slight changes in his Emperor qi and also crush the most powerful attack of the Sky Emperor, this meant that it was something more powerful than Emperor qi. He figured that he might be able to become even stronger if he could comprehend the mystery behind this, and even peek into a cultivation realm that surpassed a Martial Emperor.

He peered into his dantian world.

There was an abundant ocean in this vast world where giant yuan qi waves howled across the ocean and moved like a tsunami. The World Tree was located on an island in the middle of this ocean. This island was the largest island dantian world and all yuan qi waves would disappear when they came within a thousand-kilometer radius of the island. At the same time, the waves were also much calmer around the green islands that were formed from the leaves of the World Tree. Divine herbs grew abundantly; the place constantly throbbed with abundant life force that would then become part of his yuan qi and Emperor qi.

The World Tree had been slightly damaged after the previous battle—hundreds of leaves were scattered everywhere.

If the life force contained within one leaf was so powerful that it could resurrect Liu Shaji, then how much more precious were a hundred leaves from the World Tree?

However, a hundred leaves weren't that significant to the leafy and towering World Tree, which appeared as if it could support the weight of the heavens.

He took a closer look and discovered to his surprise that the leaves that had been shaken off the World Tree during the battle did not transform into green islands like the other leaves that had fallen naturally. Instead, they drifted along with the current and gradually sank to the bottom of his yuan qi ocean, then several strange underwater plants silently grew on the seabed.

"This is truly a miraculous sight," Ye Qingyu exclaimed in wonder.

He had once visited the south ocean territory of the Heaven Wasteland Domain and knew that mysterious underwater plants would grow in the depths of true oceans, but he didn't expect to see this phenomenon in his own yuan qi ocean. Did this mean that certain hypotheses and rumors about the martial way were accurate? Will a martial artist only reach the maximum limits of his cultivation when his dantian world transformed into a new domain?

Moreover, he could tell that after these underwater plants appeared in his yuan qi ocean, the waves in the ocean seemed to be imbued with greater vitality. As they constantly throbbed with this newfound vigor, just like the herbs that grew on the green islands, they silently transformed his Emperor qi.

He didn't need to cultivate to increase his strength when he was in such a vast environment; his strength silently soared.

The Nameless Quasi-emperor had once said when they met in the Underworld that after the World Tree had matured, it would stop frantically absorbing energy from its host, but it would start to exhibit strange and miraculous benefits. The Nameless Quasi-emperor had been right after all. After countless Martial Emperors and brilliant martial artists had sacrificed themselves to nourish the World Tree, Ye Qingyu alone had reaped all the benefits.

He felt a little uneasy, but he was also filled with gratitude.

I should find some time to head back to find the Nameless
Quasi-emperor
and the others and try to figure out if there's any way I'd be able to resurrect them... I hope Liu Shaji will be able to come back to life. If all goes smoothly, this would bode well for any future resurrections,
Ye Qingyu thought.

The moment this thought occurred to him, the World Tree seemed to sense his thoughts and its towering canopy rustled as it swayed and it gave off happy vibes, as though it was responding to him.

Ye Qingyu was surprised by its reaction.

The World Tree evidently still remembered the experts who had once nourished it.

Ye Qingyu gradually cast aside the distracting thoughts in his mind and exerted the nameless breathing technique. He deliberately attempted to use and exert that meager life force within his dantian world and then let it mix with his Emperor qi. Then, he moved this combination of forces throughout his body in accordance with the nameless breathing technique; after continuously exerting this technique and moving these forces around his body, he finally merged them into his blood and body.

He had also sustained several injuries from his battle with the Sky Emperor that would take some time to heal.

Time flew by.

Approximately three days later, he finally ended his period of rest.

His physical injuries had completely healed while the injuries of his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] had also mostly disappeared.

He slowly stood up in the Light Palace and he felt more powerful than ever before.

"I've already completely recovered while my strength has increased even more... If I were to battle the Sky Emperor again, I would be able to directly block his [God-Killing Slash] this time," he mused as he felt the strength flowing through his body. Now that he was so powerful, he wouldn't be able to gain much from simple cultivation, but rather, he would have to battle a true expert in order to effectively increase his strength.

"Now, I'll have to use this time to carefully understand the mysteries of the power contained within the World Tree," he said as he attempted to communicate with it.

His 'One Slash from the [Life Sword]' that he used against the Sky Emperor had only been a prototypical version, so he would now need to work on perfecting it.

After a person became an Emperor, he would be able to use the power of laws to produce millions of divine techniques and magical abilities, and imbue a simple move with supreme power. No matter how powerful the divine skills and mysterious techniques were in the mortal realm, they could not compare to a simple move by a Martial Emperor; this was why Martial Emperors were so powerful. However, as Martial Emperors continued to progress and cultivate, they would rediscover the importance of combat techniques. The combat techniques employed by Martial Emperors were known as Emperor techniques, and there were millions of them found in the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] in his bronze book, but none were able to stop the Sky Emperor's [God-Killing Slash].

This was because the [God-Killing Slash] was far more profound than the Emperor techniques contained in the [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

The [God-Killing Slash] was so powerful that it could be known as a fiendgod technique.

His 'One Slash from the [Life Sword]' was the prototypical version of the fiendgod technique he was developing for himself.

He needed to use this time to comprehend and craft his own personal fiendgod technique, to bring the power of his 'One Slash from the [Life Sword]' to another level. He didn't want to just surpass the [God-Killing Slash]; he wanted to defeat those unparalleled sovereigns who were controlling the Sky Emperor—it was clear from his exchange with the blurry figure at the torrent of time and space that these unparalleled sovereigns viewed Ye Qingyu with undisguised hostility.

After all, his origins and background were definitely connected to the Divine Light Emperor in some way.

"Damn it!" the feeble Sky Emperor let out an angry growl from the depths of the Ghostly Realm.

He laid in a pool of blood.

The pool of blood bubbled like a pot of boiling water and hot steam rose from it. White bones that had been scraped clean piled up horrifically like a mountain by this pool of blood. It was clear from the state of these bones that it hadn't been long since whoever had once possessed them had died. The feeble wisps of Emperor qi that circulated around them signified that these people had once been Emperor-level experts.

"I had to destroy those who I've painstakingly groomed for millions of years in a day, but this is the only way I'll be able to recover my strength," the Sky Emperor said with a sigh.

He had groomed hundreds of Martial Emperors in hopes of making use of their Emperor qi to fight for a chance to escape when the catastrophe came. However, everything had been destroyed after his battle with Ye Qingyu. If he hadn't been rescued at the very last moment, his soul would have been destroyed and then there would be nothing left to fight for.

The Sky Emperor calmed down after returning to his old nest.

He did not show that he had been severely weakened, but secretly formulated a plan. He immediately leveraged on the fear that these Martial Emperors of the past from the Dark Realm had always felt about him and led them into a trap. Then, he killed a hundred Martial Emperors of the past one at a time, then used their Emperor blood to fill this pool of blood to heal his wounds.

Time passed one day at a time.

He had recovered around sixty to seventy percent of his former strength.

His formerly dark blue soul had turned as red as blood.

A shadow suddenly fell over the Ghostly Realm and a blurry but terrifying figure gradually appeared as he led the forces that were almost destroyed throughout the entire realm and landed beside the pool of blood.

"You have disappointed us," the blurry figure said.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

