Chapter 1013:


Chapter 1028 - Do You Still Remember?


"It's you?"

Ye Qingyu looked at the person who guarded the fifth checkpoint in astonishment.

The fifth checkpoint was located in a relatively flat valley that was two meters wide. The rocks on both sides of the valley were at least one hundred meters tall and there were many oddly-shaped rocks that poked out as though it was a training ground for horses that was riddled with traps. This path was approximately one thousand meters long and a glimmer of light could be seen at the end of the one thousand meters. This meant that the path after this valley would be extremely flat and would lead right to the top of Capital Sky Peak.

The guardian of the fifth checkpoint had surprisingly turned out to be an old acquaintance.

He was Mo Jin, the round-faced Prince of the Demon Spider Race.

Such a long time had passed since he last saw this Prince of the Demon Spider Race that he had almost forgotten all about this character. The Prince of the Demon Spider Race used to be an influential figure throughout the Clear River Domain in the past but his cultivation was only of Immortal Step realm. Now that Ye Qingyu knew that he was invincible against those whose cultivation was below Quasi-emperor realm, he had naturally forgotten about those who used to pose a threat toward him. He had even forgotten all about the Demon Spider Race.

The round-faced Prince had grown shorter and fatter since the last time they met and his face was also chubbier. His long black robes were full of strange gold patterns and he stood quietly in the middle of the valley and looked at Ye Qingyu mischievously.

He had clearly taken great pleasure in Ye Qingyu's surprise.

"Wa ha ha, I bet you didn't think I would be the guardian of the fifth checkpoint," the round-faced Prince said with a smile and greeted him as though he was greeting an old friend instead of an opponent who he was about to engage in a life and death battle with.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

He hadn't expected it.

He hadn't expected it at all.

The round-faced Prince who he used to know was definitely not powerful enough to appear in such a place.

However, the round-faced Prince now…

Ye Qingyu sized him up seriously for a moment and immediately knew that the round-faced Prince was now definitely worthy of being the guardian of the fifth checkpoint.

He had become stronger.

He had become exceptionally strong.

A dark force that was as abundant as the thunderclouds in a deep abyss surged within his body. As he stood there loftily, his strength was extremely profound with no end in sight. Ye Qingyu felt that if the Prince unleashed a little bit of his strength, he would release an unstoppable force that would be like black clouds crushing down on an entire city.

"You must be very puzzled,” the round-faced Prince said with his trademark lazy smile. He stretched and continued, "Ha ha, in the past, I wouldn't have been able to stand here, so why have I suddenly become so strong? Have you already sensed the powerful dark force within me? I'm guessing that you've naturally come to the conclusion that I've been transformed by the dark forces just like the Greater One Sect and Yang Wanqu, right?"

Was I wrong?

Ye Qingyu carefully probed at the Prince's aura and discovered that there was a minor difference.

While it was true that the force within the round-faced Prince was a dark force, but it strangely lacked the cruel and violent tendencies that manifested in the dark forces of the Greater One Spiritual Master, Yang Wanqu and the others. Instead, this dark force was purer than any dark force he had come across and even more mysteriously, there was a trace of righteousness within this dark force, as though it was so dark that it had become the light.

"You mean to say that you’re not part of the same gang that the Greater One Spiritual Master and Yang Wanqu belonged to?" Ye Qingyu asked.

He recalled what happened during his last encounter with the round-faced Prince.

They had met after Ye Qingyu had stunned Clear River Domain with three sword moves. The round-faced Prince had specially made a trip down to Flowing Light City and met with him outside the city gates. It had been their first meeting but Mo Jin immediately spoke about Ye Qingyu's past and even knew about the White Deer Academy, Deer City, Light Palace, and so on. The Prince's knowledge about his past surprised him and immediately put him on his guard.

It was also during their first meeting when Mo Jin told Ye Qingyu that he didn't dare to attack him. He implied that there was a higher being who wanted to protect Ye Qingyu and according to what the Prince said the last time, this so-called higher being was extremely influential and exceedingly terrifying, someone who even the Demon Spider Race back then didn't dare to offend.

Ye Qingyu had mulled over these words later but he hadn't been able to solve this puzzle.

Back then, he definitely hadn't come into contact nor interacted with any extremely powerful figures, especially not anyone that the Demon Spider Race that held the Immortal God Emperor Sect and the Greater One Sect in contempt could be so afraid of. Ye Qingyu had racked his brains for an answer but failed to come up with a solution. He had ultimately treated it as a casual joke by this mischievous Prince.

Now that he thought about it…

"Of course we're not part of the same gang. Don't lump me together with those creatures," Mo Jin said contemptuously, his voice dripping with disdain for the Greater One Spiritual Master and Yang Wanqu.

"Yet, you've appeared in this place with the same kind of dark energy flowing within your body and blocking my path just as they did," Ye Qingyu said, deliberately fishing for more information.

However, the round-faced Prince Mo Jin didn't fly into a rage like the previous time. He merely laughed and said, "I clearly have my own reasons for doing so. Also, don't tell me with your current ability, you're unable to discern that the dark energy flowing within me comes from the true source. The difference between my power and their fake energy is… Forget it, let's battle first. If you win this battle, I'll let you pass. Ha ha ha, to be honest, I've wanted to beat you up for a long time. I won't have another chance to do so once I miss this opportunity."

Then, he opened his mouth and spat out a ray of black arrow light.

Ye Qingyu pinched his fingers and wielded them like a sword. He waved his hand and released a flash of sword light.

The black arrow light was immediately torn into two.

This was when he noticed that it wasn't an arrow but a black spider web that was as thick as the hair of a human but it was extremely supple and contained the purest form of the dark force. It might have been torn apart by Ye Qingyu's sword palm but the Divine Emperor sword will contained within his sword light had also been shattered.

They were evenly matched.

Ye Qingyu was extremely stunned after their initial exchange.

He had already sensed that Mo Jin's strength had surged significantly but he was astonished to discover just how much Mo Jin had improved.

"Ha ha ha, you must be very shocked, right?" Mo Jin barked out an arrogant laugh. Then, he moved and countess black arrows shot out from his palm and ceaselessly ripped into both sides of the valley at an incredible speed. Instantly, the entire valley was filled with thin, black spider webs that couldn't be seen with the naked eye. He had set up a spider web that was meant for hunting and sealed off all points of escape. He then quickly drew closer to Ye Qingyu and said, "Quick, stick out your head and let me give you a good beating. I've been wanting to beat you up for some time."

Ye Qingyu's face was grim.

Mo Jin had clearly come prepared and laid out his [Demon Spider Hunting Web] in the middle of the valley. The spider silk covered the entire area and was as thin as a sliver of light, so it almost couldn't be seen by the naked eye, but it was extremely destructive and was like sharp knives that contained hidden dangers. If an average peak Saint expert walked into it in a moment of carelessness, he would have been torn into shreds by the invisible spider silk.

[Spider Silk Killing Formation].

This was one of the innate remarkable talents of the Demon Spider Race.

The blood of the Demon Spider Race flowed within Mo Jin's body and he had this special ability unique to his race so his speed was unaffected by the Quasi-emperor's force field. Instead, he took to this environment like a duck took to water and used the spider silk to continually change locations. His figure flashed and continually appeared like a black shadow while his movements were extremely mysterious.

"Ha ha, careful there," He suddenly appeared behind Ye Qingyu and opened up his palms. Two claw-like spikes immediately formed from his black spider silk and shot toward the back of Ye Qingyu's head.

The claw-like spikes were short and sharp. These almost invisible weapons were best suited for such an environment.

Ye Qingyu didn't even move but sword will formed automatically at the back of his head and sword qi was unleashed. In a flash of bright light, the sword qi shredded Mo Jin's figure into pieces but it turned out to be only an illusory figure. At the same time, Mo Jin reappeared in front of Ye Qingyu and the claw-like spikes were silently about to pierce his eyes.

"You'll never be able to hit my face if you employ such methods," Ye Qingyu said as he waved his hands.

A ray of sword light slashed across the Void.

Mo Jin's figure was once again hacked into pieces.

After battling the three master swordsmen at the fourth checkpoint, Ye Qingyu had comprehended a new true essence of swordsmanship. His current strength meant that he was as skilled as the three master swordsmen in terms of his ability to adapt his sword movements. He would be able to accurately see through the secrets of all sword techniques and he could produce the highest form of sword technique with any thought that flashed past his mind. He could turn the simplest move into a complicated one and likewise, would be able to simplify a complicated move. He could control all these mentally.

This was known as using one sword to overcome ten thousand techniques.

Ye Qingyu was now so powerful that he would be able to generate legendary and remarkable powers with a casual attack.

Since he was such a remarkable swordsman, Mo Jin's [Spider Silk Killing Formation] was completely unable to pin him down. Even if Ye Qingyu didn't move from his spot, he would still be able to display sharp swordsmanship skills within his tiny space to remain undefeated. The dark spider silk that Mo Jin was so proud of was also unable to block Ye Qingyu's sword light.

This was the remarkable advantage of swordsmanship.

Unless his opponent was a Quasi-emperor who would then be able to draw on his incredibly powerful strength to shatter Ye Qingyu's sword.

Quasi-emperors could use their power to overcome techniques.

Otherwise, very few people would be able to defeat Ye Qingyu with their battle skills.

"Aye, what a pity that I still can't hit your face," Mo Jin made several hundred attempts but each attempt had ended in failure. His face fell and he looked extremely upset as he quickly retreated and put some distance between them. Then, his fingers tapped on the Void as though he was playing a piano to produce an illusory handprint. "Retract," he cried out and the spider silk that covered the entire valley was summoned back to his palm.

"Go ahead."

A look of frustration appeared on his round face as he moved to let Ye Qingyu pass.

"Is this it?" Ye Qingyu took a few steps forward and asked, "Why do I have a feeling that you're handling this very sloppily? Aren't you afraid that the Four Stars Sect would come after you?"

"Since I can't defeat you, what else do you expect me to do?" Mo Jin recalled his spider silk and said calmly, "I don't want to put my life on the line to battle you, so the only thing I can do is to allow you to pass."

Ye Qingyu wanted to ask what he meant by his earlier sentence but when he noticed how depressed the round-faced Prince was, he decided that he wouldn't be able to get much out of the Prince either. His priority was to get to the peak so he nodded and continued his path up the mountain without saying anything else.

He had passed the fifth checkpoint.

The peak of the mountain was just up ahead.

I'm going to witness the battle of the Quasi-emperors.

Ye Qingyu felt a little nervous and uneasy.

He walked past the round-faced Prince.

All of a sudden, a mischievous look appeared the round-faced Prince's face. He didn't look back at Ye Qingyu but said with his back facing him, "Hey, someone wanted me to ask you. Do you still remember little Loli from the White Deer Academy?"

"What?" Ye Qingyu's body swayed and his expression was extremely astonished as he turned to Mo Jin, "What… did you say?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1014:


Chapter 1029 – Someone Who Shouldn't Have Appeared at the Peak


Mo Jin asked this question very subtly but Ye Qingyu immediately understood what he meant.

Who else could Little Loli from the White Deer Academy be but Song Xiaojun?

"Who asked you to ask this question?"

Ye Qingyu was so emotional that his voice became a little shaky.

Song Xiaojun was very precious to him.

Every man would have a woman who they never would be able to forget, and the woman that Ye Qingyu was unable to forget was Song Xiaojun. Unfortunately, whatever happened to Song Xiaojun had been far too extraordinary. She turned from the shy Little Loli into the mistress of the Unmoving City of Darkness, and the awakening of her blood had also caused her to lose her memories.

Despite the recent elevation of his status, Ye Qingyu had never given up his search for Song Xiaojun, but to his disappointment, he had not been able to make any progress.

The Unmoving City of Darkness was like a taboo name throughout the Vast Thousand Domains, and even though he was now the third deputy spokesperson of the Human Race, there were still limits to his authority that prevented him from finding out more.

"Oh, some woman named Wang Jianru asked me to pose this question to you."

The round-faced Prince turned around and studied Ye Qingyu's expression with interest. Then, he exclaimed regretfully, as though he had suddenly thought of something, "If I had known that I could have gotten such an intense reaction from you with this simple question, I would have abruptly brought it out when we were battling earlier. I might have even been able to land a hit to your face if you were distracted enough. That was a true misstep on my part."

Ye Qingyu ignored the Prince.

Wang Jianru?

Was it her?

That was a name from his distant past.

The female sword immortal had left a deep impression on him.

She had been Wang Yan, the female instructor at White Deer Academy. Her looks were average and there was nothing particularly outstanding about her, so many students at the academy had secretly made fun of her. However, after the incident with Song Xiaojun, the average-looking Wang Yan suddenly transformed into a female sword immortal with matchless beauty and stunned Deer City with one sword.

Ye Qingyu realized that he was still overcome with astonishment when he thought back to that scene.

His martial way had yet to form back in those days, but now that he looked back at his memory of that scene, he was still amazed by her sword. The swordsmanship that Wang Jianru had displayed was comparable to the swordsmanship displayed by the three Great Saints at the fourth checkpoint. In fact, it had an added layer of charm and appeal compared to the three master swordsmen.

He had also tried to find out more about Wang Jianru.

Unfortunately, he had also come back empty-handed.

It was obvious from Mo Jin's words that he knew Wang Jianru.

"Where is she?"

Ye Qingyu asked anxiously.

Mo Jin turned his hands up and shrugged his shoulders as he said with a wry smile, "The last time I saw her was a month ago. She was at the Unmoving City of Darkness then. I'm sure you've heard about the Unmoving City of Darkness, right? I'm not exactly sure where she is right now though."

Ye Qingyu looked at him and saw that the round-faced Prince was telling the truth.

"Are you also connected to the Unmoving City of Darkness? Is that why you said you didn't dare to attack me the previous time?" he asked as he started to put the pieces together.

Mo Jin shot him a sly smile and he looked very proud of himself, which was at odds with his cowardly appearance, "You should've figured that out earlier. The Demon Spider Race comes from darkness and was already part of the Dark Race a long time ago, since the Fiendgod Age. We're obviously connected to the Unmoving City of Darkness."

Realization dawned on him.

It all made sense now.

He had not considered it from that angle at all and did not connect the Demon Spider Race to the Unmoving City of Darkness, so his investigation naturally did not focus on this connection at all. Otherwise, he might have already obtained a lot more information.

Mo Jin's tremendous surge in power must have been related to the Unmoving City of Darkness as well.

"The Unmoving City of Darkness… Where is it exactly?"

Ye Qingyu finally blurted out curiously.

This was something that he had been dying to find out.

"I can't tell you that," Mo Jin immediately answered.

Then, he jumped in fright when he noticed that Ye Qingyu looked as though he was about to attack, and hastily tacked on, "Relax, I know you're looking for somebody. There's no need to get so worked up about it because the Unmoving City of Darkness will soon reappear on the Road of Chaos. Naturally, you'll be able to see her again… Also, she will personally answer all the questions that you've been wanting to ask, and she is the only person who'll be able to answer your questions. If I dare to say anything else, I'll die a tragic death."

The chubby Mo Jin immediately ran out of the valley with a hop and a skip, looking terribly afraid.

Ye Qingyu knew that he would not be able to get any more information from Mo Jin, so he did not attack him.

Some of his uncertainty had been cleared up, but he still had many questions that remained unanswered.

Most importantly, Mo Jin mentioned that he was not part of the same gang as the Greater One Spiritual Master and Yang Wanqu, yet he was still assigned to be the guardian of the fifth checkpoint. This showed that he was part of the Four Stars Sect's [Camp]. Did that also mean that the Unmoving City of Darkness had also formed an alliance with the Four Stars Sect? This was not something he wanted to see.

He remained standing where he was and exerted his nameless breathing technique to steady his mental state. Soon afterward, he calmed down.

He would put everything aside for now because his top priority was to first scale to the top of Capital Sky Peak. If he could not change the outcome of this battle, everything else would be like a fanciful pipe dream.

He walked out of the valley.

There was a wide stone path ahead.

The terrifying Quasi-emperor pressure had suddenly disappeared.

Everything had reverted back to normal.

The strangest thing was that all the wind and snow had also disappeared, even at this high of an altitude. Instead, it was warm, and the stones on the mountain path were dry. Normally, the mountaintop would be the coldest part of the mountain and would be covered by snow all year round, yet it was the complete opposite here. There was not a trace of wind or snow, nor were there any flora or fauna. The only thing that he could see was the ochre rocks.

Did the Dao battle between
Quasi-emperor
s cause the climate at the mountaintop to change?

He walked slowly but with determination as he continued to recalibrate his body.

He reached the end of the mountain path after an hour.

He had finally arrived at the peak.

The top of Capital Sky Peak was not very big and it took up an area of roughly 6 thousand square meters. Rocks and stones were scattered haphazardly all over the soil and it did not look like the majestic peak from his imagination. Rather, it looked more like a plot of land with unmarked graves that rarely welcomed any visitors.

All of this did not matter.

What mattered were the people at the peak.

He looked up and was left gaping in shock.

Contrary to his expectations, it was not only [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], Quasi-emperor Mushan, and the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect who were at the peak, but there were also dozens of other spectators. He did not see the earth-shattering, Dao battle scene that he had been expecting either. Instead, there was not a single trace of energy that leaked out, nor was there any sign of wind.

These three Quasi-emperors stood in a triangle and they were extremely silent, their faces devoid of any expression.

These three figures each represented the pinnacle of power in this generation.

He was absolutely sure that if any one of these Quasi-emperors released a shred of energy, the majestic Capital Sky Peak would be completely destroyed.

However, there was no sign of energy waves emitting from the bodies of these three Dao emperors.

Their hair and their clothes did not move at all and everything was perfectly still. They could be mistaken for extremely realistic statues at first glance.

Everyone else stood around the outer fringes and kept a distance of about one hundred meters from the Quasi-emperors.

These people also remained absolutely still, as though they had been struck by some mysterious charm. They neither spoke nor breathed and they were like statues. It was as though they were frozen in time and everything had stopped at that particular moment.

The scene was incredibly odd.

Ye Qingyu was immediately on high-alert.
What is going on?

What happened here?

His gaze moved away from the three Quasi-emperors and examined everyone at the peak. As expected, he saw Four Stars holy girl, and was slightly surprised to see the successor of the Sky Meteor Sect. Then, he saw a few unfamiliar faces, but he was certain that they held lofty positions. But then, he saw…

"Hmm? Isn't that… the million-year-old soul?"

He spotted a familiar figure. It was the million-year-old soul who had merged with the Immortal Body.

He should've known that the million-year-old soul would be here.

That's odd.
His heart suddenly dropped when he realized that these people must have had to pass the five checkpoints to arrive at the peak as well. The guardians of the various checkpoints were still alive after these people had passed, but he had killed four experts from the Four Stars Sect on his way up… Did that mean that he was already consumed by such bloodthirst without realizing it?

I've sinned.

This thought flashed past his mind, then his attention returned to the million-year-old soul, who stood motionless just like everyone else, as though he had been fossilized.

He was about to approach the million-year-old soul secretly to greet him and use this opportunity to find out more when something caught his eye. Then, his mouth gaped open in disbelief and he was left completely dumbfounded.

He had spotted someone else.

Someone who should have definitely never been able to make it here.

Nan Tieyi.

Ye Qingyu was sure that the person standing next to a yellow rock was Nan Tieyi, the young lord of the Immortal God Emperor Sect who had mysteriously vanished at the [Seven Elements Relief Palace]. He would recognize his friend anywhere. Even if Nan Tieyi's back was facing him, he would still be able to recognize him.

How… could this be?

What had happened to Nan Tieyi?

He could not believe that Nan Tieyi was here.

He could not believe his eyes.

Did he have some miraculous encounter?

Now that he was certain that Nan Tieyi was alive, Ye Qingyu was extremely excited. He forgot about everything else and strode up to Nan Tieyi, then raised his hand to gently pat his shoulder. He was just about to say something when a terrifying force exploded from Nan Tieyi's shoulder which blew his arm into a bloody mist.

What a frightening force.

He was extremely shocked and immediately retreated at the speed of light. At the same time, his blood qi circulated and his shredded arm immediately grew back.

What just happened?

His physical cultivation was outrageously strong and he knew that he would rank amongst the top in that aspect. Legendary divine weapons would not be able to injure him even if they hacked at his arm, so he was surprised to find that the five-element force from Nan Tieyi's body could have turned his arm into a bloody mist so easily. How could that possibly happen?

Something was wrong.

This force did not originate from Nan Tieyi.

Rather…

He was no fool and had already realized that something was wrong.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1015:


Chapter 1030 – The True Dao Battle Between Quasi-emperors


He didn't dare to touch Nan Tieyi again.

He had already noticed that this terrifying Quasi-emperor force wasn't just on Nan Tieyi but it was also hidden within the rest of the crowd. This force had the power to block out all evil and even if a small fly landed on one of those men in the crowd, it would immediately be turned to ashes.

This force was very peculiar since it didn't originate from the martial artist’s own yuan qi, neither was it from a formation… it seemed more similar to the power of laws.

With such incredible power protecting these people, no one present would be injured even if they were faced with a sudden and unexpected attack… If he thought about it from this angle, this power seemed to be protecting everybody at Capital Sky Peak and guaranteed that their physical bodies would remain intact even if they were attacked by external forces in their current state.

Now the question was, how did they end up in such a state in the first place?

Was this the Dao battle between Quasi-emperors?

If so, there might possibly be some deviation from his understanding of how a Dao battle should be fought.

He tested out his hypothesis and just as he thought, even the Four Stars holy girl was enveloped by this peculiar force. He also noticed that the stronger the external force, the larger the feedback force from this peculiar force would be.

He remained standing where he was and started to mull over the things he had missed earlier.

Since their physical bodies required protection, didn't this mean that their spirit had already left their bodies? The fact that they were motionless seemed to prove his point. Could this also mean that the true Dao battle between Quasi-emperors wasn't here but it was somewhere else?

The more he thought about it, the more plausible it seemed.

The Quasi-emperor's authority was exceedingly powerful so if these three Quasi-emperors exchanged blows on Capital Sky Peak, it wouldn't only affect the Wei River Mountain Range but even the entire Clear River Domain could be destroyed. Had they chosen another method to decide who would emerge victorious?

What method could that be?

An out-of-body battle?

He gave this matter some careful thought, then he stood beside a rock, closed his eyes and activated his nameless breathing technique. As his spirit calmed, he carefully probed and sensed everything around the top of Capital Sky Peak. At first, everything seemed perfectly normal, then he gradually sensed some odd spiritual energy waves that didn't seem to be of this world. He was overjoyed but soon forced himself to remain calm and entered into a state of oblivion.

Then, he released a wisp of his spirit.

Immediately, something strange happened.

A strange sensation welled up within him in space and it was as though he could hear the whispers of the Mountain Rivers, the songs of the stars in the sky, the spiritual energy that flowed like rushing waves within the universe. He felt as though he had reached the pinnacle of the martial way and every single pore on his body sighed in contentment just like a gate that he had previously failed to notice was gradually opening up.

Suddenly, his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] within his dantian world moved, then it vanished.

He was so shocked that he immediately opened his eyes.

Boom!

He saw a gigantic planet explode before his eyes.

A single finger had caused the explosion of the planet.

This finger was unbelievably huge and it had the power to cause a planet to explode. He had a feeling that this was as easy as cracking an egg to the owner of this finger and as he witnessed an entire planet explode and watched its lands and core turn into smithereens that floated in the Void of the universe. It was hard to put his astonishment into words.

He soon found the owner of that finger.

It was Quasi-emperor Mushan.

Quasi-emperor Mushan's body was unbelievably huge at that moment. Raging flames still consumed several planets that floated in space and they resembled the burning suns of the Vast Thousand Domains, yet in front of Quasi-emperor Mushan, they were incredibly small. It was like an egg next to an average human. His hands could pinch any one of these planets and they would immediately explode.

How could that be?

He was completely astonished.

Was this the true remarkable ability of a Quasi-emperor?

"Li Xiaofei, you've really angered me," Quasi-emperor Mushan roared angrily and strange sound waves could actually be seen in space. He grabbed the planet besides him and the power of Emperor Laws swirled around his palm as he immediately refined this planet, transformed it into a destructive ball of light, and then flung it out.

Boom!

A planet shot out like a comet.

Ye Qingyu's gaze followed the direction of the comet and immediately cheered in joy.

He saw the green-robed Li Xiaofei sitting cross-legged in the Void some distance away and his body was like an ancient deity. He was larger than Quasi-emperor Mushan and his figure that was sitting cross-legged was already as large as Quasi-emperor Mushan who stood in the Void. An endless stream of nebula swirled around him and these stars orbited around him like the moon in a mysterious and strange rhythm. As he sat there, this green-robed Quasi-emperor looked like the legendary one and true Buddha, his power vast and boundless.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] didn't even move from the spot and simply smacked out with his palm. Then the stream of stars and clouds circulated and the large planets shook as one, immediately turning that destructive ball of light into dust that disappeared from the universe.

"[Great Expansion Four Stars Extermination]!"

A clear, demonic-sounding voice rang out as the Four Stars Quasi-emperor made his appearance.

He was a middle-aged man of average looks with abundant black hair and was clad in a linen robe. The strange side of the Milky Way being suspended upside-down could be seen in his eyes and his body was also extremely large, like the ancient Titans and Giants of legends, comparable in size to Quasi-emperor Mushan but smaller than [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. He stood tall in the Void and clapped his hands that swirled with abundant flashes of lightning formations together, then an invisible force burst forth as though it had been catapulted by two invisible gates. It shot out toward the direction of where his hands pointed and immediately smashed countless planets and stars into smithereens.

This terrifying force hurtled toward [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] closed his eyes and remained cross-legged. His hands transformed into the shape of palms that were devoid of any formationss, and pushed these palms out slightly as though he was closing a gate.

Boom!

The nebula that swirled around him and countless large planets shuddered as one. Then an invisible force surged and destroyed the Four Stars Quasi-emperor’s attack with an earth-shattering boom.

However, Ye Qingyu perceptively noticed that one of the hundreds of planets that orbited around [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was also turned into ashes by this attack.

"Ha ha, Li Xiaofei, you might have used the stars and planets to form a formation and drew on the nebula to protect yourself, and turned a part of the universe into your own territory but you are already seriously injured and your primordial foundation has been damaged. How much of the mandate of heaven still remains in you? No matter how long you try to hang on, you're still destined to lose," Quasi-emperor Mushan laughed madly as his hair danced wildly, looking incredibly domineering. Purple divine light circulated in his eyes as he unleashed his deadly move – the [Mushan Purple].

Two rays of purple divine light ripped past the Void of the universe and burst out.

The Four Stars Quasi-emperor had also attacked at the same time and the power of the Emperor Dao circulated wildly.

Ye Qingyu's heart skipped a beat.

This… was the true Dao battle of Quasi-emperors.

They used the Void of the universe as their battlefield, the stars, nebula, and galaxies as weapons, and could truly be incredibly destructive. He wasn’t sure if there was life on those planets that had been destroyed but if there were, it was extremely tragic since these planets were instantly destroyed by the force of a Quasi-emperor's true power. Even ants died better deaths…

No wonder Emperors of the martial way who bore the mandate of heaven were known to be invincible since ancient times.

If Quasi-emperors had the ability to unleash such terrifying power, then just how much more powerful would an Emperor be?

A true Emperor would be able to instantly kill a Quasi-emperor with a single thought.

As he watched the battle unfold in front of him, he felt his mouth go dry. Bolts of lightning flashed past his mind and a tingling sensation ran up and down his entire body. He was completely astonished and as he watched the unbelievable battle in front of him, he suddenly felt that he still had a long, long way to go before he could reach the top of the martial way.

Boom! Boom Boom!

The terrifying battle continued.

He realized that this resembled an out-of-body experience. The true battlefield wasn’t at the top of Capital Sky Peak of Clear River Domain but it was in the Void of this universe. This battle had already lasted eleven days.

Soon, he realized that something was odd.

It seemed like these planets… Weren’t that big either?

This ratio was extremely peculiar.

These planets seemed as small as eggs to these Quasi-emperors but to him, these planets were large balls with a radius of several hundred thousand meters. This wasn't the usual ratio – under normal circumstances, an ordinary human would look like sand next to a planet.

What's going on?

Were these planets fake?

Or… did I become bigger?

He had been so captivated by the Quasi-emperor battle in front of him that he hadn't noticed his surroundings. When he looked down, he suddenly realized that there was something odd about his body… it was like.it had truly grown bigger. However, other than these planets, there was no other object of reference in this Void of the universe, so he was unable to ascertain if he had truly grown bigger.

Suddenly, someone gently tapped his shoulder.

His hair immediately stood on end and he quickly reacted. A dazzling beam of sword light formed at the back of his head and charged at his attacker while he rushed forward and put some distance between them.

"What's there to be surprised at?"

A familiar voice rang out.

Ye Qingyu turned and was immediately overcome with joy.

It was the million-year-old soul.

The million-year-old soul was clearly more alert and more full of vitality than the last time they had met at the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. Gone were his sluggishness and strangeness and he looked more like a walking, living person. His face was a lot more expressive, a sign that he had gotten used to the Immortal Body and that the merging process had gone even more smoothly.

"Senior, you. What's going on here?" he asked after he sighed in relief.

The million-year-old soul flashed and re-appeared by his side. "I'm obviously here to watch these Quasi-emperors fight. It’s been such a long time since I’ve last witnessed a Dao battle of Quasi-emperors. Ha ha ha, I'm here to get in on the action… You're late, kid. They've been fighting for some time now before you arrived. If you arrived any later, Li Xiaofei would've been killed by them and this battle would have ended…"

Ye Qingyu was speechless.

"Senior, please help His Highness Xiaofei," he said sincerely.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1016:


Chapter 1031 – Today Is the Day to Fight to the Death


"Who? Me?" The million-year-old soul pointed at himself then laughed awkwardly. "If I were able to interfere in the Dao battle of Quasi-emperors, do you think the battle would've lasted this long?"

Ye Qingyu was stunned.

"After I became one with the Immortal Body, it was like I had been reborn and I had to start cultivating from the very beginning. The more complete the merging process became, the weaker I got. I've still got some way to go before I regain my previous cultivation and I can't rush this process, so I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to interfere in this Dao battle of Quasi-emperors," the million-year-old soul said frankly.

"But…" Ye Qingyu said in surprise. He thought back to how the million-year-old soul had once shocked Quasi-emperor Mushan with his power. The million-year-old soul's strength back then was comparable to a Quasi-emperor's.

"I know what you're thinking," the million-year-old soul said proudly. "That was a misunderstanding… I hadn't completed the merger between my spirit and the Immortal Body back then, but I was forced to halt the process in advance due to our dangerous predicament and reveal myself. I had only just entered the Immortal Body and needed large amounts of energy to sustain me, and the Immortal Body was like a black hole that could absorb all external forces. So the Immortal Body had absorbed both of Quasi-emperor Mushan's attacks to transform that energy from those attacks into an energy that I could use for the merging process… I didn't make any move to attack him. And you should also remember that this was when a strange chance had occurred within the Reincarnation Hall. This strange change was what had actually scared Quasi-emperor Mushan off. If that fellow had been more courageous, he would have killed us both."

It made sense now.

Ye Qingyu thought back to the events at that time and realized that the million-year-old soul was telling the truth. He truly had not attacked then, but instead, only took the brunt of the attacks by Quasi-emperor Mushan and absorbed the energy from them.

"What should we do?" Ye Qingyu asked anxiously.

Were they just going to stand there and watch as [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] perished after he exhausted all his energy?

If [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] perished, it would mark the rise of the Four Stars Sect. Then, the Heaven Wasteland Domain would immediately be doomed. There would be no way he would be able to turn the situation around because his life would also be in danger. After all, the Four Stars Sect now had a Quasi-emperor on their side who was able to have full oversight of the heavens and was powerful enough to dominate everywhere they went, so they would become the few supreme forces of the Vast Thousand Domains.

"If you want to help Li Xiaofei, you must make sure that you survive," the million-year-old soul said as he suddenly transformed into a ray of flowing light with a flash. "Be careful, you're now in the state of your [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger], and if you perish in the cosmic vacuum, your physical body at Capital Sky Peak would also die… I'm going to save myself first," he shouted out a warning.

Then, the million-year-old soul disappeared into the black Void.

Huh?

Ye Qingyu raised his hand thoughtlessly, at a complete loss for words.

He was not exactly able to put his finger on it, but after the million-year-old soul had merged with the Immortal Body, the million-year-old soul's temperament seemed to have undergone some sort of change. He had changed from an aloof ancient spirit to become friendlier and more welcoming. He even reminded Ye Qingyu of his old friends Hu Bugui and Wen Wan.

Was the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] his current form in this space?

Realization dawned.

No wonder he sensed his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] suddenly disappearing from his dantian world when he meditated earlier at the top of Capital Sky Peak. That must have been the handiwork of a Quasi-emperor, and they must have carved out a Void in space to send their [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] into the cosmic vacuum to battle. If the martial artist's comprehension and cultivation were strong enough after they entered the Quasi-emperor's force field, they could also make use of this opportunity to send their [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] into the cosmic vacuum.

This meant that the majestic bodies of the Quasi-emperors he witnessed earlier were the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger]s of all three Quasi-emperors, and this was also his current form.

This would also explain why he found it odd that these planets were merely like giant balls with a radius of ten thousand meters because his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] was indeed also as large as a giant.

But what did the million-year-old soul mean by the first part of his sentence?

Was he telling him to be careful not to get hit by the residual energy waves from the Dao battle of Quasi-emperors?

The more he thought about it, the warier he became. He started to retreat to avoid getting caught in the battle. All of a sudden, killing intent appeared without warning in the Void and hurtled straight toward his back. He immediately felt all his hair stand on end and sensed imminent danger.

"Sword!"

As he shouted, a protective sword qi immediately appeared like a divine light column to shield his body within it.

Boom!

The bright sword light shuddered.

He was sent flying thousands of meters away.

At his mental command, layers of ice swords appeared around him and interlocked themselves like silver feathers to instantly transform into a pair of gigantic sword fingers that trembled slightly in the Void. Then, he finally managed to steady himself. Cold light flashed in his hands and a pair of huge ice swords appeared. He crossed them together in the shape of an 'X' and hacked at the oncoming attack, which charged toward him like a shadow.

Clink! Clink! Clink!

Thin shock waves reverberated out and clusters of sparks flew everywhere.

"Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu's sword skills are matchless, just as I thought. You must be a master swordsman of our generation." His attacker did not continue to attack after her first attack failed, but immediately floated away. Nonetheless, her voice was extremely familiar and he knew that it was Four Stars holy girl.

He knew that this woman would be here.

However, he did not chase after her.

He remained floating in midair, looking contemplative.

After their sudden exchange of blows, he immediately discovered the advantages of battling with his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger]. His heart and body had already merged together perfectly without any sign of stagnation, so his doppelganger executed his martial arts moves even more perfectly than his physical self could. It was an excellent state to be battling in, as though all his worldly shackles had fallen off and he could move as freely as he liked.

The experts who were able to attain such a form were definitely the most highly skilled experts.

He suddenly understood why the three Quasi-emperors chose to battle with their doppelgangers. They must have wanted to clearly determine who lived or perished when they were in their most powerful form.

"Battling in this form would be a great opportunity for any martial artist because he would no longer be suppressed by the laws of the world and could comfortably and freely experience the mysteries of his martial arts techniques. He could also display them to their fullest potential without any hindrances!"

It all made sense to him now.

He carefully retreated, avoiding the major battle of the three Quasi-emperors in the distance. His silvery-white sword wings looked like the wings of a War God when he extended them, and the pair of giant ice swords in his hands made him seem extremely authoritative and heroic. He released his consciousness power in the surroundings and carefully observed the situation.

Since the million-year-old soul and Four Stars holy girl had appeared one after another, this meant that everyone else who was in a motionless state at the top of Capital Sky Peak would also be here. He searched urgently for Nan Tieyi.

Once his consciousness power was released, it could immediately extend to a distance of millions of kilometers.

His consciousness power was so frighteningly powerful when released by his current form that even he was shocked.

The boundless Void of the universe seemed to have no end, so the reach of his consciousness power was not terribly significant in such surroundings. His figure continually flashed as he kept switching locations, carefully avoiding the heart of the Quasi-emperor battlefield while searching for the others.

"Hmm? Isn't that the successor of the Sky Meteor Sect… Who is he battling?"

He discovered two huge figures and one of these doppelgangers was a three-headed giant with six arms that wielded six different divine weapons in his hands. This giant was currently battling a one-eyed green wolf that swirled with green radiance and was extremely savage. This wolf was probably a [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] of some Demon Race expert and it was that expert's true form. It was also incredibly huge.

The three-headed, six-armed doppelganger was probably the true appearance of the successor of the Sky Meteor Sect. This meant that despite taking on the appearance of humans, the experts of the Sky Meteor Sect were not actually from the current Human Race but from an ancient Human Race with three heads and six arms.

He did not interfere in their battle.

Instead, he drew away from them and continued his search.

Fifteen minutes later—

"Hmm? I've found him…" He had finally encountered Nan Tieyi.

Nan Tieyi was in the middle of a fierce battle.

His opponent was the person who launched a sneak attack on Ye Qingyu earlier—Four Stars holy girl.

Things were not looking good for Nan Tieyi either. Despite his tremendous surge in strength, he was injured. He wielded a huge long spear that Ye Qingyu had not seen before and stirred up boundless killing intent with it. Nonetheless, he still was no match for Four Stars holy girl and several injuries could be seen on his body while his blood splattered into space…

"Brother Nan Tieyi." Ye Qingyu flapped his sword wings and instantly rushed over.

The Four Stars holy girl's expression changed slightly when she noticed Ye Qingyu and her attacks grew even more urgent and fierce. Every move she made with her sword was deadly and she attacked ceaselessly, clearly wanting to kill Nan Tieyi before dealing with Ye Qingyu.

Swish!

Sword light flashed.

Nan Tieyi groaned. His arm had been hacked off and was sent flying.

"Bitch, are you courting death?" Ye Qingyu bellowed angrily. The sword wings on his back transformed into silver light that filled the sky and slithered wildly like a silver snake as it ruthlessly ripped through the air. Its momentum was as forceful as a hurricane and immediately engulfed Four Stars holy girl in its storm. Then, rays of intense energy waves reverberated out continually.

"Brother Ye Qingyu." Nan Tieyi greeted him with a smile.

Ye Qingyu drew closer and asked, "Brother Nan Tieyi, are you alright?"

He realized that the "blood" that he saw flowing out of Nan Tieyi's body was, in fact, the purest form of energy. It looked like liquid as it spilled out from his body into the cosmic vacuum. This was what it was like when the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] was injured because the doppelganger was merely a manifestation of the energy one cultivated, so it did not have any blood.

"I'm fine," Nan Tieyi said with a shake of his head.

His expression looked a little strange.

Soon afterward, a new arm grew out from his arm socket to replace the arm that had been hacked off and all his injuries instantly healed. But his doppelganger had shrunk significantly—the loss of the doppelganger's energy was similar to the loss of blood qi. If one's doppelganger lost too much energy, it would shrink, and once all its energy was exhausted, one's doppelganger would no longer be able to maintain its form. This was when it would vanish and die.

"Back at the [Seven Elements Relief Palace], Brother Nan Tieyi…" Ye Qingyu could not help asking.

Nan Tieyi had a strange expression on his face as he answered, "I'll tell you more about that later. We've got to deal with this first…"

Before he could finish his sentence—

Boom!

A terrifying force mushroomed from the distance and caused all the ice swords in the sky to disappear.

The Four Stars holy girl held the [Four Stars Sword] in her hand as she approached them. Her face hardened as she said, "Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu, I've shown you mercy on many occasions and have also attempted to attract talent such as yourself to our [Camp], but you have taken advantage of my admiration for you and you lack the awareness to retreat when it is time to do so. Not only that, but you have also ruined my plans many times, killed my subordinates, destroyed my doppelgangers… Don't you think you've gone too far? Do you really think that I'll never stop you?"

Ye Qingyu glanced at Nan Tieyi and suppressed the shred of doubt he had. Then, he turned to face Four Stars holy girl and said coldly, "Stop me? Haha… I can't believe you dared to say that you've shown me mercy… Alright, it's pointless talking to you. If not for the fact that you've been so evasive, we should have battled a long time ago. Why don't we have a life and death battle today?"

All the grudges and enmity they had toward each other could not be expressed in words.

He had long wanted to kill Four Stars holy girl for both official and personal reasons.

Today would be the day that they fought to the death.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

