Chapter 1289:


Chapter 1303, Plan

Ye Qingyu's statement was tantamount to letting these forces that came to provide assistance eat a mind-easing pill.

It was the promise of a Martial Emperor. This was simply a huge profit, not to mention that throughout the whole process, they had in fact not paid too much of a price, nor even participated in the fight. They simply only showed their stance. Kindness indeed gets rewarded.

“Martial... Martial Emperor Ye Qingyu, we meet again.” The round-faced Prince Mo Jin bowed respectfully.

The appearance of the Demon Spider Race this time was really a surprise to Ye Qingyu.

From the conversation, he learned that Mo Jin had become the Patriarch of the Demon Spider Race, and now, in the Clear River Domain, following the destruction of the Greater One Sect, the collapse of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, and the disappearance of the patriarch and descendant of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect, there were only the Demon Spider Race and the Hundred Flowers Valley that were considered as influential sects.

Ye Qingyu and the others returned to the Heaven Wasteland Building.

After a brief while, Ximen Yeshui brought the present chief envoy of the Human Race and others to the Heaven Wasteland Building.

At the same time the Quasi-emperor alliance led by the Four Stars Holy Girl made a move on the Heaven Wasteland Building, some other forces and races also attacked the Human Race alliance. The chief envoy of the Human Race and others, including Tang Chong, Lin Yutang and other White-robed Divine Guards were also soaked in blood. Fortunately, Ximen Yeshui came in time and killed all the experts that besieged the Human Race alliance and completely solved the crisis.

“Lord had become Emperor?” Tang Chong and others looked at Ye Qingyu with incomparable surprise.

They had a close relationship with Ye Qingyu, and had been through life and death together. To them it was absolutely enormous news that Ye Qingyu had become Emperor. It can be imagined that, with the support of a Martial Emperor, how strong the Human Race would be in the Domain Alliance. The hard times were indeed over and the good times were just beginning. It was as if they could see a new era belonging to the Human Race descending.

“Becoming Emperor is only the first step, now the laws of heaven and earth are undergoing great changes, the tide of power is still rising, and has not really reached the peak. Very soon, the Martial Emperor will not the highest peak of this world” Ye Qingyu sighed, “More importantly, the real enemy is coming, I, alone, cannot completely support this world.”

Tang Chong and the others, although slightly shocked, were not very concerned. They simply thought that Ye Qingyu was being modest, and were still incomparably excited.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything more.

Soon, envoys from all parties came to offer their congratulations.

There were suddenly endless streams of people around the completely deserted Heaven Wasteland Building these days. Many people were scrambling to come to offer their congratulations. Even forces that did not have a harmonious relationship with the Heaven Wasteland Domain before also rushed over pretending to be close.

In the Vast Thousand Domains, the tradition was that the emergence of a Martial Emperor basically represented the arrival of a peaceful and dispute-free golden era. Of course, the rise of the Human Race was inevitable. In the eyes of all living beings and powerful parties, Ye Qingyu was like a real Emperor and ruler, while they were his subjects. This was the respect for a Martial Emperor since ancient times.

Ye Qingyu did not see anybody.

Now he did not have to consider these people's ideas and feelings, and compared to the Dark Realm, there was still a huge gap in the average level of martial arts of the Vast Thousand Domains. To improve, medicine must be prescribed. The Domain Alliance must be replaced, or dominated by him. The various forces and domains, if well cooperated, can be vigorously supported. But if others agree overtly and oppose in secret, Ye Qingyu will not hesitate to eradicate them.

Today, his subordinates could be said to be as many as the clouds. Shui Xiu was also a present age Martial Emperor, and along with Wen Wan and other the Divine Generals, as well as Ximen Yeshui, he could easily dominate the Vast Thousand Domains.

Ye Qingyu did not come forward, but the Great Dragon Turtle Demon and other officials of the Heaven Wasteland Building began to perform their duties and received the envoys of all parties.

And towards such treatment, the various forces and parties not only did not feel neglected, but felt that everything was reasonable. After all, a Martial Emperor was a noble existence, if he could take time to see them then that wouldn't be right.

Of course, arriving at Heaven Wasteland Building were also countless people here to plead guilty.

The news of today's battle had spread wildly. The forces that had secretly gone against Heaven Wasteland Domain regretted their actions right away, and immediately came to offer their apology. The supreme elder of the Tianqian Sect was also kneeling in front of the Heaven Wasteland Building, while the representative of other forces of the Quasi-emperors who were killed in today’s battle were also kneeling and dared not to get up.

The Quasi-emperor who killed the envoy of Heaven Wasteland Domain in the Water Moon Domain also came right away to pay for his crime.

Nobody dared to go against the majesty of a Martial Emperor.

It was no exaggeration to say that in the past Ye Qingyu’s name was enough to make the heavens and earth change colour, but if talking about real deterrent power, the ‘Martial Emperor’ these two words had much greater power. In the minds of all living beings in the Vast Thousand Domains, a Martial Emperor signified omnipotence, signified invincibility.

The next afternoon.

Ye Qingyu came to the hall of the Domain Alliance.

Before, he had let out the words through the mouth of the chief envoy of the Human Race and others that he plans to create a unified domain alliance so that all forces will obey his orders. At this time, all the envoys of major forces and races were well aware of this fact. Some people were unwilling but still dared not to defy the will of a Martial Emperor and finally yielded.

Ye Qingyu had restored the Domain Alliance without taking much time.

The next month, Ye Qingyu assumed command of the Domain Alliance.

The status of Heaven Wasteland Domain rapidly rose, and Empress Yu Xiaoxing had become the most powerful and influential person in the Domain Alliance. And under the direction of Ye Qingyu, the power for sorting out the Domain Alliance also fell into the hands of the Empress.

In this process, Heaven Wasteland Domain displayed a little bit of its strength. In particular, after Wen Wan, Ximen Yeshui and others showed strength that was in no way inferior to a Martial Emperor, the last cry of opposition had also completely dissipated.

Sorting out the Domain Alliance was a long-term process, and Ye Qingyu was not in a hurry for now.

A month later, Ye Qingyu contacted the Dark Realm.

Song Xiaojun personally sent a group of [The Beginning’s] subordinates over to set up various earth civilization machines in Heaven Connect City, so that the Dark Realm was linked to the Vast Thousand Domains and that Empress Yu Xiaoxing and [The Beginning] could also communicate and exchange information.

Ye Qingyu breathed a sigh of relief.

[The Beginning] developed the plan, while Yu Xiaoxing executed it. It was the most perfect cooperation.

At the same time, [The Beginning] also began to make similar plans on how to make use of the treasures in the Ye clan's imperial palace. The proposal was to first construct a variety of administrative machines to assist the administrative system within the empire, and thereby improve efficiency. It can also extract materials in every place to produce weapons in large quantities, in order to arm an absolutely loyal army that integrates both formation martial arts and earth civilization. Ye Qingyu agreed to the proposal.

After all the plans were initially finalized, he learned that there was no more movements in the Dark Realm for the time being and also that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had become an Emperor. Ye Qingyu did not rush back to the Dark Realm, instead went to the Black Demon Abyss.

He plans to solve some of the mysteries hidden in the Black Demon Abyss——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1290:


Chapter 1304, Some discoveries

Back when Ye Qingyu was in the Black Demon Abyss, in order to obtain Black Demon Grass, and complete the assessment set by the Domain Alliance, he had spent a lot of thought and most of the time in the 17th and 18th districts of the Black Demon Abyss.

In the 17th district was the Fallen God Abyss, where there was Black Demon Grass all year round.

Back then Ye Qingyu had found something strange in the Fallen God Abyss and almost died there, so he had a deep memory of that place. Everywhere in the Fallen God Abyss were strange white bones. The body of battle beast Little Ten was also pieced together from those bones. Now, Little Ten's cultivation base was almost at the peak of the Quasi-emperor realm, and its body of bones was flawless as before. It could be seen that the value of these bones was close to the Emperor level, thus Ye Qingyu couldn't help but have some interest in the Fallen God Abyss.

Light flickered.

A figure appeared in the midst of the miasma.

It was Ye Qingyu.

Now that his cultivation base had greatly improved, he naturally did not need to be extremely cautious like he did the last time. He scanned the surroundings with his divine sense, taking in the situation of the Fallen God Abyss at once. This abyss was larger than it looked on the surface. Under the fog, it covered an extremely vast area.

It's like a small world...
Ye Qingyu thought to himself.

Beneath the abyss, across at least hundreds of thousand kilometers, there were faintly fluctuations of space. Although not a formation that someone had set up, vaguely there was a natural atmosphere like a sort of space force, resembling a naturally created space world.

“This should be an ancient battlefield where many Emperor-level experts had fought before.” Ye Qingyu walked in the abyss, gradually noticing some clues.

Given his current sight, he could distinguish that the miserable bones at the bottom of the abyss belonged to Quasi-emperor or true Emperor-level experts. This discovery also made Ye Qingyu inwardly fearful, because there were too many bones here to be counted. The number of Quasi-emperor and even Emperor-level experts who had fought and ultimately fallen in this ancient battlefield was too frightening.

“A great battle has caused so many Emperor-level experts to perish. Throughout history, there are only two great battles that could have left such a scene. The first one is the collapse of the Divine Light Court, the second one should be the battle where Ye Chongsheng was betrayed, which father and mother have mentioned in the Ye clan's imperial palace.”

Ye Qingyu pondered and observed as he walked.

The battle of the collapse of the Divine Light Court should not have happened here. The ruins of the Divine Light Court did not look like this. Ye Qingyu had seen it in the memory of Lan Tian. Thus it could only be the ruins of the battle where Ye Chongsheng was betrayed.

“However, it’s also a bit strange that Ye Chongsheng created the Dark Realm, yet he did not perish in the Dark Realm. When the Sky Emperor plotted to kill Ye Chongsheng, why did he choose this location? why did he choose the Black Demon Abyss?”

Ye Qingyu looked a little hesitant.

“Also, even if the Emperor-level experts have died thousands of years ago, the remains have yet to decay, like sacred treasures. The body's purification power and laws also haven’t dissipated. And now, the bones in this Fallen God Abyss, though tough as iron, does not contain Emperor-level spirits.”

He continued walking, observing carefully.

He was almost certain that this was the site of the battle where Ye Chongsheng was betrayed.

“I encountered a crisis here last time, if it were not for the [Cloud Top Cauldron], I might not have gotten out of the trouble. That terrifying killing intent from underground...” Ye Qingyu came to the place he was at in Fallen God Abyss the previous time.

He scanned the surroundings with his divine sense, before he went underground to investigate.

Just then——

Boom!

Terrifying killing intent broke out. That violent, sharp and extremely cruel aura erupted without the slightest warning. It was not the same as the last time when it was slowly revealed and then gradually intensified. This time it instantly and directly broke out like a tide, striking the divine spirit of Ye Qingyu, like maggots feeding on a corpse, trying to penetrate directly into Ye Qingyu's mind.

The terrifying power and force field appeared at the same time, and the bones of the dead, rocks and dust on the ground floated up as though they had lost gravity.

At the same time, a giant bone claw suddenly extended out from the ground, lifting up countless fragments of rocks and dust, like the claws of death from the hidden hell, and directly latched onto Ye Qingyu.

“Huh?”

Ye Qingyu gasped.

He sensed a strange power in this force field, just like the sealing power of the [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike] of the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General], which can instantly seal an enemy's power and cultivation base. The moment such a terrifying force field appeared, the yuan qi and Emperor qi within Ye Qingyu's body was immediately silenced.

It was during this moment of silence that the giant bone claw tightly clutched Ye Qingyu.

Between the joints of the snowy white bones was a bizarre, deathly pale mist circulating around, penetrating into Ye Qingyu's skin, nose, mouth and pores, and then frantically began to extract all his power.

“This is it.”

Although in danger, Ye Qingyu seemed like he was unaware, and did not avoid nor struggle.

He suddenly understood why there were so many Emperor-level bones in the Fallen God Abyss, which had lost all their essence and spiritual nature. It turned out that they had been corroded and absorbed over a long period of time by this power. When the killing intent broke out in the Fallen God Abyss the last time it was also from underground. It appeared that a very terrifying monster was hiding underground.

Having understood this, the mystery of the past was all swept away.

Bang!

Ye Qingyu roared, his body slightly shook, and a gush of majestic power erupted directly. With a loud boom, he directly crushed the bone claw that had latched onto him into fine powder. At the same time, exerting force to his foot, the black rocky ground, suddenly, as if melting, was rippling like waves, spreading out in all directions with Ye Qingyu’s body as the center.

Vaguely, a long mournful howl could be heard from underground.

It seemed as though something had suffered an injury.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

He was different from the other Martial Emperor. He had originally been walking the route of inner yuan and physical strength. His physical strength was not in any aspect inferior to his inner yuan, and since experiencing the nourishment power of the World Tree, his physical strength could be said to be unparalleled. Thus, even if his inner yuan Emperor qi had been sealed, he still possessed Emperor-level battle strength.

With the stamp of his foot, not only did he break the seal of the force field, but also severely wounded the monster underground.

His Emperor qi inner yuan was instantly recovered.

“Receive!”

He spread open his hand.

The strange white mist was directly compressed into a strange white pill by his Emperor-level power.

At this time, the mountains were tottering and the ground quaked.

Like an earthquake. It seemed that even the sky was about to shatter to pieces and collapse.
What sort of monster was about to break free from the ground?
Ye Qingyu flashed to his previous position, where a white bone was piercing out from the soil and stone like a bolt of silver lightning.

“Evil creature!”

Ye Qingyu stomped his foot again.

Boom!

The ground was bubbling like boiling water.

A terrifying power directly destroyed the area below the ground.

“Roar...” An-earth-shaking roar, a white-bone arm, stretched out from underground, then another arm, then a skull, then it was the upper body... It was a three-eyed giant skeleton. Except for the three eyes on its skull, the other parts were identical to a human being. However, it was incomparably huge, from just the parts exposed above the ground it was at least thousands of meters high.

However, pierced into the back of the shoulder bone of the three-eyed skeleton was a tremendous scarlet-red chain, which seemed to be tied to some object beneath the ground, letting the giant skeleton wildly and desperately struggle. The blood-coloured chain was flickering with ancient formation symbols, flowing with mysterious power, that the giant skeleton could not break free from.

“Strange, like it’s being imprisoned and tied to the ground.”

Ye Qingyu was slightly surprised.

Then his look soon turned to astonishment.

Because the aura of this giant three-eyed skeleton was very similar to that of the Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Space in the battle of the collapse of the Divine Light Court——no, Ye Qingyu could confirm that it was identical.

It was a Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Space.

Ye Qingyu was certain that back in the battle of the collapse of the Divine Light Court, there wasn't such a Fiendgod Sovereign. In others words, the giant three-eyed skeleton was a Fiendgod Sovereign that appeared later on.

This discovery was an incomparable surprise to Ye Qingyu.

Could it be that, in the years after the collapse of the Divine Light Court there were different Fiendgod Sovereigns of Time and Space descending into this world? Who could it be that could firmly imprison such a level of existence here?

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The rocks crumbled and the little mountains shattered.

The giant three-eyed skeleton crazily roared, slamming the ground. The entire Fallen God Abyss was quaking and in a state of chaos and darkness, as if about to be destroyed. The skeleton was struggling desperately, but the blood-coloured chain inserted through its shoulder blade was tightly tied that even as a Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Space it also could not break free.

“The aura is absolutely the same. It is indeed a Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Space and not a creature of this world... However, its strength seems to have been weakened, and is probably less than a third of its peak... Huh? That chain...”

Ye Qingyu noticed a cluster of blood-coloured light on the chain, and upon a careful look, came to find that the blood-coloured chain was engraved with strange symbols. Others may not recognize what these symbols are, but Ye Qingyu was extremely familiar with them. It was the one hundred eight ancient characters.

How could this be?

Ye Qingyu was completely dumbstruck.

All along, in this world, only he alone had mastered the technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters, which is a secret technique from the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Unexpectedly, the symbols engraved on that blood-coloured chain were also...

Could there be some kind of relationship between the blood-coloured chain and the [Cloud Top Cauldron]?

Ye Qingyu realized that his trip to the Fallen God Abyss would very likely solve a huge historical mystery.

He approached and observed the blood-coloured chain.

There was no mistake. It really was the one hundred eight ancient characters, arranged in different combinations, which was superior to Ye Qingyu's understanding of the technique. Every time the giant three-eyed skeleton struggled, there was a glow of bizarre light blooming out from each ancient symbol. There was even a power flowing around that surpassed the power of law, making the blood chain indestructible. In pain, the giant three-eyed skeleton grew more violent and irritable.

Hu!

The three-eyed white-bone giant charged at Ye Qingyu, throwing out its mountain-like bone claws.

Ye Qingyu directly punched out, knocking it over, then his body leapt into the air and onto the three-eyed giant's neck. His power erupted as he pressed the giant into the ground, and then closely examined the arrangement of the one hundred eight ancient character on the blood-coloured chain. The more he looked the more astonished he was, because he realized that the person who engraved and set up the secret technique onto the chain had a much greater understanding of the secret technique compared to him.

This surprised Ye Qingyu.

The three-eyed skeleton desperately struggled, although there was nothing it could do to Qingyu. Its strength was greatly damaged, and was no match for Ye Qingyu.

Finally, Ye Qingyu dug up the layer of soil, looked down following along the chain to see the lower body of the three-eyed giant buried under the soil layer, but also saw a number of blood-coloured chains tied to the bones below its waist and stomach. These blood-coloured chains were similarly engraved with the one hundred eight ancient characters. Like a spiderweb, it all eventually converged towards a chain ten times the thickness of the other chains.

“Someone has imprisoned a Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Space here using a remarkable divine formations technique. The person who did this must be a great expert with unimaginable strength, and is absolutely above the realm of Martial Emperor, Moreover, he is a master of formations... Such an existence, after the Divine Light Emperor, there is only one person who would have such skills.”

Ye Qingyu took on a strange expression.

Ye Chongsheng.

Only this strange peerless Ye Chongsheng would have had such ability.

Could it be that after the collapse of the Divine Light Court there was a Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Space who descended onto this world and was imprisoned here by Ye Chongsheng? In other worlds, this strange Ye Chongsheng should also be a compassionate Emperor expert, right?

Moreover, Ye Qingyu was aware of another point.

If his guess was right, then wouldn't it mean that the Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Space doesn't need to go through the door of blood that someone like the Sky Emperor created to descend onto this world? If so, this could be serious.

Ye Qingyu dug deeper down following the thickest chain.

Eventually, he found that the chain was tied to a wooden pile buried deep underground

A wooden pile could imprison a Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Space?

This wooden pile was a bit exaggerated. Moreover, Ye Qingyu found that there wasn’t any inscriptions on the wooden pile. In other worlds it was natural and primitive, rather than an object created by the power of later generations.

“It's... the roots of the World Tree?”

Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded.

He finally recognized that this dried up, fossil-like wooden pilewas a part of the roots of the World Tree. Although withered and dead for a long period of time, it still possessed a certain power. Ye Qingyu tried to shake the chain, but could not move the wooden pile in the slightest.

This layout, this method, was indeed astonishing.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1291:


Chapter 1304, Above the Divine Light Emperor

The value of the World Tree, Ye Qingyu was greatly aware of.

It was said that the power of life of countless domains and even the whole world stemmed from the World Tree. It nourishes all things, and is the source of all lives. If the World Tree is healthy and thrives, then that world would prosper. If the World Tree withers and ages, then the world would deteriorate and die.

The World Tree within Ye Qingyu's body can only be regarded as a small sapling, but in order to nourish and support it, he had consumed the essence of life of many Martial Emperor and Quasi-emperor experts. It can easily be imagined how precious the World Tree is.

And now, someone had used the stump of the World Tree to set up formations to imprison a Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Space. This was too astonishing. At least it was not something the present Ye Qingyu could achieve.

However, only the tree stump of the World Tree can imprison a Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Space here for such a long period of time.

Ye Qingyu made several attempts only to find that he could not shake the tree stump of the World Tree at all.

“The person who defeated the three-eyed giant skeleton back then must have not known how to eliminate it completely or kill it forever, so he used this method to imprison it here, in order to prevent it from bringing disaster to the world,”  Ye Qingyu pondered.

At the same time, he also understood why those Emperor-level bones in the Fallen God Abyss would lose their divine nature——all of it was absorbed by the three-eyed giant skeleton. Over the years, the Fallen God Abyss had become one of the famous forbidden places in the Vast Thousand Domains because many living beings that entered here were killed and swallowed up by this giant.

Ye Qingyu took out the [Blood Drinker Sword] and attempted to kill the giant three-eyed skeleton.

But to his surprise, when the blade of the sword touched the skeleton, sparks of metallic light were splashed out, and although the white bones were slashed into fine powder, almost the next instant it already re-assembled and restored to its original form, as though nothing had happened. No matter how many sword strikes he launched, no matter how many white bones were crushed, all were restored the next moment. Even if Ye Qingyu had used the power of law, he still couldn’t stop this process.

The three-eyed giant skeleton howled frantically, time and time it tried to kill Ye Qingyu.

However, it had been imprisoned here for so many years and its strength had deteriorated greatly. If it were to encounter another Emperor expert, perhaps it would have the power to fight, but with Ye Qingyu, there was not the slightest chance of winning. With Ye Qingyu stepping on its neck, no matter how it struggled it could not get up. It was nailed to the spot by Ye Qingyu's foot.

“These bones contain power above the laws. It is an Immortal substance, and thus cannot be destroyed. Although it is not immortal, but it is close to it. Perhaps, this is the power of a Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Space. Back then the Sky Emperor used the underworld technique to suppress the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and others, but still failed to completely wipe them out. Perhaps this was the reason.”

Looking at the three-eyed giant skeleton struggling frantically at his foot and almost lost its consciousness and rationality, Ye Qingyu continued to hack his body to pieces to observe the whole process of the bone fragments re-assembling together, which for him, had an extraordinary enlightening significance, because he was now stepping on the edge of immortality with one foot. He wanted to observe the changes of this Immortal substance, which would have huge benefits to his cultivation realm.

Time flew by.

In the blink of an eye dozens of days had passed.

During this dozens of days, it was unknown how many times Ye Qingyu had shattered the three-eyed skeleton's body. He found that the one hundred eight ancient characters on the blood-coloured chain contained a power that restrains the power of immortality. Even if the three-eyed giant's body was completely crushed into fine powder, this blood-coloured chain was still traveling back and forth between the white bone fragments, and even if the body recovers, the blood chain still locked onto it again.

“In other words, the power of the one hundred eight ancient characters can restrain the power of immortality, and even restrain a Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Space?”

Ye Qingyu's eyes lit up following this discovery.

Ever since he had seen the process of the Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Spaces invading the Vast Thousand Domains through the memory of Lan Tian, besides shocked by the power of these invaders, Ye Qingyu had been thinking about how to combat such terrifying existences.

Back then, the supreme power of light of the Divine Light Emperor could restrain and inflict serious damage to the Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Space, but that was only because the Divine Light Emperor’s strength had reached an unparalleled realm. He also fought at his home grounds, thereby occupied the advantage.  The rest of the people, such as the six Divine Generals, the spirit monkey battle companion Sun Wukong and some other loyal Martial Emperors, even if combined their strength, there was nothing they could do to the four different Fiendgod Sovereigns of Time and Space, not to mention the Sovereign King.

Ye Qingyu did not know how much more time it would take for him to reach the cultivation realm of the Divine Light Emperor.

But there was one thing he was certain of; there wasn’t much time left for the world.

Judging from the movements coming from the western border of the great wall in the Dark Realm, the signs of the Invaders' return had already emerged. The low-level Invaders were equal to the beginning of the arrival of the true Fiendgod Sovereigns of Time and Space, like cannon fodder, and, evidently, unlike the last time when they came through the gate of blood, this time, the Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Spaces, who had been planning for millions of years, could come even without the gate of blood. The emergence of low-level Invaders was a sign, and the presence of this three-eyed giant skeleton was even better proof.

From all these various indications, Ye Chongsheng should be the first person to be aware of all this.

Therefore he not only suppressed the three-eyed giant skeleton, but also created the Dark Realm, as a buffer zone of the Vast Thousand Domains. He had made a lot of planning, but unfortunately, all this effort was ultimately destroyed by a betrayal that the Sky Emperor had set up.

The Sky Emperor. It was the Sky Emperor again.

This man was simply a traitor to the world.

How to use the present formation martial arts civilization of the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm to withstand against the Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Spaces that may descend at any time was a matter that Ye Qingyu had been pondering over. Before today, he still did not find any answer.

However, now, the blood-coloured chain strengthened with the secret technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters had showed signs of restraining force on the power of the Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Space, which shone a light into Ye Qingyu’s eyes and vaguely, he seemed to have seen a path.

If the secret technique of the
one hundred eight ancient characters
were brought to a whole new level, then perhaps it may become a force to rely on?
Ye Qingyu thought over the possibility.

At the same time, he couldn’t help another mystery coming to his mind——
The secret technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters was not created by Ye Chongsehng, right? After all, now all the clues points to the fact that, after the death of the Divine Light Emperor, the closest person in the world to the Divine Light Emperor was Ye Chongsheng. Besides him, nobody including the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors could achieve something like this.

Ye Qingyu did not know how to evaluate Ye Chongsheng anymore.

If all of Ye Qingyu's speculations were correct, it means that Ye Chongsheng could no longer be defined and described with the word ‘weirdo’, and was most likely the greatest and far-sighted person in the post-Divine Light Emperor era.

Ye Qingyu even suspected that it wasn't that Ye Chongsheng couldn’t completely kill the three-eyed skeleton giant, but deliberately used this method to make it stay in this era, in order to let future generations observe the enemy’s weakness and flaws from the weakened Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Space. He also specially used the blood-coloured chains as a guide to direct future generations to find ways to overcome the Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Spaces.

Even the thought of it was shocking enough.

If this were the case, then the historical status of Ye Chongsheng would even surpass that of the Divine Light Emperor.

After all, when the Divine Light Emperor unified the great world, it was just a kind of conquest and domination. If Ye Chongsheng wanted to do this, he also could, as he did in the first half of his life. In fact, he also developed in accordance with the direction of the six Divine Generals, uniting the world to build a powerful unified empire. But then, perhaps there was something that happened which made Ye Chongsheng changed his mind.

Compared with Ye Chongsheng, the Divine Light Emperor's most glorious moment in his life was in fact the battle of the gloomy and clear sea as well as the collapse of the Divine Light Court, where he almost destroyed the invasion of the Fiendgod Sovereigns of Time and Space alone. But in this process he was in fact extremely passive. He was the victim who rose up to fight back, but Ye Chongsheng was more like a wise man who actively plans and strategizes. He took the initiative to fight against the Fiendgod Sovereign of Time and Spaces and to defend all the living beings of the world.

After comparing the two, Ye Qingyu's evaluation of Ye Chongsheng was simply pulled higher and higher time after time.

Even Ye Qingyu began to wonder if the Sky Emperor could really scheme against such a person?

Maybe there's another truth to the betrayal?

Or is it true that no man is wise at all times. Ye Chongsheng really was unaware of the Sky Emperor's scheme?

The more Ye Qingyu thought, the more difficult it was to grasp the mysterious Ye Chongsheng.

In the next few months, Ye Qingyu remained in the Fallen God Abyss, constantly torturing the three-eyed skeleton giant to carefully understand the matter of immortality in its body. Finally he made some harvest, and unknowingly he achieved an indescribable increase in strength once again.

In the end, after several attempts, he successfully stored the three-eyed skeleton giant, the blood-coloured chain and the dried-up tree stump into the [Cloud Top Cauldron]——The power of this supreme weapon did not disappoint Ye Qingyu, and indeed could hold everything.

It was then that Ye Qingyu left Fallen God Abyss.

He came to the Taowu Mountain Range, the deepest area of the 17th district of the Black Demon Abyss, and forcibly split open the door of space that leads to the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss. The discoveries in the Fallen God Abyss made Ye Qingyu more convinced that there would be more astonishing discoveries in the 18th district. Perhaps, there, he would find more clues about Ye Chongsheng, or even... completely uncover the mystery that hangs over Ye Chongsheng.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1292:


Chapter 1305 - The Truth

The last time Ye Qingyu came to Taowu Mountain Range, he had to wait for a Door of Life to open before he could enter the 18th district. Every Door of Life had a limit on the number of people who could enter. Back then, to fight for the spots to enter the Chaotic Door of Life, a life-and-death battle broke out on Taowu Mountain Range, causing many experts of the Vast Thousand Domains to be buried here forever.

It was also because Ye Qingyu had gained the good graces of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden that he unexpectedly earned a spot.

This time, however, now that his cultivation was practically sky-reaching, he broke through the spatial barriers with just a thought and directly entered the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss.

"I'm back."

Standing a hundred meters up in the air, he looked all around the strange yet familiar environment.

It turned out that the scenery in the 18th district had not changed much. A faint killing intent pervaded the entire place, and ruined walls could be seen everywhere. As he moved forward, he saw several rock constructions which became increasingly clustered. Eventually, large stretches of ruins of the ancient Fiendgod City came within sight.

"Interesting. I remember that the entire ancient Fiendgod City was turned into ashes when a heaven-and-earth massacre broke out back then. How is it that the sights of this place remain the same, as if that heaven-and-earth massacre never happened?"

He felt a strange aura pervading throughout.

The ancient Fiendgod City that should have been destroyed had instead been restored, as if everything back then was just a dream. However, when running for his life after rescuing [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], Ye Qingyu had turned back and seen the sights of everything turning into ashes, as caused by that heaven-and-earth massacre...

Could it be that, like the three-eyed white-boned giant, this ancient Fiendgod City also possesses undying materials or laws, and that's why it's able to regain its original appearance despite being destroyed?

As he thought about this, his divine sense spread like a tide and observed the entire place.

In reality, compared to the reappearance of the ancient Fiendgod City, he was more interested in the source of that heaven-and-earth massacre. Back then, because his strength was way too inferior, he felt that the massacrous power truly came from heaven and earth. As the saying went, ‘murderous spirit unleashed from heaven causes the constellations to shift, while murderous spirit unleashed from earth causes dragons and snakes to appear’. Such a scene would be terrifying to an unimaginable extent, as if heaven and earth had produced the will to wipe out all beings in between them. However, he changed his view now that he thought about it. Heaven and earth would not spontaneously unleash murderous spirit, and would at most only engender strange changes to the power of the universal laws, which would not be without reason either. The scene back then was more likely to be caused by some being of absolutely terrifying cultivation using martial spirit and divine consciousness to unleash murderous spirit and kill.

Ye Qingyu suspected that a fiendgod sovereign-level being from a different space-time was hiding in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss.

He observed as he moved ahead.

He did not discover anything special at first.

Thus, he landed in the ancient Fiendgod City and followed along the path of green tombstones.

Back then, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had told him that the only way to avoid danger was to follow along the main path. Otherwise, great calamities would be encountered. Ye Qingyu had also seen that several experts who did not follow along the main path eventually perished in the ancient Fiendgod City, their bodies incomplete.

However, given his present strength, he did not have to worry about anything at all.

He walked off the main path.

Indeed, an evil and ice-cold killing intent instantly surged up to him, as if appearing out of thin air. Then, with a booming noise, the gravel beneath a black tombstone not far away blew up. A white-colored beam of flowing light burst out of the soil and headed toward Ye Qingyu threateningly.

"Freeze!"

Ye Qingyu groaned.

Like a mired snail, the white-colored beam of flowing light froze a meter away from Ye Qingyu's body. Upon close inspection, Ye Qingyu saw that it was an odd-shaped skeleton of three to four meters in height, resembling the skeleton of a dead violent monkey. However, the astonishing thing was that the bones of its legs and claws were as sharp and slender as machetes, while all of its bones were grown full of barbs that looked like white steel needles, practically making it out to be a white-boned devil from hell.

"This is what's being held down under the tombstones," Ye Qingyu mused.

This was because he discovered that the aura of this odd-shaped skeleton was similar to that of the Invaders, albeit somewhat more solid and pure than that of the Invaders from outside the borders of the Great Wall of the Dark Realm. It was also quite similar to that of the Fiendgod Sovereigns of Time and Space who had arrived in this world by passing through the Gate of Blood. Of course, it was infinite times weaker than that, and was approximately equivalent to the battle strength of human experts of the Great Saint realm.

Although he had already noticed the peculiarities of these tombstones the last time he came here, this was nevertheless the first time he truly saw the entire process of these changes. Thinking about it, he believed that it was this kind of odd-shaped skeleton that killed the experts of various races who perished here.

With a jolt of his thoughts, the odd-shaped skeleton instantly turned into powder and dissipated.

Unlike the three-eyed white-boned giant, the odd-shaped skeleton could not regenerate after turning into powder. Although both were clearly from Invaders, the difference in cultivation between them determined that there was no undying material in the bones of this odd-shaped skeleton.

Ye Qingyu proceeded ahead in the ruins of the ancient Fiendgod City.

Bam bam bam!

Without end, odd-shaped skeletons broke out of the soil beneath the black tombstones and frenziedly charged at Ye Qingyu to strangle him. As he proceeded ever deeper into the ancient Fiendgod City, the strength and number of these skeletons increased wildly, and eventually, even fake-emperor-level skeletons appeared.

The shapes of these skeletons varied greatly. Some resembled violent monkeys, some tigers, some leopards, some humans, some giant ants, some bone dragons, and others birds... Despite the diversity of their appearance, they were exactly alike in ferocity. They only had killing instincts, and did not have any sense of reason or clear consciousness. Even the fake-emperor-level skeletons were no exception.

As if taking a stroll in a courtyard, Ye Qingyu caused Emperor laws to surge with a jolt of his thoughts. With that, any odd-shaped skeleton within ten meters of him turned into power and dissipated among heaven and earth.

He arrived before the biggest black tombstone ahead.

A huge hole had been punctured at the base of the tombstone and from it had emerged an odd-shaped Quasi-emperor realm skeleton, but which had already been killed by Ye Qingyu. As Ye Qingyu's gaze fell upon the black tombstone, he inspected it carefully and finally discovered a few shocking things among the black veins of the tombstone.

"These black veins are not inherently from the stone material, but are engraved by someone instead..." He reached out a hand and gently rubbed the tombstone, feeling a strange warm sensation. Several pale-black patterns that were extremely difficult to perceive were circulating on the tombstone. Because they were extremely similar in color to that of the tombstone itself, it was impossible to notice them from a far distance. Ye Qingyu was only able to make them out when he came close.

The reason he was shocked was because these black veins were somewhat similar to the mysterious formation technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters.

"No, they aren't just similar. I should say that they originated from the same source. These black veins are the embryonic form of the one hundred eight ancient characters, could..." The more Ye Qingyu looked at them, the more he discovered, and the greater the surprise in his heart grew.

He observed a few other black tombstones.

"Every tombstone has several black inlaid veins that seem completely as one with the tombstone. Yet, they're evidently engraved by someone... and all of them are the embryonic form of the one hundred eight ancient characters. The person who engraved these veins probably didn't follow the pure form of the one hundred eight ancient characters. A few of the engraved lines seem correct but are actually wrong, yet they possess strange powers, and this is precisely why these black tombstones have the effect of holding the strange skeletons down."

He gradually understood.

He was considering a different question.

Who was the person that engraved the embryonic form of these one hundred eight ancient characters back then?

Could it be Ye Chongsheng?

If that was the case, however, given that Ye Chongsheng had mastered the complete mysterious formation technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters, he certainly could have engraved the true mysterious formation technique on the tombstones. In that way, the odd-shaped skeletons would be forever held down beneath, instead of what was happening right now, whereby they would be provoked every time a being entered the ancient Fiendgod City, and would then break out of the black tombstones.

Yet another conundrum.

Ye Qingyu proceeded deeper into the ancient Fiendgod City.

For some unknown reason, he gradually had an unprecedentedly strange feeling.

It seemed to him that he had seen this ancient Fiendgod City somewhere before. In particular, there were a few damaged constructions that gave him a deja vu feeling - and this feeling was absolutely not caused by his previous visit, for he had followed along the main path the last time, and certainly had not been in the core area of the ancient Fiendgod City before.

Along the way, he saw more and more densely-clustered black tombstones.

As he proceeded even deeper, he saw ever more of these black tombstones.

Odd-shaped skeletons would charge out from beneath every tombstone, each one stronger than the previous one. Eventually, the skeletons were nearly of genuine Emperor level. Moreover, on each tombstone, there were indeed veins of the embryonic form of the mysterious formation technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters. The deeper into the ancient Fiendgod City, the denser the black veins on the tombstones.

Sparing no trouble in examining each and every tombstone, Ye Qingyu discovered a pattern...

The black veins were growing in power endlessly, as if they were continually evolving. In particular, the veins on several large tombstones were increasingly similar to the mysterious formation technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters, with ever higher conformity.

Ye Qingyu imagined that there was a figure continually engraving, studying, polishing, improving, and strengthening the formations on these black tombstones, and also continually revising and elevating the meanings of the black veins by making use of the reactions of the odd-shaped skeletons beneath the tombstones.

In the end, after engraving innumerable tombstone veins, this mysterious figure had a eureka moment and comprehended the complete system of the mysterious formation technique, which was none other than the one hundred eight ancient characters.

Indeed, Ye Qingyu finally understood how the formations of the one hundred eight ancient characters came about - they were continually engraved and polished on each and every black tombstone.

These tombstones were the birthplace of the mysterious formation technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters.

Almost at the same time, as a beam of lightning flashed across his mind, Ye Qingyu also understood why he had a deja vu feeling regarding this ancient Fiendgod City.

This place is clearly the ruins of the former Divine Light Court capital.

Years ago, during the battle in which the Divine Light Court collapsed, the Light Capital was destroyed by the Sky Emperorr using four blood formations, causing countless experts of the Divine Light Court to perish. This place was none other than the Light Capital after it was destroyed. The reason why he felt it to be familiar was that he had seen images of it in Lan Tian's memory. Although his impression of it was not deep because the moment back then was transient, now that he had gained realization, he immediately matched the scenery and buildings around him with the images in Lan Tian's memory.

My goodness, I'd never thought that things would be like this.

It turned out that the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss was none other than the ruins of the former Light Capital.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

