Chapter 1221:


Chapter 1236 The Beginning of a New Era

Of course, Ye Qingyu would not leak out such insider information.

Ye Qingyu could make use of the fact that the Sky Emperor did not want outsiders to know the truth. He tried to imagine how the Emperor would try to forcibly suppress all of the major Emperor clans in Royal City and even the entire Dark Realm. What sort of effect would that lead to if all of the old sovereigns of the Emperor clans dared not show themselves and return to the city? To many clans and beings that did not know the entire truth, the old sovereigns were evidently afraid of Ye Qingyu.

That was the type of effect Ye Qingyu was looking for.

The sky had gradually turned bright when he finished visiting the last Emperor clan.

At this moment, the silly dog Little Nine flapped its gold wings as it managed to locate Ye Qingyu. "Woof, haha, there really isn't any fun here. Woof, I thought that there would be a lot of experts in Royal City, but all of them turned out to be weaklings. The 'Heavenly Dog Army' of yours truly has all sides of the mountain and city walls under complete control, and I've turned this Royal City into a trapped city. What are you going to do next, human pet? Start killing? That's a really good thought. Woof, I can help you kill. I'll eat all of these useless guards, hahaha..." it said proudly.

It drooled as it spoke.

Ye Qingyu did not know whether to cry or laugh. "It's more like you want to eat, right?"

The silly dog rebutted righteously, "Is there any difference? Come to think of it, you foolish humans kill for nothing. Think about it, dead people become corpses that take up space and pollute the air. If they're eaten up, we can save space and make good use of them. The feces that we produce after eating them can even be used as fertilizer..."

"All right, all right. Get rid of that thought soon; I've no intention of destroying Royal City," Ye Qingyu replied. He had no time to argue with this silly dog. "Reincarnation is about to begin, and all warriors, even if they are from the Spirit Spring stage, are valuable resources when it comes to the life and death struggle of the tens of thousands of realms and domains. Pass along my imperial edict and order all of the fighting and unrest in the city to cease immediately. I wish to rebuild Royal City."

"Tsk..." The silly dog rolled its eyes at Ye Qingyu. "Woof, I'm not your subordinate. Hmph, find someone else to pass out your orders. Woof, I haven't enjoyed myself enough yet," it said, still indignant at being unable to eat to its heart's content. It then transformed into a ray of flowing light and disappeared far away into the sky.

Ye Qingyu was completely speechless.

This silly thing was becoming increasingly hard to control.

"However, this silly dog seems to be fleeing from me." Ye Qingyu suddenly realized that the dog was behaving strangely.

Very quickly, he came to understand the reason.

Great Commander Sun Yi came forth to report on the situation of the battle and the current landscape.

It was only after listening to Sun Yi that Ye Qingyu realized that in the process of seizing the mountains and castle walls, it disregarded the Great Commander's advice and swallowed up four Quasi-emperor level experts who were guarding the city walls. It had even gone into a frenzy and nearly devoured the entire battle division of Quasi-emperors who had been fiercely resisting at the western gate. It had most likely guessed that Ye Qingyu would blame it for such behavior and thus decided to flee quickly, feeling guilty and afraid of being reprimanded.

Ye Qingyu could only remain speechless.

After they parted ways at the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, the silly dog seemed to have met with some miraculous encounters of its own. It's greatly increased its powers aside, even its appetite was growing increasingly large, so much so that it could even swallow Quasi-emperors whole. Furthermore, Ye Qingyu still did not have the time to slowly interrogate the creature to find out what exactly had happened to it. This was because Ye Qingyu could sense a terrifying power in the dog that made him feel fearful.

"Your Majesty, what should we do next?" Sun Yi asked, looking to receive instructions.

He could be considered to have become a loyal fan of Ye Qingyu now, and the Sun clan was entirely in the new Emperor's camp.

"I believe you must be exhausted after participating in a bitter fight for an entire night. Rest for now; go back home and come back to see me after you've settled all the matters of your clan," Ye Qingyu said.

He also thought highly of the Great Commander.

This was not merely because of the fact that Sun Yi had always stood firmly in his camp. In fact, it was because Sun Yi was a commander who had his own unique style and charm. He was easy-going and loyal, and he could see things from a wider perspective. Also, he was one of the rare moral people among the Guardians and had always been unhappy about the bizarre aura that was left to ferment within Royal City. He had given Ye Qingyu his full support and aid after seeing his great ambition. Likewise, the commander thought that his leader was a principled and moral man.

"Your humble subject has already heard the news that the old sovereign managed to fulfill his dreams, even though he ended up dying. To him, it's a form of release." The Great Commander sighed. Only he knew what the old sovereign was truly thinking and knew that the amount of his own lifespan that he burned up all these years was torture. Now that he had the protection of Ye Qingyu, however, he managed to die feeling satisfied.

Ye Qingyu nodded. He really did not know what happened to the guys in the back. It looked like Sun Yi really did not know anything about the flow of operation.

The Great Commander was worried about the state of the city. They had just quelled the unrest at the four gates but there was still some commotion in the center of the city. He was also worried that the Emperor clans might attempt a comeback, and it was for this reason that he requested permission to lead the army on patrols.

"That's all right. Everything is within my grasp," Ye Qingyu said.

Sun Yi only left with his orders upon seeing the supreme self-confidence in Ye Qingyu.

However, he left ten of his trusted men in the military at Ye Qingyu's side to do his bidding.

The ten of them were not members of the Sun clan, but talents that he had unearthed from and developed in the army. They were outstanding humans who emerged recently, and they were youthful and extremely talented, besides being loyal and dependable. They were extremely familiar with the current situation of the city and were men that had been handpicked by Sun Yi to serve Ye Qingyu. This would prevent a situation where the sovereign would have no soldiers to serve him.

Ye Qingyu sent one of them to the number one military brothel to receive Lin Nanzhu and her company.

After which, he stood in the void and looked down at Royal City. He willed his Emperor qi aura to spread out, and it engulfed the entire city like an ocean pouring through the streets. Everything within a radius of a few hundred kilometers was instantly suppressed by the Emperor's aura. In an instant, all living beings, whether sentient, worms, ants, snakes, or rats, could sense something trembling in their souls, causing them to feel a level of panic that they never knew before. This feeling was the same as if they had seen their god. They did not even have the intention to resist or react.

The entire Royal City was trembling under the might of Ye Qingyu's aura.

He stood above the city like the burning sun, and he dictated everything in this world.

All living beings in the city looked fearfully and in shock toward the sky.

The martial arts experts could sense the terrifying pressure of his Emperor qi even more. They were fearful and kowtowed to the demonic and god-like figure in the sky. The more powerful they were, the smaller they felt in his presence.

"The might of a Martial Emperor."

"Is an Emperor-level expert enraged?"

"This is too formidable, true Emperor-level strength..."

"Which sovereign has reached the peak of his level and leveled up?"

"That figure... looks like the new Emperor."

All sorts of exclamations could be heard from the developed areas, and all activities ceased even in the districts that were embroiled in war. The combatants lay prone on the ground in fright and dared not lift up their heads. Many Quasi-emperor-level experts who had been hiding in the dark were also trembling now.

"I'm going to begin my reign today and become your current sovereign. My reign will be known as the Immortal... Hear me, immediately after the sun rises today, there will be no fighting allowed in Royal City. Everyone will assume their original posts, and anyone who tries to stir unrest will be killed. Those who desert their posts will be killed. Those who disobey will also be killed."

Ye Qingyu's voice was incredibly authoritative and rang out in the mind of every living being.

His words carried the might of the Emperor realm each time he said "kill". The sky and earth cried out, as if the heavenly drums and bells had been rung, rousing the land from its slumber. Even the laws of nature and Dao sounds had also rung out. The words of an Emperor were the law, and he was executing the will of the heavens. In an instant, he displayed the full range of his might.

Furthermore, as he finished speaking, a red sun peeked out on the faraway white horizon.

All of Royal City, which had experienced an entire night of slaughter, was gradually enveloped by the red glow of the morning sun.

All living beings instantly understood that Royal City and the entire Dark Realm was welcoming its new sovereign. His reign would be known as the Immortal Reign, and he was the Immortal God Emperor.

Everywhere around Royal City was quiet.

A while later, none of the other sovereigns appeared to speak. The imperial throne circled swiftly around the world.

The beings of each clan came to look, signifying that the hidden sovereigns did not object to his coronation. It meant that the Immortal God Emperor was going to take over the control of Royal City and the Dark Realm.

Tens of thousands of beings knelt down and kowtowed at this moment.

They did not know that the previous reign had quietly ended with the departure of the Sky Emperor and the various hidden sovereigns. They were very clear that a new reign was upon them, as they heard the name of the Immortal Reign for the first time in their lives.

Lin Nanzhu and her mother had just been received by the officers sent by Ye Qingyu to the number one military brothel when the new Emperor issued his orders to the world. The good-looking and intelligent beauty lifted her head to look at the sky, and her heart was greatly conflicted.

She could not help thinking back to the first time she met Ye Qingyu.

At that time, Ye Qingyu showed himself as Zhang Longcheng, and she was still worried that he did not understand the situation and was getting himself into big trouble. After that, she came to understand that he was really strong, and he showed his true self when he became Emperor after the Battle of the Azure Cloud Platforms. His chiseled, handsome features were extremely regal looking, and countless women in the prime of their lives in Royal City became intoxicated by him. Of course, Lin Nanzhu had fallen for the outstanding young man once, but she was very clear that he was in a different league, even though she was the daughter of a marquis, and even if her father would eventually become a king...

We're people from different worlds after all... I wonder what sort of woman would be worthy of his love?

Lin Nanzhu thought to herself before catching up with her mother. They left the brothel under the guidance of the officer, and she wanted to find Mo Weinan's mother as soon as possible. That day, the residence of Marquis Tingtao faced a huge disaster, and luckily she was alerted in advance. She had sent Mo Weinan's mother out secretly. She hoped that the lady would be fine; otherwise she did not know what to tell Mo Weinan.

In the sky—

Ye Qingyu retracted his imperial authority gradually.

"I'll now issue my imperial edict. All chiefs, kings, dukes of the various Great Emperor clans and Great Commanders of the military have to report to the Great Hall of Policy for a court session. No one is allowed to be absent," Ye Qingyu said as he released nine rays of silver light from his palm. They transformed into nine ice imperial edicts that landed in the hands of nine officers beside him, thereby granting them the authority to carry out his orders.

"Yes, Your Majesty."

Nine bolts of flowing light cut through the air.

The sun was shining brightly in the east, and it rose slowly.

A new era had arrived.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1222:


Chapter 1237 Judgment Day for the Emperor Race

The [Emperor's Roar to Oppose Heaven]. But what Ye Qingyu remembered did not hold any particular meaning. If he had to put a meaning to it, then he would be targeting the Sky Emperor. "Since you call yourself the Sky Emperor, then let my Emperor's Roar oppose Heaven." Ye Qingyu's intention to dominate the Sky Emperor could be considered as him being hellbent on going against the latter. He believed that once the Emperor's Roar reached the Sky Emperor's ears, he would understand his intention.

The roar that signaled a rebellion reverberated throughout Royal City.

In the sky, the awe-inspiring Way of the Emperor continued to traverse.

Ye Qingyu went looking for Lin Nanzhu and the others. Fortunately, Mo Weinan's mother was not caught up in the conflagration. He could finally be at ease now.

The next day, Ye Qingyu visited all of the critical points of Royal City throughout the day.

He inspected and altered the various formations in the city.

The number of defensive and offensive formations of Royal City, as well as various formations within the city, was uncountable under the guidance of the Guardian camp over the span of ten million years. It was a gathering of great accomplishments in the formation martial way of that time. Many of the formations from that time were personally laid down by the successive Martial Emperors. Some of them might even be the work of the Sky Emperor.

Ye Qingyu carefully inspected and altered all of these formations one by one to prevent the Sky Emperor from leaving via escape routes in the formations in the city. If they counterattacked someday, the city would instantly collapse without being able to put up a fight.

His ideas proved to be correct.

Having traversed through the pivots of the defensive formations, he truly discovered many flaws and clues that typically would not be evident. The formations would not react abnormally when activated either. However, once someone manipulated these flaws, the majority of the principal defensive formations of the city would be rendered useless in an instant. It was to such an extent that destructive explosions would go off, blasting the entire Royal City into ruins.

Ye Qingyu spent an entire day examining the formations one by one.

He went so far as to inspect the pivot of all of the formations three or four times and amended all of the flaws and clues that he found.

Throughout the process, he found ten flaws that seemed to be the Sky Emperor's work. He went through several rounds of inspections before discovering them. If not for his superior and peerless cultivation in formations, he would truly have been fooled. This exercise also gained him new knowledge of the Sky Emperor's cultivation and strength. Obviously, the Sky Emperor's skills in formations were not beneath his own.

The inspection exercise was also a learning experience.

It was particularly valuable for Ye Qingyu, a present-day great master of formations. He was able to see with his own eyes the different kinds of formations that the Martial Emperors of the Guardians' camp amended and reinforced over several million years. He felt as if he was looking at the evolution of the formations from different denominations and schools of thought over millions of years. The several hundreds of denominations appeared before him, presenting him with a great opportunity to learn and master his skills. It was a way for him to bring his skills in formations to inconceivable heights.

That one day had greatly rewarded Ye Qingyu.

When dawn arrived, he showed up at the military headquarters of the Great Hall of Policy.

Right then, the hall was so packed that the stairs and the small public square outside were filled with fighters from all races. It was the first time in the past thousands of years that the military headquarters was this boisterous.

Ye Qingyu ordered all the nobles above the rank of marquis to come to court, regardless if they held true authority, de jure power, or a hereditary rank. The might of the new Emperor was upon them. No one dared to play any tricks knowing it was the first time the divine Great Emperor was holding court. Even large noble clans like the Sky-reaching, Dark Feather, and Lofty Mountain representatives were all present. Thus, the entire Great Hall of Policy was swarming with people.

The large noble clans were all nervous about the arrival of the new Emperor.

The members of the great Emperor clans, in particular, had questioned their respective ancestors for advice last night but received no response. When their ancestors entered into seclusion to cultivate, they upheld their silence regardless of what was asked of them. They found this strange, but they dared not barge into their ancestor's seclusion ground. They had no choice but to return in resentment and come here to pay their respects to the new Emperor.

The only happy faces belonged to the marquises of the Sun clan.

Great Commander Sun Yi, who had become the current master of the Sun clan, was the focus of everyone's attention.

The main families of the Emperor clans of Royal City had their own information network. By the end of the day, they also came to know that Sun Yi had gained the new Emperor's trust and become the new Emperor's unofficial spokesperson for the military headquarters. His meteoric promotion was essentially set in stone. Moreover, the "ten new nobles" serving the new Emperor got their positions through Sun Yi's selection and recommendation. Just two days ago, the Sun clan had been on the brink of extinction. Sun Yi was also the laughing stock of the nobles. However, he had practically become the new Emperor's right-hand man overnight.

Of course, this was because the new Emperor's other favored subordinate, Marquis Tingtao, Lin Xuan, was not in Royal City.

Without a doubt, Sun Yi and Lin Xuan would remain household names for a very long time.

The sun rose, illuminating the dignified and solemn Great Hall of Policy.

Everyone was waiting patiently.

Suddenly, someone inside the hall cried out, "Your Majesty!"

The nobles waiting on the stone steps and in the public square beneath shivered on the inside, knowing that the heaven-defying Great Emperor who opposed heaven itself was about to arrive. They immediately stopped their hushed discussions and kneeled down, shouting, "Your Majesty!" There were too many people in the audience at this time. Those who were given the right to enter the Great Hall of Policy and occupy a seat were all leaders from the Emperor clans as well as former bigshots of the military headquarters.

Second by second, time slipped by.

The deadly quiet Great Hall of Policy slowly became filled with noise, but those waiting outside could not hear it too clearly. Nearly an hour later, the crowd saw more than ten people walking out of the hall. They were the leaders of the Emperor clans. With resentful expressions, they climbed onto their flying vehicles and left without delay.

"What has happened?"

The nobles kneeling outside the hall were dumbfounded. They had the feeling that something bad had happened.

The sun gradually climbed higher.

The heaven-defying Great Emperor's first court proceeding lasted approximately six hours.

The proceeding only ended when it was nearly midday.

The nobles outside the hall did not meet the heaven-defying Great Emperor as per their imagination and anticipation. They remained in confusion until the morning court was over, not knowing what had taken place inside the hall. The proceeding this time was indeed strange. The celebration that they imagined would happen to celebrate the new Emperor was nowhere to be seen. Instead, the entire process took place in a silent yet thrilling atmosphere. This slowly became a demonstration of the new Emperor's distinct style.

One of the "ten  new nobles" emerged from the hall and declared the end of the morning court proceedings.

The nobles kneeling outside, important and unimportant alike, exchanged looks before slowly rising to their feet.

What they saw next was the mass of princes, commanders-in-chief, and clan leaders walking out with grim expressions. Their solemnity carried a hint of anger that they were afraid to express. Some even looked so despondent that they looked like their souls had left them. They all looked somber and said nothing. Some smiling marquises and sovereigns went up to greet and pay their respects, but most were given the cold shoulder. They ended up making fools of themselves.

"Just exactly what has happened?"

"It seems like the first meeting between the new Emperor and the bigshots of the Emperor clans didn't go very well."

Some of the nobles started getting anxious.

However, the mystery did not last long.

Soon enough, the truth of what happened during the heaven-defying Great Emperor's first court proceeding started spreading throughout Royal City like the descent of a storm.

The new Emperor had suppressed the Emperor clans by depriving them of their prerogatives in Royal City.

He even imposed a heavier tax on them. Moreover, they would be subject to a new tax percentage to make up for the tax arrears of the past hundred years.

Besides this, the military headquarters was also under the new Emperor's reformation plan. Sun Yi of the Sun clan took the helm and became the new commander of the military. Tingtao, who was out of the city, was named his right-hand man. Nie Tiankong of the Nie clan was also given an important position. These were well within everyone's expectations. What shocked and agitated them was certain measures taken in the reformation plan. Aside from Sun Yi, Lin Xuan, and Nie Tiankong, the bigshots who were previously commanders in the military headquarters were all fired. Even the hierarchy system and operation manner of the military were not spared from changes.

Once the news broke out, everyone's first thought was: "Is the new Emperor mad?"

The methods the new Emperor used in reforming the military headquarters were brutal but were still acceptable to the nobles in the city, no matter how unwilling they were. Simultaneously, it was effective enough to suppress the Emperor clans. Even so, it seemed as if the new Emperor was testing everyone's patience. The Emperor clans had sovereigns of the Hidden Epoch backing them up. If the new Emperor's suppression impacted one, two, or even three families from the Emperor clans—such as the Sky-reaching clan and the Dark Feather clan—it would have still been acceptable. However, he was now suppressing all of those in the Emperor clans in Royal City. Was he trying to push the sovereigns of the Hidden Epoch into being his enemies?

Wouldn't the new Emperor's position be threatened if all the sovereigns of the Hidden Epoch came out to protest him?

"Hmph, what a country hick. Doesn't he know how grave court matters are? He lacks reverence for the Emperor clans. Does he think he can dominate everything just because he's the current Martial Emperor? Once the sovereigns of the Hidden Epoch speak out against him, this will all become a joke!"

Some nobles in the city were mocking the new Emperor behind his back.

Most nobles thought that the new Emperor lacked a strong foundation and a proper structure. It was too easy for him to fail if he insisted on being this tyrannical. It seemed that he would enjoy only a short tenure on the throne. Essentially, he was courting disaster. When all the large Emperor clans truly demonstrated their power, the new Emperor would have no choice but to bow his head and be forced to admit to his mistakes.

Countless nobles were waiting to see the new Emperor fail.

To be frank, the nobles in Royal City did not really approve of him.

However, something unexpected happened. They had anticipated the new Emperor to be forced into admitting to his mistakes, but what they received instead was news of the new Emperor's tyrannical methods subduing all sixteen families of the Emperor clans—including the Sky-reaching clan, Dark Feather clan, Lofty Mountain clan—right at the roots.

In a single day, the residences of all sixteen families were breached, their members imprisoned, and their arsenals seized. The direct and core members of the families were all reduced to prisoners. Those who dared to rebel were all swiftly and mercilessly killed by the new Emperor's methods.

The entire Royal City was reeling in shock.

"What's going on? What gives the new Emperor the confidence to be this tyrannical? What is happening?"

Everyone was asking the same question.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1223:


Chapter 1238 The Military and Political Sides

Everyone was asking, but nobody had the answer.

Many non-believing people personally went to the residences of the sixteen Emperor clans to take a look.

The sights of the forbidding, magnificent residences used to cause one to tremble in fear even from afar. However, at present, they were already in a state of decadence. The nobles of the Great Emperor clans, who had grown pompous, were by now sealed of their cultivations and were shivering under the custody of the armored soldiers. They had never imagined that they would fall into such a plight. In particular, a few Emperor clans which put up fierce resistance were personally demolished by the Immortal God Emperor. Those members who became captives now looked no different from ordinary humans.

Among them, the scenes in the residences of four Great Emperor clans, including the Sky-reaching clan, the Dark Feather clan, and the Lofty Mountain clan, were the most tragic.

These residences were all but destroyed, suffering heavy casualties, while all of their surviving members were taken into custody. This was no different from an expropriation. From the clan’s leader down to the bodyguards, everyone was sealed before being sent to the military prison, their fates virtually imaginable. They certainly would not have another day to redeem themselves, and the fall of these four Great Emperor clans could be said to be destined.

Upon careful analysis, some observant people discovered that the other twelve Great Emperor clans were those that had angrily departed in advance in the morning.

They were basically forces which were extremely powerful within the imperial capital during more ordinary days, and had a heritage spanning hundreds of thousands of years. With such long histories and deep foundations, their respective power and foundation were top fifty among the Emperor clans in the Royal City, and they could be said to be heavyweights that even several Martial Emperors dared not provoke easily. The reason why they dared to do something so insulting to the new Emperor as departing in advance on the first day of the new dynasty was precisely because they had great backing, and were confident enough to not fear the new Emperor even if they had truly insulted him.

After all, they were backed by hidden sovereigns.

However, who knew that, subject to the fury of the Immortal God Emperor, the so-called Emperor clans would collapse at the first blow and instantly disintegrate? As for the hidden sovereigns whom the Emperor clans’ members had pinned their hopes on, they did not reveal themselves to surround and attack the new Emperor as imagined. From start till end, they did not reveal themselves, make any expression, or say a word even when the leaders of the Emperor clans were being slaughtered on the spot by the new Emperor.

Countless people were astounded by this outcome.

How did it turn out like this?

It was not just outsiders, but also the members of the Emperor clans, who could not understand.

Why didn’t our ancestors reveal themselves and do all they can to save the situation even at such a critical moment when our family and clan are being destroyed?

The members of the sixteen Great Emperor clans cried and shivered. All of their pride, arrogance, and dignity as an Emperor clan were crushed by the new Emperor on this day, and they were now feeling fear that was being involuntarily produced in their hearts. Several members were wailing out loud, while several clan leaders looked utterly remorseful, expressing that they had made the wrong decision during a moment of misjudgment and were now willing to repent and admit their mistakes, and begging the new Emperor for mercy…

The sight of their faces would make one unsure whether to laugh or cry.

Being not caught up in the whirlpool for the time being, the outsiders were able to see things more clearly and could thus analyze more of what was going on behind the scenes.

For example, after the expropriation of the sixteen Great Emperor clans came to a complete end, all of the nobles in Royal City came to a common viewpoint – the power of the new Emperor was unparalleled throughout history and had reached a state of full invincibility. This was why the hidden sovereigns of the various Great Emperor clans grew fearful and were not confident of defeating the new Emperor even if they revealed themselves to surround and attack him, and were thus forced to take things lying down.

This conclusion shook the soul of every noble.

After all these years, has a truly world-domineering, fearless, and ruthless sovereign finally arrived?

If even the Emperor clans can’t withstand the new Emperor’s might, then who in Royal City can? Who dares to fight him?

The answer was…

No one.

Several other Emperor clans which were fortunate enough not to fight the new Emperor directly were secretly counting their blessings without end. Fortunately for them, they had restrained their inner arrogance during the dynasty’s opening, or otherwise, their fates would be exactly the same as that of the sixteen Great Emperor clans.

…

In the main governing hall.

Ye Qingyu sat high up on the sovereign’s divine throne.

Chief Commander Sun Yi was reporting the details of the day’s expropriation.

Aside from the “ten  new nobles”, the other military leaders were all present. Regardless of their stand or their clan, they were quiet and solemn, while their postures were respectful and not the least bit neglectful, such that they dared not even exhale their heavy breaths. The names and numbers rolling off Chief Commander Sun Yi’s tongue startled them – those names had previously been celebrated in Royal City and those numbers used to take away people’s breaths, yet they were now nothing more than pitiful victims under the might of the new Emperor.

“The sixteen Great Emperor clans are completely within control. Please explain how we should go about our next step, Your Highness.” Sun Yi asked for instructions after reporting everything.

“Well done. Hand down my orders that all nobles of the sixteen clans shall be stripped of their titles regardless of their status, while the clans’ armored troops shall be disassembled. All grown men, and people whose cultivations are at the Great Saint realm and above, shall be exiled, while the young, the old, the weak, the sick, and the disabled shall be temporarily imprisoned. Choose a remote place outside Royal City and build a central city there. After it has been built, move the old, the weak, the sick, and the disabled there, to be imprisoned and examined.”

Ye Qingyu's voice carried a chill like that of dark ice as it sounded from atop the sovereign’s divine throne, causing everyone in the hall to tremble with fear. At this time, nobody dared to try challenging the will of the new Emperor any longer.

This form of punishment basically announced the doom of the sixteen Great Emperor clans.

The methods of the new Emperor were ruthless, decisive, and heart-palpitating.

“I obey your order.” Sun Yi bowed in acknowledgment.

Political battles were always cruel. Thinking from Ye Qingyu's perspective, if the sixteen Great Emperor clans successfully pulled the new Emperor down, his fate would not be any good. At this time, anyone with a working brain would not be kindhearted, and could see that the new Emperor’s actions were intended to kill the chicken to frighten the monkey. If he did not follow through with his ruthlessness, the effect would be heavily reduced.

After a pause, Sun Yi bowed and said in a clear voice, “Your Highness, there are many aces among the sixteen clans. If we exile all of them and they ever resurge one day, they’ll definitely cause unrest among the military and the people. Dare I suggest that we only break up the sixteen clans internally and reorganize them into new battalions, and delegate capable people to administer and command them? With strict supervision, we may be able to build up many powerful new battalions.”

Although Sun Yi had all along hidden his capabilities and did not participate in concrete decision-making, having served in the military for a long time after all, his foresight and knowledge were absolutely sharp. He thus acutely captured the flaws in Ye Qingyu's order to exile the Emperor clans and spoke up to provide a warning.

On the divine throne, Ye Qingyu nodded his head and replied, “I approve.”

After hearing what Sun Yi said, he immediately realized the flaws in his idea and thus agreed with the former’s suggestion.

In the eyes of those present, this scene naturally became further evidence that Sun Yi was favored by the new Emperor.

Subsequently, Ye Qingyu issued many other regulations and decrees which numbered in the hundreds in total and were extremely systematic and complete. They were evidently not impulsive decisions but tracks he was highly familiar with instead. There were three core purposes. The first was to suppress and divide the nobles of the Guardian camp, the second was to raise the status of the Dark Ones and the Sinners, while the third was to eliminate all nepotism from the system of promotion, demotion, appointment, and removal of the nobility. Replacing it would be meritocratic standards, in which ability and merit would become the only criteria for promotion. Even Sinners could be promoted to become nobles if they made great contributions.

The three core purposes implemented Ye Qingyu's will to the fullest.

After hearing all this, the people in the main hall felt as if they had been thoroughly drenched from head to toe in ice water.

If these three purposes were confirmed, the status of the nobles would rapidly decline in the new dynasty, and this would deeply affect everyone’s interests. Yet, nobody in the hall dared to oppose explicitly. Since the fate of the sixteen Great Emperor clans had set a precedent, who would still dare to provoke the mighty new Emperor?

Many nobles looked at Sun Yi, hoping that this favorite of the new Emperor could speak up and fight for a few benefits for the nobility. After all, he and the entire Sun clan belonged to the nobility, and thus the new Emperor’s policy would undoubtedly affect the interests of the Sun clan.

However, Sun Yi showed no change of countenance.

“I obey your orders,” he said in a loud voice.

Many people felt immensely disappointed at once.

Of course, there were also a few long-frustrated people who became eager and excited at this time. They thought themselves to be talented people, except that they never had opportunities. If the new Emperor’s decree could truly be implemented, perhaps they might have the chance to set the world on fire.

The thoughts of the people in the hall could not be hidden from Ye Qingyu's observation.

Given the extent of his strength and cultivation, he could gain insight of any worldly affair with just a thought. In plainer terms, he could clearly perceive the alarm in the hearts of everyone present, and could read the mind of anyone who made the slightest change or revelation of expression.

The might of an Emperor was neither comprehensible nor imaginable by the average person.

Subsequently, Ye Qingyu called out the names of dozens of people in succession.

Those who were called walked out trembling with fear. Believing that the new Emperor would condemn them, all of them looked gloomy.

Who knew that, this time, they instead received important appointments from the new Emperor, with several key positions and duties in the military falling into their hands. On close observation, one would discover that these people had been moderates and extremely talented people in the military. In the past, it was only because of their lack of family status that they could not go a step further. Without this huge transformation, they would probably never have the chance to distinguish themselves throughout their lifetimes.

For a time, these people were overwhelmed by honor and ecstatically expressed their gratitude.

“I’m going to self-isolate for a month. You all shall be responsible for everything in the city. Since my policies have been finalized, they must be rapidly implemented. Sun Yi shall have the last say on military matters, while [The Beginning] shall have the last say on internal affairs.” Ye Qingyu stood up and continued, “[The Beginning], please show yourself to let everyone take a look at you.”

As soon as he finished speaking.

A beam of white splendor flickered in the hall.

As it faded, a lean figure appeared in everyone’s sight.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1224:


Chapter 1239 – The Strange Changes of the World Tree

The lean, white figure was dressed in white and roughly forty years in age. His face was scraggy and had distinct edges, with a black, beautiful, and long beard dangling in front of his chest. He was holding a seven-bird feather fan as his black, long hair flowed down like a waterfall behind his back, giving off an otherworldly aura which was as carefree and elegant as that of an Immortal.

“Good day, Your Highness.” The lean middle-aged man saluted Ye Qingyu.

The latter nodded and offered an introduction to the crowd, saying, “This person is [The Beginning]. Before my return, he shall be responsible for all administrative matters that the Royal City is in charge of.”

Everyone was stupefied.

Nobody had heard of someone like that before, and he was apparently little-known. However, the way he made his appearance earlier was extremely bizarre and enigmatic. There was no yuan qi fluctuation and only the flash of a splendor before he appeared. Unable to see through his mystery, everyone wondered if he had attained the highest martial realm. Moreover, he had obtained the deep trust and use of the new Emperor, and thus was probably of uncommon origin. Otherwise, such an unknown person could not possibly be on equal status as Sun Yi. The policy of giving Sun Yi the last say on military affairs and [The Beginning] the last say on internal affairs confirmed that these two men were of the highest status.

The other nobles saluted and greeted [The Beginning].

Since he had been given an important position by the Immortal God Emperor, one could foresee that he would become an influential person in Royal City for a long time to come, deciding the fates of countless people and perhaps even the nobles present. This was why the more quick-minded ones among them had already begun to offer goodwill to him.

He behaved politely and spoke softly as he saluted them back. He had quite the elegance of a refined scholar and a sharp spirit about him. Devoid of any yuan qi fluctuation and too deep to be fathomed, he gained a favorable impression from many people.

An arc formed at the corner of Ye Qingyu's mouth before he disappeared among the main hall.

The so-called [The Beginning] was naturally that cosmic-level optical brain, albeit not its true body but a robot doppelganger instead. Over the past half a year, the optical brain had created countless doppelgangers for itself, and was able to control and direct them as long as it was connected to the already-built optical brain sky net. Because it was exactly like a real person, formation martial experts who did not know its origin could not distinguish it from a real person. Moreover, Ye Qingyu also knew that this optical brain doppelganger possessed peerless battle strength, containing hundreds of the most terrifying weapons known to the earth civilization, and was able to battle against a peak Quasi-emperor. While it looked harmless on the surface, it was actually a vicious thing that had no trouble defending itself.

Having handed everything to [The Beginning], given the optical brain’s computing capabilities and experiences of past civilizations, dealing with this situation was a piece of cake.

Ye Qingyu returned to the residence of the Military Judge of the Nine Swords, and, after setting up a few Emperor formations, he began to self-isolate and heal his injuries.

Until this day, his injuries from the battle against the Sky Emperor on the starry sky battlefield had not completely healed. In particular, the injuries he incurred from the Martial Emperor’s true form had hurt his foundation, and thus the recovery was extremely slow. Over the past days, Ye Qingyu had been suppressing and concealing his foundational injuries. Now that the situation in Royal City had stabilized somewhat, he could take time out to cultivate and recover.

“It’s a pity that, following the departure of the Sky Emperor, the entrance to Immortal Domain has been sealed. After all, Immortal Domain is in the Sky Emperor’s grasp. Otherwise, if I can enter the environment of the Immortal Domain, my recovery will be much easier.”

Ye Qingyu sighed.

He did possess a few trump cards for treating his injuries, such as the [Deathlike Pills].

However, the [Deathlike Pills] were not true divine pills after all. While they may be effective for ordinary martial experts, their effect was next to nothing for a Martial Emperor like Ye Qingyu. He had thus brushed them aside, knowing that it would be a waste of space to carry them along.

After a brief contemplation, he thought of an idea.

First, he took out the [Blood Drinker Sword] and held it in one hand, absorbing the power contained within it.

During the starry sky battle, the [Blood Drinker Sword] had drunk the extremely distilled blood of Martial Emperors, absorbing their vigor, blood qi, and foundation power. Aside from a portion that it expended during the battle, some of these still remained within the sword. As Ye Qingyu worked it up, a steady flow of purified energy was injected into his body.

The energy purified by the [Blood Drinker Sword] could not be any purer and more vigorous. After all, being converted from the Emperor qi of other Martial Emperors, it was extremely great help to the recovery of Ye Qingyu's Martial Emperor true form.

A day and night’s time passed.

The pure Emperor qi contained in the [Blood Drinker Sword] was fully injected into Ye Qingyu's body.

He began to circulate this force to heal his injuries.

The injuries of the Martial Emperor true form were embodied in Ye Qingyu's body as damage to the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] of the dantian world. At this time, the arms, shoulders, and waist of the true-self doppelganger, which was completely similar to Ye Qingyu in terms of size and appearance, contained horrific wounds. In particular, a wound at its waist nearly severed it into two. If the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] could not be healed in time, Dao injuries may be left behind, and might even lead to a fall in realm.

Ye Qingyu worked up the power from the [Blood Drinker Sword], using its front portion to treat the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger].

Like a bottomless vortex, the human-sized doppelganger frantically absorbed the pure Emperor qi. As time passed, the horrific wound on its waist gradually disappeared.

By the time the power from the [Blood Drinker Sword] was fully depleted, only this wound was healed.

Evidently, the energy required to heal Ye Qingyu's injuries was way more than his initial estimations.

He did not know that this was because his martial mental state and Dao law comprehension had rapidly deepened following that Emperor battle despite his extremely heavy injuries. The most direct effect of this kind of change on the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] was that the doppelganger silently increased in level. Given this kind of change, healing the injuries of the doppelganger naturally required more energy.

“It looks like I still have to cut flesh and draw blood.”

Ye Qingyu had no choice but to summon the [Cloud Top Cauldron] again.

During the Immortal Domain cultivation process earlier, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] had absorbed a large amount of the spiritual qi, and more so the Immortal materials, in the Immortal Domain. Ye Qingyu was originally not prepared to tap on this power, taking it to be his final trump card when he needed it at the eleventh hour. However, he decided to use it up at this time.

After all, the best trump card was matchless power. As long as he had sufficient strength to crush any opponent, there was no need to use a trump card.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] suspended above Ye Qingyu's head and shook gently, hanging down tens of millions of bright yellow silk streaks which resembled misty, chaotic tentacles. After entwining Ye Qingyu, they ran along his skin and permeated it to nourish his limbs and bones.

Ye Qingyu was somewhat surprised.

The effect of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was much stronger than that of the [Blood Drinker Sword].

At this time, the power that the cauldron drew from the Immortal Domain seeped into his skin bit by bit through these bright-yellow silk streaks, as if moistening him silently. This was different from the [Blood Drinker Sword’s] injection of power into Ye Qingyu's body like the surging of the Yangtze River. Comparatively speaking, the effect of the cauldron was more astonishing.

After seeping into Ye Qingyu's skin and nourishing his body, the Immortal Domain power did not enter the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] directly. To Ye Qingyu's surprise, he discovered that, as his body was getting nourished, the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] also displayed strange changes, becoming dazzling and giving off a divine splendor. Moreover, the injuries on its arms and shoulders disappeared little by little.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] is already my life
Emperor
weapon, yet the power of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] remains above it. Where exactly did this cauldron come from? This is a little frightening,
Ye Qingyu thought to himself.

Time went by.

Ten days and ten nights passed in a twinkling.

Because the power seeped into his skin bit by bit, the time needed to absorb it was longer.

Ye Qingyu gradually felt his body becoming saturated, like a balloon that was nearly pumped to its limits. Every cell throughout his body was filled with vigorous energy. However, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] shook gently and rotated lightly, continuing to hang those bright yellow silk streaks down and causing power to seep into Ye Qingyu's body endlessly.

“This won’t do. If this continues, I’ll explode...”

Surprised, Ye Qingyu wondered exactly how much energy the [Cloud Top Cauldron] absorbed in the Immortal Domain, such that it could cause a Martial Emperor like him to be unable to bear for much longer.

By this time, the injuries in his body had completely healed.

Ye Qingyu felt full of energy, while the doppelganger was sparkling and never in better shape.

However, just as he was about to end the recovery, the branches and leaves of the World Tree that occupied the central island of his dantian world suddenly quivered slightly and made a joyful rustling noise. At the same time, a strange vortex force was felt from the crown of the tree. It had actually begun to absorb the Immortal Domain power in Ye Qingyu's body on its own accord.

This change was not what Ye Qingyu had expected.

Ever since the World Tree entered his body, it had fed Ye Qingyu on several occasions, and was a key reason why Ye Qingyu could become Emperor during a critical moment. As described by that nameless Quasi-emperor, it had never absorbed energy from Ye Qingyu's body before. However, this time was an exception, causing Ye Qingyu to feel greatly shocked at once. It must be known that World Tree could absorb the power of a Martial Emperor to grow. Could it be that, this time, it...

However, the very next instant, he felt a strand of thought coming from the World Tree. Amid its joy was a hint of intimacy and absolutely no malice.

At the same time, strange changes appeared.

Every wisp of Immortal Domain power absorbed by the World Tree led to the falling of a jade-green leaf.

The leaves fluttered in the void of the dantian world, rising and falling in the air above the yuan qi ocean. When they finally landed, they turned into a boundless green on the surface of the water, forming a green island on which verdant vegetation grew and which instantly became full of vigor. Like the creation of nature, all kinds of rare divine and Immortal herb began to grow on the island.

“This...” Ye Qingyu's eyes could not help widening as he looked inward.

In a twinkling, three or four leaves had drifted in the air above the yuan qi ocean before landing on the water surface and forming green islands of various shapes and sizes. The islands instantly became full of vigor, with all kinds of plants, many of which had been extinct divine things in this world, frenziedly growing on them.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

