Chapter 1101:


Chapter 1116 - Please Treasure Yourself


Immediately, the golden-armored soldiers' eyes looked as though they were trying to resist this force, then their eyes turned blank as the silver light completely assimilated into their bodies.

Moments later, their eyes cleared as their lucidity returned.

"Greetings, my lord."

Hundreds of soldiers bowed in unison to Ye Qingyu.

When he sealed their memories he also planted new memories in their mind and the key principle behind those memories was that they were the Human Race headquarters' guards and will faithfully carry their orders.

"You may rise," Ye Qingyu said as he waved his hand. "In the future, you will have to obey Spokesperson Li's orders."

"Yes, my lord," the golden-armored experts turned to bow at Spokesperson Li and said in unison, "Greetings, my lord." They moved in perfect unison just like elite soldiers.

Their memories might have been sealed, but their techniques and battle strength did not deteriorate at all and thus, they were still incredibly strong. These men who numbered slightly more than a hundred were probably many hundred times stronger than the White-robed Divine Guards of the Human Race headquarters.

"You're dismissed," Spokesperson Li commanded.

Over one hundred golden-armored experts immediately left the hall.

Spokesperson Li, Lin Yutang, and the others looked at Ye Qingyu with the utmost respect. This technique of sealing others' memories and forcefully altering others' mind was a brilliant technique and it seemed like the abilities of fiendgods. They realized that Ye Qingyu was now truly invincible throughout the world - both his cultivation and remarkable abilities had already far surpassed his contemporaries, and the extent of his abilities are far beyond their imagination.

That was a brilliant technique!

"My lord, the status of the Human Race will rise significantly from today onwards," Spokesperson Li said excitedly.

If the Human Race had an invincible expert like Ye Qingyu watching over them, the strength of the golden-armored soldiers, as well as the support of the other Human Race forces throughout the Vast Thousand Domains, their race definitely had the potential of becoming the strongest race in another three to five years. If Ye Qingyu so desired, the Human Race could even unify the entire Vast Thousand Domains and re-establish the golden age of the ancient Emperors.

Lin Yutang and the others were also a little excited.

On the other hand, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon was a little worried in spite of his excitement—— he was not worried for himself, nor for his race because knowing how protective and sentimental Ye Qingyu was, he would not make things difficult for the Southern Waters Demon Race. Instead, he was worried that once the Human Race established an imperial dynasty that ruled over the entire Vast Thousand Domains, any other race apart from the Human Race would probably face oppression. The fact that Ye Qingyu wouldn't do this didn't mean that the other Human Race experts and ambitious leaders would also follow his example. After all, he was acting single-handedly and could not possibly oversee everything.

Ye Qingyu's gaze swept over them like a torch and immediately knew what they were thinking when he saw their expressions.

"I'll soon leave the Vast Thousand Domains, so I'll have to rely on Spokesperson Li and the rest of you to watch over the Human Race. I'll also be counting on all of you to raise the status of the Human Race," he said with a smile.

He was making it clear that he would not interfere in the matters of the Human Race headquarters any longer, neither did he have the desire to suppress the other races in a bid to become Emperor.

Spokesperson Li and the others could not help but feel a little disappointed.

Great Dragon Turtle Demon heaved a secret sigh of relief, then asked, "My lord, if you're going to leave the Vast Thousand Domains, where do you plan to go next? Could it be..."

Everyone's expression immediately changed at his words.

There had always only been one place that was not part of the Vast Thousand Domains and that was the Dark Realm. This was the only place throughout this world that was not part of the thousands of domains that made up the Vast Thousand Domains and it was a chaotic region. That was a truly deadly place and since the ancient times, many heroes and highly-skilled talents have perished there.

Ye Qingyu nodded and replied, "Yes, someone is waiting for me there."

He had long wanted to make his way there.

Then, he changed the subject and said, "Those golden-armored experts who numbered over a hundred will be a separate army of their own and they shall be called the Golden-armored Divine Guards and they shall rank only second to the White-robed Divine Guards. In the future, please take good care of them and try not to be too harsh on them. I believe that three hundred years later, they would make the correct decision even after their memories are restored... As for this person," he continued as he pointed to the elderly servant who was still pinned to the spot by his formation, "I'm taking him with me since I've got some questions for him."

"My lord, go ahead and take him if you must," Spokesperson Li swiftly answered.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

"Please try to keep the incident here today under wraps for now, and I'll also have to trouble the four leaders of the White-robed Divine Guards to investigate who are the forces and conglomerates plotting to attack Heaven Wasteland Domain. I want you to weed them all out and destroy them all."

He had no reason to show mercy because this was not the first time this has happened. He had already used several tactics to warn these forces off, but he hadn't expected them to refuse to turn from their wicked ways after warning them repeatedly, so it was time to punish these forces as a warning to the rest of the forces.

These forces, in particular, could not be spared since they had joined forces and even dared to think of harming Yu Xiaoxing, so their actions had stirred up his killing intent.

"Yes, my lord," Lin Yutang and the others accepted their orders.

They could clearly sense the killing intent behind his words, so he didn't need to give them explicit instructions for them to know what was expected of them.

The Human Race headquarters was now so powerful that they no longer need to be worried about the other forces. They would seize this opportunity to show the rest of the world how powerful they were and also strike fear into the rest of the forces who still harbored ill will toward the Human Race.

After he gave these instructions to Spokesperson Li and the others, his figure flashed and he disappeared from the main hall.

The elderly servant had also disappeared together with him.

A moment later, he re-appeared at Sunrise City.

This was the first city of the nineteen cities of chaos and he had also once obtained several opportunities from this place, but he was here today because he sensed that the elderly Quasi-emperor was in this city.

He travelled to the northern part of the city and arrived at a manor.

A wine goblet was suspected in the void and floated above the great hall, releasing a mysterious green light that sealed the entire hall.

It was an Emperor weapon.

Ye Chen must have used this weapon to trap the elderly Quasi-emperor in this place.

At his mental command, the power of laws surged and he removed the wine goblet from its place in the void.

The elderly servant stood behind him, a picture of despair but he did not dare to attempt to escape.

Ye Qingyu opened the door and entered the hall.

The entire hall was empty and it was not elaborately decorated at all.

An elderly man who wore a simple long robe sat quietly on a futon in the middle of the hall and Lu Wei knelt behind him, looking like he was overcome with grief but was helpless to do anything about it.

"You're here," the elderly man said.

It was the elderly Quasi-emperor.

"Yes," Ye Qingyu nodded. He sensed that the elderly Quasi-emperor was extremely frail and his strength had already fallen below that of Great Saint reallm. More importantly, his blood qi was almost completely exhausted and his life seemed like a tiny candle in the wind, its weak flame about to be extinguished at any moment.

The situation was worse than he had been expecting.

Theoretically, the elderly Quasi-emperor shouldn't have become so frail.

However, he soon noticed that there was also something odd about Lu Wei and there seemed to be a strange force within this body and it originated from a seed of energy that was gradually changing his aura. Ye Qingyu knew that the elderly Quasi-emperor must have used a mysterious technique to condense Quasi-emperor Knowledge into a seed and planted this seed into Lu Wei's body. This was the final present and legacy for his beloved grandson.

It was no wonder that the elderly Quasi-emperor had become so weak.

"I knew that you'd be able to resolve those matters," the elderly Quasi-emperor rose to his feet and turned around.

Ye Qingyu was stunned at his current appearance.

The elderly Quasi-emperor's face was now full of wrinkles that spread all over his face like the cracks of a parched riverbed, and his hair was extremely brittle and dry. He looked like a shadow of his former self where he always had white hair and a youthful complexion, and he would never regain his elegant presence.

Ye Qingyu felt saddened when he saw how much the elderly Quasi-emperor had aged.

This elderly man was worthy of respect and he had given his all for the sake of the Human Race and exhausted his vitality while doing so. He had also made his contributions from the shadows and did not care for profit nor fame. He was living in obscurity in Sunrise City even today and kept an extremely low profile. There was not a single soul in Sunrise City who knew that there was a Quasi-emperor in their midst and in the future, his name would probably be hardly mentioned in the annals of the Human Race for he had always given his all quietly and had never tried to make a name for himself.

"Good, I see you have finally reached the Quasi-emperor realm as well," the elderly Quasi-emperor said and his gaze was proud and admiring as he looked at Ye Qingyu. "I once questioned why the heavens were so harsh to the Human Race but now, I'll have to amend my statement. The heavens have been kind to the Human Race to have given us somebody as incredibly talented as yourself. There have been very few throughout history who have managed to become a Quasi-emperor at such a young age."

Despite the deterioration of the elderly Quasi-emperor's cultivation, he was still able to identify Ye Qingyu's true cultivation at first glance.

"I would like to leave you with this statement and I hope that you'll always remember it," the elderly Quasi-emperor said.

"Please share those words with me and I swear that I'll hold them close to my heart forever," Ye Qingyu said solemnly.

The elderly Quasi-emperor said sincerely, "Please treasure yourself."

Ye Qingyu was surprised for a brief moment, but soon understood what the elderly Quasi-emperor meant.

He also understood the sacrifices the elderly Quasi-emperor had made.

He nodded and said, "I will."

The elderly Quasi-emperor nodded with a smile then asked, "I guess you'll soon be heading to the Dark Realm, right?"

"Yes," Ye Qingyu nodded.

"Ha ha, it's about time," the elderly Quasi-emperor said with a smile, "There are many friends waiting for you there and the end is finally near. It is time to put an end to the eternal rounds of reincarnation," he paused for a moment and said, "You may go. I wish to live out my final days in this city. All the matters of this world will have nothing to do with me from now on, and I feel relieved to be able to thoroughly let go of this burden."

Ye Qingyu nodded and bowed respectfully at the elderly Quasi-emperor, then he slowly turned to leave the great hall.

He knew that once he left this place, he would no longer be able to meet this venerable elderly man.

"I don't want my name to appear in the annals in the future," the elderly Quasi-emperor added.

Ye Qingyu stopped in his tracks for a brief moment and wanted to persuade him otherwise, but he ultimately gave up on that thought and left the great hall.

The sky was very blue outside.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1102:


Chapter 1117 The Four Big Classes


Was this the Dark Realm?

Ye Qingyu was walking in a vast and dim land.

Two months had already passed since he had killed Ye Chen.

The effects of the aftermath from the battle of the Four Stars Sect had already been dealt with, and the few big factions and barons who conspired with Ye Chen to destroy the Heaven Wasteland Domain had been removed from the Vast Thousand Domains with extreme prejudice. This sent shockwaves through the other domains, which resulted in no other race or power daring to have any designs on the domain again. Furthermore, the Heaven Wasteland Domain had also grown, and it now possessed a force strong enough to defend itself.

After careful examination and rigorous testing, Ye Qingyu was sure that the Emperor weapons he had obtained from Ye Chen were indeed fake Emperor weapons that had somehow absorbed the qi of a true Martial Emperor. They were stronger than normal fake Emperor weapons, but they could not be classified as the real deal. After removing some marks on the weapons, he gave them to Spokesperson Li, and the four commanders, as well as a few powerful figures in the Heaven Wasteland Domain, as a form of self-defense.

Ye Qingyu only kept the [Blazing Mark of the Three Flames], [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds]s, and tthe broken demon saber with him.

Everything had been arranged.



Ye Qingyu finally stepped on the path toward the Dark Realm.

It was the first time he had gone to the so-called "Dark Realm", and he was currently still only on the outskirts of the domain.

The moon on this fifth day of the month was hanging in the sky, and dark clouds seemed to have covered by it; the light it gave off was dim.

A faint slit appeared in the space of the void, and a primordial chaos astral wind strong enough to rip a Saint to shreds seeped in and pervaded the entire void. It was terrifying, and any being not powerful enough would be instantly torn apart upon coming close to the area.

Furthermore, Ye Qingyu could clearly sense that the power of nature's five elements was turbulent in this region. Martial arts experts from the Vast Thousand Domains would find it hard to train here, and it would be tough trying to obtain spiritual qi from nature.

"No wonder the Dark Realm has basically always been a restricted zone for martial arts experts of the Vast Thousand Domains."

Even Ye Qingyu lamented.

The old butler followed dejectedly behind him.

He had tried to escape many times upon entering the perimeter of the Dark Realm, but Ye Qingyu grabbed him back every time. His legs were broken each time he tried to flee, and after numerous attempts, the old butler came to understand that Ye Qingyu had left a marker on him. Basically, it was impossible for him to escape.

"How is power being divided in the Dark Realm?"

Ye Qingyu asked.

Originally, he had not killed the old butler because he wanted a guide, aside from the fact that he wanted to find out the real story about the Forsaken Ye Clan. Its descendants were closely connected to the Dark Realm, and Ye Qingyu believed that the old man was definitely very familiar with the situation within the domain.

Facts proved his decision to be the right one.

"My lord, clans forgotten by the world reside in the Dark Realm. They have been forsaken by other clans of the Vast Thousand Domains, and a few individuals are extremely vicious characters that fled here after realizing that there was no place in the Vast Thousand Domains for them... Of course, they are foreigners in the eyes of the Dark Realm," the old butler said. He had been taught such a good lesson by Ye Qingyu that he was now afraid of the youth and truthfully spilled everything he knew without any hesitation.

"Foreigners? Do you mean that there are natives here?" Ye Qingyu asked as they walked.

"Yes, naturally, there are natives of the Dark Realm. They can be classified into four groups: Guardians, Sinners, Alien Dark Ones, and Invaders," the old butler replied. "The Forsaken Ye Clan originated from the Guardians, and this group of people wields great influence in the Dark Realm." The old man paused to think of an apt metaphor, before continuing, "It's rather like the status the Heaven Wasteland Empire holds in the Heaven Wasteland Domain; the Guardians are rulers."

Ye Qingyu nodded and asked a little curiously, "Why are there rulers in the Dark Realm as well?"

The old butler lowered his voice and replied mysteriously, "Of course. Legend has it that the Guardians were jointly created by Martial Emperors of each race. For millions of years, their descendants have lived here and followed the teachings of their ancestors. They rarely take part in matters of the Vast Thousand Domains and have always resided in the Dark Realm. In fact, this domain used to be a buffer zone segregated from the Vast Thousand Domains by the Supremes of days past."

Ye Qingyu seemed to be deep in thought after hearing the old butler.

"What about the Sinners?" he then asked.

"Legend has it that the Sinners used to be part of the Guardians. I believe they should also be descendants of the Martial Emperors. However, their ancestors committed a heinous sin a very long time ago and tainted the honor of the Guardians. As such, they were driven out of the camp of the Guardians, and their descendants have to bear the weight of the sins of their forefathers. They have little social status and are classified as having lowly ancestral roots. They live in the bleakest areas of the realm and fight with the Invaders. Even their descendants have continued to be branded as Sinners, and it is said that a higher being left a blood curse in them that they can never break away from."

The old butler had a look of disdain about him when he spoke about the Sinners. Obviously, even he despised this group of people.

"Have you seen Sinners before?" Ye Qingyu asked.

The old butler nodded and replied, "Yes, all of them look vicious, just like stones in a toilet—smelly and hard. However, even ordinary Sinners possess great strength. They are constantly fighting against the Invaders, and their battle instinct is incredibly terrifying. They commonly have the ability to challenge the norm and go against the flow..."

Upon hearing this, Ye Qingyu was even more curious about the Sinners.

"What about the Alien Dark Ones?" he continued to ask.

The old butler knew that he had to tell Ye Qingyu everything he knew without holding back any information. "The Dark Ones... in a sense, they are the ones that can truly be considered the natives of the Dark Realm. Millions of years after the Dark Realm was created, a strange species was born on this land. Collectively, they are known as the Dark Ones, and they are different from the other sentient beings of the Vast Thousand Domains. They cannot learn formation magic and martial arts, but they are born with a few natural talents and are incredibly suited to the environment of the Dark Realm. They have control over a few unique powers and are the largest group in the entire Dark Realm."

An alien species that originated from this realm?

Ye Qingyu was slightly shaken after listening to these words.

How could an entire species be born in the Dark Realm, this barren outskirt land filled with death? And an alien species, to boot? This world is truly amazing.

"What about the Invaders?" then Ye Qingyu asked.

Fear flashed in the old butler's eyes when he heard Ye Qingyu mention this group. He began to look unnatural as he replied, "The Invaders... are a bunch of demons who came from hell that destroy everything... There are rumors that they are destroyers who really came from the darkness. All along, their instinct is to kill, destroy, and devour all other living beings. No grass can grow from the places they've tread on, and apparently, they came from a slit in the Primordial Chaos Void. They are the enemy of all sentient beings."

Ye Qingyu nodded.

He had expected as much.

"So, the entire Dark Realm is roughly based on the foundation that the Guardians rule over the Sinners and Alien Dark Ones, using them to repel the Invaders, am I right?" Ye Qingyu asked.

"That's exactly right," the old butler replied with a nod.

"Let's go," Ye Qingyu said as he continued walking forward.

The borders of the Dark Realm covered a vast area, larger than any other domain Ye Qingyu had been to before. He had traveled at least tens of thousands of kilometers over the past twelve hours, but he was still on the outskirts of the domain.

"Come out, wyrm."

Ye Qingyu growled.

The White-boned Earth Dragon appeared in the air and landed close to Ye Qingyu. Its skeletal body was as shiny as jade, and it seemed to have evolved. Its bones also looked incredibly smooth, and a unique aura was flowing within them. It was a dark, primordial power, but it was not evil.

After absorbing the powers of Wei Wubing and Zhang Wuxin, and even that of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor and Dark Quasi-emperor, its own strength was at an unbelievable level now. There seemed to be no limits to how high it could increase its power, and it was continuously devouring and amplifying its strength. Now, it was already as powerful as a Quasi-emperor.

"Heavens, this is..." the old butler turned pale from shock, "an Invader?"

He was scared witless.

In a flash, Ye Qingyu appeared on the wyrm's head and he looked down at the old butler. The old man understood what he wanted and leaped onto the creature's back with fear and trepidation. He could not help feeling a shockwave of emotions. The fact that Ye Qingyu could control an Invader as if it was his slave was incredible.

Where did this young human come from?

The old man was feeling extremely curious and shocked at this moment.

Suddenly, other ideas appeared in his mind.

At this time, the wyrm had already transformed into a flowing white light and began galloping over the dark land. It was moving at an extremely great speed and covered hundreds of kilometers in an instant.

The old butler was guiding them along on the wyrm's back.

Ye Qingyu sat cross-legged on the wyrm's head. He closed his eyes and meditated.

Half a day later—

"The Primordial Chaos Waterfall is in front of us. We'll truly be in the Dark Realm after we get past it. It's very dangerous inside there, and lethal traps are hidden everywhere. Danger can hit us anytime," the old butler said as he pointed to a chaotic mist before them.

Ye Qingyu channeled his [Eyes of the Void] secretly and looked past the mist. Indeed, he could see a waterfall hanging in the highest part of the sky. It seemed to contain water like the Heavenly River and cut through Heaven and Earth itself. Primordial chaos qi pervaded the air there, and a dark power circled around the area. It acted like a sharp ray of energy from a saber and slashed through nature itself.

Is that the Primordial Chaos Waterfall?

Indeed, it looked as though primordial qi had fallen from the Nine Heavens and was pouring down upon the mortal world. Even though they were hundreds of kilometers away, he could still feel the terrifying and chaotic primordial aura.

"We have to change our appearance after passing through the Primordial Chaos Waterfall, especially..." The old butler pointed at the White-boned Earth Dragon below them as he spoke. "There will be a huge commotion if it appears in the Dark Realm in this manner, and it'll be hunted by everyone."

Ye Qingyu nodded.

He knew that the wyrm was giving off an aura very similar to that of the Invaders.

In the blink of an eye, the Primordial Chaos Waterfall was right before them.



"This waterfall is extremely scary and acts like a natural barrier. The primordial chaos qi in a few districts gets slightly weaker at certain timings. Let me see... Hmm, the last time the qi around the waterfall grew weaker was half a month ago. We can wait a little while..." the old butler suggested as he counted using his fingers.

However—

"Charge right into it," Ye Qingyu shouted.

The wyrm roared and a white light surged and surrounded its entire body. It leaped directly into the turbulent storm of primordial chaos like a tiger leaping across a stream. The old butler turned pale from shock and was about to shout for it to stop when a barrier of light appeared on the wyrm's body, easily blocking the destructive force of the waterfall outside it.

"This..." He had never imagined that the white skeletal beast of war was so powerful.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu noticed something strange.

"Something's not quite right. This waterfall isn't just simply a turbulent flow of primordial chaos qi. It seems to be transmitting magical formations, but somehow space and time have been reversed. What's going on? Could the core districts of this Dark Realm exist in a different dimension from the Vast Thousand Domains?"

It was a little weird.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1103:


Chapter 1118 Shards of the World


It took about thirty minutes to go through the waterfall. Judging by the wyrm's speed, the waterfall was about tens of thousands of kilometers wide.

Everything about the Dark Realm was so vast and immense that it was frightening.

Finally, there was a faint glow in front of them.

A pale white ray of light shot toward them.

The roar of the Primordial Chaos Waterfall had disappeared.

"We're out," said the old butler. He sounded as though he had just survived a life-threatening ordeal.

The wyrm gave out a long howl and landed on the ground.

It shook its body slightly, and flesh grew above its skeletal structure rapidly. In the blink of an eye, it had transformed into a winged and brightly colored white tiger that looked incredibly majestic. It was filled with spiritual qi and it had completely concealed all traces of the dark aura it had displayed earlier on.

Ye Qingyu nodded and stroked its head gently in approval.

After consecutively devouring the powers of a few extremely powerful beings, the wyrm already became spiritual. In fact, it was full of spiritual qi and it did not have to be told what to do. It could read the thoughts of the people around it and knew what to do, just like an unknowing child that had finally turned into an adult. It appeared more tame now, or rather, one could say that it was more "human" like.

The wyrm gave out a long howl as a reply to Ye Qingyu.

Finally, they had arrived at the real major area of the Dark Realm.

Ye Qingyu looked around them.

The core of the Dark Realm did not look like what Ye Qingyu had imagined it to be. It was not enveloped in darkness, but instead, it was even brighter than the outskirts of the domain. A pale white light hovered in the air that did not look natural. It shone down upon the domain, and everything Ye Qingyu and company saw looked white, tranquil, and cold, causing them to look deathly.

It was different from the border districts on the outskirts of the domain. All they could see were vast stretches of wasteland, crumbled walls, palaces, grass huts, destroyed mountain ranges, cracked-up land, dried-up rivers, burned-down forests, and of course, white bones strewn everywhere...

"So, the so-called Dark Realm is actually a completely wasted world?" Ye Qingyu understood a little about the domain now.

It was a forsaken and broken dimension.

A completely barren world.

Everything they laid their eyes on was either damaged or scorched earth. What was more intriguing was the fact that damaged palaces and grass huts were buildings that should not appear beside each other, but here they were a few hundred meters away from each other, as if beggars used to live beside the royal palace. It did not make any sense at all.

Ye Qingyu even spotted a very strange metal product. It was constructed with normal steel, but he did not know what it was used for. It was covered in rust, shaped very weirdly, and buried halfway into the ground...

Furthermore, there was another strange material that looked like glazed ceramic but it was not entirely so. It was completely untouched by rust but extremely brittle. It reflected off different colors and shapes, and he had not seen anything like it in the Vast Thousand Domains...

Ye Qingyu continued advancing with the wyrm and the old butler. Soon after, they encountered a huge piece of the strange material from before. It was red in color and incomplete, as if it was a shard of something huge.

"My lord, these things are commonly seen forms of waste material in the Dark Realm. They're too fragile to be constructed into weapons, and they cannot withstand heat or cold. They do not have any use for martial arts experts, but the native Dark Ones are very good at using them. They use fire to bake and soften them into a mud-like substance that can be kneaded into various types of other items..." the old butler said. He immediately began to explain after noticing Ye Qingyu's perturbed expression. "The Dark Ones call this material plastic. It's a strange name."

"Plastic?" Ye Qingyu remarked, feeling curious.

It was the first time he had heard of the name.

"Yes, most of those lowly aliens cannot practice formation magic or martial arts. To survive, they behave like burrowing rats and dig everywhere and eat anything, giving them a unique power unrelated to formations or martial arts. It is said that the Dark Ones found many things in various ruins and dumps that do not belong to this world. After further experimentation, they managed to create many strange items with various uses, such as this plastic. Even though it's fragile, it's very light and can be used to store water; liquid will not seep through it..." said the old butler in a somewhat haphazard fashion.

Evidently, he did not know much about the Dark Ones.

"Things that do not belong to this world?" Ye Qingyu was perturbed.

The old butler chuckled and explained as if the information he was about to say was treasure. "My lord, there's something you do not know. It is rumored that the Dark Realm was not born of natural causes. Instead, countless number of years ago, a few Supreme Emperors came together to form the world, and the original material used to form the Dark Realm was from worlds from other dimensions that had already been destroyed... The shards of those worlds drifted in the infinite wilderness of time and space, as if they had been exiled by the Eternal. All life had been extinguished from them, and the Supreme Beings of the Vast Thousand Domains took part of them with their great magical abilities and formed them into the Dark Realm before merging it into the Vast Thousand Domains as a buffer zone to block off intrusions by foreign invaders. As such, we can find many strange objects in the Dark Realm that cannot be explained by any knowledge system of the Vast Thousand Domains, even though they exist. It is said that they are objects left behind in the pieces of those destroyed worlds, and they belong to them."

Ye Qingyu was a little clearer now.

That said, he could feel that he was becoming increasingly shocked. The methods used by the Supreme Martial Emperors of the past were truly incredible. They had reached past the flow of space and time to cut off pieces of other worlds to form a new one, before merging it into the Vast Thousand Domains. An idea flashed in his mind, and he guessed that the reason why the ancient Martial Emperors did so was not simply to create a buffer zone for the Vast Thousand Domains.

Ye Qingyu thought about it as they continued walking. Gradually, he seemed to have come up with some hypotheses.

These pieces of destroyed worlds should have retained traces of those worlds, along with some discarded items and their secrets. Take this so-called "plastic" for example. It could not be found in the Vast Thousand Domains, and the ancient Supreme Martial Emperors could very possibly have formed the Dark Realm because they hoped that their descendants could get a glimpse of the civilization and might of these destroyed worlds through such traces.

After all, a breakthrough could only be achieved by learning from other people.

It was a pity that their descendants had not really done so, judging by how the old butler had described the division of power in the Dark Realm.

Their mastery of formation magic and martial arts were so powerful that they seemed to be gods or demons. They compacted the objects left behind by shards of those shattered worlds, but their descendants ended up loving the cultivation of martial arts and used them to resolve everything, while despising the power contained within the bits and pieces of discarded items from those worlds that were already destroyed.

Except for the Dark Ones. They had little to no social bearing and were unable to learn formation magic or martial arts techniques, and they had to really try to decipher the secrets of those worlds to survive. In the process, they mastered a power unrelated to formation magic or martial arts.

As he thought about this, Ye Qingyu decided that he would like to pay a visit to these so-called Dark Ones.

However, the most pressing matter at hand was still to visit the place where Mr. Ren Puyang was attacked and to find out the truth about certain matters.

"Let's go."

"We're headed to Luoshen Ridge," Ye Qingyu said.

Luoshen Ridge was the place in the Dark Realm where Ren Puyang and Lin Yutang were attacked. Ye Qingyu had already slayed all of Ren Puyang's murderers who were in the Vast Thousand Domains, but the real masterminds were, in fact, influential figures who were hiding in the Dark Realm. He wanted to meet the master of Luoshen Ridge on his first visit there; he was also one of the murderers. Ye Qingyu had obtained all of this information after the wyrm had absorbed all of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor's memories.

The old butler knew the reason behind Ye Qingyu's visit to the ridge and was so afraid that he could feel trepidation in his heart. He hesitated many times before finally plucking up the courage to speak. "My lord, Zhang Longcheng, the master of Luoshen Ridge, is one of the nobles conferred with a title by the Guardians. He holds special privileges in the Dark Realm. Are you really going to charge directly into his territory?"

"What do you think?" asked Ye Qingyu casually.

The old butler trembled and nearly died of shock. Still, there was no way for him to escape, he could only resume honestly guiding Ye Qingyu along.

Half a day later—

Luoshen Ridge could be spotted in the distance.

It was a collapsed part of a mountain range, and there were no complete peaks along the entire ridge. Most of them had been cut in half, as if deities had battled here long ago and caused destruction to the entire mountain range.

After all, everything in the Dark Realm looked like this.

"Huh?" Ye Qingyu exclaimed as a strange look appeared on his face.

This was because he had noticed a strange, hot aura that pervaded the air of this mountain range in decline. It was not natural spiritual qi of the fire element, but an energy that seemed closer to that of fiery poison. It was faint and could not form any threat to ordinary beings, but it was still not advisable to remain in this place for long.

Ye Qingyu released his divine sense.



He found the battlefield where Ren Puyang was killed after a brief observation.

After a short while, he appeared on the battlefield.

It could not be considered a secluded and quiet cliff or valley. It was more like a huge jar that was concave, and it covered a few hundred square kilometers. It was barren and black rocks could be seen everywhere. They looked strange, as if they were made of molten lava that had crystallized. What was worth noting was that he could sense the weird fiery poison even more clearly within the valley. It was at least a few dozen times more intense than that of other ordinary mountain ranges.

Such fiery poison power had never appeared in the Vast Thousand Domains.

Ye Qingyu stood exactly at the center of the valley and thought in silence. Soon after, wave after wave of strange energy emanated from his body and splattered in the void like an invisible dye. Continuous ripples stirred in the void. Then something changed, and one holographic image after another appeared without warning.

"Emperor Detection Technique!"

The old butler's pupils suddenly shrank to the size of a needle's tip upon seeing this.

Ye Qingyu is using the Emperor Detection Technique?

He... has already become an Emperor?

It was only now that the old butler knew the true extent of Ye Qingyu's power.

He was using the Emperor Detection Technique to re-enact the scene of Ren Puyang's death. They seemed to have been transported back in time and could see everything that had happened yesterday.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1104:


Chapter 1119 Black Haired Dark Ones


The Emperor Detection Technique could only be used by an expert at the Quasi-emperor level or above. After someone became a Quasi-emperor, he or she could sense and would bear the destiny of the Heavens. It was a mysterious technique that was similar to space-time reversal, and it required a certain medium to re-enact what happened some time ago.

The medium Ye Qingyu needed was the battleground of that ill-fated day.

He wanted to use the battlefield to help re-enact the true incident to know the identities of all of Ren Puyang's assailants. After all, the memories the wyrm had absorbed from the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor and the other experts were incomplete. First, this was a limitation of the process of absorbing memories, and second, the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor and his accomplices did not know the complete truth about the inner workings of the entire incident.

Strange waves of energy kept emanating out of Ye Qingyu's body that filled the entire valley around the battlefield, like water rippling through and cleansing the surrounding area.

Scenes of that unfortunate incident appeared in the void.

Ren Puyang and Lin Yutang were suddenly attacked while walking. Their assailants were incredibly tough, and there were a total of sixteen figures, all of them extremely strong.

Ye Qingyu looked at the images flicker, as if they were holographic images projected onto a screen.

He was shocked shortly after.

This was because Lin Yutang had fainted and suffered serious injuries the instant they were attacked, but Ren Puyang had displayed incredibly strong power. It was a power that only experts at the Quasi-emperor level possessed, and each of his moves was groundbreaking.

Mr. Ren Puyang's level of cultivation was at the Quasi-emperor realm?

This was extremely shocking news to Ye Qingyu.

Before this, the power displayed by Ren Puyang while in the Vast Thousand Domains was, at most, at the peak Great Saint realm. He was definitely not as powerful as a Quasi-emperor. Not long after the battle began, Ren Puyang had completely suppressed all sixteen skirmishers and even managed to rescue Lin Yutang. The outcome was not as terrible as everyone expected, and this result was evidently incredibly shocking to the assailants.

However, a scarlet gold ray of light shot down from the sky eventually, containing immense power within it, that killed Ren Puyang.

It was a terrible force that could slay Quasi-emperors as if they were chickens. Ren Puyang's Quasi-emperor realm power was powerless to stop the reddish-gold ray of light from shattering his protective barrier the instant it appeared. It pierced through his body but did not harm his flesh. Instead, his soul seemed to have been directly extinguished, thus ending the battle.

After that, Lin Yutang was spared his life by the sixteen skirmishers, and they even allowed him to carry Ren Puyang's corpse back.

The whole process was exactly the same as Lin Yutang's description.

A moment later, all the strange images in the void disappeared.

Ye Qingyu stopped using the Emperor Detection Technique.

Sixteen skirmishers, along with that ray of reddish-gold light...
These images were already seared deeply into Ye Qingyu's mind, and he committed the figures, auras, and techniques of the sixteen to memory. Coupled with the memories absorbed by the wyrm, he was confident in hunting down all of them. As for the reddish-gold light ray, it was definitely not something unknown. If it had the might to kill Ren Puyang, who possessed a Quasi-emperor realm strength, it had to be an awe-inspiring presence in the entire Dark Realm. Ye Qingyu was sure that he could track it down as well.

No matter who Mister Ren Puyang's assassins were, anyone who harmed him had to die.

An eye for an eye.

Murderous intent circled around the deepest part of Ye Qingyu's pupils for a while, before he kept them well in check.

"We can't move around while maintaining our current appearance. We have to change our identities."

Ye Qingyu had some ideas after a moment's consideration.

Soon enough, there were a few changes to his figure. His bones began rattling, and very quickly Ye Qingyu grew one head taller until he was more than two meters tall. His figure had turned tall and sturdy like a small giant. His black hair had turned flaming red, as if he had dyed it with blood. His body shape had turned svelte and his posture ramrod straight—he looked like a javelin stuck in the ground. There was a sharp and untamed air about him.

The clothes on his body were torn apart.

"Come out, [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds]s."

With a single thought, swirls of flowing clouds emanated from his eyebrows and enveloped his entire body before eventually transforming into a long robe and cloud-stepping boots that were as red as blood. It made his body look increasingly tall and straight like a blazing ball of flames.

Ye Qingyu had refined the magical artifact known as the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds]s after obtaining it and had altered it slightly with the secret technique of one hundred eight ancient characters. Its shape had been completely changed, and he contained the aura of shifting clouds that it originally gave off. He believed that even if Ye Chen were reborn, he would not have discovered that this red long robe and cloud-stepping boots used to be the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds].

After a round of transformation, Ye Qingyu had completely changed into another person.

Even his aura had been completely changed. The usual icy aura was gone, replaced by an energy that was a mixture of lightning and fire. It gave him a dangerous and overpowering presence.

Ye Qingyu thought of something. He turned to look at the wyrm at his side.

The wyrm immediately howled. Its body trembled as its coat of white fur turned fiery-scarlet red. This caused it to turn from a white tiger with wings into a flaming winged tiger, instantly matching the outer appearance of Ye Qingyu.

"Hahaha." Ye Qingyu laughed.

This wyrm was becoming more attuned to human behavior.

After that, he turned to glance at the old butler, feeling a little hesitant. Logically speaking, if they wanted to completely change their identities, this person should not be tagging along with them. This was because the inside story of Ye Chen's death could not be kept secret for much longer. He believed that the Forsaken Ye Clan would eventually be able to find out the truth, and also that they could possibly deduce his true identity if he brought the old butler along with him.

The old butler immediately realized why Ye Qingyu was hesitating. He became incredibly afraid, as though his soul had fled his body, and he hurriedly knelt down. "No, my lord, spare me, don't kill me. I can change myself too. I'm very familiar with the Dark Realm, and I can act as your guide, my lord. I, I, I, I... I'm familiar with the language of the Dark Ones. My lord, you need me here..."

The old man was so scared that he was speaking incoherently.

Ye Qingyu thought about what he said. He felt that the old butler was indeed somewhat useful, and allowing him to change his identity would delay the Ye Clan's investigations a little longer.

Ye Qingyu nodded, deep in thought.

The old butler let out a sigh of relief and hurriedly used a certain secret technique to change his appearance into that of a wretched-looking page about ten years of age, his makeover actually pretty accurate.

Ye Qingyu created a hand sign, forming the "Wei" formation of the one hundred eight ancient characters before striking it deep into the butler's body. In this way, even a Quasi-emperor would not be able to discover the true identity of this "page".

"In the future, your name will be… Little… er, Eleven," Ye Qingyu said.

"Yes, sir." The old servant was relieved to know that he would not die for the time being.

Ye Qingyu stroked the wyrm's head fondly and said, "As for you, you'll be known as Little Ten from now on." It was looking fearsome after turning into a flaming winged tiger, so it was a little strange to keep calling it a wyrm.

I don't know what the silly dog Little Nine would think of having two juniors now.

Ye Qingyu's lips curved into a smile at the thought.

He thought about Nan Tieyi, Hu Bugui, and the silly dog Little Nine.

When he was in Sunrise City, the old Quasi-emperor had told him the last time they met that the people he was seeking were in the Dark Realm. At that time, Ye Qingyu did not take his words to heart, but after careful consideration, he recalled that the old Quasi-emperor seemed to have used the Emperor Detection Technique to extrapolate the positions of Little Nine and the others with the help of a medium. Therefore, his friends should really be within the domain.

"Let's go to Central City of Luoshen Ridge to meet Zhang Longcheng."

Ye Qingyu jumped onto Little Ten's back.

There was a city built upon ruins in the central district of Luoshen Ridge. It was known as Central City, and it did not cover a large land area. Roughly more than one hundred thousand Guardians resided within the city, and it had an organized army. The lord of the city, Zhang Longcheng, was a noble who had the title conferred upon him by the Guardian camp. He had a high standing among his people and could be considered a small feudal lord of the Dark Realm.

Soldiers kept strict watch at the city gates.

This was not to prevent enemy forces from invasion, however. Invaders were not commonly seen within the borders and administrative districts of Luoshen Ridge. The main activity of the soldiers was to prevent the majority of the lowly Dark Ones from entering the city. This was because Zhang Longcheng, the lord of the city, despised them and thought that they were simply too filthy.

Ye Qingyu rode the flaming winged wyrm tiger and landed about thirty kilometers away from Central City. The wyrm had shrunk itself, but it still gave off a fearsome aura. Ye Qingyu rode upon the beast, while the old butler, Eleven, followed beside them.

The area was filled with all sorts of buildings haphazardly built against the mountains. There were grass huts, houses of stone, grottos, and caves everywhere, and it looked like a vast slum. Countless numbers of Dark Ones resided here like dogs and powerless beings. Their lives were hard, but they were hanging on grittily.

Ye Qingyu rode on the tiger along the main road. He lost count of the number of aliens who looked at him fearfully as he passed them by. They took measure of him from afar, and a few of them were so afraid that they knelt and automatically paid their respects to him.

They thought that someone as imposing as Ye Qingyu must have come from the camp of the Guardians.

Ye Qingyu observed them somewhat curiously as well.

He realized that the so-called Dark Ones or aliens of this district looked nearly the same as humans of the Vast Thousand Domains. Aside from their slightly thinner and shorter build, there was nothing strange about their black irises or hair. He arrived at the conclusion that this was their natural look even after scanning them with his divine sense. They were no different from the humans of the Vast Thousand Domains.

This made Ye Qingyu very shocked.

"What's going on?"

Could the title "Alien Dark Ones" actually refer to humans?

Ye Qingyu turned around to glance at Eleven.

Eleven hurriedly came over to explain. "My lord, the administrative district that Luoshen Ridge is located at was part of a planet known as 'Earth'. This information was discovered from a few ancient ruins, and as such, this area is known as the 'Earth Province'. The majority of the Dark Ones who reside on the shard of this planet look extremely similar to the humans, but their meridians are naturally condensed and narrow. They possess a frail physique and congested dantian, resulting in an inability to learn formation magic or martial arts. It is also for this reason that the Guardian camp does not recognize them and treats them like defective humans and incomplete beings. Their social status is lower even than that of slaves, but they can reproduce at an alarming rate and have a fierce vitality, just like ticks... In times of famine and starvation, not only are they used for cannon fodder, but they will also be eaten as food..."

Ye Qingyu frowned.

At this moment, they suddenly heard crying and shouting in front of them.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

