Chapter 49:


Chapter 49 – Heavy Handed

Ye Qingyu attempted to use all methods to escape — apart from using the techniques from the golden armoured King. In the end, he was not able to escape from the middle-aged man’s ruthless beating. When the middle-aged man finally stopped and left with a satisfied smile, Ye Qingyu was already covered with swollen lumps, even in a state worse than yesterday.

Kache!

The black door closed and locked.

In the courtyard, only Ye Qingyu was left, grimacing in pain.

“Ow… this old fellow… really is ruthless…” Ye Qingyu said, looking at the lumps on his body. He felt that looking to get beaten like this was really no different from being crazy. But he still needed to confirm whether yesterday’s judgement was correct or not.

He sat cross legged, activating his inner yuan to treat his injuries.

Within the dantian world, yuan qi from the Spirit spring began bubbling, transforming into inner yuan that headed towards Ye Qingyu’s body. It nourished his flesh and bones, and apart from this, also began to disperse the swollen lumps.

This time, it took a total of two hours before the injuries were completely gone.

He slowly stood up, sensing the changes in his inner yuan.

An expression of astonishment appeared on his face.

“That’s right, the feeling I had yesterday was not wrong. The compatibility between the inner yuan and the body has definitely gotten even better. The swollen lumps that this middle-aged man creates on my body is definitely not simple!”

Ye Qingyu silently evaluated in his heart.

The skinny middle-aged man looked ruthless and malicious, but Ye Qingyu had never sensed a shred of killing intent from him. His strange powerful fingers, on the surface seemed incomparably powerful, and even metal armour would not be able to withstand this type of power. But when used on Ye Qingyu’s body, it only caused swollen lumps to appear…

From yesterday, Ye Qingyu had already suspected that the skinny middle-aged man was a friend and not an enemy.

Now he was even more sure.

Right now, Ye Qingyu could finally know for certain that the skinny middle-aged man was aiding him. Through this type of peculiar finger technique, he broke through the blockages on his body.

These places, after Ye Qingyu carefully examined, was the places that was not yet refined when he was at the ordinary martial stage – since Ye Qingyu used less than three months of time to walk a path normal people would need more than a year to walk, even if his talent was even greater, there was inevitably some omissions.

This type of situation did not only appear on Ye Qingyu.

Normally speaking, when a martial artist left the ordinary martial stage, they did not train every part of their body to the extreme. There would typically be a weak spot or dead vitals that they could not train. Once the martial artist entered the Spirit spring stage and was able to control the Xiantian yuan qi power, and spending years upon years, only then could they completely train these weak points.

The finger technique of the skinny middle-aged man was mysterious and his observation was poisonously sharp. Just from a glance, he could tell that there were points on Ye Qingyu’s body that were not refined to its fullest, and using his yuan qi, marked it out.

This could be counted as a help in disguise to Ye Qingyu.

It was only that his methods were a little too ruthless. His finger strikes had made him so sore that Ye Qingyu’s cries were like the tragic howling of a wolf.

“The old fellow seems like he doesn’t like me very much. Then why does he help me?” Ye Qingyu was puzzled, not able to think through this point.

……

The next few days, similar things happened.

Everyday, the skinny middle-aged man would appear with the food. And every time, he would beat Ye Qingyu till he was badly battered, his entire body swollen with lumps as if he wanted to beat Ye Qingyu to death…

And Ye Qingyu could not resist, and could only sorrowfully accept this treatment.

Several times, Ye Qingyu’s cheap mouth acted up again. He could not endure and insulted the middle-aged man through a few phrases. The result was that Ye Qingyu’s teeth were nearly knocked out by the skinny man, making Ye Qingyu much more honest from then on.

Every time he was beaten, Ye Qingyu would activate his inner yuan to treat the injuries, spending a significant amount of time. Afterwards, he would find that his body would become more and more translucent, without any flaws whatsoever. The blockages that were blocking the inner yuan numbered less and less.

There once were grandmasters of rune formations who compared inner yuan as a surging river and the human body as the river bed. Only by having less rocks and sand in the river bed would the river flow with even more power and strength.

Ye Qingyu discovered that after the skinny middle-aged man’s beatings, the impurities and blockages within his body became fewer and fewer. His inner yuan passed through his meridians and muscles without any blockages whatsoever, able to produce an even greater force.

These types of days continued.

Ye Qingyu continued to have a bad mouth, be beaten, treating injuries, and raising his strength every day, awaiting the end of his sentence of confinement.

Time passed by quickly.

Today.

It was the last day of Ye Qingyu’s confinement.

When the first rays of dawn shined past the northwest corner of the wall, this was the time that Ye Qingyu’s confinement was truly over.

He was imprisoned for three months in such a strange and isolated place, and only able to see black walls and blue sky. Apart from this, there would be very few other colours in his view. Although Ye Qingyu had long become accustomed to being alone, but even he felt bored and restless being confined here for so long.

This day, Ye Qingyu did not continue to train.

He sat there cross legged, considering the things he should do when he left. Right now, he had already truly entered into the Spirit spring stage, and could be counted as a little expert. There was no longer a need to be afraid of the slightest thing.

Especially some of the left over business he had, he needed to settle quickly.

What the Ye family lost in these four years, he would, bit by bit, take it back.

The inherited family sword, some properties, the Ye family house… these things did not mean much to the Ye Qingyu today, but he knew he must take it all back.

This was not due to incentives.

It was due to dignity… and emotions.

But only second year class students had the right to leave and go from White Deer Academy as they please. The first year students were still in a period where they were strictly controlled, and restricted from leaving the area of their year… Therefore, the most important thing for Ye Qingyu to do when he left was to attempt to jump a class!

Jumping a class!

Quickly finished the lessons of the first year and directly entering the second year.

For the current Ye Qingyu, this did not pose too great a difficulty. His strength was by far enough, and he only had to pass through some tests before he could succeed.

Apart from this were some miscellaneous things. Such as finding a suitable spirit weapon and placing it to be submerged within the Spirit spring, becoming his life spirit weapon. The [Inexorable spear]’s force and impact was great, but in the end it was not a Spirit weapon

The sunlight was not as harsh as it was a month ago.

Ye Qingyu’s torso was bare and his thick black hair flowed down from his back like a waterfall, directly to the ground. A masculine beauty was emitted from his body, and a strange aura of strength completely surrounded his body.

What was strange was that even after the sun had already set, the skinny middle-aged man still did not appear.

The disciplinary teacher was swapped again, and this person was like a mute. No matter what Ye Qingyu asked, he only shook his head and did not speak.

Originally, Ye Qingyu wanted to control his bad mouth and wanted to properly thank the strange skinny middle-aged man. It looks like that Ye Qingyu would not have this opportunity.

It was a quiet night.

Ye Qingyu laid down on the black ground that was still faintly warm from the heat of the sun.

The vast and starry sky had a brilliance that was as if diamonds were studded onto the pitch black night. This familiar sight was as if Ye Qingyu had once again seen his parents’ kind and gentle faces on the starry night…

It was unknown when tears began dripping down Ye Qingyu’s cheeks.

The memories that he wanted to forget four years ago once again came one right after another.

“Mother, father, are you faring well in the embrace of the stars? Your child has already grown up, your child is already an expert at the Spirit spring stage… Father, don’t worry, I still remember your last words. I will definitely go to the court of the royal family of Snow Country, and find the secret you have left for me…”

“I don’t care who it is, I don’t care which forces caused such a bloody scene to be created. I will definitely investigate who was involved in this. I swear, I will definitely make them pay for blood with their blood!”

Ye Qingyu continued to speak to himself.

He did not know why, but tonight, he did not want to train at all. He only wanted to lie on his back and look at the starry skies, as if time had returned. As if he had returned to the joyful days, the days where he was with his parents, sitting in seats at the ancestral house looking at the stars…

Who knows when did he finally sleep.

Ye Qingyu had never wanted to allow his life to become devoted to vengeance, he did not want revenge to cover up all the other bright colours of his life. In these past four years, he had thought he had long seen through revenge…

But at this instant, he only understood right then. Revenge, was not something that could be easily let go.

……

On the ninety first day, the first ray of the golden dawn shown on the black [Grievance Hall].

Two disciplinary teachers unlocked the rune formation door.

“Time is up, leave.”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

He had long packed his belongings, walking directly to the door.

After walking several steps, Ye Qingyu suddenly thought of something. He looked at the wall, shouting, “Hey, I’m leaving. I don’t know who’s in the wall beside me, but if you hear my words, remember, once you come out I’ll treat you to alcohol!”

These words were said to his mysterious neighbour over the wall.

Once he had finished, Ye Qingyu walked with large strides outside the [Grievance Hall].

……

“Treat me to alcohol? Haha, this little fellow, is quite interesting…”

Blue Sky sat quietly in his courtyard.

The ending of his solitary confinement was not yet over, and there was still a decent amount of time till the end.

But he was not rushed in the slightest.

He looked at the slowly rising red sun, squinting his eyes. He thought of something and sighed, saying, “Drinking alcohol is of course good, but the beautiful days that one is able to sit and drink is quickly coming to an end…”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 50:


Chapter 50 – Is He Not Afraid That I’ll Break the Legs of his Dogs?

Ye Qingyu was released.

This news was as if it had grown wings, spreading quickly throughout the entire first year area of White Deer Academy. Until today, very many still remembered what happened three months ago.

That day, a person that was not in the top fifty at all, using two spears, pierced through the high up geniuses in the list of ten. He destroyed six arenas, defeated Qin Wushuang and broke past the ordinary martial stage…

The things that happened on that day were like a legend.

Many people, when they thought back to the events of that day, they were still incomparably shocked, the blood in their bodies boiling.

And today, the person who created this legend would end his solitary confinement and emerge.

Three months had already passed, how strong would he have gotten?

In an instant, many students of White Deer Academy began intentionally gathering near the entrance of the [Grievance Hall], hoping to get a glance of something…

Kache!

The black door with runes and formations on it began to open.

Numerous eyes turned to gaze at this.

Under the sunlight, the bearded youth walked out, with his black hair hanging down to his thighs. The one meter and a bit long spear holster hung from his back. He seemed more haggard and skinny, and the unbridled recklessness evident in his expression seemed to have been moderated.

“He’s come out!”

“It’s Ye Qingyu!”

“It seems he’s slightly gaunt and exhausted!”

“He’s been confined for three months, with an entire ninety days without any teachings or cultivation resources. I estimate that Ye Qingyu’s strength has not improved that much!”

“That’s right, the [Grievance Hall] is not that suitable for training.”

“Wah wah, quickly look. Qin Wushaung’s people have appeared, with Quan Yalin leading… Through my estimation, the second part of this story is about to begin!”

The students all discussed heatedly.

Unknowingly, many people had already placed Ye Qingyu as one of their focal points. From the moment that Ye Qingyu stepped out from the [Grievance Hall], gazes could not help but be gathered onto him.

But they only looked from afar.

He had offended the entire noble organization in the academy and was a thorn in countless people’s eyes. The brighter and more radiant Ye Qingyu was meant that less and less people would want to be his friend. The waves he had caused, after three months, how peaceful could it have gotten?

No one knew.

There were even some students that were itching to act against Ye Qingyu. In these three months, their strengths had increased explosively. With such a good opportunity to prove themselves, if they were able to defeat Ye Qingyu, this was a chance to become close to the noble organization and be famed throughout. Was this not fame and fortune both at once?

Within the crowd, only one person was different—

“Brother Qingyu!!”

The little loli Song Xiaojun came bouncing and cheering, charging straight at Ye Qingyu.

She did not have the slightest care or restraint, and was only acting on her impulses from the bottom of her heart. She was like a little deer that had finally met her old friend, with an undisguised joy and delight.

“Brother Qingyu you’ve finally been released!” The little loli grabbed Ye Qingyu’s hands, jumping up and down, wantonly cheering.

Ye Qingyu patted the little loli on the head, being infected by her happiness. A smile appeared on his face.

The people nearby had complicated feelings when they saw this scene.

The little loli Song Xiaojun was different from the ‘cold and haughty’ Ye Qingyu. She was a simple and innocent little girl, and as cute as if she was a jade doll. No matter who she faced, she was passionate and happy to help without any malicious intentions, able to make many friends in the year.

And furthermore, she was one of the people that head teacher Wang Yan had high expectations for. Her hidden talent was extremely exceptional. In the four months that she had been in the academy, she gradually emerged with her strength growing rapidly. This attracted the attention of many organizations and caused her to have great relationships within the entire first year.

But many people knew that even though Song Xiaojun had many friends, she only had one best friend—

Ye Qingyu.

The Ye Qingyu who had no friend apart from her in the entire class of two thousand.

Many people did not understand how Ye Qingyu and Song Xiaojun were able to become friends. No matter considering aura, the way they did things, or their cultivation, they were all different. They had nothing in common at all.

Some people were envious of Ye Qingyu because he was able to obtain the true friendship of such an innocent and naïve little girl, Song Xiaojun.

And some people were envious of Song Xiaojun because she was able to obtain the true friendship of someone as tyrannical and with a terrifying strength, the Demon King Ye Qingyu.

For Ye Qingyu, Song Xiaojun did not care about wasting her precious academic points to obtain the right to enter the [Grievance Hall].

And for Song Xiaojun, Ye Qingyu was furious and completely destroyed the entire noble organization in first year using his spears. The high and mighty Qin Wushuang, son of the city leader, was also stamped under his feet…

Such a friendship was the object of envy for numerous students.

It was a pity that many people could only be envious because they would never ever be able to obtain such a friendship.

From the crowd, Song Qingluo also looked upon this scene enviously.

She was one of the only students to retain her position in the list of ten within the challenging matches. Song Qingluo’s gorgeous appearance, exceptional talent, and her wealthy background made her become the goddess of countless male students in first year.

She was also a person many people admired.

But at this moment, Song Qingluo was envious of her innocent and silly little cousin.

A complicated expression flashed past Song Qingluo’s beautiful face. She finally grew serious, as if making some sort of decision. Her red lips opened, crying out Song Xiaojun’s name…

From far away.

The Song Xiaojun who was laughing like a lark, hearing Song Qingluo’s voice was as if she had instantly turned into a fossil. Her expression instantly turned lonely and she lightly let go of Ye Qingyu’s arm…

She turned around and saw her cousin’s strict expression with an unquestionable authority.

“Brother Qingyu, I have something to do, I’ll leave first…” the little loli said, her face filled with apologies, as if she was a little white flower that had frosted over.

Ye Qingyu looked at the Song Qingluo from far away and then regarded the listless little loli. He nodded his head saying, “Go.”

The little loli reluctantly waved goodbye.

He saw her walking far off, standing in front of her cousin sheepishly. Song Qingluo seemed to have said some words, then dragged the little loli away without looking back…

Ye Qingyu smiled without saying anything.

He knew why Song Qingluo dragged Song Xiaojun away in such a rush.

Compared to the simple and silly Song Xiaojun, Song Qingluo was more suited to become the future leader of the Qingluo Merchant Company. Her thoughts were cautious, and the way she did things was like thunder and wind, without wading in water or mud in the slightest*. It was only… At such a young age, to consider everything, could she really be happy?

Ye Qingyu’s gaze surveyed everywhere around him, walking towards the dormitory.

After walking a few steps…

Xiu!

An object pierced through the air, a gentle breeze blowing past.

Ye Qingyu lifted his hand.

The red and gold gilded challenge letter was held between his index and ring finger.

He lifted his eyebrows, looking at the noble students walking their way out of the crowd.

Quan Yalin walked out in front of the group, his expression holding a deliberate arrogance and haughtiness. He coldly sneered. “Three days, number one arena. Senior Brother Wushuang challenges you, one battle to decide the victor.”

Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

Quan Yalin continued to coldly sneer. “What? You don’t dare? It looks like you don’t know, Senior Brother Wushuang’s strength has increased explosively, and he has had a fortuitous encounter. He is already a dragon soaring in the skies, and is not someone that a commoner scrap can be compared to…”

Before he had finished.

Xiu!

Ye Qingyu’s hand moved.

The red challenge letter was like a bolt of red lightning, tearing apart space. Brushing past Quan Yalin’s head with a sharp sound, it buried itself into an ornamental fake mountain twenty meters away

Quan Yalin’s figure stopped, his mouth wide open. The sneering smile on his face had frozen and in his eyes was a terror that was hard to control.

Cold sweat dripped from his forehead.

A light wind blew past.

Hair rustled and flailed.

A large bunch of Quan Yalin’s hair fell cleanly to the floor. It exposed his white scalp, as if the sharpest razor had passed by. His skin was not broken in the slightest, neat and tidy….

Countless eyes fell on Quan Yalin’s head and then towards the fake mountain far off.

On the ornamental mountain, there was a deep fissure.

The challenge letter was soft and gentle, and was as hard as a goose feather to impart any force into. But in Ye Qingyu’s hands, it completely entered into the boulder, only leaving a deep crack where it had passed through, as if it was cut open by a divine weapon…

In this instant, countless exclamations of shock sounded.

With a wave of his hands, Ye Qingyu had broken the courage of countless people.

Especially the people who thought that in these three months, their strength had completely exceeded his. Those thinking that Ye Qingyu did not receive a systematic or complete training within [Grievance Hall]. Those who had wanted to treat Ye Qingyu as a stepping stone, in this moment, their ambitions that burned like fire was doused by a bucket of icy cold water. Before the flames had even begun to burn, it was completely extinguished!

No matter considering the intricate control to only cut Quan Yalin’s hair or the strength needed to crack the boulder, this was not a power that an ordinary Spirit spring expert should be able to possess.

The power of Ye Qingyu, in these three months, had grown to what heights?

Many people were dumbfounded by this scene.

Ye Qingyu swept his gaze around the crowd.

No one dared to meet his eyes.

In these three months, Qin Wushuangs rapid growth was like a divine king, shining a light that could not be ignored. Then the Ye Qingyu who had come out from the black [Grievance Hall], demonstrating a destructive power similar to that of a Demon King, was also something they could not face.

A sudden blast of wind.

The black hair of Ye Qingyu began dancing wildly, as if a terrifying black flame was burning.

Step by step, he walked out of the crowd.

The students looked at his back, an undisguised fear on their faces.

“Losers should have the self awareness of a loser,” the voice of Ye Qingyu sounded from far away the path. “Qin Wushuang wants to challenge me? Then tell him to come personally. Always telling his dogs to bark, is he not afraid that I’ll break his dogs’ legs?”

His voice sounded.

His figure disappeared.

Everyone was silent.

Quan Yalin and other noble students were as silent as if they were mourning for their deceased mother.

Half a second later.

In the eyes of some students, a light began to burn in their eyes. In a small voice, “Extremely strong… Ye Qingyu’s strength, when compared to the people of Azure Phoenix Academy, must not be any worse?”

These words woke countless people from their daze.

“That’s right, Ye Qingyu absolutely has the qualifications to compete with those arrogant and domineering Azure Phoenix students!”

“Yes, yes! Ye Qingyu is a demon king with no scruples when he is enraged. He won’t be like those noble students, burdened by their reputation. Fearing they would lose, they hide and don’t fight!”

“If Ye Qingyu can really allow White Deer Academy to vent their anger, then from today onwards I will only follow him!”

“Standing in front of the stormy seas is the inherent character of a hero! This time, whoever stands up is the hero!”

*Means she does things swift and decisively.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 51:


Chapter 51 – Azure Phoenix Academy is Merely This

Ye Qingyu was able to sense that the atmosphere of the academy was slightly strange. An air of nervousness pervaded throughout the entire academy, as if the students were about to face a great opponent.

He returned to the dormitory to wash and change his clothes.

His original idea was to go and find Wen Wan and ask him several questions about cultivation. However, since Wen Wan had already left the academy, Ye Qingyu did not know what his next step would be.

He stayed in the dormitory to train in the nameless breathing technique for half the morning, then it was lunch.

After Ye Qingyu considered, he decided that he would first convert all the resources he had gained during the wilderness training into academic points. Then, he would think of a way to obtain a Spirit weapon. After entering the Spirit spring stage, he must find a Spirit weapon and submerge it within the spring in his dantian for it to become truly his. Only by cultivating together with his weapon could it be counted as the true path of the yuan qi formation way.

Of course, there was also the issue of skipping a year.

Ye Qingyu wrote down a list of what he needed to do to order his thoughts.

Noon, the temperature could not be said as hot.

After Ye Qingyu had finished eating in the canteen, he went to the commerce area of the first year area to have a look. Within the weapon shops there were Spirit weapons, but the price was extremely high and the majority of it was low class weapons that did not match Ye Qingyu’s needs.

The first life Spirit weapon for a martial artist of the Spirit spring stage was extremely important. Ye Qingyu did not want to lower his standards.

He also attempted to add runes to the [Inexorable spear], to make it become a Spirit weapon. But after consulting several rune masters in the commerce area, he knew this was not possible.

The first reason was because the material of the [Inexorable spear] was special, and it could not work well with runes and formations. And furthermore the spear was too large, even if a high class rune master was willing to do work upon it, it would expend a great deal of resources and attention on engraving runes on the spear. It was not worth it.

After walking around the whole commerce area, Ye Qingyu eliminated the idea of turning the [Inexorable spear] into a Spirit weapon.

He understood, that although the power of the [Inexorable spear] was great, but it could not become his long term weapon. He needed a weapon that grew strong along with him – the [Inexorable spear] could no longer match his needs.

With many thoughts in his head, he followed the path. Unknowingly, he had already left the commerce area.

Trees cast mottled shadows, slanting towards the east.

The time was now afternoon.

Ye Qingyu went to the administration office and exchanged all the resources he had obtained during the first practical battle training into academic points. After obtaining twenty academic points, he followed the path leading to the largest library in the first year area.

These days, he had been training as if he were blindfolded. There were many slight problems and issues that had cropped up that he hoped he would be able to find the answer to in the library.

But when he reached the entrance of the library, he found that the atmosphere there was slightly wrong.

Tens of first year students angrily stood below the platform, with people questioning loudly. And on the top of the platform there were several teenagers wearing a bright blue robe. From their outer appearance, these were not students of White Deer Academy.

“This is the library of White Deer Academy, why can’t we enter?”

“That’s right, the Azure Phoenix Academy is too unreasonable. The guest has become the host!”

“To think that you would monopolize the library and not allow us to enter, can you be any more unreasonable?”

The students of White Deer Academy were all filled with righteous indignation, their faces and necks flushed red. Evidently, they had been angered by something. There were also some with bruises in their faces, and traces of blood in their lips. They had obviously come to blows, but came out the worse.

On the platform, the four students of the Azure Phoenix Academy had an arrogant air, looking at the crowd gathered below with contemptuous disdain.

“Senior Brother Xu Ge is here to consult some scriptures, that is akin to giving face to the entire White Deer Academy. Don’t mistake our good intentions. A crowd of trash, chattering and buzzing. If you don’t have the strength to back up your actions, then scram!” An Azure Phoenix student with small eyes coldly sneered.

“You guys are too arrogant! This is, in the end, White Deer Academy’s territory,” the White Deer Academy student with his eyes swollen like a rotten peach said angrily.

“And what about it? Before using this library, we had the permission of one of the elders of your academy,” an Azure Phoenix student said with his chest out.

“Even if the elder agreed to you consulting the writings, but he did not allow you to block the entrance and not allow White Deer Academy students to enter…” another White Deer Academy said furiously.

“Haha, what status is Senior Brother Xu Ge? He is right now quietly studying the books, and is not allowed to be disturbed. Naturally, we cannot allow scraps with weak strength but does not recognize it to enter…” the Azure Phoenix student with small eyes said haughtily.

“You… can you speak some reason?” a White Deer Academy student said angrily.

“Reason? Haha, speak some reason?” The other Azure Phoenix students as if they had heard the funniest joke in the world, all began laughing in contempt.

The small eyed Azure Phoenix student shook his head, his eyes filled with pity as he looked at the White Deer Academy students. With a mocking tone he said, “A bunch of pitiful, idiotic, innocent trash. I don’t know what the White Deer Academy teaches you… Remember, only parties with equal strength will discuss reason with each other. Your strength is too weak, have you ever seen a dragon speaking reason with an ant?”

The White Deer Academy students were so infuriated that their bodies were quivering, but they did not know what to say.

The Azure Phoenix Academy was located in one of the most wealthy districts of Snow Country, with great power and unfathomable resources. In the rankings of the ten great academies of Snow Country, it was ranked so much higher than White Deer Academy. The vast majority of students in Azure Phoenix Academy came from famous families, all with great strength, and the average skill level was higher than White Deer Academy. This was a fact.

Originally, many White Deer Academy students had an admiring and aspiring attitude towards the Azure Phoenix Academy. After the Azure Phoenix Academy had come, many wanted to use this as an opportunity to interact with the geniuses that came from the wealthy district of Snow Country, and practice and exchange ideas with each other, each helping the other.

Who would have guessed that the high and mighty Azure Phoenix students did not have the White Deer Academy in their eyes at all. From their gazes, it was as if a high and mighty emperor was regarding a dirty beggar by the roadside. Filled with a bored disdain and contempt, an arrogance emanating from the marrow of their bones to their soul. Not to mention exchanging cultivation experiences, even speaking to a White Deer Academy student was a type of humiliation for them.

This kind of arrogant attitude cruelly pierced the hearts of the White Deer Academy students.

In these days, there had already been several conflicts, both large and small, between the two academies. Only through the control of teachers from both sides could they barely manage to suppress any major fireworks. But the estrangement and enmity between them, had grown ever deeper.

Today, the forceful monopolization of the library, was only a small explosion from these countless conflicts.

In the previous spars, the students of White Deer Academy evidently had always been on the losing side.

In the standoff, the White Deer Academy students were both fuming and angry. But their skills were lesser than that of the Azure Phoenix students. There was nothing they could do.

And at this time, a White Deer Academy student inadvertently looked behind. Suddenly his eyes brightened, his expression becoming excited again.

He grabbed the person beside him, pointing backwards.

“Why are you grabbing me, you… Eh? He is… Demon King Ye Qingyu?” His companion originally was annoyed, but the instant he turned back he also realized something, also becoming excited.

“Ye Qingyu has come.”

“He is coming to the library?”

“It should be. You have to know that the Demon King Ye is a famous madman who likes to spend time in the library.”

“Then does this mean… Hehe, Demon King Ye is famed for not sparing anyone under his spear… this time, these people of the Azure Phoenix Academy is about to encounter misfortune!”

The White Deer Academy students all looked towards Ye Qingyu walking closer to them. Suddenly they were all excited again, whispering to each other, as if they saw a lifesaving herb.

Someone wanted to greet Ye Qingyu, but they lifted their hands and did not say anything. One was because they were not familiar with Ye Qingyu, and the second was because there was a fearful respect.

Ye Qingyu had noticed everything.

He nodded his heads to the White Deer Academy students. Not saying anything, he continued walking to the entrance of the library.

But this action of nodding his head, had already greatly astonished those students lifting their hands in greeting. At this moment, they unexpectedly realized that the rumoured cold and emotionless Demon King Ye, was not entirely a person who could not be reasoned with.

Step by step.

The expressions of several Azure Phoenix students changed.

The aura that this silent White Deer student emitted made them feel a trace of unease and pressure. One of them looked towards his companion, then faintly nodded his head. He rushed forward suddenly, his fist striking out.

The wind from the punch spread outwards.

“This road is blocked!” he shouted. His fist was as if it was a hammer, emitting an explosion of air, striking at the vital parts in Ye Qingyu’s chest.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

He did not even block.

His chest, under the gaze of numerous eyes, met with the fist that had the pressure of wind and lighting, striking together directly.

Kache!

The sounds of bone snapping could be heard.

Smiles appeared on the faces of the Azure Phoenix students.

The White Deer Academy students lost colour on all their faces.

But the next moment, Ye Qingyu took another step. The Azure Phoenix student who had struck out with his fist cried out painfully. He fell away trembling, his right arm bending at a strange angle.

This type of situation was as if a lance was stabbing into a copper wall and iron bastion, then it snapped off into four or five pieces…

So the thing that had broken was not Ye Qingyu’s ribs…

It was the arm of the Azure Phoenix student.

“Audacious…” The Azure Phoenix student with smalls eyes who had not spoken yet loudly shouted, “You dare injure someone, do you know who the person you have injured is…”

Before he had finished his sentence.

Ye Qingyu directly lifted his hand and punched out.

Boom!

The air seemed to explode with a swelling thunder.

The punch of the Azure Phoenix student could already be counted as extremely powerful. The winds created by his punch caused unending turbulence in the air, causing everyone to be astonished.

But as Ye Qingyu let out his punch, a thought suddenly gave birth in the hearts of many people: This punch is a true punch. The previous fist of the Azure Phoenix student was almost as if he was a child playing around.

The three Azure Phoenix students, including the person with small eyes, in front of just the wind from this punch, felt as if they were oats in a hurricane. They were filled with insignificance and despair, quickly retreating, not daring to receive this punch at all.

Ye Qingyu laughed, stopping his fist.

The wind from the fist stopped.

“Azure Phoenix Academy… is merely this.”

He dragged out his words, unhurriedly entering the library step by step.

Staring at Ye Qingyu’s figure till he disappeared, the four Azure Phoenix students suddenly felt the pressure as if a mountain was on top of them disappear. Cold sweat had completely soaked their backs…

If this White Deer Academy student had not stopped his fist, they would have been heavily injured.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 52:


Chapter 52 – White Deer Without Talent Has Lost His Antlers, The Azure Phoenix Intends to Subdue the Heavens

This kind of strength was too terrifying.

In such a tiny White Deer Academy, there was such a monster?

From his appearance, his age was not high, only about thirteen or fourteen years old. He should be a first year student of White Deer Academy… this was even more frightening.

If Senior Brother Xu Ge faced him, would he be able to win?

The four were completely silent. This was the first time they did not have absolute confidence in their talented senior brother.

At the same time, the White Deer Academy students also began cheering below the platform.

“Haha, we’ve finally vented our anger. This is too soothing!”

“Demon King Ye is really Demon King Ye. This is absolute dominance. Haha, he only stood there and let that person hit him. The result was that person’s fist and arm was shattered into pieces. Domineering, he is truly domineering!”

“How about it? Do you accept defeat? This is the strength of White Deer Academy!”

“From now on, Demon King Ye is my idol!”

“That’s right, he is a true man. Hmph, Qin Wushuang is known as the number one person in first year, normally high and mighty. But since Azure Phoenix Academy has arrived, I have never seen him do anything for us!”

The White Deer Academy students cheered jubilantly.

They stood tall and pound, entering the library with their chests held out.

This time, the four people of Azure Phoenix Academy did not block them.

……

Ye Qingyu entered the martial library.

He was already extremely familiar with this place, and knew where the information he needed regarding cultivation was situated. He headed directly for the third floor.

Just when Ye Qingyu stepped onto the third floor, a white-clothed black-haired handsome teenager passed by him.

The skin of this youth was like jade, possessed a clear and fair face, wealthy and had a spiritual air with slightly curled lips. He had a severity that did not come from anger, his entire aura like that of a deep pool, extremely profound. In his hands was a white fan, walking slowly down the stairs.

Ye Qingyu could not help but take a second glance.

He had never seen this teenager before. Judging from his clothing, he should be a student of the Azure Phoenix Academy, of a similar age as him. But his strength was extremely powerful, definitely having long entered the Spirit Spring stage, much more powerful than the Qin Wushuang who he had fought previously… could he be the Xu Ge in the mouth of the Azure Phoenix Academy?

At the time Ye Qingyu turned his head to have a second glance, the white-clothed handsome teenager also turned back to look.

Their eyes met.

It was as if sparks had appeared in the air.

In the gaze of the white-clothed teenager, there was a surprise and fighting will. But it only fleetingly passed by, and he controlled his emotions very well, turning and leaving.

Ye Qingyu was also slightly surprised.

At that moment, he was able to feel the inner yuan in his dantian trembling. It was as if it was directed by some kind of energy, nearly causing him to want to fight a battle.

The white-clothed teenager left.

Ye Qingyu also turned away.

He continued to search for the information he needed, not spending much more attention on thinking about useless things.

The things that had happened just then, for him, was just a small bump on the road.

…… ……

“Then from your words, Dianyi and the others have crossed blows with him?” The white-clothed youth had his arms behind his back, unhurriedly walking in the stone tiles. His gaze flitted with no focus to the scenery around.

“Yes, Senior Brother Xu.” The Azure Phoenix student with small eyes, Dianyi carefully followed behind, his attitude displaying utmost respect.

Of course the people who followed also included the other three Azure Phoenix students.

“Do you know the background of this White Deer Academy student?” the white-clothed teenager said blandly.

“I’ve asked. That person is called Ye Qingyu. He is only a poor commoner. But I’ve heard that his talent is exceptional, with herculean strength, and the way he does things is direct and without fear of the consequences. Hence, he has been called Demon King Ye by many students of the White Deer Academy.”

Dianyi quickly answered.

In a short amount of time, he had already investigated most of the information about Ye Qingyu. This Dianyi, although his strength was not high, but he was extremely clever and devious. This was why the rising star of the first year Xu Ge, had allowed him to constantly accompany him.

“Demon King Ye?” The white-clothed youth stopped walking, considering. A faint smile appeared on his lips. “Quite interesting. To be able to cause a reaction in my inner qi, he is quite strong… Hehe, who would have thought that the White Deer Academy ranked last in the ten great academies ranking in its twilight years and gradually dying, would be able to produce such an interesting seedling!”

“Senior Brother Xu, about what had happened…” Dianyi carefully probed, wanting to say something.

Xu Ge lightly waved his hands. “I know what you want to say, but I advise you to eliminate that thought. That person is not something you are able to provoke, and I currently don’t want to oppose him… This time, in our visit to White Deer Academy, we have important things to do. Don’t go aggravating everyone, otherwise if elder Chen passes down the blame, no one can withstand it.”

Dianyi quickly nodded his head, not daring to say anything more.

Originally he did have some intentions, wanting to regain his face. But after hearing Xu Ge say that he did not want to oppose Demon King Ye, it seemed like this opponent was even more frightening than what he had imagined. He would temporarily eliminate his ideas of revenge.

In the coming days, he would have to restrain himself. This wasn’t their territory after all. If he was to irritate some fierce people, the person who would lose out in the end would be him. Even if White Deer Academy was generally weak, but to be able to produce one or two fierce people was still possible for them.

Xu Ge stood staring blankly at the fake mountain fountain far off in the distance, thinking of something, remaining silent for a while.

Dianyi and the others stood waiting quietly.

After ten minutes, he seemed to have thought something through.

He held his palm out slightly, the skin on his hands as white as jade. His inner yuan activated, a pale silver light appeared between his two palms and began gathering. From the original rough and coarse appearance till the smooth and sleek end product, the silver light brightly radiated. It was as the moon was burning between his palm.

Dianyi seeing this sight, his heart was in shock, greatly astonished.

“Congratulations Senior Brother Xu Ge. You have finally managed to master the [Full Moon Seal]. From now on, in the second year and under of Azure Phoenix Academy, you no longer have any opponents.” Dianyi quickly rushed to congratulate him.

He knew, Dian Yi had only studied the yuan qi battle technique, [Full Moon Seal] for half a year. He had previously never been able to fully understand it, who would have thought that coming to White Deer Academy, he would suddenly master and grasp it.

“It is only a small success, haha.” Xu Ge could hardly hide his excitement.

He could not help but be excited.

In the [Choosing Techniques Ceremony] half a year ago in Azure Phoenix Academy, standing his ground against the opinion of many, he chose the [Full Moon Seal], a technique that was extremely powerful but also extremely hard to cultivate in. In reality this was taking a great risk; if he managed to master it, he would completely dominate his peers but if he failed, his competitors would leave him far far behind.

Xu Ge’s original plan, relying on his talent and cultivation resources, estimated that mastering the [Full Moon Seal] would not be a problem. Who would have known, that he would train for half a year without completely understanding it, nearing the edges of failure.

If not for the advice of an adept, telling him to use this opportunity of Azure Phoenix Academy visiting White Deer Academy, to come to White Deer Academy to find training notes he would still be stuck. This solved many problems associated with the bottleneck, otherwise he feared he would still be drifting between the limits of failure.

“It’s only that the [Full Moon Seal] is evidently an extremely deep and profound technique. Even Azure Phoenix Academy does not have any cultivation writings about this skill. Why then does such a small White Deer Academy, in the public library, have a clue?

Xu Ge’s heart was filled with questions, and in the end he could not think it through.

But the training notes were really incomparably insightful. He only read it once, and erased the doubts and fears in his heart, breaking through at once. Xu Ge lowered his head to look at the two Moon Seals] between his palms, in a very good mood.

……

The next couple of days, the wind and waves were peaceful.

The little loli Song Xiaojun did not appear again nor did the noble organization seek to have trouble with Ye Qingyu. Apart from training, Ye Qingyu also spent some time in the library searching on information about the cultivation resources he would need.

Wen Wan had already left, and Ye Qingyu did not have another teacher he was close to. After the incident in the challenging matches, many teachers that had come from noble families did not have that good of an impression of Ye Qingyu. They were not too willing to pay attention to him. Even if Ye Qingyu humbly asked them, they would be indifferent.

Under a fit of rage, Ye Qingyu decided he would not ask the teachers in the academy anymore and searched for the answers to his questions within the books of the public library.

Thankfully, he had the pass that head teacher Wang Yan had previously given him. Not only could Ye Qingyu enter and leave as he pleased in the library of the first years, he could also go to the public library located in the second year area to search for the information he needed.

His memory was shocking and his comprehension was monstrous. His perception was extremely abnormal. With the aid of the nameless breathing technique, there were many martial techniques that he only needed to consult the martial manuals of without the need for a teacher. His progress was extremely rapid.

Ye Qingyu also preferred this method of training. This way, he would not spend his energy, which was not much in the first place, to be diverted in the fights and conflict between the groups of the academy.

In the blink of the eye, ten days had passed.

This day, in the morning, it was sunny.

After Ye Qingyu’s morning lesson was over, and switching to a clean martial uniform, carrying his spear holster, he headed towards the administration area of the first year. He wanted to apply for skipping a year, directly entering the second year.

The things that he needed to learn in first year had already been learnt entirely.

After entering second year, apart from training the inner yuan by yourself, the students could also begin to approach rune formations and rune weapons, these two supernatural abilities. Even though these were supporting skills, but it was also an important part of a martial artists’ strength.

It was also something that Ye Qingyu had planned to learn.

On the road there, he encountered many White Deer Academy students. Seeing Ye Qingyu, they quickly lowered their heads and rushed past. There were also some people who would meekly greet Ye Qingyu, with some commoner students gathering together as if wanting to say something, but in the end did not approach…

Within the entire first year, Ye Qingyu was definitely the most special.

In the eyes of many students, his existence was akin to that of a Demon King.

The main path of the stone tiles diverged into many smaller paths. The path towards the administration area coincidentally also passed through the practice grounds.

Ye Qingyu turned his head to have a look.

In the previous battle, Ye Qingyu had lifted the ring with his spear. Crushed rocks filled the air, and the grounds around was completely transformed into ruin. But the efficiency of White Deer Academy in reconstruction was extremely high. Today, this place had already regained its former appearance. Spacious grounds, tall and high rings, neat and tidy.

But on the practice grounds, many figures were gathered.

On the number one arena, two banners, white and green, were hung on opposite sides. Under the wind of the morning it fluttered, with each flag having two lines of words written in red ink. These characters were like swords or axes, filled with killing intent.

“White Deer without talent has lost his antlers, the Azure Phoenix intends to subdue the Heavens!”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

