Chapter 529:


Chapter 549, Storm Platform

Although it was called the [Blood Drinker Sword], but as to what grade of weapon that he had refined this sword to, even Ye Qingyu himself was not sure.

A taboo of refining weapon was disorder, and also impulse. Ye Qingyu received the casting and refining method for the [Blood Drinker Sword] from the ancient bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart], and at the beginning he did follow the steps and the rules of refining, but later, for some reason, there was an unstoppable impulse driving him to add some of the Chaotic Lightning Serum and to make some other changes.

So the sword was not yet finished.

And it seemed a bit nondescript.

Even now, the [Blood Drinker Sword] was still in its embryonic state. But it was already an enormous size, with a half-a-meter long sword hilt and a two meter long sword body. The sword was half a meter wide, the edge of the blade about two fingers wide, and the width of the thickest part of the ridge was more than five fingers wide. It can be called tremendous. The material of the sword blade was slightly rough, as though there were grains of grit along the blade, giving off a dark red colour. But upon a closer look, there was a purple-red pattern beneath the surface of the sword body, like a dragon. The colour had penetrated deep into the sword material.

Perhaps it was because Ye Qingyu had continuously added too many divine materials and previous substances, but the [Blood Drinker Sword] was now a bit too heavy.

“At the very least, it weighs millions of pounds. It’s as heavy as a mountain, if ordinary people want to use it, they wouldn’t be able to hold it.”

Ye Qingyu thought.

But obviously such weight, for him, was perfect.

Slightly instilling a little thunder and lightning power into the body of the sword, immediately the sword body was reacting with purple-red rippling light bursting out, like it was alive, and as though a purple lightning dragon was curling around it.

A bizarre and terrifying force pervaded the body of the sword and was spreading out.

Shocked, Ye Qingyu immediately withdrew the power of thunder and lightning.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] slightly vibrated, the purple lightning dragon gradually dimmed down, and finally it was concealed back into the sword body unwillingly.

“A very strong power, it seems I have created a very uniquely terrifying divine weapon.”

Ye Qingyu complimented himself.

Even if that sort of power was fleeting, but clasping the [Blood Drinker Sword], Ye Qingyu could still clearly feel the terror of its power.

The reason for him to withdraw the power of thunder and lightning at the first moment was because he was worried of the power of [Blood Drinker Sword] being leaked, and drawing some unnecessary attention.

The power of this sword was far beyond his initial estimate.

Slowly waving this giant sword about, Ye Qingyu displayed some ordinary sword moves, and his face gradually showed a satisfied look.

“Although it is still necessary to continue refining, but it is highly unlikely for it to eventually develop into the form of [Little Shang sword]. At least before I reach the Immortal Rank steps boundary, I cannot really, like as it had said in the sword refining manual, thoroughly dispel the impurities from this embryonic sword... However, the shape of this giant sword seems to be more in line with my present fighting style.”

The sword techniques that Ye Qingyu had currently mastered, besides the [Four Moves of the Unmatched Genral] , there was the War God sword technique that Yu Xiaoxing ordered someone to pass on to him.

These sword skills and sword techniques, especially the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General], would display an even more astonishing power with this huge sword, having the power to destroy all obstacles in the way.

This made Ye Qingyu suddenly feel that having such a tremendous tool as a weapon was, in fact, also a good choice.

Clasping the [Blood Drinker Sword] with both hands, he constantly waved it about, administering some ordinary sword strokes. The sword power relaxed and leisurely, as though dancing.

In this way, Ye Qingyu was constantly familiarizing and trying to figure out the nature of this huge weapon.

Since there is a possibility of him using the [Blood Drinker Sword] on the Sword Storm Meeting, Ye Qingyu of course had to get familiar with it in advance.

Two hours later, he finally stopped, returned the [Blood Drinker Sword] back to the [Cloud Top Cauldron] casting space, allowing it to continue refining.

In the air before him, ripples were forming.

Silly dog Little Nine, like a fish diving out of the water, drilled out from the air. His whole body was faintly emanating the qi of thunder and lightning, and descended to the ground, proudly shaking his body all over, and rubbed himself on Ye Qingyu’s legs, before jumping up to lick Ye Qingyu's face.

Ye Qingyu hurriedly grabbed him by the neck and placed him aside.

“Master, do you dislike woof?” Silly dog Little Nine said in a dissatisfied tone.

Ye Qingyu nodded firmly, “Of course, you finally noticed at last? You are so big now, like a calf, and do not have that endearingly silly appearance as before. Yet you are still acting cute, who can stand it.”

“Recently, I ate too much and have bad digestion. When I digest everything, l can change back to before,” Silly dog said hurtfully.

“You still have the nerve to say that,” Ye Qingyu said disdainfully. “If you know you ate too much, why are you still stealing food... Forget it, don’t tell me, what's the situation over there today, is Xing'er okay?”

Silly dog nodded while laughing, “Crown Prince girl has been very well these few days. Although Greater One Sect had imprisoned her, but when I was furtively observing today, I vaguely heard the conversation between the Greater One Sect elders. They said that they will bring Crown Prince girl to the Storm Sword Meeting.”

“Are you sure?”

Upon hearing this, Ye Qingyu was surprised for a moment, then immediately realized that if Xing’er left the underground dungeon, then there is an opportunity for him to rescue her.

Silly dog nodded with certainty.

Ye Qingyu kept silent.

In that case, a little more planning was needed.

…...

……

Three days passed by.

There had been a lot of commotion at Greater One Sect’s monastery for ten days straight, and finally it was the opening day of the much-anticipated Storm Sword Meeting.

This morning, a red sun rose in the distance of the eastern direction, million beams of golden light illuminating the mountains and rivers of Greater One Peak.

The Lotus Flower Peak that the Greater One Sect was situated on was already an ethereal and spiritual land. Not only were there beautiful sceneries and magnificent views, today was a rare day of good weather. Under the red sun, the distant tumbling clouds were as though stained with blood, very mysterious and strange, shaking the mind of every person at Greater One Sect. There were also spiritual beasts and celestial birds roaming about between the sea of clouds, with the airships that Greater One Sect had prepared for the Storm Sword duel gathering piercing the vast sky. This scene was grand and striking, as though it did not belong to this world.

It was the first time that Ye Qingyu stepped out of his own straw cottage in these recent days.

Standing at the edge of a broken high cliff, and distantly gazing into the endless sea of clouds and that solitary peak towering like a sky-piercing divine sword, a blazing fighting spirit was slightly leaping about in Ye Qingyu's chest.

Days of preparation, all for today.

Footsteps were heard from the side.

“Look at the blood-coloured sea of clouds, they look as though they are stained with blood. I wonder that, after today, how many heroes would be buried here, how many famous people would shed bled. On this Greater One Peak, there seems to be the smell of blood beginning to diffuse already.” Nan Tieyi slowly walked to Ye Qingyu's side, standing shoulder by shoulder.

He looked at the sea of clouds further than the cliff, breathing a long sigh, full of emotions.

“If there are some things that can only be solved by shedding blood, then one might as well bleed a little to solve it more thoroughly.”

The expression within Ye Qingyu's eyes was incomparably firm.

Suddenly, Greater One Peak’s ancient bronze bell sounded.

In the distant sea of clouds, there were hundreds of airships cutting through, speeding over in the direction of the rear peak. At first glance it looked like a group of hundreds of eagles were competing in tearing the void. It was a spectacular sight.

These were Greater One Peak’s escort airships.

People need to take the escort airship to advance to the Storm Platform, and to participate in the Sword Storm duel.

Greater One Sect was, after all, a super sect, they were very orderly in the way they handled matters, and everything was very properly arranged. This, Ye Qingyu admired a lot.

After a moment of frenzy.

The people boarded the airship, sailing into the sea of clouds.

The Storm Platform was situated in the widest area between Greater One Sect’s eight peaks, it was neither far nor close, but it was Ye Qingyu’s first time there.

In a blink of an eye, the Storm Platform was distantly in sight.

“That is the Storm Platform?”

“So Storm Platform is also a floating peak, but... the appearance is a little strange.”

“Yes, not even a blade of grass grows there. At first glance I thought it was a faint black square seal.”

There were people discussing spiritedly on the airship.

It was obvious that Ye Qingyu was not the only one that saw the Storm Platform for the first time.

And this so-called Storm Platform indeed was not quite the same as Ye Qingyu had imagined.

From afar, the Storm Platform was like a huge four-corner square seal. From top to bottom, it was at least one thousand meters. It was a light black colour, like it was made from stone or iron. Floating in the void, its surface was smooth as a mirror, where not even a blade of grass was growing. As though it was hammered into shape, the top was a square platform, which was enough to accommodate hundreds of people; the area was not small at all. Under the sun, vaguely there were formations on the walls, and a majestic power was surging. Even from afar, it still made people palpitate.

“Legend has it that the Storm Platform is not man-made but a natural formation. It was once the most precious treasure of Clear River’s Storm Valley. It is said that the Storm Platform is incredibly hard and that not even the strongest expert of the domain could break it. A great casting master had attempted to use the material of the Storm Platform to develop a sacred weapon. Unfortunately, despite arranging a unique formation and exhausting his essence and blood, he still could not refine the slightest bit of the Storm Platform. In these tens of thousands of years, no one had left the slightest dent on the Storm Platform.”

Nan Tieyi explained softly.

Evidently, he has a very good understanding of the origins of this Storm Platform.

Ye Qingyu exclaimed, “No wonder, when I saw this Storm Platform I also felt waves of heavy oppression. This sword duel gathering is called Storm because of this, right?”

“Brother Tian Huang is correct, it is indeed so.” Nan Tieyi smiled.

Hu Bugui also came over, saying in a loud voice, “Now that you mention it, this Greater One Sect really is a bastard, they are simply the biggest robber in Clear River Domain. 3,000 years ago, Greater One Sect casually found an excuse to break through the Storm Valley, and this Storm Platform ultimately became the property of the Greater One Sect. For tens of thousands of years, there was a tradition in Clear River Domain. The grudges between sects that cannot be solved can be settled through a battle of life and death on the Storm Platform; thereafter, regardless of the outcome, both sides must put an end to this enmity, no longer seek revenge, or it will cause public outrage. Over time, this tradition has been passed on in Clear River Domain. Since this Storm Platform became the property of Greater One Sect, they could officially hold a Storm Sword duel gathering every hundred years, but also, as the host, make a judgment on the right and wrong of Clear River Domain. And gradually they became the leader of all martial artists. Although I am a thief, but compared to Greater One Sect, it really is like a small hill meeting a huge mountain.”



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 530:


Chapter 550, All great powers appear

The fact that this guy had uttered such remarks in front of the Greater One Sect disciples that were driving the airship made the several Greater One Sect disciples’ faces darkened with rage, but no one dared speak up.

Traveling on the same airship as Ye Qingyu, the other dozens of Jianghu experts, upon seeing this scene, also hurriedly kept a distance from Hu Bugui, afraid of being misunderstood that they were with Hu Bugui.

Ye Qingyu laughed to himself.

But this dialogue allowed Ye Qingyu to gain some understanding of the background of the Storm Platform, and also sparked his interest on the Storm Platform.

“A natural divine object that nothing in this world can damage. I’m afraid it is not so simple on the surface. To used this Storm Platform as a duel arena for life and death battles really is a bit wasted. In a moment, I must have a good look.”

He had an idea in mind.

The airship gradually approached the Storm Platform.

The closer they got, the more they could feel the vastness of this natural divine object.

Ye Qingyu even vaguely felt that this Storm Platform contained a familiar divine power.

This Storm Platform, floating in the endless sea of blood-coloured clouds, surrounded by storm and a faint vortex of luck, formed a strange forcefield.

And within the several thousands of meters around the Storm Platform, hundreds of small and medium-sized peaks were floating in the sea of clouds, like stars revolving around the moon, surrounding and protecting the entire Storm Platform. And on each small floating peak, there were pavilions, buildings, and arranged seating, as well as wine, water and fruits. These were for the experts of the major sects and forces that had come to participate in the Storm Sword duel meeting to rest and enjoy while watching the battles.

From afar, the whole scene was magnificent to the extreme.

“Like stars surrounding the sun, it is simply a wonderful picture, too spectacular.”

Ye Qingyu could not help but praise out loud.

Such an ethereal fairyland scenery, there was nothing like that in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

The airship sped forward in the sea of clouds, and finally sent Ye Qingyu and the other people to a very convenient location that was relatively far from the Storm Platform.

“Thank you for bringing us here.”

“Yes, did not think that us little sects would also receive such treatment from Greater One Sect, we really are honoured.”

“Greater One Sect indeed is worthy of being called a super large sect, I see that in the future it will also dominate the whole Clear River Domain.”

The experts of the little sects that were on the same ship, after getting off the airship, hurriedly express their gratitude to the several Greater One Sect experts that drove them, acting extremely humble and polite, and even could be said as fawning.

Hu Bugui, upon seeing this scene, immediately uttered a sarcastic remark, “A group of spineless things, we have been sent to such a remote and inferior location, yet you’re wagging your tail like dogs. Things like you are worthy of calling yourself martial artists? It's embarrassing, get lost, get lost, move to one side.”

The several little sect experts, furious and embarrassed, still dared not infuriate this Great Thief, ascending the little floating peak with their heads down and gloomy faces.

Ye Qingyu and the others also followed up the stone steps that led up to the small floating peak, walked hundreds of steps, and came to a pavilion on the summit.

Several people were sat in the pavilion, eagerly waiting for the Storm Sword duel to begin.

With the passage of time, more and more experts were sent to the surrounding floating peaks of different sizes.

There were increasingly more people.

The scene was more and more lively.

Just then, there was a sudden strange change in the distance.

A violent and turbulent fluctuation of mist suddenly crushed the sea of red clouds, and eventually turned to a purple light halo, which shrouded dozens of figures and came rolling toward the direction of the Storm Platform.

The purple halo had yet come close, but from afar, the experts of both the small and large sects on the floating peaks were already experiencing palpitations. An imposing manner was vastly surging, and extremely oppressive.

“The people of the Nangong family are here.”

Someone exclaimed.

As one of the very few major forces of Clear River Domain, the people of the Nangong family would undoubtedly become the focus of attention for any occasion.

Moreover, the Nangong family indeed did make a dramatic appearance.

The purple halo instantly arrived at the area around the Storm Platform, descending onto a large floating peak close to the Storm Platform, which had the best view over the martial arts arena. As the halo scattered, revealing a dozen figures who were all experts dressed in silk clothing and elegant hats, there was a forceful and graceful aura being exuded that made one dare not stare at up close.

Especially one person, who looked about 45 years old. He was tall and burly, extremely handsome, with long, arched brows, bright eyes, a straight nose and a wide mouth. On his chin was a very rare purple-coloured beard, like blazing purple flames, which matched well with his domineering air.

From the discussion among the people, Ye Qingyu already knew that the purple curly bearded middle-aged man was the present Lord of Nangong family, Nangong Jue.

Nangong Jue made a name for himself 200 years ago. Back then he was a rare genius of Clear River Domain, his martial cultivation was astonishing, and he had the strength to stabilize the younger generation of Clear River Domain. Once he became famous, like a star passing through the sky, his brilliance made countless people raise their brows. One hundred years ago he held the position of the Master of Nangong family, and then gradually withdrew from Jianghu and rarely fought with people. He instead spent his thoughts and time on operating the Nangong family.

In these 100 years, Nangong family’s strength and fame were flourishing with each passing day, which Nangong Jue had played a pivotal role in.

Such a person can be said as a dragon among men. Whether it is talent or strength, ability or skill, he was a formidable person.

“I didn’t expect the Lord of Nangong family to come.”

“Nangong Jue is known as an Emperor-like Lord, he had not fought for 50 to 60 years, I wonder what boundary he is in now.”

“Not only Nangong Jue, the several people behind him are the core elders of the Nangong family. They are all famous figures of Clear River back then. These years they rarely showed up in Jianghu, but today they had all appeared... It seems that the Nangong family attaches great importance to the Storm S word duel gathering.”

There were spirited discussions among the crowd on the floating peaks.

Ye Qingyu, who had little knowledge of the matters of Clear River Domain, was happy to hear such discussions at this time.

He carefully observed, noticing that the purple, curly haired Nangong Jue, as expected, had four white-haired old experts following closely by his side.

These four old people were burly and strong, with a ruddy complexion, the aura within their body deep and unfathomable like an ancient ocean. They were evidently matchless experts of a time and it was most likely that the strength and ability of the patriarch of the several sects here could not be compared with these four white-haired elders.

But what really caught the attention of Ye Qingyu was a little boy who looked 12 to 13 years old.

The little boy, tugging at Nangong Jue’s sleeve, stood timidly beside him, and seemed extremely respectful to Nangong Jue. He had red lips and pearly white teeth, and was extremely handsome. His hair was rolled up in two small buns on the back of his head and was wearing a scholarly outfit. He had a weird expression across his face, and his jet-black beaded eyes were rolling up and down, full of curiosity at the surroundings, as if he had never seen such a scene before.

But the four white-haired men were very respectful to the little boy.

As Ye Qingyu was watching them, suddenly in the distant horizon, new changes were appearing once again.

Rumble!

Demonic thunder rolling.

A majestic evil aura like a thunderbolt that could destroy the world, appeared in the west horizon, almost covering the entire western sky.

As everyone turned to look, the demon aura shrank like a whale sucking water, gathering toward the center, turned into a pale blue mountain, and slowly headed toward the direction of the Storm Platform. As it was approaching, upon a closer look, it was not a blue mountain, but a tremendous mountain-like giant turtle, its shell mottled with green and blue. And on its back were various buildings such as pavilions, which seemed to have grown from its shell. The turtle glided along, as though it was wandering in the sea, and floated down from the void.

In the pavilions and buildings on the turtle, there were also dozens of figures.

These figures, and the people of the Nangong family, were similar in that they were all rare, powerful masters. Even from afar, Ye Qingyu could still sense the imposing and unfathomable power fluctuating on these figures.

Unlike the Nangong family, these figures on the mountainous giant turtle were not all human.

But the Demon clan.

They were headed by a figure of complete human form, dressed in a golden armour. The person looked only around 20 years old, with fair skin, handsome and beautiful to the extreme. Looking at the burly and vigorous stature he should be a man, but his face was too beautiful that many of the great beauties would lose their splendour in front of him. He had an astonishing charm, his facial features were delicate and exquisite, his expression slightly feminine, and indeed contained a matchless magnificence. Seeing his face alone was most likely enough to charm the world and turn it upside down.

“That guy is the Palace Master of the Sky Demon Palace, a 100,000-year-old monster. He looks like a transvestite and is neither a woman or a man, but his strength is really terrifying. Even till now, many people do not know what is his original body. People have been speculating that the strength of that transvestite is enough to be ranked among the top three of Clear River Domain. Usually, he rarely cares about such events, but he actually came in person today.” Hu Bugui moved closer to Ye Qingyu, explaining in a low voice.

Before the voice faded.

Suddenly an immensely heavy pressure descended from the sky.

Startled, Ye Qingyu looked up.

Only to see that the Palace Master of Sky Demon Palace was looking over in his direction, a pair of charming peach blossom eyes that contained a biting cold killing intent falling on him and Hu Bugui.

“Bad, could it be that because Hu Bugui did not keep his mouth shut, the Palace Master of the Sky Demon Palace had heard him call him a transvestite.” Ye Qingyu had a bad feeling.

But the next moment, somehow, the gaze that made one palpitate had vanished.

In the distance.

The Palace Master of Sky Demon Palace withdrew his eyes.

“Palace Master, what's wrong?” Beside him, a demon expert with a human body and dragon head and clad in a golden Taoist armour had sensed that something was wrong, bowed his head and asked.

This demon clan expert was one of the twelve palace masters of Sky Demon Palace, Spiritual Master Long Xiao.

The Sky Demon Palace Princess smiled lightly, voice gentle and feminine, “Nothing, just two interesting little ones.”

Spiritual Master Long Jiao shifted his eyes to the direction that the Master of the Sky Demon Palace looked at, his complexion darkening. “It’s that robber? This guy dares to show up here, Palace Master, I'll go kill him.”

“Oh, don't worry, no need to be impatient.” The Sky Demon Palace Master smiled, shaking his head. “Hu Bugui is difficult to deal with, even if you personally took action, you most likely cannot do anything to him.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 531:


Chapter 551, Heaven Desire Demon Sect

Spiritual Master Long Jiao was shocked, and although in disbelief, he was well aware that his Palace Master had torch-like vision, and had rarely misjudged someone before. Since the Palace Master had said that he might not be a match for Hu Bugui, then that is most likely true. But what he could not understand was that the Great Thief, who had only emerged in the recent 10 years, did not belong to any sect or faction, and had no backers or no background. Was it possible for him to be able to suppress him who had been cultivating for tens of thousands of years?

The Master of the Sky Demon Palace seemed to have noticed Spiritual Master Long Jiao's unwillingness. He opened his mouth and laughed, “Little dragon, in this world no matter how good you think you are, there is always someone out there who is better. You must not underestimate the heroes in this world. That Hu Bugui’s cultivation is perhaps not as good as you, but the problem is, within his body, there is a wisp of the imperial qi. This is the key, for so many years this little robber had caused many disasters in this domain, but there has been no super force that could kill him, it is because of this wisp of imperial qi.”

“Imperial qi? This, could it be that...” As soon as Spiritual Master Long Jiao heard this, immediately a stormy sea was set off in his heart.

“You are thinking too much. He is definitely not the incarnation of a Martial Emperor. Perhaps it is just because of a coincidence, but he has a Martial Emperor's blessings. It is better not to provoke this person. After all, any matter that once involves the word Emperor is not what someone like us can contend against.” The Sky Demon Palace Princess smiled.

Others naturally could not hear the dialogue between these two important figures of Sky Demon Palace.

Even the other dozens of demon clan experts with different looks and of different races could only see the two Palace Masters in conversation, and did not know the content of their conversation.

In a flash.

The mountainous turtle slowly descended onto a floating peak.

The experts of Sky Demon Palace got off the giant mountainous turtle, when the Demon Palace Princess raised her hand, and a wisp of evil qi flashed, turning the mountain-like giant turtle instantly into a palm-sized shell, sinking into her long sleeve.

This scene shocked a lot of people.

Previously, when they saw that giant mountainous turtle that was full of spirits and had a visible expression, everyone had thought that it was a living thing. It was only now that they realized that this giant turtle was an object transformed with remarkable powers by the Palace Master of Sky Demon Palace.

The strength of the Sky Demon Palace master was demonstrated fully.

Then, successively, there were major sect experts arriving.

The people who had come to attend the grand meeting today were all famous people within the territory of Clear River Domain; if not a despot, they were a Master of a major sect, if they were not a long time experienced veteran expert, they were a famous rookie genius. Each person’s strength was extremely powerful. With the gathering of so many experts, the surroundings of Storm Platform really could be said as the wind rises and the clouds gather. The aura of nearly ten thousand experts were tumbling like a glow of light or smoke signals, although not deliberately released, but it seemed to be pulled by the mysterious power of the Storm Platform, rising into the air, like cloud pillars and like swords, piercing into the sky.

Such a scene made the sky and ground change colour.

Even the tide of yuan qi of the earth itself, under the impact of the energy and qi of the numerous experts, had become disorderly.

In such circumstances, if one’s strength was a little weaker, such as a beginner of the Bitter Sea stage, they will also be affected by other people’s aura. This would cause confusion in the yuan qi within one’s body and the possibility of falling into a state of demonic possession.

Therefore the disciples that the Greater One Sect had arranged to watch over the event and to maintain order were all at least in the middle stages of the Bitter Sea stage, and were wearing a protective jade accessory.

After a moment, there were new changes again.

In the West direction of the turbulence, a pale blue ancient boat plowed through the sea of clouds, like a little boat on the vast boundless sea. It was seemingly slow, but in a few blinks of the eye, it had come near the Storm Platform. The shape of the blue boat resembled a sword and on the boat stood a tall black-clothed man, strongly built, with a figure straight as a sharp sword, and wearing a dark mask. The corner of his mouth was slighting curved in a strange smile, and on this person's face there was a chilling strange demeanour that sent one shuddering all over.

And standing behind him was a figure slightly skinnier than him, similarly in a simple black robe, standing perfectly straight as a javelin, and wearing the same mask on his face.

But the mask worn by these figures was a face that was extremely silent, as if never wanting to speak.

It was the people of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.

Around 10 days ago, in the odd job worker area at the foothills, Ye Qingyu had seen the black-clothed master and disciple on the ancient boat. He also already knew their backgrounds.

The burly and tall man in front was the present head of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect, and that slightly thinner, black figure, was the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.

In Clear River Domain, the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect had always been a mysterious sect. Ever since it had become famous, there was always only one master and one disciple; everything was passed straight from master to disciple. There are only two people in the entire sect, and after the master dies the successor will automatically become the master, and then the new master will take a long period of time to look for an outstanding disciple. The disciple also must be a rare peerless talent seen in thousands of years. The strictness in accepting a disciple can be considered as ranking first in the whole Clear River Domain.

But the martial arts of this sect were extremely powerful, almost invincible. The cultivation technique practiced by them was mysterious and unpredictable, especially its sword skills which were well-known throughout the world. They come and go unpredictably and are secretive in their movement and trace, no one had seen the true face of the master and successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.

For many years, the Master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect had remained invincible, succeeding in every battle, and was undisputedly the strongest expert in Clear River Domain.

And the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect will certainly set off endless waves in the domain, like a comet streaking across the sky, exuding a dazzling light and bringing great pressure to the successor of the major forces.

The most important thing was that this sect acted in somewhat questionable ways. All things were done by the heart. Every time they had attacked, it caused a blood bath, so much blood was shed that it could float a boat, a heaven devastated scene. But all forces and sect that go against this sect ultimately cannot escape such destruction. Wherever they passed, it was as though the end of the world had arrived, so they got the title of Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.

It was precisely because they were too strong, close to invincible, that this sect had always been one that only had two people, constantly passing along its tradition and had continued for thousands of years.

Also because of this, the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect had a remarkable and unique status in the whole Clear River Domain. Not one person or power dared despise the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.

There was such a prophecy in the Clear River Domain: the numbers of people in Heaven Devastator Demon Sect does not surpass one hundred. If it ever reaches one hundred it will become invincible in the world.

It can be seen just from this statement alone, that the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect was terrifying.

This time, the unpredictable Heaven Devastator Demon Sect also came to participate in the Storm Sword Meeting, which far exceeded the expectations of many people. Although more than 10 days ago, the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect had appeared in Greater One Sect, but its appearance here today had still sparked astonishment. In a short period of time, an infinite number of eyes had all shifted to the ancient boat. The two indifferent black figures on the ancient boat that seemed to not belong to this world had won countless gazes of awe and respect.

Greater One Sect dared not treat them disrespectfully.

On a distant large floating peak, there were elders appearing at the first moments to welcome the two people of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.

The two people of Heaven Devastator Demon Sect were sitting in a pavilion on the summit of a floating peak, but many people were still in discussion. Their astonishment had not yet subsided.

Time slowly went by.

The excitement brought about by the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect had yet to be dispersed, when there were new changes appearing in the distant air in the West direction.

“Huh? That is...”

Not far from Ye Qingyu and the others, the patriarch of a little sect suddenly leapt to his feet.

Needless to say, Ye Qingyu and the others——and even everyone on the hundreds of floating peaks, were aware of the abnormality.

An ink-black ball of light was darting over at lightning speed.

The ball of light was not particularly noticeable, what really made all the experts had a change in expression was that this ink-black ball of light was exuding an aura of brutality, slaughter, hostility, filth and confusion. It was full of sinister and crazy will power, which made every expert’s countenance change in the first moments of detection.

“Ao——!”

A mournful hissing broke out from the ink-coloured light.

As the ball of light suddenly cracked and ruptured, turning into black mournful clouds of smoke, like a group of demons dancing wildly. The clouds of smoke soon transformed into faces of pain, despair, curse, anger, and hatred, shuttling between the void, producing mournful roars, like countless ghosts and malicious spirits, extremely sinister and frightening that makes one tremble all over and full of negative emotions at one glance.

The world was filled with an evil aura in a split second.

The countless martial artists had a change of expression on their face.

“It's the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.” From a distant floating peak, someone exclaimed out, “Heavens, why would this sect also attend the Storm Sword duel?”

Ye Qingyu, upon hearing this, was stunned for a moment.

Heaven Desire Demon Sect?

Was this not the perverted sect that was mentioned in the words of the senior sister of the Hundred Spirits Sect, Shen Menghua?

This kind of evil sect unexpectedly also dared appear at this event.

On the surrounding big and small floating peaks, the experts broke into clamorous uproar again.

Boom!

A loud noise sounded.

The countless black clouds of ghosts and spirits fused into one, combining into a tremendous black skull, diving down rapidly from the sky and smashing straight into a large floating peak. Immediately, the black mist shattered. But the experts of a top sect that were arranged onto this floating peak were instantly blasted away, blood gushing out from their mouths, plunging from the floating peak...

The Heaven Desire Demon Sect occupied this floating peak in the most overbearing way.

The black mist of ghosts and spirits gradually dispersed.

The figures of a dozen young men and women were revealed.

But what Ye Qingyu was slightly surprised about was that these several masters of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect looked only around 20 years old. The men were graceful and handsome, while the women were beautiful and elegant, dressed in bright and luxurious clothing, and looked more like girls from a wealthy family who had come out for sightseeing. It really was very difficult to associate them with the evil sect that cultivated demonic cultivation techniques, committed any imaginable crime where raping women had become second nature to them.

“Heaven Desire Demon Sect is going too far!”

A piercing yell.

There was a bellow of rage from an expert of the sect that was sent flying——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 532:


Chapter 552, Martial arts overlord

Above the floating peaks, the black clouds were as though blown away by a breeze, slowly dispersing and thinning in mid-air.

The figures of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect were more and more visible.

The men stood with hands clasped behind their back, tall and with an imposing appearance. The women each had a sweet smile, beautiful and with a flower-like complexion.

It seemed as though everything that had just happened had nothing to do with them.

Standing in front of the crowd was a white-clothed man with a hat crowning his head, a lotus flower blood jade on his forehead, long eyebrows, and a pair of slender, dazzling red phoenix eyes, like the stars. His cherry red lips seemed to be dyed red, and his cheeks were a peachy pink colour, tempting thousands.

The moon white silk robe that was inlaid with silver had a fine, dark lotus pattern, the hollow golden crown-hat was similarly inlaid with eight-sided blood jade, and on his white jade belt was seven bright gems.

The furious expert that yelled out, in the end, did not dare say anything else and went to the other floating peaks to find another seat. After all, the Heaven Desire Demon Sect had a fierce reputation, and from the strength that they had just revealed, it was not a sect that they can anger.

These people of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, especially the man in white, had attracted the attention of many people.

On the floating peaks, there were even more clamours of comments.

Not far away from Ye Qingyu and the others, there was a strange laughing voice coming from a floating peak.

“This, the man in white, is the Patriarch of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect? Haha, how can there be such a beautiful life on this world...?”

“Is it a man, or a woman?”

“Hahahaha, a worthy yin and yang technique, its so difficult to distinguish between male and female.”

“Elder Ziyang, could it be that you are also tempted by this cultivation technique? Hahaha...”

The elders of a sect were whispering mockingly.

The distance from this floating peak to the people of Heaven Desire Demon Sect was at least 3000 to 4000 meters, so these two people did not lowered their voice, seemingly not at all worried of their conversation being heard by the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

But at this moment----

Thousands of meters away, the white-clothed man’s face darkened, his eyes flickered with killing intent, and inside his sleeves, his delicate index finger drew a slash across the air.

The crowd didn't understand what was going on.

Before the voice of Elder Ziyang and Spiritual Master Liu Hua had faded, it suddenly paused.

The two figures slightly shook, and immediately at the same time a jet of blood came gushing out from their mouth. Before they had the chance to operate yuan qi power to withstand the attack, they were blasted away by a wave of qi, their bone marrow being swallowed up.

The Heaven Desire demonic qi immediately invaded their flesh and eroded their bones. They could not move a single step nor correct their breathing to recover.

“Reckless.”

The voice of the white-clothed man of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect echoed in the ears of everyone around the Storm Platform.

His voice was ordinary, but clear like a March breeze, refreshing but cold and ruthless, with three points of majesty.

Elder Ziyang and Spiritual Master Liu Hua were pale with fright, and dared not utter a word.

The fact that he could hear a conversation from such a long distance away indicated that his strength must be simply terrifying. With just one finger he had wounded the two of them. Even an idiot would understand that they were no match for him.

Luckily, it was just an injury.

The two people were inwardly glad.

But what they did not know was that the force of demonic desire had struck them. As it invaded their body, only early symptoms such as wounds would be seen, until it gradually spreads, swallowing up the mind and turning them into beasts that would wail aguishly for 49 days till death. It was incredibly miserable.

This little incident made the crowd on the big and small floating peaks that were discussing spiritedly instantly quiet down from fear.

The cries of spiritual beasts and red-crowned cranes suddenly became unusually clear.

Only the Lord of the Nangong family, Nangong Jue, was still whispering something to the elders beside him.

While the great experts of the Sky Demon Palace, like watching a drama, were gazing at the direction of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, a little ruminative smile curving the corners of their mouth.

The Heaven Desire Demon Sect. Anyone in Clear River Domain with righteousness would be extremely disgusted at the mention of its name.

Over the past hundreds of years, there have been several sects trying to fight against the Heaven Desire Demon Sect. But because the evil ways and secret techniques that they cultivated in were too powerful, the result was always a hopeless battle.

Even if several sects arranged an allied attack, it was still like ants trying to shake a tree, and had instead led to countless casualties and even their sect being brutally destroyed.

One of the mysterious and strange incidents that many were familiar with was the head of the Virtuous Sect Female Immortal Wu Dao and the 135 people who had gone missing overnight.

Thirty years ago the Virtuous Sect had occupied a remarkable status in Clear River Domain, and was ranked among the top ten Human Race sects. In the sect were numerous peak Heaven Ascension experts, as well as several Immortal boundary experts including the head of the sect.

The disciples of other sects who went to investigate later did not find any clue. The entire Virtuous Sect was empty, as though everyone had vanished into thin air.

A few months later, there were exactly 135 corpses floating on the southern Sky River.

In a short period of time, the arrogant Heaven Desire Demon Sect had swiftly rose to fame within Clear River Domain, advancing to the level of a top sect. It was difficult to figure out its foundation, and no one could shake them in the slightest except real top sects.

And in order to protect themselves, the other major sects avoided them like the plague.

……

Ever since the Heaven Desire Demon Sect had shown up.

The most shocked and distressed was the Hundred Spirits Sect.

The high level experts of the Hundreds Spirits Sect, dressed in a luxurious palace outfit, all had a grave expression on their faces, their long shapely brows knitted in a frown.

The Heaven Desire Demon Sect unexpectedly showed up in Greater One Sect’s Storm Sword Duel gathering, and was also seated on a nearby floating peak to the main peak.

What does this indicated?

They had received Greater One Sect’s invitation to join the trial of the leftover evil of Heaven Wasteland Domain?

Or do they want to end an enmity on the Storm Platform?

Or...

She didn't even dare think about it anymore.

If it was that reason, then from now on, how should the Hundred Spirits Sect stand up to them.

The other female disciples had a gloomy countenance, finding it hard to calm their indignation.

“Shishu, it seems that things are far more complicated than we think.”

Shen Menghua whispered to a middle-aged woman using sound waves.

The middle-aged woman was elegant and beautiful, her thick and glossy hair was rolled up in a bun with three golden hairpins inserted through, simple but still dignified... She was wearing a jade pendant on her waist, which had exactly the same pattern as Shen Menghua’s. The only difference was the colour of the jade was purer, more translucent and radiating a spiritual energy. It was absolutely not an ordinary object.

The passage of years did not take away half of her beauty, and instead added more charm.

Her almond eyes at this time were looking at the distant sky in the direction of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, revealing a trace of worry, a hint of hesitation.

The middle-aged woman nodded slightly.

This unforeseen event, for the Hundred Spirits Sect, was like adding hail to snow.



……



At this time, although the Storm Platform seemed still and silent, everyone’s minds were swirling with thoughts and filled with turbulent feelings.

All the changes and reactions around the Storm Platform had caught the attention of Ye Qingyu and the others.

In contrast to the first few major sects that they had already seen before, the Heaven Desire Demon Sect had far exceeded their expectations.

A group of gentle and refine scholars and beauties, unexpectedly was a notorious evil force in Clear River Domain.

Today, they showed up at the Storm Sword Meeting with no advance notice or warning. What was their intention?

It was not clear how the changes in the situation would affect Clear River Domain.

……

After a short moment, the other various sect and forces arrived one after another.

As far as the eye can see, the several hundred floating peaks surrounding the Storm Platform had all been occupied.

Roughly, there were at least tens of thousands of people.

Above the floating peaks surrounding the Storm Platform, there was yuan qi flowing all over the place, clouds rolling across the sky, blotting out the sun, and imposing auras were soaring.

Red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet, every sect cultivated different martial arts and the colour of their yuan qi powers was also very diverse.

For a brief moment, the waves of qi converged in harmony, presenting a beautiful colourful sky.

The waves of qi drifted through the air like smoke, drawing incessant cries and howls from various spiritual beasts around the eight Lotus Peaks.

As though they had been greatly threatened, they were howling to boost morale and to protect themselves. With such imposing manner, before battling, it was enough to send people under the Bitter Sea boundary trembling in fear and unable to retreat.

Above several floating peaks, strong fighting spirits were frantically surging along with yuan qi energy.

The waves of qi shot straight into the sky, seemingly impatient to put an end to the enmity of the past.

Throughout the entire Clear River Domain, most likely that only the Storm Sword Duel gathering hosted by the Greater One Sect could gather the top masters of the major sects and forces in the entire Clear River Domain at the same time.

In a short moment, it had become incredibly busy.

At Ye Qingyu’s side, Hu Bugui and the others no longer made any jokes, resumed a serious look, and occasionally whispered to each other as they observed the situation secretly.

Old Fish’s gaze was fixed on the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, studying them inwardly, and chewing something in his mouth as he was deep in thought.

Finally, the time had come.

There were 12 melodious sounds of bell ringing on the Greater One Peak.

The Storm Sword Duel was finally about to begin.

The Storm Platform that was in a silent state all along was flashing a strange divine light, as though something inside had been awakened. The principle energy between the heaven and earth seemed to have been impacted by the Storm Platform, and suddenly became confused and disorderly.

The wind and clouds came together and the sky and ground changed colour.

A dignified voice that contained a mighty force resounded between the heaven and earth.

“Today, our Greater One Sect is honoured to have everyone here at the Storm Sword Duel gathering.”

The voice was like a great bell, ringing clearly in the ears of everyone.

The imposing manner contained great power, aweing the audience.

For a moment the originally clamorous crowd could not help but quiet down.

Everyone turned their eyes to the Storm Platform.

Before his voice faded, there were a few beams of golden light suddenly flickering in the direction of the Great Hua Peak.

Greater One Sect’s Patriarch, Greater One spiritual master and the headmasters of the other main peaks flashed over to above the platform.

It was the Greater One spiritual master, who was in charge of the main peak of the eight Lotus Peaks, Great Hua Peak.

Greater One spiritual master was thin, his ebony-like black pupils were calm and still, his face relaxed and without the slightest wrinkle. His silvery white brows were high and long, reaching the temples, his silver hair was down to his waist and had a sheep fat white jade hairpin on the top of his head. His posture was relaxed and elegant like an immortal.

His silvery white robe that was not tainted by a single speck of dust was embroidered with a vivid and life-like red-crowned crane, as if it had fallen onto his clothes, dancing with the wind and floating in the air.

From his cloud-patterned sleeves, a gentle breeze was slowly drifting out.

In just a short moment of time, an elegant clear lotus atmosphere was drifting about the Storm Platform, refreshing the mind and sweeping away the previous gloom and madness.

A daoist implement was in his left hand, and his entire body was emitting a proudness that was like frost.

Without any actions or movements, there was the air of a martial arts overlord, as though made by the heavens.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

