Chapter 857:


Chapter 874, The pursuers are here



Among the ruins.

“Brother Luo Qi, brother Zhou Yuanshan, you are back! Water, where's the water?” Cheng Kui and Liu Ming, who were responsible for guarding and maintaining order, thought that brother Luo Qi and the others had found water when they saw Zhang Ye and the others. Their eyes lit up and they immediately ran over.

Zhang Ye was taken aback, brows unconsciously scrunched together.

Behind him, Qiao Qu, Luo Qi and the others shook their heads, sighing.

With a disappointed face, Cheng Kui turned his head back to look again. His muscles becoming stiff and tight as he mumbled, “Junior brother Mo and brother Xu... they... why...”

“Junior brother Cheng! How are Uncle Huang and Aunt Lin?” Qiao Qu suddenly raised her voice, interrupting Cheng Kiu, and repeatedly signaled them to not ask any further with her eyes.

On the other side, Zhang Ye was walking toward the ruins without saying a word.

Unclear with the situation, Liu Ming and Cheng Kiu exchanged a glance, then looked at the expression etched on the faces of their senior sister and the several other senior brothers, and seemed to understand what had happened.

After a few words of conversation, the group returned to the ruins with a hint of hidden sorrow on their faces.

Zhang Ye slowly stood up on a huge rock when he saw the junior brothers coming over, “In a moment go tell the others that Luo Qi has found water, but it’s not a lot and won’t be enough to share between everyone, so today it will be the same as usual.”

Qiao Qu, Cheng Kui and others nodded.

They understood what it meant by the words ‘as usual’ from Zhang Ye.

Qiao Qu and the several other brothers took out two large and thick bowls from the storage space and a black curved dagger.

“Senior sister Qiao Qu, you’ve been drawing your blood these past few days, leave it to us today... I couldn't find a water source and I should compensate...” Luo Qi hurriedly rolled up his sleeve and stretched out his arm.

“Yes, you are the beautiful senior sister in our heart. If you were left with so many scars on your arms that would affect our face.” Liu Ming also laughed, offering his arm that was full of knife marks.

Qiao Qu looked at her arm.

Indeed, in the past few days she had been constantly drawing out blood, and there was not enough time and spiritual qi for her to restore her yuan qi——The world was desolate, making it difficult to absorb spiritual qi from the outside world. She did not want to consume the small amount of yuan qi within her body to treat her injuries. Every little bit of yuan qi had to be saved to be use in battle. Thus, the scars on Qiao Qu's arm, which was as white as lotus roots, had not completely faded and was unsightly.

But so what?

In this ancient city, which person wasn’t struggling on the edge of life and death, and who wasn’t doing their best to save the lives of everyone.

Especially Zhang Ye.

Qiao Qu looked at senior brother Zhang Ye, who was pulling up his sleeves. The dozens of crisscross blade marks on both his arms were even more frightening.

“You two have just returned, I should help share the burden?” After a thought, Qiao Qu changed to her other arm with fewer wounds, stretching it towards the curved blade.

The blade slashed out.

A wound appeared on the arm and blood was flowing out.

A tinge of pain flashed across Qiao Qu's face, but she clenched her teeth and did not say anything.

Drip...

Drip... drip...

Drop after drop of the essence and blood of a martial artist, along the wounds on Zhang Ye and the other people's arms, slowly slid into the two large bowls.

Following the dripping noises, the ordinary people who were gathered around the ruins seemed to have sensed something, and one after another, turned to look at the disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect. Some of whom could not help weeping. However, though they looked sorrowful, they were not able to shed the slightest bead of tear.

A moment later.

The two large bowls were filled to the brim with the essence and blood of Zhang Ye and the others.

Cheng Qiu along with Liu Ming, Luo Qi and Zhou Yuanshan, each holding two large bowls, divided into two sides and headed toward the crowd that was leaning against the wall.

The blood of an expert contained the spirit and qi of heaven and earth. Although it could not satisfy one’s hunger and thirst, it can preserve the last trace of vitality and the continuance of life.

These three days, since the supply of food and water had been completely used up, Zhang Ye, Qiao Qu and the others had no choice but to come to this. Every day they had to use their own essence and blood to feed the dying elderly, women and children, in order to extend the lives of the hundreds of people to continue to this day.

However, even if experts were full of blood, they still wouldn’t last long in the face of hundreds of weak people.

Not to mention that they were also short on water and food, and their yuan qi was almost depleted. It could be said that they were in a state where they may endanger their own life.

In the end, such a choice was tantamount to drinking poison in the hope of quenching thirst.

Zhang Ye and Qiao Qu stood side by side at the entrance of the ruins, gazing into the hazy night with a solemn face.

In truth, they had already reached the point of exhaustion, and even the two of them did not know what to do next.

How could the heavens be so heartless?

In the vast darkness, there was not a glimmer of light.

It was at that time that a new change appeared again.

A weak voice suddenly broke out from the ruins.

“No, I can’t drink your blood anymore. These days it is thanks to you that I, Aunt Lin, could live for a few more days. Yu Leaf City is now under the rule of those thieves who brutally slaughters people, and is more like a demonic city. I am already very happy to have escaped that place. We have no water and food now, and are just relying on your blood to survive. I can’t bear to see this... I am old and frail, I am of no use. Leave the blood for the children, do not waste it on me...”

An old woman, who had disheveled hair, looked haggard, and whose skin was dry and wrinkled up, spoke in a sorrowful voice.

“Aunt Lin, what are you saying, if Uncle Lin and Lin San had not spread the news out in time, how could we have fled that place safely. Your husband and son have lost their lives in exchange for our freedom. They are our saviour, and you are their only family in this world, how can we ignore you? Believe us, we have found water, hold on for a few more days. When senior brother Jin Yu and the others find an Origin crystal, he will take us to find the Domain Gate and we can get out of Ancient Sky Dragon Domain!” Cheng Kui was only a young man in his twenties. As he was speaking he hurriedly put a drop of blood onto Aunt Lin's finger. The corner of his eyes seems to be faintly red.

On the other side, when Zhang Ye and Qiao Qu heard the commotion, they exchanged a glance and ran towards Aunt Lin and the others.

“Come, Nian’er, this blood is for you, get strong and live well.” Aunt Lin smiled, struggling to sit up. She moved two steps closer, and laboriously pointed her finger in the direction of the previous mother and son.

“Aunt Lin, you... No, Nian'er is still young. He can hold on for a few more days...” The Mother hurriedly shook her head.

If she had taken away the blood on Aunt Lin's hand, it was equivalent to taking away the life of Aunt Lin. This group of people had together escaped from the jaws of a tiger and could be described as having been through life and death together. It was impossible for something like that to happen.

Aunt Lin smiled lightly, and put her finger gently towards the little boy called Nian'er in his mother's arms.

After obtaining the energy and spiritual qi of that drop of blood, the originally lethargic Nian’er who was almost in an unconscious state slowly opened his eyes, and a hint of colour brightened up his small, thin face.

“Well, my old husband and son have died in the hands of those thieves. I am already very satisfied to live a few more days. Now I should go accompany them. I don’t have much blood and flesh left, but it can still be used. You can just take it to cook, to replenish some physical strength. Otherwise if you will continue to lose blood, your strength will also weaken, and it will be difficult for you to protect the children...”

Before she had finished.

Aunt Lin, who had been incredibly weak all along, all of a sudden resolutely slammed into the stonewall behind her. Before the others could react, she had directly killed herself and collapsed onto the ground.

There was only a little amount of blood flowing out of the palm-sized wound.

“Aunt Lin!”

“Quick! Quickly save her!”

Several of the disciples nearby gathered around at the same time.

But when Zhou Yuanshan, who had the strongest medical knowledge, examined Aunt Lin, he shook his head, indicating that there was nothing he could do.

“Aunt Lin was incredibly weak, lacking in water and food for a few days. She was on the verge of death but, now...” Zhou Yuanshan stretched out his hand and gently closed Aunt Lin's eyes.

Around, the people curled up under the stonewalls and broken statues were grieving, many could not bear to look again.

“Aunt Lin, Aunt Lin, if we really ate your flesh and drank your blood in order to survive, then what would be the difference between us and those evil people!” Qiao Qu held Aunt Lin's thin hand that was gradually turning cold, both angry and sad.

But Aunt Lin could no longer hear her.

At that moment of death, there was still a hint of determination and a hint of gratification on Aunt Lin’s face.

The group was sad, but there was nothing they could do.

Half an hour later.

All of the hundreds of people had absorbed a drop of blood and began to rest.

During this period of time there were a few old men who also wanted to follow Aunt Lin’s example and end their life. They did not want to be a burden to the group anymore but were stopped by the disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect.

Zhang Ye and Qiao Qu led several other junior brothers to the city walls of Lifeng City.

Lifeng City was dark and silent, and everywhere was full of endless desolation.

“Senior brother Zhang Ye, what should we do next? We can’t continue to extend the lives of the others, this is not a long term solution.” Qiao Qu knitted her brows in a deep frown. The scene of Aunt Lin resolutely taking her own life seemed to linger in her mind.

“Yes, senior brother Jin Yu and the others are still in Yu Leaf City. They should have started the plan by now, I wonder if they had succeeded.” Cheng Kui was gazing in the direction of Yu Leaf City with a tinge of worry in his eyes.

“Sigh... A small piece of ordinary Origin crystal is now priceless in Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. It’s not that easy to steal it.” Luo Qi sighed, “I just hope senior brother Jin Yu and the others are safe...”

Zhang Ye stood at the edge of the city wall, similarly staring at the direction of Yu Leaf City in silence. It was unknown what he was thinking about.

It was at this point that a strange scene occurred again.

There was a flashing brilliance in the Void.

Before anyone could react, in a place around less than one hundred kilometers away from Lifeng City, there were ripples of dense yuan qi that was like a huge net, enveloping the sky and the surroundings of the city.

“Hahahaha... Zhang Ye, you traitors! Let's see where else you can run to!”

A tyrannical and cold voice resounded between Heaven and earth.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 858:


Chapter 875, A snowflake

Before the voice faded away.

In the Void around Lifeng City.

The ripples of light began to flash and the endless sandstorm began to vibrate, producing strange sounds of friction.

Murderous spirit instantly filled the heavens and earth.

A sharp and fierce light screen surrounded the more than one hundred Human Race escapees from all sides.

Numerous people, who were dressed in the same style of clothing as Zhang Ye and the others, came out from the halo of light, headed towards the city walls that Zhang Ye and the others were situated. These people were also disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect. With a rough glance, there were at least thirty people, and all were masters above the Heaven Ascension realm. Their strength was enough to crush the one hundred escapees in the ruins of the ancient city.

The expression on the face of Zhang Ye and the others changed greatly.

“Not good...” Qiao Qu hurriedly made eye signals at the other senior and junior brothers, indicating them to quickly protect the elderly and children.

And it was at this time that Zhang Ye had already recognized that among the experts who had come, there was Elder Ming Jue.

The fact that Elder Ming Jue had led many experts here suggested that they have come prepared. They did not discover them out of chance, and given the situation, there was only one possibility - the plan in Yu Leaf City, which was led by senior brother Jin Yu and the others, had failed, and they most likely have fallen.

This was definitely the worst news.

“Hahaha, a group of mice are hiding here, haha...” Elder Ming Jue looked down from the Void, taking in everything at a glance. He knew that this surprise attack was successful, and that the escapees were all here.

“Where's senior brother Jin Yu? How do you know about this place, old thief? It must be... what have you done with senior brother Jin Yu?” Cheng Kui snapped at Elder Ming Jue.

“Kekeke... You brothers really have deep relationships, in that case, how can your Master, I, separate you guys, kekeke...” Elder Ming Jue’s eyes were piercing and ferocious, and with the wave of his hand, he tossed out a head that was stained with blood out of thin air. It looked as though he was discarding trash onto the pile of rocks near the city wall.

The wound across the neck was uneven, as though it had been severed by a blunt object a little at a time, but there was also a lot of skin, flesh and bones left, simply like he had been gnawed by animal teeth. There was not an unmarked piece of skin on his body.

“It's senior brother Jin Yu!” Luo Qi let out mournful roar.

He recognized right away the remaining half of a jade hairpin among the blood-stained hair, which was a gift from them to senior brother Jin Yu for his birthday.

“Senior brother Jin Yu!” Zhou Yuanshan and Liu Ming, in spite of being encircled by numerous disciples, directly rushed over to Jin Yu's head, carefully wrapped it around in their outer robe and held it in their arms.

“You... are you human? You're worse than animals!” Qiao Qu's voice choked.

“Jin Yu that stupid idiot had betrayed the sect, but also attempted to steal the treasure of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect while I went to hunt down that lowly mother and son. He deserves to die, and you, Zhang Ye!” Ming Jue's eyes were piercing, and his finger like a sword pointed to Zhang Ye, as he fiercely hissed, “You are a traitor, dare to lead the rebellion and escape the city with so many people, how rebellious!”

“Hmph, Master Ming Jue, speaking of rebellious, I think the entire Ancient Sky Dragon Sect is aware of who betrayed the sect!” With a sneer, Zhang Ye stood in front of Qiao Qu and the other junior brothers.

Behind him, Qiao Qu, Cheng Kui and the others also drew their life weapons.

“Keke... I remember you used to be like a dog in the sect. After hiding around for one month, you guys even dare to disobey your Master, I? But it doesn't matter, today all of the people in Lifeng City will not survive, not a single one of you will leave here alive!” Elder Ming Jue grinned, but that smile was sinister and oppressive.

“Ming Jue you old thing, us brothers have treated you with respect all these years. You are a disgrace to our sect, even if you had deliberately made things difficult for us we did not rebel against you. But you, as an elder, had unexpectedly betrayed the sect, and followed the bad example of Cang Li. You really are shameless. Today, at the worst we will die happily, which is better than continuing to live under your abuse of power!”  Cheng Kui’s fierce eyes contained a tinge of determination and fearlessness.

“Haha, since you want to die, then your Master, I, will fulfill your wish!” Ming Jue's face darkened.

The murderous spirit around him and his imposing manner instantly soared, as he made a hand gesture to the surrounding Ancient Sky Dragon Sect disciples and issued the order, “All attack, haha, Elder Cang Li does not want to see these rebellious people live on in this world. Haha, kill every single one of them, do not let any one of them survive!”

“Understood.”

“Yes.”

There were flashes of light.

The Ancient Sky Dragon Sect disciples landed on the ground in a flash, charging towards the group of escapees.

This situation instantly turned dangerous.

Qiao Qu, Luo Qi and the others knew that today it was difficult to escape death. They no longer had the slightest reservation, and one after another, they activated yuan qi. They took on a sorrowful look, but there was not the slightest fear across their faces. Just as Cheng Kiu had said, what they were about to face was not a fight at the risk of their life but a fight to a happy death.

At least, they would be free.

At the very least, they had a very clear conscience and had lived up to what the Human Race, who trusted them, who expected.

A massacre was about to start.

It was at this time that Zhang Ye gritted his teeth and suddenly spoke, “Wait!”

In the Void.

“Why, want to beg for mercy? It's too late!” Ming Jue cast a contemptuous glance.

“Master Ming Jue, since we will no doubt die today, then why not have a fair battle. Let us die like martial artists. I have long heard about your [Clear Sky Dragon Slash], which is known as one of the treasures of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect. I wonder if Master can show it to me before I die?” Zhang Ye gave a faint smile and a cupped fish salute.

Elder Ming Jue's eyes flashed. He swept his eyes over Zhang Ye and the few disciples behind him, revealing a sinister smiling expression.

Although Zhang Ye was known to have a boring and dull personality, and was not good at expressing himself, but he had always been the strongest of the younger generation. Moreover, his perseverance was particularly astonishing. In particular, in recent years, the former master Tian Yunlong had raised him as a successor to the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect. If he was in perfect condition then Elder Ming Jue did not have absolute confidence in winning against him. But now he was exhausted and depleted of yuan qi. It was evident that fleeing for one month had caused both his physical strength and yuan qi to decline greatly. He was nothing to be feared now, and would instead give Elder Ming Jue a good opportunity to show his strength, get rid of the traitors, and the new sect master will inevitably reward him greatly.

If he had killed Zhang Ye it would be an opportunity to spread fame.

“Hahaha, you want to stall for time, haha, so what if I give you this opportunity? Zhang Ye, you are no match for me, don’t say I’m bullying you, you are just an idiot who overestimated yourself. Come together, let your Master, I, send you all to see that traitor Jin Yu!”

As the voice of Elder Ming Jue faded, the imposing manner instantly soared.

Killing intent, like waves of hurricane, surged out.

The yellow sand and dust around had frozen in the Void.

A bizarre and biting cold aura erupted out all of a sudden.

It was incomparably berserk. A landslide of power filled the sky of Lifeng City. It was as though a fiendgod had descended, directly crushing Zhang Ye and the others.

On the city walls.

Zhang Ye, who stood at the front, immediately felt the approaching mountainous power, which was one that he absolutely could not defend against. He tightly clenched his teeth, lurched forward, and the halo of surging yuan qi around him was slightly shaken, evidently affected by a violent force.

But he must not fall.

Behind them were hundreds of innocent people, who did not have the slightest strength to fight back.

Ahh!

A roar broke out all of a sudden.

Zhang Ye made a grabbing motion in the air, bringing out his life weapon, the [Eight Sacrificial Sword].

A beam of orange light was injected into it, awakening the [Eight Sacrificial Sword]. It issued a beast-like roar, and at this time his eyes were blazing with fighting spirit, as though they had been dyed red with blood. The muscles of his limbs instantly expanded, several had already split open. His bones and flesh were visible, blood flowing out, and his feet forcibly crushed the rocks beneath.

“Senior brother Zhang Ye!” Qiao Qu, who was enveloped in a faint layer of cyan force, was as pale as paper, but still firmly and decisively walked over to Zhang Ye, standing shoulder to shoulder with him. Her eyes were gentle as water as she looked at her sweetheart, “I will not be able to be with you this life, but in the next life... I will definitely wait for you to find me!”

“And us.”

Cheng Kui, Liu Ming, Luo Qi and Zhou Yuanshan also took a step forward, taking out their life weapons.

The six people stood side by side, with a sad and fearless look in their eyes. The yuan qi was triggered to the most extreme level, forming a ripple of light that stubbornly resisted against the boundless power.

They should not have been so powerless against an Immortal Step realm expert given the fact that they were all of the Heaven Ascension realm, but the lack of water and food these days, the continuous loss of yuan qi, and also because they had been drawing out blood to extend the lives of other people, had really depleted their strength. They could not even display one-tenth of their true power.

Qiao Qu and the other junior brothers were like saplings in the midst of a storm, swaying side to side. No matter how they tried to operate their yuan qi, they could not stabilize themselves, and were about to be drowned in that endless pressure and killing intent.

“Keke... you idiots can’t even stand steadily, you think you can win against me? Your death is not to be regretted. All disciples listen to the order, do not spare even a dog or chicken in Lifeng City!” Elder Ming Jue looked down in a condescending manner, a thunderous voice bellowed out. The yuan qi and murderous spirit rolled up like waves, becoming more intense than before.

He was about to make a move.

But at this moment.

“Ah?” Elder Ming Jue suddenly had a slight change of expression, and his body went stiff.

Because there was suddenly a little white shadow fluttering in front of him.

It was a snowflake.

An ice crystal that was as gentle and pure as a goose feather, as though it had been sprinkled down from the Ninth Heaven, was uncontaminated by the slightest speck of sand or dust. With a glowing luster, it lightly floated down.

“What's going on!” Elder Ming Jue’s eyes darted around the Void, flashing with astonishment. “The life yuan of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain is almost depleted, all spiritual qi had dissipated, and all living things are dying. It had not rained for a hundred years, how would it snow all of a sudden...”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 859:


Chapter 876, Just like a God

A snowflake, of course, was nothing strange.

What was really surprising to Elder Ming Jue was that the piece of snowflake had unexpectedly appeared in Ancient Sky Dragon Domain.

The river, lakes and seas of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain had dried up hundreds of years ago, and almost all of the water sources were gone. It was a domain without water, with no change of seasons, and did not have the natural climate and conditions for it to snow. Therefore, it had not snowed for hundreds of years.

It was normal that it hadn't snowed.

But where did the snow come from?

It was just unbelievable.

The bizarre change turned the originally tensed scene a bit strange.

“It's... it's snowing, this...” Zhang Ye also found something odd.

It was not only Zhang Ye, many others also saw that the sky was filled with fluttering snowflakes.

Their reaction was no different from that of Elder Ming Jue.

Everyone was shocked, in disbelief, blankly staring at the fluttering snowflakes. Their expressions were a little complicated, sometimes a little confused, sometimes surprised and uncertain. But very soon they saw that there were more and more snowflakes in the vast Void, fluttering all over the sky. A number of palm-sized hexagonal ice crystals formed from snowflakes were gently floating with the wind like snow spirits.

All of the people present, except for Elder Ming Jue, had never left Ancient Sky Dragon Domain before. The oldest person was no more than one hundred years old. Since birth, they had only seen the declining era of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, and the only snow that they had seen was in some historical books. They had never seen such an illusion-like scene.

“Is this snow? It's beautiful,” someone whispered.

For a moment, everyone seemed to feel that they were situated in a sacred and flawless space, illusions began to unconsciously emerge in their mind, and everyone looked enthralled.

The Heaven and earth went silent, not a single sound could be heard.

“No, what is going on here? There shouldn't be snow, there shouldn't be...” Elder Ming Jue, realizing that something unbelievable might happen, became a little agitated.

At this moment.

A noise suddenly broke out between Heaven and earth——

“The world is vast, but does not tolerate scoundrels. The ice sword is ruthless in severing all thieves and monsters.”

The voice was loud and resounding like a huge bell, echoing across this side of the world. It was untraceable, but was close to the ear. That voice, also contained an incomparably intense Saint power and aura of the Dao, shaking the minds of all creatures, to the point that they were awestruck and couldn't help but choose to surrender.

The people in the Void were even more frantic.

That voice...

However, before they were able to react, they saw that the snowflakes seemed to have come to life all of a sudden, transforming into beams of silver light under the guidance of a mysterious power and swiftly assembled in the same direction. The snowflakes condensed into one, dazzling silver brilliance instantly soared.

Immediately, there was a flash of silver light.

Among the fluttering snowflakes, a few figures slowly began to emerge, seeming to have weaved out from the sky.

The figures, like deities descending onto the world, in a flash, appeared next to Zhang Ye and the others.

“Who its it?”

“Who are you?”

The gazes of all of the people present all uncontrollably but uniformly gathered onto the several figures.

There was a total of four figures.

They were by a young man who was less than twenty years old, and looked extremely young, but he had a deity-like aura, and was handsome and graceful. He was clad in a white robe, which was whiter than snow and exuded a faint silver luster. His black hair fluttered in the wind, and there was even a faint glow slowly flowing out between his hair. His figure, silhouetted against the light, did not emit a shred of yuan qi, but the oppressive power he exuded seemed to be different from this world, more like that of an Immortal from the Ninth Heaven.

On his shoulder, there was also a lazy white puppy lying down.

The puppy was fluffy and seemed to be taking a nap, and if one didn’t pay closer attention, one would think that he was a just small white ball of fluff.

And behind this man and dog, there was a young man in a glistening black armour. He seemed to be a bodyguard of the man in white. And to the right stood a woman in a water-coloured dress. Her facial features were beautiful, skin clear as jade, gentle and elegant, and there was a noble air around her. Nestled in her arms was a three- or four-year-old little boy.

Who were these people?

How could they appear out of nowhere?

At this moment, such a question emerged in the minds of all the people present.

After Zhang Ye recovered from the shock he immediately realized that the snowflakes might have something to do with the man. However, Zhang Ye did not know him, and he did not look like a person of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. However, when he saw the woman at the back, he was slightly astonished.

“Young... you... are... the Young Madam?”

Zhang Ye forcibly widened his eyes, almost as though he did not dare to believe what he had seen with them and could not help exclaiming out loud.

Beside him, Cheng Kui and Zhou Yuanshan, as well as several other middle-level disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect also reacted right away.

The woman within the light was the Young Lord’s wife, Qin Hui, who was rumoured to have died in a foreign land, and the little boy in her arms was the real heir of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect——Tian Ning!

“It's Young Madam... and Young Master!”

“Great, they're still alive...”

“Haha, Young Madam is alive, Young Master is alive!”

Zhang Ye and the other disciples were both surprised and astonished at this time, before they burst into exclamations.

And at the same time.

In the Void.

Elder Ming Jue, who was originally majestic-looking and filled with killing intent, now looked like he had seen a ghost.

He looked at the man in white with fear in his eyes, his voice somewhat frightened, and said, “Ye... Ye Qingyu?”

He had never thought that, in just less than ten days, he would once again, on such an occasion, meet the [Ice Sword Killing God]——Ye Qingyu. That day in the congress divine temple, Ye Qingyu, with the wave of his hand, had astonishingly killed an Immortal Step realm disciple. That imposing manner and power were simply God-like. Those scenes once again surfaced in his mind, causing Elder Ming Jue to feel as though he had fallen into an ice cave.

At this time, he was extremely afraid, and didn't have the thought to fight back at all. He was unconsciously shivering all over, and not only did his fighting spirit dissipate, the previous killing intent also instantly turned into nothingness.

“Haha, Elder Ming Jue, what a coincidence... we meet again.” The corners of Ye Qingyu's mouth were curled upwards into a half smile.

Although there was no emotion in his voice, there was a hint of icy coldness. However, the greeting that seemed to be an acquaintances saying hello made Elder Ming Jue terrified and trembled like a sieve.

He remembered what Ye Qingyu had said in the congress divine temple last time, and then glanced at the faint killing intent contained in that smile.

He instantly understood what it meant to meet again this time.

The Madman Ye who kills based on his mood, how would he have mercy on him...

Therefore, just as the others were still confused, studying the man in white with a trace of curiosity, all of a sudden——

“Ah!”

A tragic scream sounded from Elder Ming Jue, like a rabbit whose tail had been stepped on. He instantly erupted out with all his power, transformed into a stream of light and sped away. He didn’t even dare to glance at Ye Qingyu again.

He was frightened out of his wits by Ye Qingyu.

“This...”

“What's going on?”

The young man had only made a greeting, why did Elder Ming Jue suddenly run away like a stray dog?

Everyone was astonished at Elder Ming Jue’s reaction.

The next moment.

Ye Qingyu shook his head gently.

He casually waved his hand in a neither fast nor slow speed.

His fingertips glowed, and an ice sword appeared out of nowhere.

Swoosh!

There was a blaze of light.

The ice sword shone brightly, like a flash of silver lightning with uncontrollable power.

Wherever the sword passed by, the Void was instantly torn apart, and the cracks remained for a good while. Elder Ming Jue, who was already thousands of meters away, could not hide any longer. The ice sword had pierced right through. His body went stiff, and it was too late to even let out a scream, before he was directly nailed to death in midair. He had turned into an ice sculpture, and was shattered into millions of ice shards on the ground.

For a moment, Heaven and earth were utterly silent.

The sound of ice crystals falling became exceptionally clear.

The tinkling noises and thudding were like boulders pounding on a giant drum.

Elder Ming Jue... had died?

The disciples in the Void were completely deterred, each and every single one of them revealed a dull, lifeless look.

Elder Ming Jue, who had God-like strength to them, was unexpectedly killed by the young man without much effort.

That young man was not greeting him at all, he was sending out the order of death...

After a long while, still not one of the disciples could react to what was going on.

An elder of the pinnacle of the Immortal Step realm was, in their eyes, as powerful as a god, an invincible existence. But the man in white was able to kill him with the flick of his finger. This...

That young man... could he be a true God?

Zhang Ye and the others were just as incomparably shocked.

Just a moment ago when Elder Ming Jue only released his aura, it had already made them unable to resist. They did not even have an opportunity to retaliate, but now... the young man had turned such a powerful old thief into shards of ice with the wave of his hand. The huge contrast shook their sense of view. It was almost like a dream.

“Ah... run!” another scream rang in mid-air.

The disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect finally reacted.

The youngster in white was too powerful, and was an enemy and not a friend. If he could kill Elder Ming Jue in a flash, then the Heaven Ascension realm disciples would just be like ants before the youngster in white.

Run!

It was the only word that appeared in their minds.

Dozens of beams of light bloomed. Everybody unleashed all of their yuan qi, turned into a stream of light, and desperately fled in all directions.

But Ye Qingyu was still standing where he was, and did not make a move——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 860:


Chapter 877, Plan

Watching the pursuers run out of his range of sight, Ye Qingyu showed no intention of giving chase. But Zhang Ye panicked, immediately turned to look at Ye Qingyu, and shouted anxiously, “Not good... hero, please do something, don’t let them get away. There are innocent people here, and they will inform the others if they are able to go back. Even more people would come here...”

Ye Qingyu looked at Zhang Ye, did not say a word, and simply smiled.

As the smile curved his lips, there was not the slightest aura of yuan qi, as though he did not release any power. However, the next moment, there were dozens of ice swords that silently emerged from behind him. Each and every one of them was as though created from ice, crystal clear, and emitting a piercing chill. They fanned out in layers behind Ye Qingyu, like a white peacock spreading its tail. It was incredibly beautiful, but impossible to gaze at from close up.

Ye Qingyu waved his hand.

The next moment.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh!

The fan-like blades bloomed like an orchid cactus, beautiful and dazzling, and then immediately transformed into several silver ice swords, instantly piercing through the Void and cutting through the air like silver snakes at a lightning fast speed. In the blink of an eye, they had already nailed all of the disciples who were wildly running away to death.

Bang, bang, bang!

Amidst the muffled noises, the disciples, who were fleeing frantically, had all been pierced by the ice swords without exception. The next second, they all turned into humanoid ice sculptures, lost their strength and power, but still maintained the posture of charging forward. They plunged down, shattering into ice shards and powder on the ground.

An instant kill.

A complete kill.

Not a single person that Elder Ming Jue led here had managed to escape.

And regardless of whether it was in killing Elder Ming Jue or the other traitor disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, Ye Qingyu was still standing where he was.

Zhang Ye's face was tensed up before, but his expression froze upon seeing this scene.

They... were all dead?

So fast...

Zhang Ye's eyes were wide with disbelief, standing rooted to the spot, as if he could not believe everything that he had seen. The power that was contained within the dancing ice swords was already something that he could not fathom.

That... that young man, what was his background?

They could not completely understand what kind of power it was in that split second.

All eyes were focused on Ye Qingyu.

It was a look of awe and fear.

They could not understand why the young man, who looked gentle and refined, could kill with the raise of his hand like he was cutting grass. Dozens of Heaven Ascension realm experts were cleanly dealt with, and without the slightest hesitation. Even Elder Ming Jue. who was of the pinnacle of the Immortal Step realm, was also killed effortlessly like he was just picking flowers.

Then Zhang Ye suddenly remembered something. Before Elder Ming Jue was frightened out of his wits, he seemed to have faintly heard him say ‘Ye Qingyu’.

Ye Qingyu?

It sounded like a name.

Was that the name of the young man in white?

Zhang Ye, Qiao Qu and the other disciples were powerful, elite disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, and once had a certain identity and status. But in fact, in the past hundreds of years they had not left Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, and what they knew was limited to the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. Thus, they naturally did not know about Ye Qingyu, and what the name represented.

For a moment, there was complete silence.

It was as if all the noises in the whole world had stopped.

All the people gathered their complex gazes on the expert in white. There was awe, respect, admiration, suspicion and worry.

All the ice sculptures that shattered around them had finally dissipated, and everything had turned to dust.

Qin Hui was very clear about the strength of Ye Qingyu, so she was not at all shocked. Holding Ning'er in her arms, she slowly walked out from behind Ye Qingyu, looked at Zhang Ye, and said, “I recognize you, you are... Zhang Ye, junior brother Zhang Ye.”

“Yes! Zhang Ye pays his respects to Young Madam, pays his respects to Young Master!” Zhang Ye hurriedly bowed.

“We Pay our respects to Young Madam and Young Master!” Qiao Qu, Cheng Kui and the other disciples also bowed respectfully.

“That's already in the past, and now I'm just an exile. You don't have to be that polite.” Qin Hui already had a good impression of Zhang Ye and the others. Moreover, the fact that Zhang Ye and the other people did not follow the bad example of Elder Ming Jue made her feel more amiable towards them. She greeted them one by one.

But Zhang Ye and the others were still extremely respectful to Qin Hui, the wife of the former sect master, and still maintained the usual etiquette.

“This is Lord Ye Qingyu from Heaven Wasteland Domain. He is a famous figure who shook the Road of Chaos. It was Lord Ye Qingyu who save Ning’er and I,” Qin Hui introduced him to Zhang Ye and others.

“Thank you, Lord Ye Qingyu.”

“Pays respect to Lord Ye Qingyu.”

Zhang Ye and the others were even more in awe with Ye Qingyu when they heard this.

It turned out that he was a famous person outside of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, no wonder he was so powerful.

Madam Qin had actually found strong reinforcements, then perhaps there was hope in restoring the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect?

Thinking of this, Zhang Ye and the others could not help feeling excited.

Qin Hui also introduced them to Ye Qingyu, “Lord Ye Qingyu, they are the core loyal disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect. They were sent by my late father to Yu Leaf City to take care of all things in the city. This is Zhang Ye, the head of Blue Tree Hall.”

“Hello, brothers!” Ye Qingyu said with a smile.

Zhang Ye dared not to be disrespectful, and hurriedly bowed in response. Unconsciously his eyes were filled with reverence and admiration, as he gave a cupped fist salute to express his gratitude.

It was no wonder that the news of Elder Ming Jue returning to the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect was so secretive. If the Young Madam and Young Master really did die at his hands, he was bound to have announced it to the world. But they had a great God-level backer protecting them, not to mention Elder Ming Jue, even Cang Li would be no match for him.

Heaven will always leave a door open!

Before that, the disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, who were still loyal to the former Lord Tian Yunlong, as well as the ordinary citizens in the various great cities, all thought that there was no hope of reviving the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect ever since the traitors took control of it. Moreover, with their strength, even if they wanted to fight against the new sect master and Elder Cang Li, it would simply be like ants trying to shake a tree. This was why they made the decision to flee.

But now the wife of the head of the sect had come back with reinforcements, who had heaven-defying strength. This made Zhang Ye and the others feel incredibly overjoyed and excited.

In particular, Qiao Qu was unceasingly grateful to Lord Ye Qingyu from Heaven Wasteland Domain.

During the battle against Elder Ming Jue, she in fact was prepared to die with her beloved, but it was at that moment that Zhang Ye was saved, and Ye Qingyu naturally became their saviour.

Ye Qingyu smiled and nodded, his attitude was easy-going and warm.

A moment later.

Cheng Kui, Luo Qi and the other disciples were responsible for distributing some Immortal fruits that Ye Qingyu and Luo Yi brought to the people under the city wall, while Ye Qingyu, Qin Hui and others were invited to rest in a stone room not too far away.

“Lord Ye Qingyu, this is it, please come in.”

Zhang Ye walked in front, guiding Ye Qingyu and the others into the stone room.

Ye Qingyu glanced around and found that the stone room was not too big, but was carefully cleaned and tidied up, though there were many cracks on the four walls. There sand and a faint wind that penetrating through the cracks, but it was the most intact and well-preserved place in the entire Lifeng City.

“This place is really simple. I am embarrassed to let Lord Ye Qingyu rest here.” Qiao Qu's face was full of guilt.

It was indeed disrespectful to let the saviour, who came to save the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, to rest in the ruins.

But Ye Qingyu smiled and did not seem to care.

He had seen the current state of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain along the way, and understood that it was not easy to find a stone room like this in the abandoned ancient city, which could shelter him from the sand and wind. Moreover, it did not seem that the disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect usually rested here. Instead they chose to sleep on the ground with the ordinary citizens in the ruins. This kind intention was very rare.

“Junior brother Zhang, what has happened these days?” Qin Hui suddenly asked.

Zhang Ye and Qiao Qu exchanged a glance, sighing.

It turned out that ever since Mother Qin Hui and her son had left Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, the traitors had truly taken control of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect. Not only did they sweep through the major cities one by one, they exhausted all kinds of excuses to kill and to get rid of outsiders. Everywhere people were living in misery and suffering, and they also crowned a new sect master.

Ever since the new sect master took over, there were a number of high-pressure policies introduced. He willfully persecuted the ordinary people in the city, and viewed human life as insignificant as weed, causing the citizens in the huge cities to not be able to live a peaceful life.

Moreover, during this period of time, all the hall masters and disciples in the great cities that were controlled by the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect must unconditionally comply with the orders of the new sect master and carry out those heinous acts for him.

Under the oppression, Zhang Ye and the other disciples secretly made a plan to lead the citizens of Yu Leaf City to escape.

“Originally I should be the one staying in Ancient Sky Dragon Sect to steal the Origin crystal and meet up with the others later on, and then use the Origin crystal to activate the Domain Gates of the abandoned ancient city to bring the people out of Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. But Senior brother Jin Yu... he said that if the plan fails, then the only person who would be able to protect the people would be me. So he ordered me to lead the junior brothers and the ordinary people to flee a month ago. He found a way to steal the Origin crystal....but I did not think, sigh. I didn’t think thatHeaven would be jealous of such a genius. What came today was Elder Ming Jue... and the news of the death of senior brother Jin Yu...”

Speaking of this, Zhang Ye was filled with grief, and looked at Ye Qingyu with a more grateful look.

Elder Ming Jue had slaughtered senior brother Jin Yu, and if it were not for Lord Ye Qingyu, they would not have been able to avenge senior brother Jin Yu.

“The plan failed, but if it were not for Lord Ye Qingyu’s timely appearance, we would have died in this vast desert already.” Qiao Qu patted Zhang Ye gently, comforting his sweetheart.

“No need to be so polite.” Ye Qingyu gave a faint smile, again looked at Zhang Ye, and asked, “what are your plans next?”

This...

Zhang Ye was taken aback, and then shook his head with a wry smile, “These days, we have been short on food and water. My brothers and I, and the hundreds of the weak, elderly and children could really be said to be in a desperate situation. We really have no idea what to do next.”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

He had long noticed that the yuan qi of Zhang Ye and the others was at a near-depleted state. Moreover, it seemed that during this period of time, they also paid a great price in order to preserve the lives of everyone in the huge group. Otherwise they would not have been so powerless in the battle against Elder Ming Jue.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

