Chapter 781:


Chapter 798 - All Perished



The last time they fought in the Heaven Wasteland Domain, his doppleganger was surprise attacked and slain by Ye Qingyu's [Blood Drinker Sword]. Although it was merely a doppleganger, it was connected to his main body and transmitted information to him, allowing him to know about the weirdness and horror of the [Blood Drinker Sword].

All this time, he had been on guard against the [Blood Drinker Sword], but Ye Qingyu had instead been using the [Dragon Blood Halberd], whose power was unsurpassed yet withstandable. Moreover, Ye Qingyu had not grasped the true techniques of the Dragon Human Race, and thus could not utilize the full power of the halberd. The [Blood Drinker Sword], on the other hand...

Until now, Ao Tianzun still remembered the last message sent by the doppleganger. It said that, after drinking blood, the ordinary-looking large sword's power escalated to a shocking degree which defied all logic and measure...

Because he could not comprehend the sword back then, he then went out of his way to research on its mysteries, and vaguely guessed that the sword contained some kind of emperor-level formation which allowed it to consume the power of fresh blood and convert it into offensive power.

At that time, the blood drank by the sword belonged to ordinary experts.

During the battle of Saints on this day, if the [Blood Drinker Sword] sucked in the fresh blood of perished Saints, how frightening would its power be?

When Ao Tianzun saw Ye Qingyu pulling out that heavy and giant sword, he immediately knew that things were bad. While he did have some knowledge about and counters to this sword, the current situation rendered his preparations and counters worthless. After all, a Saint battle was not a situation he could control...

Hoo loo loo!

Whopping amounts of Saint blood gathered on the [Blood Drinker Sword].

After drinking the Saint blood, the giant sword let out a super-high-frequency shockwave which superposed the surrounding air and caused never-ending explosive noises. Dark-red formations circulated around the sword, on which traces of blood emerged all over in no time. This was strange to the extreme. The entire sword seemed to come alive, emanating a heart-palpitating saintly power.

From the surroundings, endless streams of Saint blood continued to flow toward the giant sword.

Even Ye Qingyu himself felt a bout of surprise, for the increase in the sword's power way exceeded his initial expectations, becoming as unmanageable as the outbreak of mountain torrents. Moreover, he vaguely felt that something on the sword had been triggered, such that an inconceivable change was happening to the giant sword at this very moment.

Ao Tianzun bawled as he attacked in a frenzy.

He knew that he could not allow the [Blood Drinker Sword] to drink up all of the Saint blood, or otherwise, he would die an ignominious death today. He worked up the Divine Sky Sect's [Heavenly Primeval Chaos Qi Breakthrough Technique] to its fullest, while holding in his hand a longsword which was the famous pinnacle Saint weapon called the [Small Heavenly Sword]. In an instant, his battle strength became on par with that of a Saint.

"Feeling desperate?" Ye Qingyu sneered.

He naturally knew Ao Tianzun's idea, and so he operated the True Will of the Sky Dragon to transform into a dragon. While holding the [Dragon Blood Halberd] with one claw to hold off Ao Tianzun's attacks, his other claw firmly gripped the [Blood Drinker Sword], allowing fragments of flickering blood light, which resembled fluttering butterflies and leaping flames, to gather on it.

More strangely, the sword emitted a blood-colored mist that seemed like a light shield, instantly protecting him within. No matter how crazily Ao Tianzun attacked, Ye Qingyu's figure could not be moved, let alone harmed.

"How can this be?" Ao Tianzun's soul was scared out of his body.

Ye Qingyu was astounded and pleasantly surprised.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] was on the verge of divinity.

A change like this would make him completely invincible.

The giant sword became so heavy that the dragon claw felt as if it was holding the entire world.

"I can't continue to absorb the power of Saint blood..." Ye Qingyu felt that the giant sword was coming back to life and becoming uncontrollable. Focusing all of his power on it, he brandished the sword and struck it toward Ao Tianzun.

The sword vigor gradually pressed down.

Just gradually.

With his power and defense raised to the maximum, Ao Tianzun watched as the sword vigor press down on him, yet he did not feel even the slightest offensive burst of qi throughout its movement. It was as if Ye Qingyu had simply waved his sword across the air.

"What's going on?"

He was bewildered.

A short moment later, he suddenly became dazed, and discovered astonishedly that the world in front of him divided into two. A visual angle he had never experienced before appeared, as if the entire world had been ripped open. He was utterly unable to comprehend what was going on in good time.

Across the way, Ye Qingyu was completely stunned.

What he saw was that Ao Tianzun had been neatly split into two right down the middle, without any bloodstains or wounds. It could just as well have been a human portrait which was torn into two pieces. Ao Tianzun's entire being, armor, and horizontally-raised sword had all been sundered...

Bam bam!

The two half-figures collapsed.

Ao Tianzun was dead.

Perhaps this successor of the Divine Sky Sect did not understand what was going on, even until his very last moment. After all, even Ye Qingyu himself was not fully sensible of the sword's mysteries, which seemed most natural yet deliberately mystifying at the same time. An idea flashed fleetingly in his mind. When he tried to wave the sword once more, he realized that this was no longer possible.

Buzzz.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] vibrated wildly.

As the surrounding battle situation grew in intensity, more wisps of Saint blood were spilled across the sky and continually gathered on the [Blood Drinker Sword], which became a dazzling red color as if it was formed from coagulated blood. Saintly power diffused and dissipated from it, and those injured Saints soon discovered to their astonishment that their blood, now seemingly uncontrollable, was sucked out through their wounds by a strange force and rapidly gathered on the giant sword in Ye Qingyu's hand.

Ye Qingyu also noticed this state of affairs.

However, the [Blood Drinker Sword] was becoming less bound to his control.

"What's going on?"

With his countenance shifting, Ye Qingyu quickly summoned the [Cloud Top Cauldron] from his body and kept the sword back into the refining space, sealing it in temporarily. This was so as to prevent too much Saint blood from being absorbed, which might lead to injuries to his own side's experts and cause misunderstandings.

A splendor flashed.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] disappeared.

The blood in the surrounding Void fell onto the ground like a pattering rain.

After keeping the [Dragon Blood Halberd], Ye Qingyu levitated outside the battlefield and only now heaved a sigh of relief.

During the battle with Ao Tianzun, the [Blood Drinker Sword] underwent a strange change after drinking Saint blood in such an environment. Using a method which even Ye Qingyu had not imagined, it easily settled the contest. Previously, Ao Tianzun had shown little regard for life, sending his doppelgangers to cause countless bloodsheds across the Heaven Wasteland Domain, and thus deserved to die a long time ago. Now that he was dead, there was practically no more burden in Ye Qingyu's heart.

So far, he had killed two disciples of the Divine Sky Sect, Lu Li and Ao Tianzun.

After briefly adjusting his inner yuan and stabilizing his breath, he raised his head and only now had sufficient energy to observe the surrounding battle situation.

Almost half a day had passed.

All of the Saints of the three opposing sects who had fought were dead, save for the Saint of the Divine Sky Sect, who was nevertheless in a critical state. His body was covered in blood and he was barely able to hold on, looking like he could not last another thirty minutes. On the Black Demon Pool's side, one martial Saint had died, while two had suffered significant injuries.

The condition of the Phoenix Race's guardian Saints was relatively better, albeit they had also withdrawn from the battle.

The guardian Saint of the Four Stars Sect finally died at the ferocious and violent hands of the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race, who chopped off his head and cradled it. That a generation of Saints had died at the hands of a later generation could be considered a tragedy and also the price the Four Stars holy girl paid for plotting against the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race while in the 18th district.

In the Void at present, horrifying energy waves arose endlessly. The only remaining match-up was that between the Four Stars holy girl and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, the two female Heaven's pridelings of generational beauty.

The latter clearly held an absolute advantage.

After carefully studying the situation, Ye Qingyu felt at ease, knowing that the Four Stars holy girl was bound to lose. However, there was still a little nagging doubt in his heart. Reasonably speaking, the holy girl's renown and strength should not be far off those of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, yet the strength she was displaying was considerably weaker than he imagined.

"Is it because she's sad about the deaths of her companions around her, and that's why she's preoccupied and hasn't brought out her real strength?" Ye Qingyu conjectured inwardly.

Another thirty minutes passed.

Boom!

With her figure resembling a seven-colored flowing light, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden jabbed her [Phoenix Wing Knife] non-stop at the holy girl. The layer of moonlight ash finally broke open completely, as a seven-colored knife light swept across the holy girl's body...

The battle instantly ended.

A splendor flickered.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden returned to Ye Qingyu's side.

Languishing in mid-air, the holy girl's body had marks left on it by the knife light, looking as if coloured pencils had drawn on it. With the moonlight brilliance faded, anyone could discern that the body had been cut into pieces. It was just that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's knife light was way too fast and had not burst out.

The holy girl's veil had also been sliced apart.

It turned into flying ash when a gust of wind blew by.

"That's..." Ye Qingyu was slightly shocked.

He saw that, beneath the silver veil, the holy girl's face was devoid of features, like a whiteboard. Those eyes, which were not covered by the veil, also disappeared mysteriously after the veil was removed. A ball of faint silver splendor shone on the empty white face... which was not a face at all.

"Your kind gift today will be heavily rewarded in the future."

A familiar voice sounded from the faceless body. It was, unmistakably, the holy girl's voice, carrying an intense killing intent and hatred, and causing anyone who heard it to feel a chill inside.

As soon as the voice was heard.

The seven-colored knife light burst out.

The holy girl's body disintegrated at once.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 782:


Chapter 799 - Shocking the Ancient Banyan City



However, what astonished everyone was that the disintegrated body did not spill any fresh blood. Instead, like jade, it split into several dozen pieces amid explosive noises and fell on the ground, becoming faint silver stones which contained no spiritual energy or light. Clinking sounds like those of gold were heard when these stones collided with one another. This was not a body of flesh and blood.

It was...

A doppelganger.

This was only a doppelganger.

After a momentary daze, Ye Qingyu immediately understood.

It turned out that the Four Stars holy girl who appeared today was not her true body but a doppelganger which seemed to be made from divine jade and infused with spiritual energy using supreme magical abilities. It actually possessed strength similar to that of the true body and could not be told apart from a living person. The holy girl's methods were truly extraordinary, and her ideas were frightening. It appeared that she had predicted the likelihood of danger while dealing with Ye Qingyu this time and thus did not show up in person, leaving Ao Tianzun and the experts of his sect to die here.

To one side, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden seemed as though she had realized this during the battle earlier, and hence she offered little response.

"A doppelganger, really?" The Little Princess of the Black Demon Race was taken aback, her eyes flickering a tinge of excitement. "Gooood, if she's not dead, that means I have the chance to take revenge. Next time, I'll kill this bitch myself."

Ye Qingyu was speechless.

The Little Princess was a downright vengeful battle maniac.

At least, she could clearly distinguish between kindness and grudge.

Because, right after she uttered those vicious words, she pranced grinningly toward Ye Qingyu, as if she suddenly reverted to the pure innocence of childhood, saying, "Brother Ye Qingyu, I've already told my father everything that happened in the 18th district. The Black Demon Race has requested the Alliance of Domains to relinquish control over you. I believe that your name will be removed from the wanted list very soon. My father thanks you for saving my life and hopes that you can visit the Black Demon Pool again one day. When that time comes, our race will certainly treat you as a distinguished guest... Heehee, in any case, I've designated you as my elder brother, and so you cannot decline."

As he looked at this dimple-faced young girl, it was hard for him to relate this well-behaved, delicate, pure, and pretty face to the tough girl who fought and killed at every turn earlier. However, he could see that her nature was pure and kindhearted, except that she had been living in the Black Demon Pool for too long and hence had been affected by it since she was young.

"Thank you, everyone, for your help this time." Ye Qingyu expressed his thanks to the other Saints of the Black Demon martial hall.

"You're welcome, Lord Ye Qingyu. For saving the Little Princess, you've become an honored guest of the Black Demon Race, and so it was our obligation to do all of this."

"That's right."

"Lord Ye Qingyu, if you have any need in the future, feel free to send word to the martial hall."

The Saints of the Black Demon Race's martial hall also saluted him back with utmost respect.

"I've troubled senior this time." Ye Qingyu thanked a guardian Saint of the Phoenix Race once more.

As he was talking, Li Shengyan came running from afar, excited like never before, laughing out loud, "Hahahaha, what a harvest this time. I've taken quite a few things from these dregs..."

Thanks to the secret formation given to him by [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], he easily destroyed the remaining evil elements and took away several treasures of the dead. His yield was obviously a huge one, for he smiled so widely that his mouth almost cramped.

Ye Qingyu shook his head silently.

The battle had finally drawn to a close.

With close to ten Saint deaths, this was absolutely the craziest battle to have taken place in the Vast Thousand Domains for nearly a century. While the Four Stars Sect and the Divine Sky Sect suffered considerable losses, the Blood Taster Sect's losses were disastrous. Their leadership was destroyed, their arsenal was plundered, and, beginning from that legendary and mysterious master, practically their entire top-end military was wiped out. By and large, this betokened that they would soon be delisted from the Ancient Banyan City and even from the Vast Thousand Domains.

Li Shengyan aside, nobody else showed much interest in their arsenal and riches.

After a round of giving thanks, Ye Qingyu parted from the crowd.

This time, it was a real farewell.

For a long time to come, it was highly unlikely that the Four Stars holy girl's camp would do anything to him. And, once word got out, those creatures and schemers harboring intent to surprise attack him would probably wise up and not dare to act. After all, with a Quasi-emperor and two super forces beside him on two successive occasions, who knew whether there would be a third time?

Being quite a shrewd man himself, Li Shengyan had deliberately kept a few experts alive to serve as runaways who would spread news of today's battle and invoke fear far and wide.

...

The sunlight was radiant and beautiful.

After an indeterminate period of time, the formation that shrouded above the mountain manor suddenly disappeared when a gust of wind blew past.

Terrifying energy waves dispersed from within.

Nobody noticed this initially.

However, before long, several experts in the Ancient Banyan City became aware. In their shock, they formed a file of figures that cut through the sky and arrived in the mountain manor to investigate. Standing on the periphery, they were dumbstruck by what they saw.

"What's going on?"

"The mountain manor... has been destroyed?"

"Gosh, how is this possible?"

"This place is associated with all kinds of evil, and should have been destroyed a long time ago, reasonably speaking. But, with several Saints protecting this place, and allegedly some mysterious forces supporting from behind, it's so powerful that even the City Lord is unwilling to lay a finger on it. So how did it end up getting destroyed?"

"That's right, who could have done this? And in such a brutal fashion to boot, wrecking the entire place. Could it have been done by Saints? I sense some Saint auras about."

"I don't think only Saints were involved. There are Saints guarding this place, to begin with. Look, that's clearly Saint blood over there that has dyed the air red. Saints must have died. My goodness, this battle must have been horrifying."

"Immediately send people to ask about and find out what happened."

"Go dispatch people to investigate."

"Pass down orders that I want to know exactly what happened within a day."

Many high-level officials from the large forces of the Ancient Banyan City were astounded.

Within half a day, the forces stationed here had been wiped out completely. This kind of power was simply too horrendous. Had it been used against them, these large forces would probably end up no differently. Many of them thus felt unnerved. With the balance of power in the Ancient Banyan City thrown off by this, a storm was most likely on its way.

...

Ye Qingyu did not remain long in the Ancient Banyan City.

He left the city as soon as he could, hoping to catch up with the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission at the quickest time possible and link back up with Yu Xiaoxing and the rest. With only around ten days left until the deadline for the domain rating, great speed was required.

However, he suddenly thought of something upon exiting the city gate.

Instead of entering the chaotic portal immediately, he waited for a while on the portal plaza and lit an incense stick.

Within several dozen breaths' worth of time, an emaciated and ice-cold figure arrived beside him.

It was none other than the elder from the Alliance of Domains, Shuang Wuyan.

"Did you summon me so that I would appear in public?" Shuang Wuyan asked in a frigid tone as he looked at Ye Qingyu.

The latter nodded.

As a matter of fact, their earlier separation was something they had discussed. Shuang Wuyan pretended to be lured away by the assassins, when, in reality, he concealed himself in the dark in coordination with Ye Qingyu. It just so happened that the events regarding the Black Armor Race and the 18th district sprung up so suddenly that the duo was unable to work together much, and thus he did not prove to be of much use.

As soon as word got out regarding today's battle, there would probably not be anyone who still dared to touch Ye Qingyu, who thus felt that Shuang Wuyan had no need to remain hidden and would be much more useful beside him. Working together, they could catch up with the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission at the fastest speed possible.

The duo entered the portal and advanced toward the next giant chaotic city.

Their destination was the ninth chaotic city - Sky Mirror Sea.

Along the way, Shuang Wuyan briefly introduced the origin of the Sky Mirror Sea to Ye Qingyu.

The Sky Mirror Sea was established by a martial emperor of the Water Demon Race several million years ago. Although it was considered one of the giant chaotic cities, it was actually an inland salt lake, at the very depths of which, tens of kilometers below the surface, was a huge underwater city made of halite and crystal.

After millions of years, the rulers of the Sky Mirror Sea at present were still the descendant race of the founding martial emperor, while the inhabitants were mostly the old water races derived from ancient times.

This time, Shuang Wuyan talked more than usual. In his introduction, he even mentioned that the depths of the lake contained a huge diversity of oceanic crystals which were replete with spiritual energy and could be considered top-grade medicinal materials. These were also the main commercial specialties of the Sky Mirror Sea currently.

Although Shuang Wuyan mostly spoke as concisely as possible, Ye Qingyu nevertheless became rather interested in this unique city after acquiring a fair idea of it.

Four hours later.

They had already entered the sphere of influence of the Sky Mirror Sea and were less than a hundred Kilometers from the actual sea area.

Walking behind, Ye Qingyu suddenly paused his footsteps.

He turned his sights to a wooden hut to the left of the road.

It was a terribly simple and practically undecorated log house.

Placed inside were several wooden chairs and tables, on which were arranged tea sets and tableware that were also carved from wood. Outside, hanging on a beam was an oilcloth which was written with a large [Tea] in ancient characters.

Every time he passed by such tea shops and taverns since leaving the Ancient Banyan City, Ye Qingyu would survey it for a while. If there were many people gathered within, he would enter and sit around for some time, hoping that he could hear some news regarding the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

At present, the people resting in this nameless tea house appeared to be mostly merchants and hawkers who conducted trade between the giant cities, as well as some weirdos who used mist to conceal their figures and faces. The walkers on the road of chaos each had their own secrets and purposes. Regarding this, Ye Qingyu had seen too much to be surprised.

"Let's head in and drink a cup of tea before we continue." Ye Qingyu's heart jolted as he walked toward the tea house.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 783:


Chapter
800 - More Shocking News


With a face like black ice, Shuang Wuyan silently followed closely behind.

After taking their seats, the duo was immediately attended to by the waiters, who brought tea.

Holding a wood-carved teacup, Ye Qingyu sniffed the refreshing fragrance within, and could tell that this was no ordinary tea, and was instead brewed from the tender leaves of a precious divine herb called the [Deity Attracting Tree]. It could strengthen one's constitution and inner yuan, improve one's concentration, and calm one's qi, and was particularly beneficial for martial experts. Taking his time, he sipped on the tea while carefully listening to the ongoing chatters and whispers.

Just then, a figure flickered in the distance.

Several hastily-moving figures, who were covered in so much gray mist that their race could not be identified, suddenly walked into the teahouse. The auras surging on them were not weak, and disclosed that they were at the pinnacle Immortal Step realm or thereabouts. As soon as they sat down, they ordered a few dishes and clustered together to discuss something in hushed voices.

"Big Brother, what's the source of your information? Is it reliable?" one of the dumpier figures impatiently asked once he got into his seat.

"Of course. The messenger sent by Ninth Brother says that the little envoy mission has been hemmed in for three days. If we hurry over, it'll be a good chance for us to snag some stuff while the two parties fight!" Seated facing east was a lofty figure whose voice was low and powerful, and whose strength was clearly way above that of the other misty figures.

"Haha, I heard that they've obtained many good items from the giant chaotic cities, and even their weapons are treasures from [Refine Armour] of the Sunrise City. This time, we must seize the opportunity to bring back some gains!" A voice from beside the lofty figure was unabashed by his greed.

The little envoy mission has been hemmed in...

Weapons from [Refine Armour]...

Hearing this conversation, Ye Qingyu was startled.

"Huh?"

Although they kept their voices soft and even operated magical ability in doing so, Ye Qingyu could hear them clearly. He suddenly realized that they were likely to be talking about the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission!

Why is it such news again?

Ye Qingyu's gaze fell upon these figures.

The news he heard regarding the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission the last time were deliberately spoken by the Four Stars holy girl and her accomplices to lure him into the mountain manor where he could easily be caught. He thus wondered if the present news was just a coincidence or if it was yet another fabrication.

Reasonably speaking, there currently should not be anyone who would still use this method to plot against him.

Could it be that... the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission is really in trouble?

He felt a discomforting concern.

His thoughts became confused at once.

"Let's go," Shuang Wuyan suddenly said.

Started up abruptly, Ye Qingyu placed the nearly-smashed teacup down and nodded his head with a somber expression. Although the discussions of the figures beside him were fervent, their later conversations revealed that they were actually rushing over just to join in the fun and did not possess much inside information. Therefore, Ye Qingyu restrained his intention to interrogate them with force.

His mind became hazy.

For the subsequent journey of more than a hundred kilometers, his and Shuang Wuyan's strides spanned a kilometer as they activated yuan qi to increase their speed by several times.

Finally, after ten minutes, the duo arrived near the Sky Mirror Sea.

From afar, the surface area of this salt lake, which had an outline that was shaped like a teardrop, was three times as big as the entrance of the Black Demon Pool. It certainly could pass for a boundless ocean. The water in the salt lake was so clear that the bottom could be seen. From different distances, it could be seen that the lake surface, shone upon by the sun from morning to evening, reflected all kinds of gorgeous colors.

This explained why it was called "Sky Mirror". The images reflected on the surface seemed like real substances in the lake, while those colors more so appeared to be derived from the Saint realm.

Gazing at the scene of sublime and unreal beauty, Ye Qingyu was in no mood for appreciation.

"Let's go." Shuang Wuyan took the initiative to enter the lake as soon as he spoke, and dove toward the bottom.

Subsequently, Ye Qingyu activated his yuan qi and converted the wisp of bright yellow Immortal qi into a thin layer of mist which wrapped around his body, before he leapt into the lake.

After fifteen minutes or so.

The duo finally arrived at the bottom of the lake, dozens of kilometers below, in front of the gate of the Sky Mirror City.

This halite-formed ancient city lodged firmly at the bottom of the lake, possessing the lofty air of a divine mountain. It was completely snow-white and deeply textured, as though many years of chaotic torrents had meandered and circulated above it, such that it looked majestic and ancient like no other.

Under the reflection caused by the lake water, the rock walls gave off a sparkling luster, while embellished on them were differently-colored and -shaped crystals which shone brightly, resembling an array of ever-flickering stars scattered across the cosmos.

After entering the city, Ye Qingyu only then discovered that the lake water was completely cut off outside the city gate, while in the air of a kilometer above the ancient city, a transparent and giant inverted dome shrouded the entire place.

So that's how...

He roughly observed the surroundings.

"I know what you're worried about. Let me bring you somewhere that will tell you whether this place is real or fake with just one inquiry." Shuang Wuyan cast an eye on him.

Ye Qingyu blanked for a moment, but quickly nodded.

His primary concern currently was to confirm the circumstances of the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission.

As an elder of the Alliance of Domains, Shuang Wuyan possibly had means and channels to do so.

The duo proceeded forth.

Ye Qingyu tried hard to calm himself down, and observed his surroundings.

Shuang Wuyan led him through streets and alleys, and finally arrived in a restaurant situated on the main street of the eastern part of the city.

The restaurant, also built using halite, was called [Lake View Restaurant]. As the biggest and most patronized restaurant in the city, its five stories were fully occupied. Because of the large numbers of travelers and passersby, the information exchanged here was, relatively speaking, of the newest and most reliable sort.

"Shopkeeper Yoo, I'm back." Shuang Wuyan headed toward the bar as soon as he entered the building.

Standing behind the bar was a burly human figure with a friendly face and a black beard that was linked to his hair. He was dressed in a black gown, while blue tentacles protruded from among the hair on his head.

"It's... it's Elder Shuang! Long time no see..." Raising his head from the account books, Shopkeeper Yoo's eyes lit up when he saw Elder Shuang Wuyan, and he hurriedly went over to welcome the latter warmly.

A while later.

In a VIP private room on the 5th story.

Sitting within the room that was made entirely from top-grade crystals, Ye Qingyu still felt somewhat out of sorts.

Based on appearance, Shopkeeper Yoo looked like a merchant who was among the wealthiest in the city. Toward such a person, even the city's officials would show great courtesy, yet he treated Shuang Wuyan with immense respect. He not only sent away all of the waiters who crowded around but also personally poured tea and water for Shuang Wuyan and himself.

"Shopkeeper Yoo, I came today because I have something that needs your help..." Shuang Wuyan did not beat around the bush and instead got straight to the point.

It was to find out news regarding the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission.

This was not just their purpose for coming to the [Lake View Restaurant], but more so that of entering the Sky Mirror Sea.

The gossip they heard along the way was ultimately unreliable. If the envoy mission was truly in trouble, they needed to have a grasp of accurate information in order to launch a rescue.

"Don't worry. I'll pass instructions down right now. Just wait for a while, and there'll certainly be news coming through." Wearing a smile as usual, the shopkeeper turned and exited the room.

Ye Qingyu glanced gratefully at Shuang Wuyan. This gathering of information did not fall under a reception elder's responsibility, and moreover, it appeared that Shuang Wuyan was tapping on relations acquired via the Alliance of Domains.

Half an hour later.

A waiter in a brown short gown knocked on the door hastily, saying, "Elder Shuang, there's news."

"Come in." Shuang Wuyan's voice remained as ice-cold as ever.

To one side, Ye Qingyu instantly felt a hint of nervousness streaking across the bottom of his heart.

"Elder Shuang, our waiters have found out some news. Allegedly, this Heaven Wasteland envoy mission successfully passed the test of the twelfth chaotic city, but subsequently ran into a surprise attack by a powerful force and suffered heavy losses. During the battle, two of their Brute Race experts perished." The waiter offered a summary of the information in one breath.

Sitting beside the lapis table, Ye Qingyu's countenance froze and his breath felt heavier.

The news collected by the waiters naturally came from the guests, but should have been verified by the Alliance of Domains, and thus negated the possibility that it was fabricated as part of a plot against Ye Qingyu.

In other words, it was highly likely that this news was true.

"Understood. You may take your leave first." Although Shuang Wuyan's countenance did not change dramatically like Ye Qingyu's, a chill nevertheless swept across his eyegrounds upon him hearing the news.

After the waiter left, Shuang Wuyan gently swiped his finger toward the Void to create an isolating formation.

He then took out the token with a half-ice totem, and wrote several mysterious ancient words on it.

The crystalline words flickered a cold light incessantly and displayed a highly-dazzling luster.

Ten breaths later.

The words suddenly stopped giving out light, while a faintly-blazing luster on the token began to circulate, seeming as though several strange characters were emerging.

As Shuang Wuyan stared fixedly at the token, the chill in his eyes gradually thickened.

"My elder brother has gone missing..."

What?!

Elder Yan Wushuang is missing?!

Ye Qingyu's pupils widened in anger and his entire being flew into an immense rage.

Such news not only shocked Ye Qingyu like no other, but also caused Shuang Wuyan, who never displayed his emotions, to reveal a stunned expression.

For several hundred years, it was considered a normal occurrence for envoy missions participating in domain ratings to suffer casualties during the test process. This time, however, even the reception elder could go missing. This accident was a bit too weird.

"Elder Shuang, can you use the token to find out the current location of the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission, and also what exactly happened to them?" Ye Qingyu urgently questioned.

Shuang Wuyan shook his head and replied in a grave tone, "The token is only for me to contact my brother, and, being a secret treasure of my race, cannot be used except at critical moments, and that's why earlier on...  However, it has no other use except to communicate, and so it won't be possible to find out more news for the time being."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 784:


Chapter 801 - Flames of Fury, Miserable States, and Camp



Surprise attack...

Heavy losses...

Unknown whereabouts...

These words reverberated in Ye Qingyu's mind, his entire being caught in a state of unprecedented anxiety and impatience, mixed with some vacuity. He had considered many possibilities while Shuang Wuyan was checking the messages earlier, and theorized that the people who surprise attacked the envoy mission were the Four Stars holy girl's gang once more.

Since it was only a doppelganger of the Four Stars holy girl that died in the mountain manor, everything made sense. She certainly had enough remaining energy to plot against the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission, and, given her vicious thoughts, it was something she was likely to do. She could have done so out of pure revenge for herself, or, like her doppelganger said, to capture a few key persons so as to force him to hand over his gains from the 18th district and the [Cloud Top Cauldron], which she evidently valued a lot.

This holy girl is really too crazy.

She clearly knew of her favorable fate with the [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], yet still dared to do something like this. Moreover, the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission came to participate in the rating conducted by the Alliance of Domains, which surely would offer protection to all of its participants. Was she really so crazy that she was not afraid of being retaliated against in offending two large forces at the same time?

Ye Qingyu increasingly felt the horror of the Four Stars holy girl.

While in the mountain manor, her doppelganger had repeatedly mentioned a particular word - "camp". Ye Qingyu had carefully heard her using this word in lieu of "sect". At that time, the doppelganger thought that everything was under control and inevitably grew a little careless, divulging this word which meant that her forces were massive and not just limited to the Four Stars Sect. If he guessed correctly, it would mean that there was a colossal power hiding in the dark among the Vast Thousand Domains. It was likely to be a gathering of several sects or forces, and what could be told for now was that it definitely included the Divine Sky Sect, the Four Stars Sect, and the Blood Taster Sect.

Ye Qingyu felt dizzy.

He had a feeling that he was seeing the tip of an iceberg.

But these were not what he was most concerned about.

His most pressing questions were, what exactly did the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission run into, and whether Xing'er and the rest were dead or alive.

His thoughts became confused as he wondered, and his entire being became anxious and impetuous.

The only clue at the moment was that an incident occurred in the twelfth chaotic city. Based on all of the news so far, this was practically verified.

No matter what, I must go immediately to investigate.

Even if there are only the faintest of trails, I'll dig them all out!

Ye Qingyu had never been so impatient and angry before. He was adamant that whoever attacked the envoy mission would have to pay the price in blood, and even if there were huge forces behind the Four Stars holy girl, he would eradicate the lot of them.

His killing intent had never been this strong.

"Elder Shuang, let's go!" Frowning his brows tightly, flames surged throughout his body.

Shortly after, the two figures rapidly bolted toward the exit of the Sky Mirror Sea.

First thing to do was to head to the site of the incident and see what it looked like.

...

A day later.

After activating their yuan qi non-stop to fly across at full speed, the duo finally arrived in the twelfth chaotic city - Inferno City.

The temperature was very high in this giant city, in the Void of which surging heat waves were stuck like gelatinous substances. From afar, the entire city, made of diamond and halite, seemed to be shrouded by giant flames and air billows.

At the outskirts of Inferno City.

The site of the surprise attack on the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission.

The hillsides, which were originally covered in fire tree woods and flaming flowers, seemed like a terrifying power had swept through momentarily, causing the land to be scorched, the vegetation to be carbonized, and the blood to form lakes. The battle aura pervading the air continued to let out an extremely rich aura, while indeterminate shrilling voices rang out from the cracks in the torn Void.

The scene ahead was just like an extremely tragic and bloody battlefield.

The splendor flickered in the Void.

Ye Qingyu and Shuang Wuyan appeared.

As soon as they emerged, they hurriedly descended toward the place below the hillside where the smell of blood was the strongest.

Several guards dressed in the clothing of the Alliance of Domains were tightly patrolling the vicinity of the hillside, watching over the entire battlefield. Many tawny formations slowly undulated in the Void while golden formations continuously let out indistinct rays of light, resembling a giant inverted dome which shrouded above the hillside.

"The confining formation of the Alliance of Domains..."

With one look, Ye Qingyu recognized the tawny formations ahead.

His heart sank.

Since the Alliance had taken action, that could only mean that the news was real - Ye Qingyu had truly hoped not to see the presence of Alliance officials here, and would rather have seen the Four Stars holy girl's gang lying in ambush here, for that at least would indicate that the envoy mission had not been crushed by a surprise attack.

"Looks like the Alliance is one step ahead and has preserved the scene to the maximum possible extent... Let's go over and take a look." Shuang Wuyan sighed.

He walked forward and passed the ice totem token to two guard generals standing beside the formations. After verification, he immediately obtained permission to enter the formation together with Ye Qingyu.

On the battlefield.

"That's Xing'er's aura..."

Ye Qingyu's eyes were startled as soon as he entered the formation.

All kinds of intricate yuan qi waves remained in the Void. Near-instantly, he made out the yuan qi and aura of Yu Xiaoxing, whose strength and cultivation were all too familiar to him.

His heart began to sink.

Next moment.

While he stood on the spot, his divine sense suffused in all directions.

Wen Wan, Ximen Yeshui, Yan Buhui, Jin Tuodao...

The yuan qi and auras of these people, which Ye Qingyu could not be more familiar with, lingered distinctly in the air. They must have erupted with a highly forceful and terrifying power for such vivid marks to remain.

By this time, the final strand of hope in Ye Qingyu's heart had been dashed.

"How could this be..."

Observing the scene all around, he simply could not believe his own eyes.

Broken limbs were everywhere, together with the residual bodies which had been violently burst apart and severed. Upon closer inspection, the clothing on the vast majority of broken limbs and bodies were that of the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission members.

"There has indeed been a surprise attack."

To one side, Shuang Wuyan looked on in dismay, his tone solemn like never before.

By carefully studying the distribution of the corpses, the duo could fundamentally determine that the battle conformed with the news that was found out earlier. A surprise attack had indeed taken place, and the envoy mission suffered such heavy casualties because it was caught completely unprepared and off guard.

At present, Ye Qingyu's expression gradually became extremely complicated, combining doses of astonishment, grief, and pain, and a lot more irrepressible anger.

This was because he had seen a few extremely familiar faces among the corpses scattered everywhere.

"This is... Liu Dong..." Ye Qingyu carefully identified the body ahead which had been split into eight pieces. It was none other than the logistics head of the envoy mission, Liu Dong, who was a military general in the Heaven Wasteland Dynasty, and had gone on several expeditions in which he managed all logistics, thereby providing significant contributions to the military.

As the saying went, ‘while soldiers travel far and wide, their wives and children long for their return’.

Unfortunately for these heroes, they perished here and would never return.

Ye Qingyu revealed a mournful look in his eyes.

Shortly after, he and Shuang Wuyan proceeded several hundred meters into the recesses of the battlefield.

In front of a burnt-down tent.

Several dozen broken corpses and limbs were piled together like freely-discarded rubbish, virtually forming a small hill of corpses that was the height of two to three people.

Gazing at these body fragments, a near-substantial raging fire flickered in his eyes.

"They... are all logistics personnel of the envoy mission..."

Among the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission, there was a batch of logistics personnel selected from the palace and the barracks. They were responsible for the living arrangements and movement of the entire contingent. Relatively speaking, they were not that strong, and even the logistics head, Liu Dong, had only attained the pinnacle of the Heaven Ascension realm.

Upon running into the surprise attack of experts, these relatively weaker personnel were like lambs to a slaughter.

With heavy footsteps and clenched fists, Ye Qingyu seemed as though he expended a great deal of effort to get close to the pile of corpses.

Suddenly, out of the corners of his eyes, he saw that behind the hillock of corpses were several female bodies from the envoy mission.

Their clothes had been ripped such that each body was in no more than rags. Bruises and weapon scars could be seen all over their bodies, while their faces looked in hideous pain. Their death states could not be more wretched.

How dare...

Even these feeble women weren't spared!

The fury in Ye Qingyu's chest was like a soon-to-erupt volcano, while his entire being was on the verge of being ignited by the flames of anger.

"Let's go somewhere else to take a look," Shuang Wuyan, who had been following behind Ye Qingyu all this time, suddenly spoke.

It was as if he had sensed the anger surging within the latter, and thus wanted to divert his attention.

After all, while surveying the battlefield, the last thing one should do was to be blinded by emotions. Only dispassionate analysis and the search for minute clues would give them a chance to avenge the dead.

Ye Qingyu immediately came to his senses and followed quietly behind Shuang Wuyan. The duo proceeded to another side of the battlefield.

A moment later, they reached beside a stretch of scorched low ground, which was the most severely-damaged area throughout the entire battlefield.

"This is..."

Ye Qingyu was shocked.

In the distance.

Among the scorched muddy land was a broken arm which seemed like it was casually discarded and was smeared in bloodstains and mud.

He hurried over and crouched down to perform a detailed examination.

"It's the Left Minister..."

There was a very weak residue of aura and yuan qi in the broken arm, but Ye Qingyu nevertheless immediately recognized it as the arm of the Left Minister Qu Hanshan.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

