Chapter 21:


Chapter 21 – The Battle to Defend the City

This time, Ye Qingyu did not evade.

He stood where he was and swung his fist in a similar fashion.

The next instant, the two punches collided.

“Hahaha, direct confrontation? Fine, I despise retarded rich people like you. I’ll let you know with one fist who’s a fucking trash!” Within Ye Qingyu’s eyes, a gaze similar to that of a violent wild beast also appeared.

Liu Lei’s heart, at that instant, suddenly constricted.

The next instant.

Boom!

Blood was everywhere.

The layer of skin on Ye Qingyu’s fist suddenly broke apart, exposing the flesh and blood spurted out.

But at the same time, a series of cracking sounds emitted from Liu Lei’s arm.

One could see the arm that could warp steel suddenly curving in an unnatural manner, a shard of bone piercing out.

“Ahhh…”

In the hideous scream that followed, Liu Lei was sent flying.

His right arm, in the moment of contact with Ye Qingyu’s fist, had no way to bear such a torrent of power. In an instant his bones were broken… There was a sense that his arm was being devastated.

It was a feeling that Liu Lei had never experience previously.

Without saying anything more, Liu Lei spurted out blood, landing on the floor and fainting.

There were sounds of cold inhalations from all directions.

Under the eyes of numerous stunned gazes, Ye Qingyu examined his hand. He could see the bloody right fist and the exposed white knuckles. It was slightly disconcerting.

He lightly breathed out, then attempted to move his fingers, discovering that the bones were not broken.

This kind of injury he had already calculated that he would suffer, and it was within the bounds of acceptance.

It looked like he would have to hurry and quickly finish the six stages of body refining.

His strength was higher than Liu Lei, but because of the fact that his body was still in the process of refinement, he also suffered injuries in the clash.

Ye Qingyu was clear that if he was at the sixth stage of the ordinary martial stage — no, even the fifth stage of the ordinary martial stage, and he had clashed with Liu Lei’s punch, something entirely different would have occurred. He would have caused Liu Lei’s right arm to burst open entirely, and not just break his bones.

But after experiencing this battle, Ye Qingyu had obtained a clear understanding of his own battle prowess.

Using his brute herculean strength, he could crush those who were at the fifth stage and compete with those on the sixth stage. However, if he encountered those like Qin Wushuang who were already half a step in the Spirit spring stage and could already sense the yuan qi in Heaven and Earth, then there was no way he could oppose them.

It seems like there were even more secrets than expected in his own body.

At the same time.

The surrounding people were dumbfounded.

“I hear he heavily injured a student yesterday? Tut tut, karma has come so quickly!” Ye Qingyu looked at the Liu Lei who had lost consciousness, and pretended to lament over his injuries. “With his injuries, I fear he will have to rest in bed for at least two or three months?”

“You… you… you…” Liu Ye recovered, pointing his finger at Ye Qingyu and stuttered. “You really dare injure senior brother Liu Lei, are you crazy? You…”

Ye Qingyu gave him a glance, and could not help laughing. Step by step, he walked closer.

“Look at you, you’re still speaking such malicious words. It looks like the lesson last time was by far not enough!”

This type of smile, in the eyes of Liu Ye, was even more frightening than a devil.

He gave out a shrill shriek. “You… What are you going to do, don’t come near, you…”

“I’ve come to spar with you,” Ye Qingyu said with a righteous laugh. “The reason you’ve come here, wasn’t it to spar with me?”

“I … No…” Liu Ye realized what was about to happen, terror evident on his face. He was about to turn and run.

“You only remembered to run now? It’s too late!”

Ye Qingyu would not be soft-hearted. He moved, utilizing the footwork that Liu Lei had just used, and in an instant appeared behind Liu Ye. His hand took the form of a claw, latching on to Liu Ye’s shoulder.

“Aaaaahh…” Liu Ye began squealing like a pig, feeling a pain like his body was being cut to shreds. He turned his head, about to speak…

Ye Qingyu directly gave him a slap.

Liu Ye landed on the ground with a thud.

Accompanied by the gasps of the bystanders, golden stars appeared in Liu Ye’s eyes. His ears ringing, his vision went black and he directly fainted.

“Eh? He fainted? But I only beat him lightly… Er, no, that’s not right, I meant I only sparred with him lightly!” Ye Qingyu threw away Liu Ye, then gave the other teenagers who had come with Liu Lei a glance. He laughed, “I’m sorry I’ve neglected you guys, who else wants to spar with me?”

The five other teenagers gave each other a stunned glance.

They knew that this time Liu Lei had kicked a steel board. Thinking back to Ye Qingyu’s brutal actions previously, their legs began cramping. They could feel a chill travelling from their spine into their brains, as if their souls were about to depart.

“No, no, no, how could we be your opponents!”

“We only came by coincidence, and just came here for a look and not a spar…”

“This… you guys are busy so we won’t disturb you any longer…”

They smiled lightly, without any shred of fighting spirit. They ran off like dogs with their tails between their legs. After running for a few steps, they thought of something and ran back carrying the Liu Lei and Liu Ye who were both passed out. In the blink of an eye, they disappeared into the distance.

Birds of a feather really flock together!

Those who followed Liu Ye, naturally wouldn’t be any decent people.

“Yes! Victory!”

“We’ve vented our anger!”

“Senior Brother Qingyu, how did you manage to produce that kind of punch? It was really too cool!”

“I have some medicine for wounds here, Senior Brother Qingyu quickly come bandage your injuries!”

The other teenagers began cheering, faces filled with excitement and triumph surrounding Ye Qingyu. They chattered incessantly, admiration and worship in their gazes when they looked upon Ye Qingyu.

The burly teacher also let out a sigh of relief.

“Okay, today’s lesson will end here. If you have any questions, you can ask them in the lesson.” The burly teacher clapped his hands, announcing the end of the lesson. He then pointed at Ye Qingyu, saying, “You little brat, follow me!” ……

After a short time.

In the secluded lakeside pavilion.

“You were a bit too heavy-handed. The influence of the Liu family is not small, it’s not a good idea to aggravate them.” The burly teacher stood with both of his hands behind his back, gazing at the sparkling distance.

Ye Qingyu stood beside him.

“What about it? It was he who forced me. That guy is a crazy dog, he wanted to have a battle to the death with me,” Ye Qingyu said with a aggrieved tone. “Do you want me to stand there and be beaten to death by him?”

The burly teacher was speechless for a moment.

“These years, White Deer Academy is decaying from the inside through these noble and wealthy families. Liu Lei only entered the academy for a few days and he is already so cocky, he does deserve to be taught a lesson.” The burly teacher sighed a little, then said, “However, the one who should teach him a lesson is not you. You don’t have any forces backing you up, and you are different from Liu Lei and Liu Ye. They are truly members of the wealthy; they will not let this go so easily!”

Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

After ten breaths, the burly teacher seemed to have thought of something. He said, “From the start, you’ve already judged that Liu Lei was not a match for you, isn’t that right? The strange strength in your body… then why did you fight in such a prolonged fashion with him?”

“Oh, it’s been quite a while since I’ve had a fight, so I’ve been itching for one,” Ye Qingyu said with a straight face.

“You…” The burly teacher gave him a glare and then said angrily, “You have to be a little more careful, you really think I can’t see through you? You’re trying to steal his techniques right?”

Ye Qingyu laughed. “Don’t describe it so badly. I only thought the madman’s fist and claw technique were pretty interesting and wanted to try and use it for myself. I let him use it as he pleases and only observed for a bit and did my best to imitate him, hehe!”

“Although the [Nine Moves of Soul Stealing Fist and Talon] is not any special high level technique, but within the rankings of ordinary battle techniques, it can be counted as above average. Liu Lei only demonstrated the moves twice, you not only remembered it entirely but also used the most basic [Bear stance] to break his technique…” The burly teacher sighed again. “Previously I did not believe that there could be such a genius that exists in this world!”

“Hehe, don’t praise me so much, I’ll become proud.” Ye Qingyu’s laugh was like a weasel that had managed to steal a chicken.

“Smooth talking little kid.” The burly teacher gave a small reprimand then asked, “The [Nine Moves of Soul Stealing Fist and Talon], how much did you understand?”

“Not bad I guess, around seventy to eighty percent,” Ye Qingyu casually said.

“Oh, then that means you’ve completely grasped it.” The burly teacher nodded his head saying, “You have to remember, this type of techniques most important point and essence is these words ‘Advance courageously, without returning’.”

Ye Qingyu had a blank stare for a moment, then realized that the burly teacher was giving him advice. He cupped his hands in thanks saying, “Thank you, teacher Wen.”

Previously when Liu Lei had challenged him, he had said that this teacher was named Wen.

The burly teacher nodded his head, “You little brat, look after yourself. Apart from the Liu family, there are still many people targeting you. Who asked for your family name to be Ye… if you really encounter trouble you cannot handle, then you can come find me. I’m called Wen Wan.”

Before he had finished speaking.

The burly teacher took a step on the shining waters of the lake. In the blink of eye, he was several hundred meters away.

“In the battle to defend the city, I was fighting side by side with your parents.”

The voice of the burly teacher came from far away.

His entire figure finally disappeared.

“Uh, why do you teachers always have to appear and disappear in such a dramatic fashion? Can’t you just walk normally? Don’t tell me that experts must be cool?” Ye Qingyu looked at the lakeside pavilion.

He originally wanted to ask why did the burly teacher treat him so well.

But it looks like there was no need to ask anymore.

Exactly what happened in the battle to safeguard the city? Perhaps the burly teacher Wen Wan would know. But Ye Qingyu would not ask him right now because he knew, that with his present strength, he was still not qualified to know.

……

The several days after this, Ye Qingyu rarely attended the theoretical lessons. Instead, he devoted his entire time and energy to practice with Wen Wan, training in the [Eight Divine Stances] and refining his body.

He had already reached the grandmaster level in the [Bear stance], breaking firmly past the second muscle stage.

The impurities and old injuries in his body were entirely gone. The strength of his muscles had improved several times over, making Ye Qingyu better able to control his herculean strength.

Of course, for Ye Qingyu, this was by far not enough.

*Chinese idiom, means made a mistake.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 22:


Chapter 22 – Selecting A Weapon

“The [Tiger Bone stance], can be split into eight stances. Within the [Eight Divine Stances], it is the training method most suited for training your bones. Refining your bones is different from refining your skin or muscles, you must pair it up with a mantra*. Watch closely…”

Under the sunlight, the burly teacher Wen Wan was topless. Every time he performed a stance, his muscles would bulge and there would be the faint sound of a tiger’s roar coming from his body.

Apart from the movement of these eight stances, he also taught Ye Qingyu and the others a mantra that was meant to be used alongside the [Tiger Bone stance].

This mantra was surprisingly similar to the nameless breathing technique that Ye Qingyu had always insisted in training in. It was also trained through meditative practice.

“So this is what a mantra is… then the nameless breathing technique I was training in was also a mantra? Ye Qingyu speculated.

But normally speaking, mantras were always paired up with a suitable set of martial stances. Only by combining the two could the greatest effect be produced. So why did his father not pass on a suitable set of moves along with this breathing technique?

This thought passed through his mind.

But Ye Qingyu did not think too deeply, concentrating in his training.

The [Tiger Bone stance] compared to the [Serpentine stance] and the [Bear stance] was more complicated. Ye Qingyu had already trained for an entire day, and could only barely produce the sounds of a tiger’s roar when he performed the stances.

This already made Wen Wan extremely astonished.

From within the memories of the burly teacher, the most exceptional in the history of White Deer Academy took them at least half a month to achieve this result.

Time, amidst the shedding of sweat in the practice grounds, rapidly passed.

In the blink of an eye, four days had passed.

Ye Qingyu had finally trained till he reached the grandmaster level in the [Tiger Bone stance].

In his every move and every stance, a thunder like roar would emit from his body. This was the result of the bones in his body vibrating. His entire skeleton, through these continuous vibrations, gradually became like steel.

As for the mantra that Wen Wan had taught him, Ye Qingyu had long abandoned.

Because he discovered that when compared to his nameless breathing technique, the [Tiger Bone stance]’s mantra was too rough and simple. The effects of it in refining the bones was by far not comparable to his own breathing technique.

Hence, Ye Qingyu decided to use the nameless breathing technique to match with the [Tiger Bone stance]; as expected the results were even better.

Apart from training the [Tiger Bone stance], Ye Qingyu would also stealthily practice the [Nine Moves of Soul Stealing Fist and Talon].

This was the only battle technique he possessed, and was also the only hidden trump card that the other students were not aware of.

According the Wen Wan’s evaluation, the proficiency of Ye Qingyu in the [Nine Moves of Soul Stealing Fist and Talon] had already exceed Liu Lei. If he had the opportunity to exhibit his prowess, he would definitely shock the entire first year.

……

Time passed quickly through these hard training sessions.

Not only Ye Qingyu, but the other students also did their utmost during training.

Everyone understood, that the four years spent in White Deer Academy would decide their futures. No one showed any signs of laziness, everyone utilizing every second of every minute to train hard.

Ye Qingyu’s lifestyle became very simple.

Every day he would have breakfast, training, lunch, training, dinner… then it was training as usual.

Because the nameless breathing technique was able to relieve fatigue and restore his energy, he often did not sleep at night to rest, instead spending it training instead.

Of course, there were things that did not follow this routine. Sometimes the little loli Song Xiaojun would come to converse with Ye Qingyu, complaining about the boredom of training and other small things.

The little girl had complete trust in Ye Qingyu, making him feel slightly touched. She treated him with near blind worship and admiration. Every time they talked, she would reveal the training progress of the geniuses in the list of ten.

Several times, the little loli again used different methods to tell Ye Qingyu the cultivation methods head teacher Wang Yan had given her. She would even sometimes bring him some of her cultivation resources like spirit stones or pills, but every time she would be firmly refused by Ye Qingyu.

The incident of Liu Lei being heavily hurt also caused a stir among the first years, with many people re-evaluating Ye Qingyu’s strength and the threat he posed.

But because Liu Lei and his group pulled the bow but did not release**, and there were not any further developments, this incident quickly passed.

Ye Qingyu also felt surprised that the retaliation of Liu Lei and his gang did not happen.

In the blink of an eye, since the beginning of the academic year, twenty days had already passed.

On the twenty-first day, head teacher Wang Yan announced in the assembly of the entire year something that made all the freshmen feel very excited.

The freshmen’s first wildness training would begin!

According to the tradition, after the freshmen were slightly prepared, they would be split up into different groups. These groups would then be placed in the wilderness of differing danger levels and battle with the dangerous wild beasts, experiencing five days in the wilderness.

This was an extremely good opportunity to win academic points.

White Deer Academy was a school that had an academic points system. In the academy, money was not the only denominator of wealth—

In reality, there were many cultivation techniques and cultivation resources that money could not obtain. But, if you managed to save enough academic points, you could use these points and exchange it for these rare resources.

The reality was, that the truly wealthy people of the academy, was those who possessed high academic points.

For the freshmen’s perspective, after experiencing a somewhat boring twenty days, to have an exciting opportunity to obtain academic points would make anyone feel motivated.

Before departing, nearly all the students were in the midst of preparation for the wilderness test.

Within the limits set by the academy the students could prepare different kinds of weapons and tools, and other things they felt like they would need. These were all done in order to obtain a good result within the training.

Within White Deer Academy, there was a commercial area. Somewhat famous weapon shops with a long history would sell various types of weapons and armours with runes carved on it.

These runes could activate automatically, absorbing the energy in Heaven and Earth. Even people who were of the ordinary martial stage and could not yet control the energy in Heaven and Earth, could challenge those of a higher strength through activating these weapons.

For Ye Qingyu, these high class weapons were not part of his consideration at all.

One reason for this was because he was far too poor and could not afford to have such high class equipment.

The other reason was because he had absolute confidence in his own strength. He had always firmly believed that a truly strong person was made step by step though sweat and blood and always relied on his own strength. If he relied on outside equipment from the start, then there would be no way that this training would have its intended effects.

Of course, going without a weapon was out of the question.

After all, in this world, many battle techniques needed a suitable weapon to be performed effectively.

In this area, White Deer Academy was very generous. It would provide some weapons for commoners, free of charge.

This evening.

After Ye Qingyu had finished training for the day, he went to the canteen to stuff his stomach. Then, he went to the public free armoury to select his weapon.

Because the time was comparatively late, the majority of poor students had already selected their weapon and left. Those who were still in the process of selecting were not many.

Ye Qingyu carefully observed for a bit.

“These types of weapons provided for free, although they aren’t spirit swords by any means, their craftsmanship is good and is made from high quality steel. Compared to what you would find in the market, the quality is a lot better…”

His eyes fell on a sword with a thick back.

On the body of the sword were two grooves that were one-inch-thick grooves for the blood to flow and it had a long handle. It made the blade look slightly sinister. It was extremely brutal and straightforward, matching with Ye Qingyu’s personality. Interested, he grabbed the sword.

“Eh? This is not right… this is too light!”

The sword with a thick back was around sixty pounds of weight. In Ye Qingyu’s hands, it was as light as a straw. He casually swung it around, as if it was a blade of grass in his hands.

Returning the blade to its original position, Ye Qingyu resumed his selection.

Originally, he did not have a clear idea of what he wanted for his weapon. But after trying the sword once, he suddenly had a plan – he must find a weapon that was suitable for his herculean strength, a weapon that could exhibit his battle prowess fully.

Hence there was only one attribute that he needed from his weapon.

Heavy!

After a while, Ye Qingyu’s gaze again fell on a bronze staff, around a hundred pounds, emitting a fierce aura.

But when he placed it in his hands and twisted his wrist swirling the staff around, he found that the staff was like a noodle being swung. Ye Qingyu shook his head with disappointment, returning the weapon.

It was not heavy enough.

In the next fifteen minutes, he tried axes, cudgels, cavalry swords, and hammers… everything that looked like heavy weaponry, he would give it a try.

But it was still not enough!

The weapons that the other students could barely lift, for Ye Qingyu, was still too light!

“Fine, if I really can’t find anything, then I’ll take this pair of hexagonal hammers!”

Ye Qingyu was slightly disappointed.

Together, the hammers weighed over three hundred and twenty pounds. He stood there carrying it, not exerting any effort at all. The nearby students around him were all staring with blank expressions. This kind of strength was too terrifying, far exceeding the strength of the ordinary martial stage.

Just when Ye Qingyu was about to leave in disappointment, a familiar figure appeared in front of him.

“What? Why do you have a face like you have constipation? Have you not chosen a suitable weapon yet?” The burly teacher stood at the entrance with a smile.

“Old Wen, don’t tease me, I’m in a bad mood,” Ye Qingyu said, grinding his teeth.

Wen Wan began laughing loudly. He waved his hands. “Hahaha, I know why. Come, follow me.”

Saying this, he turned and walked towards the backyard of the armoury.

Ye Qingyu hesitated for a bit, then quickly followed.

The two arrived at the backyard.

The area of the back was not too large, not exceeding three acres. There were a few tiled roof houses and a small practice grounds. In the grounds, there were a few young people with bare arms training, not looking like White Deer Academy’s students.

A tall and slim black-bearded middle-aged man was standing at the side supervising.

“Old Cao, the master has come. Quickly bring out your treasure.” As soon as Wen Wan arrived, he began shouting at the black-bearded middle-aged man.

The black-bearded middle-aged man turned his head to look.

His gaze ignored Wen Wan entirely, noticing Ye Qingyu immediately. He carefully evaluated him, as if he was judging something. Finally, only when his gaze landed on Ye Qingyu casually carrying those huge hammers did he imperceptibly nod his head.

“Follow me.”

*So when I say mantra, it means mental cultivation method. Something used to train your inner ki.

** Idiom

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 23:


Chapter 23 – Inexorable Spear

He turned around, walking towards the tiled roof house located deepest in the backyard.

Ye Qingyu was somewhat puzzled, but under the grinning direction of Wen Wan’s gestures, he followed the two towards the tiled roof house.

It looked like Wen Wan and the black-bearded man knew each other from before and had mentioned Ye Qingyu in their previous conversations.

Within the tiled roof house, the lighting was dim.

Within the house there were tens of weapons holders, displaying an assortment of weapons.

Just from a glace, there were swords, spears, axes, tridents, all eighteen different kinds of weapons. The model of each weapon was not ordinary with each weapon emitting a cold, dense light. Compared to the weapons placed outside in the armoury, the craftsmanship was evidently better by several times.

“It’s this one. Little fellow, if you can lift it, then you can take it away,” the black-bearded man said, pointing to a dim corner.

Ye Qingyu’s gaze followed in the direction of his finger. Leaning against the corner was a black-coloured weapon. It was a spear, longer than a normal spear with it being around three meters tall. There were two blades sticking out from the head and bottom of the spear, with the length of the blades being around half a meter.* It was truly a strange looking weapon.

What kind of weapon was this?

Ye Qingyu walked closer, holding the spear with one hand.

The instant he touched the spear, he felt a warm feeling as if he was touching a smooth piece of jade. This caused him to be taken aback for a bit. The rough and shoddy appearance was in reality carefully engraved grooves and carvings, able to increase the friction of the grip and prevent it from slipping due to sweat.

Much attention was placed in the details.

He exerted some strength onto his wrists, lifting up the strange spear.

The next instant, an excited expression appeared on Ye Qingyu’s face. “Good, good, haha, this kind of weight is perfect.”

“Inexorable spear, weighting one thousand two hundred and eighty eight pounds with a length of three meters and forty centimeters. With blades at both ends, the blades being around two feet long, and the body of the spear is around two meters…” A strange light suddenly appeared in the black-bearded man’s eyes. He suddenly said, “This spear was made from ore from the cold mountain causing the weight to far exceed a normal weapon. It’s such a pity that the creator of this spear, before he could engrave any runes on it, passed away. This can be counted as a half completed product…”

Ye Qingyu heard this, and observed more carefully.

Then he discovered it was a two pointed spear, with a blade on top and at the bottom.

He carried the spear into a free area outside of the tiled roof house. With a flick of his wrists, suddenly the thunder-like whooshing sounds of the spear emitted. Through the movement of the body of the spear, both ends of the spear created spinning circles in the air, blooming like a black flame! “Great spear!”

Ye Qingyu felt that this kind of weight was the most suited for him. It really was the weapon that was most comfortable for him in all the weapons he had tried today, causing him to uncontrollably laugh with excitement.

At this time, those who were training in the backyard also gathered over. Seeing this sight, they were all stunned, their chins wide open in shock.

“There was really someone who was able to use this spear through pure physical power!”

“This is herculean strength, where did this little fellow come from?

“This is frightening. Last time I tried to use this spear, I had difficulty just lifting it up, let alone swinging it!”

“According to what master said, the last time someone was able to swing this spear using purely physical power was ten years ago!”

“It’s a pity that the spear is not a completed product. If it was, many experts of the Spirit spring stage would definitely fight over this. But since it’s only am incomplete weapon, it has no attraction for those of the Spirit spring stage, and people of the ordinary martial stage cannot swing it. Today, will it finally meet its master?”

The young men with bare arms surrounded Ye Qingyu, discussing heatedly.

Ye Qingyu did not know any spear techniques, so he only swung it wildly about for a while before stopping. The colour on his face remained the same, evenly breathing. He turned to look back at the black-bearded middle-aged man. “This [Inexorable spear] is also a weapon provided for free?”

“No.” The black bearded man shook his head.

Ye Qingyu faltered.

“But since you can swing it, then I’ll gift it to you.” The black-bearded man gave off a smile. He waved his hands and threw a pale blue scroll, landing in Ye Qingyu’s hands.

“This is a basic spear technique, return and go play with it for a bit.” The middle-aged man smiled.

“Thank you.” Ye Qingyu bowed with sincerity.

“No need to thank him, that is something he should do.” The burly teacher Wen Wan did not treat himself as an outside at all, laughing.

In this regard, the black-bearded man had obviously seen Wen Wan’s ‘shameless face’ before rolling his eyes.

“But this spear is too long, it’s inconvenient to carry…” Ye Qingyu was a little worried. Did he really have to buy an interdimensional pouch just to store the spear? He really did not have that much money.

Seeing through Ye Qingyu’s thoughts, the black-bearded man gave a small smile. “Because the cold mountain ore is so heavy, a normal interdimensional pouch cannot hold it. However, if you look closely, you can see that the spear can be split apart in the middle…”

Ye Qingyu was taken aback. He examined the spear in detail, really finding a small catch.

The middle of the long spear was indeed a bit thicker than the other two ends. With a twist and a pop, the spear split into two with each end of the spear having a handle.

“So it had that kind of design. Excellent!”

In each of Ye Qingyu’s hand was a half of the spear. Because of the two-foot-long blade, it looked like in each hand he was holding a peculiar sword. Each half of the spear weighed six hundred and forty-four pounds, and when swung, would seem even lighter.

In this way, the two halves of the spear would each be one meter and seventy centimeters in length. If it was carried on his back, then it would no longer be so eye-catching.

……

Exiting from the free armoury, on Ye Qingyu’s back was the two halves of the spear carried in a wild beast holster. It made him look especially heroic.

He was only fourteen years old, but he was already one meter and eighty centimeters tall. With a naturally muscular physique and having this kind of equipment, it made him seem particularly valiant.

“Thank you old** Wen, I’ve caused you trouble.” Ye Qingyu slapped Wen Wan on the shoulder.

These days, the two people had gotten extremely close to each other. The original relationship of teacher and student quickly became a relationship between scoundrels, and the way they spoke to each other became even more casual.

“Haha, it’s only a little thing. I only borrowed flowers to present it to the Buddha***, that’s all,” Wen Wan said, immensely proud of himself.

Ye Qingyu only smiled but did not say anything.

But he knew, Wen Wan had long considered the problem of the wilderness test. The spear was evidently a result of his hard efforts in searching for a suitable weapon for Ye Qingyu. Otherwise, today in the backyard, the black-bearded man would not have given him the spear so easily without Wen Wan’s help.

Ye Qingyu could tell that the relationship between Wen Wan and the middle-aged man with the surname Cao was not trivial.

He did not know what kind of position the group of men had in White Deer Academy that they were able to live in academy buildings.

But since Wen Wan did not say anything, Ye Qingyu did not ask.

After saying farewell to Wen Wan, Ye Qingyu returned to the dormitory.

When he was at the entrance to the dormitory, the white-haired janitor who usually spent the majority of his time snoozing on the chair at the entrance, suddenly opened his eyes. He said, “Ye Qingyu?”

Ye Qingyu was slightly taken aback.

The old crabby janitor had never spoken to the students before and was always extremely strict. Everyone had assumed that he was a mute, but today he would actually call his name for the first time?

After being shocked for a while, he quickly nodded his head. “I am.”

“There is something for you. The little loli delivered it and said she had something to give you but after waiting for half the day, she left it with me to hand it to you.” The old janitor handed over an exquisite little pink pouch, then promptly ignored Ye Qingyu, closing his eyes and resuming to snooze.

Ye Qingyu looked at the fragrant interdimensional pouch, recognizing it as something that Song Xiaojun would normally carry with her at all times.

This little girl.

He opened the pouch, and inside it was a mess. There were snacks and braised meat, two jars of strong alcohol, two or three pairs of washed clothes, boots, tents, flint stones, washing soaps, and several signal flares…

Ye Qingyu did not know whether to laugh or cry.

This little girl, had already thought of all the things he might need. But the items she packed were clearly items that was used in a holiday, and not for a dangerous wilderness survival test.

But looking at this interdimensional pouch, Ye Qingyu could imagine the little loli going back and forth deciding what to buy for him. These things look as if it was worth far less than the [Arctic pelt] Ji Lin gave him****, but in Ye Qingyu’s heart, the value was the same!

This represented a young girl’s heart.

It was the concern of a true friend.

“Eh? There’s also a piece of paper…” Within the interdimensional pouch, was a carefully folded piece of paper.

He unfolded it…

“Brother Qingyu, I can’t wait for you anymore, my sister dragged me away… There’s an extremely important thing I have to tell you, in your wilderness training you must be extremely careful. That scoundrel Liu Lei has already recovered; he will definitely target you…”

The words were written down in an extremely hurried fashion, evidently something that the little loli had quickly written before being dragged away by her sister.

After Ye Qingyu had finished reading, he carefully considered.

Liu Lei was it?

That madman… If he really came looking for trouble, then he should not blame him for being merciless!

Ye Qingyu coldly smiled.

He returned to the dormitory and inside, his three roommates were in the midst of discussing something excitedly. Hearing the sounds of Ye Qingyu coming back, their discussions immediately stopped.

Ye Qingyu ignored the three, heading straight to his room. He began training, to keep him at his most optimal condition.

Time quickly passed.

When it was around midnight, he opened the spear technique manual.

After reading the general gist of it, Ye Qingyu could not help but laugh.

“Today, the black-bearded man, when he handed it over said it was a basic spear technique. I thought those were just modest words, but who would have thought that these words were true. This really is a basic spear technique! It’s the basic of the basics!”

On the blue scroll there were some of the most simple spear stances recorded and some common knowledge about spears that everyone knew. It was not a specially designed manual just for the [Inexorable spear].

“But this is fine too. [JR1] [AT2] As the saying goes, every path begins from a simple step. Every type of martial path begins from the most basic of training. Old Wen has said before that there indeed exists legendary martial art manuals in this world. But if the foundation of the martial artist is not stable enough, even if these legendary martial arts manual were in front of him, he has no way of cultivating in it!”

Ye Qingyu was not disheartened.

…… ……

The second day.

Ye Qingyu continued to train like he had in previous days.

After practicing several repetitions of the spear techniques in the practice grounds and eating breakfast at the canteen, he returned to the dormitory for a quick wash. The sun had just risen, creating a white sky in the dawn.

*Something like this but with another blade at the bottom ** think I forgot to mention, old is usually a term of affection for those older than them.

***Chinese idiom, meaning to win favour or influence using someone’s else property.

****wtf author, who is Ji Lin and what are you smoking? Should be a character he deleted, since there is no one called Ji Lin that appears.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 24:


Chapter 24 – The First Trip Outside

The details of what groups the first years would be split into was already written on the stone mirror in the number one practice grounds.

By the time Ye Qingyu arrived, the practice grounds were packed full with students, all busy checking their groupings.

When they saw Ye Qingyu, their expressions were a little strange.

This made Ye Qingyu slightly baffled.

But after he discovered his group, he finally understood why people would look at him with such strange expressions. He was in the same group as the movers and shakers of the first years – Qin Wushuang, Yan Xingtian and Song Xingluo.

“I’ve actually been placed in the number one Heaven group?”

This was a little peculiar.

Even though his performance in the examination was outstanding, but his basic foundations were still too little. In the previous twenty days, he did not have much interaction with any of these people.

Qin Wushuang was already half a step in the Spirit Spring stage, and was about to enter the Xiantian stage.

According to the rules of White Deer Academy, the grouping for the Wilderness test was not done according to your potential, but rather to your strength. Differing strength levels would be assigned to different areas in the wilderness.

“Do the teachers really think I have strength comparable with Qin Wushuang and the others right now? Or is it because…”

Ye Qingyu’s gaze landed on one of the name in this group.

Liu Lei!

That madman, was in the same group as him?

Coincidence?

Or did someone arrange this?

After being so heavily injured by him, with his entire right arm nearly being shattered, he was still able to participate in the Wilderness test. Were his injuries already fully recovered?

Ye Qingyu remembered the information written on the piece of paper the little loli had left him last night. His lips curled in an imperceptible smile.

He did not stay around the practice grounds, instead leaving straight for the group meeting point specified on the stone mirror.

Every group had twenty people in it, and each group was supervised by a teacher.

The number one Heaven group’s meeting place was very noticeable and was easily found. It was located at the periphery of the practice grounds, under an almond yellow flag fluttering in the winds. Under the flag, there was already a group of people gathered. The group was clearly split into two further sub-groups, each led by Qin Wushuang and Yan Xingtian.

These were the members of the number one Heaven group.

The arrival of Ye Qingyu attracted the gazes of many members in the group.

Especially the spears that he carried on his back. This attracted the speculations of many people, everyone was curious to know what kind of weapon the person who had caused so many incidents would use.

Liu Lei was also within the group.

He was in the same sub-group as Qin Wushuang, staring steadily at Ye Qingyu. His gaze was so calm that it was slightly strange; it was as if he had already forgotten the episode that had occurred previously or as if he was staring at a dead person.

At the same time, Ye Qingyu also observed the group.

He did not see the figure of the little loli, Song Xiaojun. Within the list of ten, seven were evidently not within this group. It seemed like the criteria for dividing students into a group were not based purely on one attribute.

At this time—

“Ah… achoo, the people have finally already arrived? I’m so bored already, let’s just set off.”

A young man with sky blue hair walked over, yawning and looking as if he still hadn’t woken up properly yet.

The young man looked to be around twenty years of age, with a tall figure. He had a golden hairband around his head, with a jade pendant hanging from his waist. He also had a sword with a jaded, golden hilt. The demeanour of the young man was extremely lazy, and he was filled with a noble aura, handsome and full of elegance.

“Let me introduce myself. I am the supervisor for the survival training this time around. I am called Blue Sky, the girls within this group can call me Brother Sky.” The young man smiled lecherously, showing off his white teeth. He seemed to have a very amiable personality.

So this lazy and lecherous fellow was the supervisor for the number one Heaven group. He seems… slightly unreliable.

At this time, every member of the number one Heaven group felt slightly apprehensive.

“Lets go!” Blue Sky lifted his hand, waving the almond-yellow-coloured flag in the air. He led the way towards a teleportation rune formation.

For security reasons, the airspace around Deer City was off limits. No matter what form of flight it was, be it human or flying machines, it was strictly forbidden.

Therefore, the students needed to pass through a specific teleportation formation first to get outside the city, then travel towards the training spot.

A buzzing could be heard as soon as one stepped on the teleportation formation.

Ye Qingyu and the other members felt their vision going blurry. After a number of seconds, everyone was transferred to a place hundreds of kilometers away, already outside the city.

“Haha, after being bored in the city for so long, I was nearly ill from it. I finally have an opportunity to come out…” The supervisor, Blue Sky, had an excited expression. He looked more and more unreliable with every second that passed.

“Go!”

He lifted his hand, and a strange silver light shined from his palm to the yellow-coloured banner.

A mysterious transformation began to happen.

The banner slowly expanded, with complicated runes glowing and activating. In the end, it became over tens of feet wide. As if it was a ship, it carried the twenty members of the group and headed towards the deep areas of the wilderness, quickly becoming a blur of light.

Not long after the group of people had left, another light appeared. It was another person.

It was a middle-aged teacher with a strict face.

“Ah ah ah, damn that Blue Sky! He stole my supervising banner and dared to pose as me. Where has he brought the children of the number one Heaven group? This trouble making bastard, when he returns I will definitely thrash him!”

The middle-aged teacher shouted in rage, but there was nothing he could do.

After a long while, he bitterly shook his head. “Fine, that Blue Sky, although he is a little bastard, but his power is definitely terrifying. To protect those little fellows shouldn’t be much of a problem for him… I only hope that he treats this seriously!”

The middle-aged teacher shook his head, returning to the city.

…… ……

The Heaven Wasteland domain had been excavated for less than a hundred years.

Compared to the thousands of worlds and domains, the Heaven Wasteland domain was still far too young. There was still a very large area of the Heaven Wasteland domain that was in chaos and was shrouded in fog.

Throughout these years, there were countless crazy pioneers that tried to go through the chaotic mist, trying to constantly discover new areas. But even through their efforts, it only expanded the safe area of Heaven Wasteland domain by less than a hundred thousand miles!

However, these newly developed regions were only comparatively safe.

From the perspective of the human race, the only truly safe place was the inhabited cities.

But even so, occasionally there would be tragic news of demonic beasts or alien races conquering one of the inhabited cities. Along with mountains of bones and rivers of blood, the cities that had immeasurable effort put in would turn into ruins.

Deer City could be counted as the largest inhabited city for tens of thousands of miles. It was also one of the more important strategic points for the Northern plains of Snow Country.

Because of the existence of Deer City, the number of safe areas that could be used for survival training was rather wide. With the accompaniment of supervisors, everywhere within five thousand kilometers could be used as a training area.

Within such areas, students would do battle with strong wild beasts, acquiring practical battle experience. After killing the beasts and obtaining their [endowment bones], this could be exchanged for academic points when they returned to the academy.

This was the entire content of the practical wilderness training.

Xiu!

The almond-coloured banner was like an arrow, tearing through space.

An extremely bright layer of energy enveloped the entire flag, including Ye Qingyu and the others, causing them not to be affected by the wind. It was an extremely stable ride.

This was the first time that Ye Qingyu had experienced flying through the sky.

Two clouds zipped past them. The wasteland below was like a chessboard, making people feel as if they were at the apex of the world from viewing the entire Heaven and Earth at once.

“Little freshmen, let’s have a discussion about where we should hold our wilderness training.”

The fake teacher Blue Sky smiled at the students behind him.

The impostor Blue Sky wore a white robe, standing at the very forefront of the banner. His blue hair blew back in the wind like a waterfall, hanging down to his waist. There was an indescribable aura of romance and confidence that surrounded him, but the lazy and lecherous tone that he had spoiled this image entirely.

Without waiting for people to give him a reply, the fake instructor continued speaking, “Since no one has any opinions, then let me make the decision for you, hahahaha”

Black lines appeared on everyone’s head.

Shameless person, at least give us the time to reply.

“The wilderness training area for first years can be split into four classifications: B, C, D and T. With T being the area with the least amount of difficult and B being the one with the highest… I’ve decided, we are going to area B9! Haha, the difficulty of that place is the highest and so is the mortality rate, it’s the one most suitable for the prodigies of the freshmen to play around in!”

The fake teacher became excited as he spoke.

The almond-yellow-coloured banner seemed as if it was replying to him, buzzing and vibrating to his words. Using the fastest speed, it set off towards the designated area like wind and lightning.

The hardest area?

Ye Qingyu was also excited.

It was the place that he also wanted to go to the most.

The other members also became excited. To be part of number one Heaven group, one had to have exceptional talent. Those teenagers with confidence and even a little bit of arrogance naturally wanted to challenge the area with the highest difficulty.

The choice of Blue Sky naturally suited the dispositions of these teenagers.

Within the crowd, only Liu Lei frowned slightly but he did not say anything.

…… ……

An hour later.

The almond yellow banner landed on a strange rock in a hilly area.

Blue Sky beckoned his arm, the banner returning to its original size and landing in his hand.

The fake supervisor shouted with a laugh, “We’ve finally arrived at our destination! Everywhere within a hundred miles is a part of the wilderness training area. As long as you don’t step out of this area, you can do what you want and play around. If you encounter danger you can’t handle, then shout for help… wahaha, I finally have a rare free moment, I’m going to play around too!”

Before he had finished speaking, the fake teacher was like a released wild dog, turning into a stream of light that headed towards the sky, disappearing without a trace.

Everyone looked at each other.

Roars of beasts came from all directions. There was a unique wild atmosphere coming from all around them, causing a looming feeling of danger.

Before even ten seconds of time had passed since the teenagers arrived, the dangers of the wilderness were already baring its sinister teeth.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

