Chapter 845:


Chapter 862 - A Plan



In this vast and boundless Void that was as big as the universe, Ye Qingyu sat on a floating circular stone platform and unleashed his consciousness power. He constantly caught the stars and read the jade slips. He was like a sponge that frantically absorbed the surrounding water droplets.

The process of catching a star seemed like an easy task, but in fact, it greatly depleted his consciousness power. He needed to rely on his consciousness power to catch the stars, and also required it to read the jade slips, so it placed a massive strain on his consciousness power.

Time ticked by slowly.

Ye Qingyu had already finished reading through a section of the stars that were closest to him.

Over the past two hours, he had moved together with his divine sense to constantly try to cover an even greater area.

However, this was the [Infinite Arsenal] that had no end, so he could not sense its limits at all.

He could not hold back an exclamation of surprise.

It seemed as though no matter how many stars he plucked, an infinite number of stars continued to twinkle at him in the Void.

As he continued to catch and read through the jade slips, Ye Qingyu also discovered many facts about the races and their techniques that were previously unheard of.

This was the best representation of the insignificance of these living organisms' lives compared to the boundlessness of the myriad domains.

One day quickly flew by.

Ye Qingyu's face finally showed signs of fatigue.

He retracted his divine sense and sat on the floating round stone platform. He breathed slowly as he activated his nameless breathing technique to replenish his divine sense.

The only way to read as many of these treasured manuals of martial techniques as possible was to constantly replenish his divine sense as soon as it was depleted.

Fortunately, the nameless breathing technique he cultivated since childhood had this effect and his divine sense had undergone refinement since it entered the[Cloud Top Cauldron], which made it extremely powerful. He had continued to diligently cultivate it and now his divine sense was comparable to a Peak Saint realm expert.

Another two hours or so passed.

Ye Qingyu let out a long exhalation.

He sensed that he was almost back to his peak condition. He then used qi to unleashed his divine sense once again and headed toward the faraway stars and jade slips in the Void.

He repeated the entire process again.

Without any distractions in this Void, Ye Qingyu completely immersed himself in this endless cycle of catching the stars, reading, and then resting.

In Heaven Connect City—

In the representative station of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect—

The Ancient Sky Dragon Sect had been on the decline for many years but it had a rich foundation with a long history and was still recognized as one of the ancient sects in the myriad domains. Therefore, it still had a representative station within Heaven Connect City.

However, in contrast to the super forces, its representative station was located in a very remote area and it was not very big. It looked like a simple and unsophisticated courtyard.

Within the meeting hall—

Elder Mingjue sat on the highest seat and his expression was serious as he engaged several young disciples in a discussion.

"Elder, what should we do now? We've heard that the person who stood up on behalf of Qin Hui, that lowly maid was none of other than Ye Qingyu of the Heaven Wasteland Domain. This [Ice Sword Killing God] was someone who did not even take the Black Moon Immortal Palace seriously." One of the disciples looked a little nervous. He looked completely different from the posturing and arrogant person earlier.

Everything seemed to have gone very smoothly. After they completely eradicated the nominal successor Tian Ning, they would be considered the new generation of heroes, rather than the rebel disciples that they were. Prestige and fortune were almost within their reach.

Nobody expected that just as they were about to capture Qin Hui and her son, a random stranger would suddenly appear and publicly protect them. Not only did they fail to escape safely after committing murder at the congress divine temple, none of the disciples present, including Elder Mingjue, were his match.

After they left the divine temple congress hall, these disciples immediately spread out across the city to collect more information about Ye Qingyu. They did not expect the news they heard to cause a chill to run down their spines.

It turned out that the Ye Qingyu they encountered in the congress divine temple was the very same Ye Qingyu that had made a name for himself on the Road of Chaos over the past month. He was the talented young genius of the Human Race who was known as the [Ice Sword Killing God] and also the Bloodthirsty Maniac Ye!

He dared to single-handedly challenge the Black Moon Immortal Palace, which was supported by many super forces, and killed many Saints and nefarious characters. Above all, he was even powerful enough to cause the Great Saint, an elder of the Black Moon Immortal Palace, to flee in terror.

These disciples were merely at the beginner’s Immortal Step realm and even Elder Mingjue himself could barely count as one in the higher Immortal Step realm . To a killing god such as Ye Qingyu, they were just like ants that he could crush easily.

As they discovered more about that random stranger, a cold sweat broke out all over their bodies.

It looked as though what he said in the congress divine temple was true after all and that he did not want to kill others because he was in good spirits. Otherwise, they would have faced the same fate as the disciple who was frozen into an ice block.

The thought of that struck fear into their hearts, then they could not hold back a shiver.

However, there were several others in the representative station who were not too bothered.

"Although Ye Qingyu has risen to fame recently, he is nothing but a nobody from a new domain. Furthermore, by interfering in our sect's affairs, he has flouted the rules."

A disciple who had not seen Ye Qingyu but only heard a few rumors about him piped up defiantly.

"Exactly. Elder, are we going to let that mother and son off just like that? If our sect leader finds out, we will not be able to bear responsibility for it. We can't give up at this stage.”

"Yes, how could we let the matter go so easily? We were so close to succeeding, and if we let that idiot Tian Ning escape with his life..."

"What else can we do? We will not be able to go against that Maniac Ye with our current strength. We'd definitely lose, furthermore..."

The rebel disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect started arguing amongst themselves, unable to come up with a concrete plan.

"Shut up! What are you arguing about? You are all spouting nonsense! This matter has become a little tricky..." Elder Mingjue suddenly interrupted them and broke his silence. "Ye Qingyu is an accomplished young man who has special amnesty. We can't afford to have him as our enemy because he is far too powerful. However, we definitely can't let Qin Hui and her son off either. Since Ye Qingyu has already declared that he will visit our sect, we should first make our way back and report this incident to our sect leader and Elder Cang Li to send out letters of invitation to our allies requesting their support. Then, we should set up a killing formation, so in the event that he truly dares to come, the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain shall be his burial place.”

Elder Mingjue eked out the last part through gritted teeth.

He decided to retreat for now.

In fact, since he had witnessed Ye Qingyu's power and saw the special amnesty that he was granted after he killed someone in the divine temple, Elder Mingjue knew that the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect was in a tricky situation. Qin Hui and her son must have garnered the support of an ancient divine mountain and he naturally would not search for them to engage in senseless arguments.

Furthermore, Elder Mingjue knew that even if they gathered all the top experts of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, they might not be able to handle the bloodthirsty killing god.

At the moment, he felt that only if several elders of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect joined forces to deploy the right forces, then invited their allies to join forces on their land, would they then be able to stand a chance against Ye Qingyu.

The evening had arrived and the sky of Heaven Connect City was faintly tinted pink by the clouds.

However, there was no interchange of day or night in the [Infinite Arsenal].

There were only the dark night sky and the stars.

Ye Qingyu remained standing on the stone platform, as though he was meditating.

Up in the Void that was thousands of meters from where he was—

His divine sense continued to pluck at those starry jade slips in a frenzy as he made use of every second he had to read secret technique manuals.

Another two or three days passed.

In the eastern meeting hall of the Green Xuan Hall—

Empress Yu Xiaoxing slowly rose to her feet and let out a long exhale as she stretched her body.

She had been kept extremely busy over the past few days.

She did not even remember being that busy during the period after her ascension to the throne of the Heaven Wasteland Dynasty. Countless sects, forces, chambers of commerce, distinguished families, and financial groups had all visited and requested to work with the Heaven Wasteland Domain. They all had their own set of conditions and Yu Xiaoxing had to deal with them one at a time. She did not keep anyone waiting too long which resulted in her not having time to rest at all.

Nor did she want to rest.

She was well-aware of the price they paid to get this far.

They had paid the price with brother Ye Qingyu's blood and bones. Everything they had now was the result of brother Ye Qingyu's hard-fought battles where his life was on the line each time. No one knew how much pressure he faced, or how many times he was injured, or how much blood he shed, or the sacrifices he made… The prestige they enjoyed was all due to brother Ye Qingyu.

All she had to do was properly manage the resources that brother Ye Qingyu had left her. She could not be by his side as he carved out a bloody path for them, but she could help him stabilize the area and allay his concerns.

After she stretched, she returned to her table and picked up a bright-yellow silk book. There were many names recorded on it and this was the first batch of the envoy mission members she selected to return to the Heaven Wasteland Domain after discussions with several core members of the envoy mission.

The domain grading had come to an end and they would need to make further progress on their tasks ahead. After yesterday's discussion, it was decided that the first batch of members to return to the Heaven Wasteland Domain would depart seven days later.

Yu Xiaoxing would return along with them.

She was the Empress and the country could not go too long without its ruler.

She had already spent more than a month outside the Heaven Wasteland Domain, so she wanted to make haste back to the Heaven Wasteland Dynasty to stabilize the overall situation.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 846:


Chapter 863 - Timely Assistance



In the [Infinite Arsenal]—

Ye Qingyu awakened once more from his meditative state after replenishing his spirit. His consciousness power, which had been exhausted after catching stars and reading those techniques, was now back to its peak condition. He seemed full of energy and his spirit was as full as it could be.

"Eight hundred thirty-one."

This figure came to mind after some thought. This was the total number of secret technique manuals that he had committed to memory after spending nine days in the [Infinite Arsenal]. His luck had held up, for the Human Race technique manuals had made up more than half of the manuals he read, at five hundred ten, and the remaining three hundred twenty-one were techniques of the foreign races.

These foreign race techniques were also incredibly useful to him since it was not only the Human Race that lived in the Heaven Wasteland Domain, but there were also the Demon Race, Brute Race, and other minority races.

The techniques that were stored within the [Infinite Arsenal] were all extraordinary techniques. The weakest technique that he came across was known as the [Gentle Water Cleansing Formula] and at its peak it could unleash a water-type divine ability comparable to a pinnacle Immortal Step realm martial artist. This ability within the Heaven Wasteland Domain would be considered by all sects as an outstanding divine technique.

Ye Qingyu had never lacked combat skills because of the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] from the bronze book. Nonetheless, there was still a slight difference between combat skills and techniques. Combat skills were techniques that could be employed in battles to kill, while techniques were secret skills that could be used to increase one's cultivation and refine one's yuan qi. Ye Qingyu was still lacking in the area of techniques, so these eight hundred and thirty-one techniques would be more than sufficient for him to plug the gap in the martial way of the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

These techniques were not meaningful to Ye Qingyu, so he merely memorized them but did not plan on cultivating any of them.

The reason was simple.

First, the nameless breathing technique he cultivated was a manifestation of the law of the Great Dao. Second, the highest level amongst those techniques he read could only be cultivated to a maximum of the Peak Great Saint realm and his goal stretched far beyond that realm.

"I've only got one more day left here."

He concluded after calculating the time.

He did not know when he would next have the opportunity to be in the [Infinite Arsenal], so he would have to make full use of his time here. He took a deep breath and continued to catch and read the techniques in the Void.

Time flew by.

Another four hours went by swiftly.

He memorized an additional sixty-nine techniques.

Despite his astounding photographic memory, he felt as though his temples were starting to throb by this stage. He knew that he had probably reached his memory's limit. After all, he was committing to memory the contents of these scriptures and techniques of the martial way. These were no ordinary materials, so the difficulty level was extremely high.

In fact, when Ren Puyang had fought for the chance for Ye Qingyu to enter the [Infinite Arsenal], he thought that it would be amazing if Ye Qingyu could memorize and comprehend thirty to forty technique manuals. If anyone found out what he had achieved in a short span of ten days, they would probably be scared out of their minds.

Ye Qingyu sensed a faint repellent force slowly spreading across the [Infinite Arsenal], as though it was trying to squeeze him out of the area.

He knew that his time was almost up.

He slowly rose to his feet and looked at the pitch-black Void, which was as vast as the universe. He could not help but be overcome with admiration for the nameless Martial Emperor who had established this place.

Such a man would be on the level of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors back in those days, but for some reason, he did not even leave his name or honorific title behind.

Ye Qingyu thought, then he casually caught a “star” from the Void.

This would be his final technique.

His time would probably be up by the time he finished this technique.

His divine sense entered the jade slip and a strange look flashed across his face as he browsed through its contents. He could not hold back an exclamation of surprise.

[The Great Dao Induction to Rebirth Scripture]?

After he saw its name, he did not even need to read further to sense that this was a technique that completely differed from the nine hundred techniques he read earlier. Any manual that contained the words ”Great Dao” in the [Infinite Arsenal] could be considered to be the ultimate treasure.

"The Great Dao is as vast as the blue sky. Yet, I find myself unable to leave!"

These were the first words of the general principle's introductory paragraph and those words shook Ye Qingyu to the core. He stood dazedly rooted to the spot as though those words contained a magical spell. As he contemplated those words, all that he had experienced so far flashed past his mind like lightning, and it was just like his body was slowly cleansed of something that resembled wind or dust.

He was extremely smart and immediately understood that the word “leave” changed the significance of the rest of the sentence. It meant that although one was not able to leave, one had to find a way out.

He calmed himself down and continued to read the manual.

"...Comprehend the foundation of the universe and observe the mysterious beauty of the Great Dao. Observe the past, present, and future. One's destiny is in the hands of heaven, one's path is trodden on the ground, and one's heart lies within oneself. The foundation is beyond the universe. The reincarnation of every life and the future life of every life is based on the heart. The way of the heart lies within its will. One's will could send everything into oblivion or it could also make the achievement of a thousand years...”

As he continued to read, he found the technique extremely profound and much harder to comprehend than the manuals he had read before. Yet, it seemed to give off a mysterious aura that bewitched him and he completely immersed himself in its contents. He mulled over each word and each sentence he read...

He was not even sure when the faint repellent force in the [Infinite Arsenal] had grown stronger and he was unable to maintain his balance, as though he was a fish that had been swept away by strong currents.

"Therefore, to be inducted into the Great Dao, the foundation lies in one's heart ."

This was the conclusion of the [Great Dao Induction to Rebirth Scripture].

Ye Qingyu was still lost in deep thought after he finished reading the manual.

Before he could react, a magnificent and controllable large force rolled over him, and the jade slip in his hand transformed into flowing light that made its way back into the Void of the [Infinite Arsenal]. He was then swallowed into the black Void and disappeared within it.

...

The leader of the white-robed divine guards, Xiao Lin, had been standing guard outside the entire time.

Ten days had flown by in the blink of an eye.

In front of the entrance to the [Infinite Arsenal]—

There was a sudden faint glow in front of the large black main gate.

Then, Ye Qingyu walked out through the door as though he had walked through a water curtain. There was a strange expression on his face, but he was otherwise in good spirits.

"Divine Guard Xiao Lin, thanks for waiting so long for me." Ye Qingyu immediately spotted the white-robed Divine Guard Xiao Lin, who still stood in the same spot, the moment he stepped out of the [Infinite Arsenal].

"You're welcome, Lord Ye Qingyu. This was only my duty. Please follow me. Lord Ren Puyang had given me orders to bring you to him after you left the [Infinite Arsenal]." Divine Guard Xiao Lin had stood outside the [Infinite Arsenal] for ten days, but there were no signs of fatigue on his face and he still smiled warmly at Ye Qingyu.

"That's great. I would like to seek Lord Ren Puyang's permission for something as well." Ye Qingyu nodded in assent.

Then, they headed toward the slowly circulating light-silver space formation.

...

Another six hours later—

It was already dusk by the time Ye Qingyu returned to the Green Xuan Hall from the Alliance of Domains divine temple.

In the meeting hall of Green Xuan Hall—

Upon his return from the congress divine temple, Ye Qingyu listened to Luo Yi's report of the events that took place over the past few days and felt reassured to know that nothing eventful had happened. He thought for a moment, then asked Luo Yi to invite Empress Yu Xiaoxing, Wen Wan, Ximen Yeshui, Yan Buhui, and Old Fish, who were from the higher echelon of the envoy mission, to the meeting hall.

Everyone was excited to see that Ye Qingyu had returned.

"Haha. Little Ye Qingyu, you must have struck it big in there. I heard that there are countless divine techniques and secret manuals within the [Infinite Arsenal], including Quasi-emperor-level mental techniques. How did you fare this time? Did you manage to obtain a Quasi-emperor-level mental technique?" Old Fish asked gleefully.

Ye Qingyu glanced at him and shook his head, "How could I have been so lucky? The number of manuals within the [Infinite Arsenal] is as vast as the sea with no end in sight. Everything came down to luck and over the past ten days, I read close to one thousand manuals and the best ones were merely Peak Great Saint level techniques."

Gasps of astonishment could be heard throughout the meeting hall.

“Peak Great Saint level techniques... My god, this is a peerless treasure.”

They were all envious of him and looked at him hopefully. To a martial artist, a martial way technique was even more attractive and alluring than a peerless beauty.

Ye Qingyu could not hold back his laughter and said, "Don't worry. I've already prepared techniques for the few of you. You may come to me to collect these techniques tomorrow."

Everyone's eyes shone with excitement.

As they walked down the Road of Chaos, no one else was more aware of the importance of strength than them, and no one else was as keen to increase their cultivation as they were. Unfortunately, they lacked a great master to provide proper guidance, but if they obtained techniques to aid them, it would be the equivalent of a great master by their side.

Ye Qingyu looked at Yu Xiaoxing and said, "Your Highness, are you ready to return to the Heaven Wasteland Domain?"

Yu Xiaoxing nodded and replied, "Yes, I'll need to head back now that the grading has been announced. A large majority of the envoy mission will return along with me. We also received word from the Alliance of Domains a few days ago that they will allocate a plot of land for the Heaven Wasteland Domain to establish a representative station within Heaven Connect City. Therefore, we will also need a few people to be stationed here."

Ye QIngyu nodded, "A representative station? Yes, this is indeed good news… Oh yes, I have something to announce as well. I met Master Ren Puyang before I returned and he agreed to give these fifty Black Gold Puppets to the Heaven Wasteland Domain. These are the tokens to control the puppets and Master Ren Puyang had already divided them into four parts. I'll hand them over right now and you may bring these puppets back with you."

As he spoke, he handed the four tokens to Yu Xiaoxing, Wen Wan, Ximen Yeshui, Yan Buhui, and Old Fish.

"Master Ren Puyang's gift is truly too precious." Yu Xiaoxing was elated as she held the token in her hands.

The Heaven Wasteland Domain was an independent domain but its defensive abilities were still very poor. Their defensive capabilities would definitely be strengthened now that they had these Black Gold Puppets, which were comparable to Saint realm experts.

Master Ren Puyang had indeed provided them with timely assistance.

The Empress was naturally a lot more relaxed ever since they passed the grading assessment, and after a few days of rest, she looked a lot better.

"Hehe… I can't believe he gave these puppets to you. Ren Puyang must really have high hopes for you." Old Fish's face broke into a smile and his eyes twinkled mischievously.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 847:


Chapter 864 - Mysterious Change



"Hehe… I can't believe he gave these puppets to you. Ren Puyang must really have high hopes for you." Old Fish's face broke into a smile and his eyes twinkled mischievously as he toyed with the token in his hand.

Ye Qingyu could not help nodding.

Ren Puyang and Xiao Lin had said something similar, but most of the time, one's actions would speak louder than words.

Ren Puyang first fought for the opportunity for Ye Qingyu to enter the [Infinite Arsenal], then gifted the Heaven Wasteland Domain with the Black Gold Battle Puppets. He also guessed that Ren Puyang must have played a part in carving out a space for the Heaven Wasteland Domain's representative station as well. Coupled with the fact that the respected leader of the Divine Guard, Xiao Lin, had been by his side these past few days… All of that was enough to show that Ren Puyang genuinely supported Ye Qingyu and truly had high hopes for him.

He would remember the kindness that Ren Puyang had shown him.

"Why do I and Wen Wan get to lead ten puppets each, while that old thing gets to lead eighteen by himself?" Ximen Yeshui complained after he scanned the contents of the token.

Ye Qingyu ignored him.

Even Wan Wan shot him a look of disdain.

Was there even a need to ask such a question?

With the exception of the time that the envoy mission hid in the Chaotic Windstorm after being ambushed during the grading process, Old Fish rarely displayed his skills. No one else within the envoy mission other than Ye Qingyu knew his true prowess, but from the respect that War God Ye Qingyu had always shown him, and from the few times he displayed his extraordinary moves, it was obvious that he was definitely no weakling and was probably a formidable character. No one else in the entire envoy mission dared to underestimate Old Fish, but Ximen Yeshui thought that he was extraordinarily powerful and remained unconvinced of Old Fish's prowess. He always compared himself to Old Fish in every aspect.

"Respect the elderly and care for the young. You little punk, don't you know how to respect your elders?" Old Fish glanced at Ximen Yeshui and smugly stroked his long beard.

There was a reason why Ye Qingyu had divided the Puppets in such a way.

These Battle Puppets would constantly need to be controlled by one's consciousness power during the journey back to the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Old Fish had sustained Dao injuries and, although his strength seemed formidable, it was weak in reality. Nonetheless, his consciousness power was the strongest in the entire envoy mission and thus, controlling eighteen Black-Gold Puppets would be nothing to him. He could even easily bring eighty puppets with him back to the Heaven Wasteland Domain. As for Wen Wan, Ximen Yeshui, Yan Buhui, and the Empress, their consciousness power had all been severely depleted during the Chaotic Windstorm. They seemed as though they were in good condition, but they would still need time to cultivate before they returned to their peak condition.

Most importantly, these people were worthy of his trust.

Ye Qingyu was very comfortable leaving the Black Gold Puppets with them and knew that they would be able to bring out the true abilities of these puppets.

As for himself… He did not plan on taking any puppets with him. With his current strength, if he ran into an enemy he could not handle, even if he unleashed these Battle Puppets, the effect would be negligible.

They continued to discuss other miscellaneous matters.

The meeting only ended late at night.

After the meeting ended, Ye Qingyu went to the western courtyard again to visit Great Dragon Turtle Demon.

Great Dragon Turtle Demon's condition had deteriorated significantly. His complexion was sallow and his breathing was shallow. He was now bedridden and lay quietly in bed. Under the care of Little Dragon Turtle Zhong Xuan, he could still speak with some effort, but he no longer had any appetite and returned to his true form of a green-shelled Dragon Turtle that was as big as a stone bed. His original form should be as big as a mountain given his long lifespan, but now that his life force was completely exhausted, his true form had shrunken.

Nonetheless, he remained in good spirits and his eyes still twinkled. He looked very contented and managed to exchange a few words with Ye Qingyu.

Little Dragon Turtle Zhong Xuan wiped the tears from her eyes.

As usual, Ye Qingyu checked on Great Dragon Turtle Demon's condition and discovered that the inner core of his demonic qi only had a glow that was as tiny as a firefly. It flashed faintly as though it could be easily extinguished by a gust of wind. He knew that once this tiny glow was completely extinguished, Great Dragon Turtle Demon would then reach the end of his lifespan.

However, this tiny glow was weak but resilient. Upon careful observation, one could sense a wisp of Phoenix nirvana aura lingering in its core.

This wisp of nirvana aura was far too weak to change the situation.

Ye Qingyu also started to feel powerless to change the situation.

He looked at Little Dragon Turtle Zhong Xuan, who stared hopefully at him as though he was her savior as she wiped the tears from her eyes, and he thought of those who had died during the grading process—Jin Tuodao, Shi Potian, Qu Hanshan, and the rest. He was then filled with grief. These people were heroes of the Heaven Wasteland Domain but had their lives tragically cut short. He had brought them out of the Heaven Wasteland Domain and it would be far too cruel if he could not save them.

However...

Ye Qingyu could not bring himself to face Little Dragon Turtle Zhong Xuan's hopeful gaze.

He heaved a secret sigh and started to say something, when for some reason, those words strangely came back to him.

"The Great Dao is as vast as the blue sky. Yet, I find myself unable to leave!"

As though he had gained sudden enlightenment, those words appeared in his mind and shone as brightly as the sun, instantly driving all the doubt and confusion away. Ye Qingyu grasped a faint shred of enlightenment. This shred of enlightenment flashed as brightly as a fiery spark and he could dimly sense it overlapping with the faint glow in the core of Great Dragon Turtle Demon's demonic qi. The entire process was extremely mysterious.

"...One's destiny is in the hands of heaven, one's path is trodden on the ground, and one's heart lies within oneself. The foundation is beyond the universe… Therefore, to be inducted into the Great Dao, the foundation lies in one's heart ."

There seemed to be a solemn voice chanting these words in his mind.

The words that this voice was chanting were from the final technique he read in the [Infinite Arsenal]—the [Great Dao Induction to Rebirth Scripture].

The voice was like a divine decree, as though a Quasi-emperor had spoken. It was mysterious and profound and each word seemed to contain a law of the Great Dao and resounded in his mind as thunderous as heavenly lightning or the wrath of the deities. Its voice surged and echoed like a big bell and his mind was so shaken that it turned completely white. He could not sense the existence of any organism and it was so quiet that he did not know where he was. There seemed to be a thick fog of chaos in front of him, as though every single organism had been obliterated, as though the universe was first created, as though the universe had returned to its very foundation.

He was not sure how long it was before the whiteness in front of him slowly parted. The purer and lighter particles floated upward, while the murkier and heavier particles fell toward the ground. A ray of light appeared between the cracks and entered his line of sight. Then, this light exploded and it was so dazzling that Ye Qingyu could not open his eyes.

Then—

"Lord Ye Qingyu, Lord Ye Qingyu..." He heard a clear voice beside him.

He felt very dizzy and the dazzling bright light gradually faded from sight while the voice became clearer. It seemed as though someone was calling out to him. He struggled hard and finally freed himself from this strange state to open his eyes. He could dimly see some figures and when his vision cleared, he saw an anxious and child-like face staring at him.

It was Little Dragon Turtle Zhong Xuan.

He looked at her in bewilderment, then when he looked around, he found that he was still in Great Dragon Turtle Demon's quiet room. He suddenly recalled what he had been through, but at the same time, he sensed that something was wrong, so he asked, "What happened? I was..."

Before he finished speaking—

To his surprise, he realized that a small crowd had gathered in his quiet room.

Yu Xiaoxing, Wen Wan, Old Fish, Ximen Yeshui, and a few core people of the envoy mission were all present and they were all looking at him in surprise. From the bright rays of light that flooded the room, he discovered to his surprise that it was daytime.

"Haha, this is great. He is alright." Old Fish pinched his cheeks and pulled at his hair as he breathed out a sigh of relief. "That was extremely odd. You were just meditating here when you almost Dao-dissolved into oblivion. What the heck was that? We were so scared that we did not sleep the entire night..."

Dao-dissolved?

Ye Qingyu was stunned.

Did I spend the entire night in this state?

He turned around and saw that Great Dragon Turtle Demon continued to lie quietly in bed but he was now shrouded by a mysterious white mist. A life force that looked weak but had boundless energy slowly rose from his withered figure, and low and even popping noises could be heard from his body. These sounds were very bizarre and sounded like a divine drum. Its rhythm and pace were grand and majestic and it contained Dao sounds that caused the surrounding space to quiver each time it sounded!

"This is..."

Ye Qingyu was astonished.

This were signs of the recovery of life and the restoration of vitality.

Great Dragon Turtle Demon… Was he about to walk out of the jaws of death?

His heartbeat was slow and dull but it was strong and energetic, like the heart of a large dragon. Even when Great Dragon Turtle Demon was at his peak strength, his heart probably did not even beat as powerfully. What… could have happened?

Ye Qingyu was slightly confused but he knew that this had something to do with his earlier strange state.

"Cousin, are you alright?" Yu Xiaoxing asked worriedly.

Everyone's gaze fell upon him.

Ye Qingyu was now the pillar of the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, which meant that nothing must happen to him.

Ye Qingyu shook his head and said, "I'm fine. I must have read too many manuals of the martial way in the [Infinite Arsenal] and earlier, I comprehended something and slipped into a state of sudden enlightenment… Don't worry, we should first check on Great Dragon Turtle Demon."

He was well-aware of his own condition and he could sense that a mysterious force continued to swirl within his body. He could not really identify it but he knew it was good for him, for the unshakable bottleneck of the Immortal Gate seemed to show signs of loosening.

His face remained expressionless as he placed a hand on Great Dragon Turtle Demon's shell and sent his yuan qi within to check on his condition.

Little Dragon Turtle Zhong Xuan's heart was in her mouth.

A moment later—

There was a strange expression on Ye Qingyu's face as he lifted his hand from the shell and smiled, "Things seem to have taken a turn for the better… Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui, stand guard outside the quiet room to protect Great Dragon Turtle Demon. As for the rest, you may leave. That includes you, Zhong Xuan. Your grandfather's life isn't in danger anymore but he needs time to recover. You mustn't disturb him."

Everyone heaved a sigh of relief and a look of happiness flashed past their faces.

"I will be entering self-isolation to meditate on whatever I've comprehended."

Ye Qingyu did not provide any further explanation but hurriedly left the room after those words.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 848:


Chapter 865 - This Was What a Saint Was



In the self-isolation quiet room.

Ye Qingyu was sitting cross-legged.

As if dead sitting, his eyes were tightly closed, his lips were slightly curled up into a smile, and his brows were drooping to his eyes, all in a natural posture which resembled that of an ice statue. There was no sign of aura, inner yuan, or vitality on his body, and even his usually-ruddy complexion was gradually paling. As time went by, his skin was also gradually becoming gray and wrinkled while his long jet-black hair quietly dullened to an ashen color, giving him the look of a centenarian.

This was an absurd and bizarre feeling, as if the tide of time was frantically whizzing past him such that ten thousand years were going by in a mere instant, during which his heroic appearance rapidly became infirm and old.

"Though the Great Dao is as visible as the blue skies, I'm unable to comprehend it."

There was nothing and no self in Ye Qingyu's heart as these words popped up in his mind once more.

These words were like ten blazing suns shining upon his sea of consciousness and turning it as clear as day.

Using his divine sense, Ye Qingyu read the words in backward order several times.

He gained a different comprehension each time.

After reading them countless times, his divine sense focused upon the word "comprehend".

Subsequently, the Dao sounds were heard once more.

Originating from the strange phenomenon of flashing lightning and rolling thunder, every word of the [Great Dao Induction to Rebirth Scripture], akin to divine writings, continually popped up in succession in Ye Qingyu's sea of consciousness. The Dao sounds which had emerged in his sea of consciousness when he was in the Great Dragon Turtle Demon's quiet room rang out once more.

The next moment.

All three thousand words of the scripture suspended within his sea of consciousness like patterns of gold light, giving off a brilliant radiance.

A Dao sound would be heard every time Ye Qingyu looked at a different word.

After looking through them all once, his soul seemed to be thoroughly cleansed, as if all impurities had been expelled from his body.

This was an indescribably wonderful feeling, and although it did not result in any strength increase, Ye Qingyu had vibes of Immortality during this process, as if he had entered Heaven from where he looked down on all creation.

However, after reading through the entire scripture once, he did not do so a second time.

He shifted his attention away and no longer deliberately listened to the Dao sounds.

This was because his intuition informed him that although the Dao sounds were wonderful, there might be danger if he listened on, and they would thus turn into the sounds of death instead.

This was not without precedent.

After what he experienced in the quiet room of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon, he knew that, given his present cultivation, he would be led into the Dao realm and become Dao-dissolved - all of his cultivation, yuan qi, flesh, bones, viscera, and even hair would turn into Dao essence and vanish completely, becoming a portion of the energy and laws throughout the world, a state that was no different from death.

This was the consequence of him, as an expert, forcefully trying to comprehend the meaning of the Great Dao which he could not grasp.

He already understood the causes and effects.

The reason why the harsh scriptures he had heard in the [Infinite Arsenal] did not engender any strange phenomenon when he was in there observing and learning, but did so and made thunderous Dao sounds when he walked out to check on the Great Dragon Turtle Demon's condition, was because of one word -

Comprehend.

He suddenly understood this because of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon's condition.

Scriptures were always like this. If one did not have the luck or did not comprehend them, they would remain as dead texts even if read a million times.

But the very moment that one comprehended them, they would transform from dead into magical, and the Dao sounds would emerge immediately, presenting the Great Dao of the scripture.

After listening once to the Dao sounds of the [Great Dao Induction to Rebirth Scripture], he thought about the change process of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon's internal condition.

Previously, after he had regained a clear head and observed the Great Dragon Turtle Demon's condition, he discovered that the foundation of demonic qi in the latter's body was actually recovering gradually - via an extremely bizarre method which was as if one was coming back to life from death, using one's deathly aura and power as the Dao foundation. This was simply unbelievable. Previously, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon's body had nearly been totally seized by the power of death, and it was none other than this wisp of brilliance which gave him renewed life and caused qualitative changes to his condition.

Under that kind of change, the more massive the power of death in the Great Dragon Turtle Demon's body grew, the more incredible the power of life he regained.

With just one look at that time, Ye Qingyu immediately comprehended a shade of meaning of the [Great Dao Induction to Rebirth Scripture].

This was a completely unsurpassable scripture.

Within it, he saw a glimpse of opportunity which could turn a normal person into a Saint, and so he hurriedly self-isolated.

At this time, his mind was profusely recollecting the kind of change in the Great Dragon Turtle Demon's body.

Unknowingly, his own body underwent change.

His vitality receded, one drop at a time.

However, this sort of receding was not disappearing.

Instead, it was transforming.

The power of life was continually transforming into the power of death, which then frenziedly invaded his body.

-

Just like the Great Dragon Turtle Demon a while ago, his vitality was being burned up.

However, the speed of this process was a lot faster than that of the former.

Within less than two hours, he had already become a haggard, white-hair-falling, and emaciated monster, as if his lifespan had been depleted, such that even the throbbing of his chest disappeared. He was left with only the final and weakest bit of life.

Silvery-white strands of hair fell from his head.

This process continued for approximately ten minutes.

Eventually, all of his hair fell, turning him into a desiccated corpse.

The final bit of life in his body dissipated.

But, at this very moment, just as the final strand of hair landed on the ground, his heart suddenly gave a thumping throb.

The sound of this was thunderous.

Sound waves vibrated and turned into a layer of transparent halo which radiated in all directions, as dust danced wildly in the air all around his body.

Thump!

Thump thump!

The throbbing noise rang out once more.

As powerful as the sound of a divine drum, it was extremely similar to the throbbing of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon's heart earlier, except that it was even faster and tougher. Its weird frequency caused the space in the quiet room to ripple like an autumn pond, and as the thumping noises became faster, it exceeded the frequency range which could be heard by a normal human in a twinkling.

As Ye Qingyu's heart throbbed, a bout of exuberant vitality burst out from his body.

A strange change appeared.

Beneath his skin, which was as wizened as the bark of an old tree, a beam of red light abruptly circulated within his terribly-bulging blood vessels, which were like dried-up riverbeds. It was a trail of sparkling divine-level blood. As it filled his dried-up blood vessels, its mysterious power moistened and revitalized his body wherever it passed, very much in the manner of a sweet spring irrigating a withered field.

Ye Qingyu did not detect this kind of change to his body.

This was because his divine sense had already completely submerged into his dantian world.

A storm rose in his yuan qi ocean, while the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] which stood tall in the Void was in exactly the same apparent state as Ye Qingyu - like an old, desiccated corpse, it was wrinkled and wizened all over, bringing to mind a sand sculpture.

The [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] was undergoing the same change as Ye Qingyu's physical body - its vitality was dissipating and turning into the power of death.

But at the final juncture, just as the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] was about to dissipate like flying sand and smoke into the Void, a misty ball of light suddenly circulated at its heart region and gave off a strange splendor, resembling primeval chaotic mist.

Subsequently, the giant doppelganger regained a trace of vitality.

It began to move.

Like a hobbling old man, it gently took a step forward.

In front of it was the towering, uncrossable Immortal Gate, which it had found difficult to open even when it was in its best state, and as such impeded Ye Qingyu's passage into the Saint realm.

The wizened doppelganger, whose power was less than one-ten-thousandths of its peak period, slowly hobbled up to the massive Immortal Gate.

It gradually raised a hand.

There was barely any strength.

Its five fingers gently pressed onto the door leaf and momentarily paused before it flipped its palm such that its back rested on the Immortal Gate. Extending its index finger and middle finger while keeping the other fingers bent, it gave a very gentle knock.

This action was the very picture of an ordinary old man knocking on the door of his own house after coming back from a stroll outside.

It was very casual and effortless.

It made a very light sound, as if signaling for a family member inside to open the door.

Thump thump!

Thump thump thump!

He gently knocked five times.

Subsequently, the two leaves of the massive Immortal Gate, which Ye Qingyu had been unable to open no matter how he rammed into it, silently opened.

The Immortal Gate had opened.

This was the proper way to knock on it.

The real mystery behind opening the Immortal Gate was the word "knock".

Throughout all of Ye Qingyu's several hundred attempts, he was pounding on the door rather than knocking on it.

That was why the Immortal Gate did not open.

The difference that a word made was utterly absurd.

As the Immortal Gate opened wide, the silver splendor shone in mistily from the other end of the gate, covering and drowning the giant [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger].

A saintly pressure pervaded.

This was the kind of pressure which only a true Saint could wield.

Like a deluge when the floodgates had been opened, the aura of the Saint realm flowed out of the Immortal Gate. It diffused at a terrifying speed and filled up Ye Qingyu's entire dantian world, within which it soaked everything it passed by.

The next moment.

Moving against the torrential flow of this Saint realm aura, the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] walked across the Immortal Gate.

Taking the longest of times, the giant figure finally passed through the gate with slow yet firm footsteps.

It then stood at the other end of the Immortal Gate.

While standing still, it turned its head back.

For a split second, its gray eyes seemed to contain tremendous might as it watched the massive Immortal Gate tremor slightly and fade away gradually into the Void.

This was a normal change.

The Immortal Gate was a materialization of all the power of laws which impeded an expert from stepping into the Saint realm, and so anyone who did not comprehend the power of a Saint would find it most difficult to pass through it. However, if an expert had entered the Saint realm, then these impeding forces would have no need nor reason to exist and would naturally disappear gradually, and thus the Immortal Gate was no longer.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu completely advanced to the Saint realm.

After bathing in saintly might, the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger], too, showed astonishing changes. Its color gradually changed from the blue of the yuan qi ocean to silver, and after the saintly might finally pervaded the entire dantian world, the silver color faded as the doppelganger gradually shrank to the same size as Ye Qingyu. Its skin gained the color of flesh as if it had truly become another Ye Qingyu, with its expression equally flexible and vivid.

As it watched the Immortal Gate gradually disappear into the Void, its expression twitched.

"Impeding power is also power."

Ye Qingyu's voice was uttered from this doppelganger's mouth, which he then opened and sucked slightly. At once, the already-faded phantom Immortal Gate became a ball of flowing light and was absorbed into the mouth!

After that, the doppelganger sat cross-legged in the Void above the yuan qi ocean of the dantian world, resembling an old monk meditating quietly without joy or sorrow.

Meanwhile.

In the quiet room.

Like the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger], Ye Qingyu, whose physical body had turned infirm, regained his peak state of vigorous blood qi.

The vitality that had died out was regained and the desiccated hair which had fallen grew back. His muscles and bones began to shine while his viscera became perfectly devoid of all dust and filth. At first glance, it was as if his muscles and bones were transparent, allowing his blood vessels and viscera to be seen, yet on closer observation, this was but an illusion.

Ye Qingyu straightened his body and stood up.

A saintly might pervaded the quiet room.

The throbbing heart noises died down, albeit this did not mean the heart had become ordinary. Instead, Ye Qingyu's body had been reborn and turned toward its foundation, becoming a perfect union with the heart and muffling its throbbing noises. On the surface, Ye Qingyu looked no different from an ordinary person.

His eyes opened and closed.

In one eye, thunder and lightning manifested.

In the other, a chill arose.

This was what a Saint was.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

