Chapter 121:


Chapter 121 – Chase

“So you people really were here!”

The lanky figure of Liu Yuancheng appeared with his long robe flapping and grey hair rustling. He walked step by step into the ice cave that was located underground.

He blocked the entrance, a strong yuan qi fluctuation burning around his body with snow and wind following him. His gaze like electricity. With just one glance, he was able to find Ye Qingyu. Coldly sneering, “You really are a brat that is hard to deal with, to have hidden here. But it ends here.”

“So it really was you?” At this moment, Ye Qingyu was able to fully understand.

If it really was Liu Yuancheng behind the attacks, then everything that had happened before could be explained. At the very least, he had the ability to place spies in the [Breakthrough Barracks] and was able to instruct the four military officers to assassinate him. And this [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] was most likely the ferocious beast that this old bastard had raised.

“You should have long realized it was me.” Liu Yuancheng pressed forward step by step, a powerful aura that cause the flame on the torches to flicker and sway rapidly. The entire underground cave became many times dimmer. His murderous intent was like a real physical object. “Did you really think I was afraid of you? Did you really think I would let you go? After my Liu-er, was he killed by you?”

Ye Qingyu remained silently for a breath of time. He knew that today could not end well.

Liu Yuancheng was the registrar of the city leader office. Not only was his position prestigious, but his personal strength could not be underestimated. He was absolutely not someone he could fight against currently.

“That’s right, Liu Lei was killed by me.” Ye Qingyu nodded his head. “Not raising him well is the mistake of the father. To raise your son into such a calamity, he should have long been killed by someone else. He brought his thugs to kill me, and was instead killed by me instead. He deserved it.”

“Hahaha, you say he deserved it.” Liu Yuancheng began chuckling madly.

The laughter filled with sorrow and rage echoed throughout the icy cave.

“Today, I will kill you ten thousand times and make you beg for life and death. I will make you regret that you have ever arrived to this world.” Liu Yuancheng was like an enraged old lion.

Ye Qingyu had a faint smile. “If you want revenge, then just come. But this matter has nothing to do with the sentries. Let them go.”

“Childish.” Liu Yuancheng was a like a cat playing with a mouse, coldly sneering. “Why are you pretending to be a hero in front of me? Rotten retard! Would I let them live and allow them to become witnesses who will attest against me? Everyone that is with you today needs to die too. You tell me to let them go, but I’ll instead slaughter them all. I’ll make you watch their death with your own eyes.”

Saying this, he casually swiped his arm.

An azure yuan qi surged out. Like an explosion of thunder, it exploded towards Yan Fan.

A terrible yuan qi fluctuation.

Ye Qingyu had a scare, his figure flashing. Blocking in front of Yan Fan, both his fists struck out.

At this moment, the full power of Ye Qingyu exploded. The meridian around his back swelled, the bones and flesh shuddering. As if nine enormous dragons were migrating, there were the faint roars of dragons inside his body. His fist struck out, an uninterrupted snarl that met the azure lightning.

This was the most powerful strike that Ye Qingyu could produce.

Boom!

The green lighting was forcefully dispersed by this attack.

“Puk… Chi!”

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth and spat out a jet of blood. He was shaking as he flew back, landing on an ice wall ten meters of away. Accompanied by the sound of the impact, the ice walls collapsed. Half of Ye Qingyu’s body was covered.

“Superior?”

“Protect the superior!”

The sentries frantically ran towards Ye Qingyu, uncovering Ye Qingyu from the ice.

Ye Qingyu’s face was deathly pale, a scarlet red trace of blood on the corner of his lips. He could feel an acute and persisting pain in his body. His muscles and bones had gone soft and he had nearly lost all sensation in his body. He did not even have the energy to stand up anymore. This was especially so for his internal organs. As if it had been burnt by a scorching flame, it was so painful that Ye Qingyu could see golden stars.

“The inner organs have gotten displaced again before it could recover… this will not end well.”

Ye Qingyu dripped cold sweat.

“So your body was suffering an injury already, hahahaha…” After a slight surprise, Liu Yuancheng began laughing madly. “It really is according to Heaven’s will. It seems likely that today is the day that you are fated to die in my hands.”

Ye Qingyu coldly snorted, struggling to stand up.

But his legs crumbled, the pain in his body making him nearly faint. He was not even able to stand stably.

“Ahaha, look at your crippled appearance. You still want to do battle with me?” Liu Yuancheng was venting the pent up wrath, feeling pleasure in this moment.

He had a face of contempt as he said, “I have seen far too many geniuses. After becoming dominant for a while, they don’t realize how high the Heavens are or how deep the Earth is and want to fight. But in the eyes of the older generation, they won’t even know how they died in their final moments. In Deer City, I have already endured for so many days. No matter how high your tail is raised, you will ultimately die in my hands.”

Ye Qingyu spat out a goblet of blood, biting his teeth and forcefully activating his inner yuan.

But in an instant, he could feel that the inner yuan in his body was in complete disarray, hard to control. Like steel needles, not the slightest degree of strength could be mustered by him.

“I’ll cover. Protect the superior, quickly go.”

Yan Fan placed Ye Qingyu on the back of one of the sentries. He himself madly screamed, unsheathing his long blade and charging towards Liu Yuancheng.

The sentries were blank for a moment, then let out a grievous roar. Without the slightest delay, they carried Ye Qingyu and left in the closest passageway.

“Old Yan, take care of yourself.”

“Boss Fan, we will still be brothers in the next life.”

The other sentries did not turn their heads as they loudly screamed. They followed the armoured sentry into the corridors of the ice cave.

On their faces were steaming hot tears.

Each of them was clear that the moment they turned around, they would say an eternal farewell.

But turning and fleeing at the first instance was not because they feared for their lives.

As a soldier, sometimes there were times where you needed to do things more terrifying than death.

Yan Fan’s final strike was like a moth rushing to the flame. The reason he did this was to struggle for ten breaths of time, to allow them to bring Ye Qingyu safely away.

This tacit understanding that did not need prior planning was cultivated during these ten years of military life together.

The movements of the sentries were rapid and decisive. Even for an expert like Liu Yuancheng, he absolutely could not react. By the time he recovered, the four sentries had already carried Ye Qingyu into an ice passageway. In the blink of an eye, his figure could not be seen anymore…

Yan Fan, wielding the long blade, charged at him madly.

“Damn cripple, scram!”

Liu Yuancheng struck with his palm, yuan qi shooting out.

Green lightning tore apart space with a whistling sound.

Yan Fan completely could not evade before he was struck. The long blade in his hands was shattered, the broken blade exploding and embedding into his body. His figure was sent soaring away, and a palm print was shockingly evident on his chest. His body was nearly completely pierced through by this palm strike.

Liu Yuancheng silhouette was quick as electricity, rushing towards that icy corridor.

But the moment he lifted his feet, he abruptly felt something constraining his leg.

Lowering his head to look, he saw the Yan Fan who had not yet died completely. Once again, he had inconceivably thrown himself over. Both his arms were fiercely gripping the right leg of Liu Yuancheng, his facial features ferocious as he stalled for time.

“Idiot.”

Liu Yuancheng’s face darkened, his hand moving.

Boom!

The body of Yan Fan blew apart.

The light in the cave was particularly glaring to the eyes as the scarlet red blood and the white bones shattered and scattered in the ice cave.

But even if so, the last complete arm of this head of the watch post was still tightly gripping onto the leg of Liu Yuancheng. As if it was made of steel, the fingers even tore apart the clothing.

“Unlucky.”

Liu Yuancheng cursed. His leg faintly quivered, and then this arm was also scattered into flesh and bones.

After this slight stalling of time, the sentries had already run to somewhere he could not see anymore.

“Hmph, let’s just see where you can escape to.”

Liu Yuancheng coldly sneered, activating his inner yuan, his figure like lightning. He chased after them, into the icy passageway that Ye Qingyu and the others had disappeared into.

……

“Let… Let me down.”

Ye Qingyu bit his teeth as he said these words.

He was enduring so that he did not shed tears.

In the moment that he saw Yan Fan dash out bravely with no thought to his own personal safety, Ye Qingyu was once again stunned by this leader of the sentries.

Even though they had only met for two days of time, but this was already not the first time that Ye Qingyu was astounded by these sentries. Without knowing why, Ye Qingyu could sense something special on the bodies of these soldiers that a normal person did not possess. Every time, it was able to give him a humongous impact.

“Superior, as long as the green mountain is still present, there is no need to worry about there not being enough firewood.” The armoured sentry gripped Ye Qingyu tightly.

The group did not tarry in the slightest

The terrain of the ice cave was tangled and complicated. Furthermore, the surface of the ground was also very slippery. Certain parts of the corridor were completely like a slide. The sentries carrying Ye Qingyu directly slid through the icy terrain.

The rough and frantic breathing of the others, sounded in this silent and icy cave.

They did not know where the end of the ice cave was. They also did not know whether there was a path in front of them.

But evidently at this time, this was not the moment to ponder such questions.

The first thing they needed to do was to escape the chase of Liu Yuancheng.

Otherwise, everything would be wasted.

Ye Qingyu struggled several times to get down from the back of the armoured sentry.

But the acute pain in his inner organs, made him unable to move. Originally his wounds were about to recover. But after receiving the strike of Liu Yuancheng, injury had stacked upon injury. It made his situation even more serious. He had basically lost all his ability to do battle.

Approximately ten minutes later.

The air in the corridor had already gradually began to turn thin.

This naturally formed underground labyrinth was as if it would never reach an end.

Another ten minutes later.

In front of then, a small scale space like that of a large stone house appeared.

In the walls of this space, there were tens of holes that were approximately two or three meters wide. It was so deep that one could not see the bottom. It was unknown where these holes led to.

It was another honeycomb-like area.

The sentries slightly caught their breath in this icy area. A sentry soundlessly gave out several hand signals, and a faint smile was seen on the face of this sentry. Waving to the other people, he entered one of the icy holes, stopping two or three meters within the icy hole.

And the armoured sentry and his other companions, carried Ye Qingyu. They chose another icy corridor, rapidly entering deeply.

Ye Qingyu at this time, had already entered in a pseudo state of unconsciousness.

……

A short while later, the figure of Liu Yuancheng came. Like the reaping Death god, he finally arrived in this honeycomb-like ice area.

After sweeping his gaze around this environment, he hesitated slightly. He did not think that so many passageways would appear.

As he was about to closely observe and enter into one of the divergent corridors, he saw something. Abruptly, in the corner of his eyes he could see something flashing in one of the passageways to the left… Liu Yuancheng shouted loudly. Without taking more time to think deeper, his figure transformed into a streak of light that chased towards the flash in that passageway.

“Just where are you running out, quickly scram out.”

His eyes were able to discern that the figure running was namely one of the sentries. Liu Yuancheng was delighted.

But in this corridor, the ice floor was far too slippery He did not dare to put any force at all into his footsteps. Otherwise, if he managed to vibrate the icy walls enough, the entire passageway of the icy cave could collapse. In this icy cave that extended who knows how deep underground, if it was destroyed then even he himself would be hard pressed to escape a sure death.

Because of this apprehension, during the rapid chase of Liu Yuancheng, there was no method that he could use to capture the sentry that was escaping and sliding away like a mouse.

“Looking to die!”

Liu Yuancheng became impatient.

After chasing for ten breaths of time, the sentry that was frantically escaping in front of him suddenly halted.

The distance between the two shortened constantly.

There was no longer any path left in the corridor. It had reached the end.

“Haha, why do you not run?” Liu Yuancheng pressed closer and closer, taking step after step forward. “Where’s the others? Where did Ye Qingyu go?”

The sentry turned back, looking at Liu Yuancheng

He was breathing roughly, sweat dampening his entire body. He had activated his inner yuan fully to escape, but in the end he was not Liu Yuancheng’s opponent.

But seeing the person whose strength was greater than him by who knows how many times, seeing this major player whose status was more prestigious than him many times over, the countenance of the soldier very quickly calmed down.

He stood silently where he was. Facing the enraged Liu Yuancheng, there was not the slightest trace of fear. In his eyes, there was only contempt and mockery. With both hands on his waist, he began chuckling loudly.

“What are you laughing at? You are asking to die! Quickly speak! Where are they?” Liu Yuancheng felt that something was not quite right.

“Why don’t you guess.” The sentry winked.

Liu Yuancheng was taken aback.

And at this time, a bizarre energy abruptly broke out from within the body of the sentry. As if it was the eruption of a volcano that could not be halted, it exploded.

Boom!

Self-destruct.

Blood and flesh flew, white bone shattering.

A terrifying energy exploded towards all directions, bursting towards Liu Yuancheng.

Liu Yuancheng waved his hand, green yuan qi activating. Like a forcefield, it rebounded the fragments of white bones that shot towards to him.

“You deserve to die.” Liu Yuancheng was both shocked and angry.

He was not an idiot. He very quickly understood that he had fallen into their scheme.

The sentry had led him here, and the others must have brought Ye Qingyu to escape into another corridor.

However, as he was angry, Liu Yuancheng also felt a deep unrest and shock.

He had occupied a high position for a very long time. In normal days, he would often interact with the elegant high class nobilities, and he had seen many geniuses in his time. Because his eyes were higher than the crown of his head, low class martial artists and soldiers were an existence that did not enter into his consideration at all.

In the eyes of Liu Yuancheng, these soldiers were like ants. Stupid and vulgar, extremely dirty, they only possessed a cheap life. They were only something of value if they could be of use to him.

But today, he witnessed these low class martial artists that he looked down on, surprising him. Time and time again, they made him return without any achievement whatsoever.

Liu Yuancheng could not help but admit that even he was moved.

The lowly soldiers that in his eyes were not even worth a single ounce would show such bravery. They did not fear death in the slightest.

He stood where he was, silent for ten breaths of times. Then he returned to the original route.

Very quickly, he once again returned to that honeycomb-like room.

Amongst the tens of icy corridors, after a detailed examination, he finally discovered some traces of Ye Qingyu and the others. He continued to chase on.

……

An hour later.

A similar incident occurred yet again.

“Speak, just where had Ye Qingyu gone?” Liu Yuancheng had chased the sentry to where he had nowhere else he could go.

“Peh.” The sentry spat out a mouthful of saliva, unsheathing the long blade at his waist. His face was ferocious as he charged forwards and he swung his blade through the air.

Liu Yuancheng faintly swiped his arm across.

A ray of green yuan qi struck out like thunder.

The long blade in the hands of the soldier shattered. His figure was sent flying back, landing on the ice wall. Every bone in his body shattered into who knows how many pieces.

“Speak, and I’ll give you a quick death. If you don’t say, I’ll make you have a fate worse than death.”

Liu Yuancheng was enraged to the extreme. The sinister light in his eyes was flickering. His entire person was like a volcano that was about to erupt, gloomy and dreadful.

“Haha, hahaha…” The soldier laid in the pool of his own blood. He could not move in the slightest, but he emitted a forced laugh. “Come, come, come, come and try. Whatever method you have, just try it. Let’s see if your grandfather I will let out even a single sound to beg for mercy.”

Liu Yuancheng was enraged.

Lifting his hand, a powerful yuan qi surged out. In a split second, it turned everything below the sentry’s waist into meat paste.

Who would have guessed that the sentry did not even look. He lay silently on the ground, a faint smile on his face as he looked at the arch of the icy ceiling. He said in a low voice, “Brother Yan, wait for me under there. Don’t make me lonely on the yellow river road…”

Liu Yuancheng was taken aback.

His fingers flicked out.

A gust of wind rushed out, piercing through the head of the sentry’s head.

Ultimately, he had given the sentry a painless death.

Because through such a demonstration, Liu Yuancheng already understood that the sentry had long embraced death. Even if he used the cruelest of tortures on his body, it was no use. It was just a waste of time.

Apart from being angered, in the depths of Liu Yuancheng’s heart, he was ultimately somewhat impressed by these lowly soldiers.

“Just what kind of method did Ye Qingyu use, that these soldiers would be so hell bent on saving him?”

Liu Yuancheng could not understand.

He turned and left in another corridor.

…… ……

“Who are you?”

Ye Qingyu looked at the black-robed man in front of him.

He had finally recovered slightly, and could barely walk.

And beside him, there was only the armoured sentry left.

Previously, to delay the chase of Liu Yuancheng, they had volunteered to stay behind. Time and time again, they had diverted Liu Yuancheng. This held no difference to staying and dying.

Ye Qingyu once again hated the pain of being so weak.

He had long regarded these sentries like his family.

But he was forced to watch as they were slaughtered, with nothing he could do.

Strong!

I need to become powerful.

Ye Qingyu had never wished for power like he did now.

But first, he had to live on.

He endured his sorrow, not turning around to attack Liu Yuancheng. With the support of the last armoured sentry, he had finally escaped from this place.

Who would have thought that a black-robed person would appear and block his path.

“Who are you?” Ye Qingyu asked.

“A person that has always been very interested in you.” The voice of the black-robed person was so low, that it was as if it came from his chest. But unquestionably, his strength was terrifying. It was tens of times greater than Liu Yuancheng, because Ye Qingyu was able to feel a suffocating pressure he had never experienced before.

This was a terrifying expert.

And he was an enemy and not a friend.

“So you’ve managed to escape to here. to protect you, the little ants have really all died. A pity, ‘the ordinary man is innocent, but treasuring a jade ring can become a crime.” The black-robed man cackled, stretching out his hand. “Fine, hand it over.”

Ye Qingyu was blank. “Hand what over?”

“If you hand over the treasure on you, I could possibly not kill you. I’ll give you a chance to live on.” The black-robed man laughed strangely. “If you can escape from the chase of Liu Yuancheng, then you can live on.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 122:


Chapter 122 – Human Pill

“First let him go.”

Ye Qingyu pointed towards the armoured sentry next to him.

The black-robed figure gave an indifferent gesture. “Sure.” Again to the armoured sentry. “Fine, you can scram now.”

The armoured sentry hesitated, looking towards Ye Qingyu.

“Go.” Ye Qingyu let out a bitter chuckle. “Brother, you must live on to let the others know, just what has happened in the fifty sixth watch post. Proclaim the fearless deeds of brother Yan Fan and the others to everyone. Make them know just what is the dignity and honour of the sentries.”

The gaze of the armoured sentinel hesitated for a brief moment.

But in the next split second, his gaze once again became determined yet again.

“No, I cannot go.” The armoured sentry straightened his body, unsheathing the standard long blade at his waist. Blocking in front of Ye Qingyu, he said in a determined voice, “Big brother Yan told me to protect superior. Even if I die, I cannot even retreat one step. And as for the dignity and honour of the sentries, this is fought for using blades and spears and not by announcing. As long as we are able to achieve it, even if no one else knows, we can have a clear conscience.”

Ye Qingyu immediately had no words to say.

The black-robed figure remained quiet as he watched this scene.

He was not impatient, nor did he hurry them.

Evidently from his perspective, everything was already in his control and within his grasp. After waiting for so many days, he was not impatient about this little delay.

“Just what kind of treasure do you want?” Ye Qingyu looked at the black-robed figure. After thinking, he summoned the [Little Shang sword], the autumn water of the blade brightening up the dim environment of the cave. There was a strange chill. Ye Qingyu took a step forward. “This sword? Fine, I’ll give it to you.”

The black-robed man let out a short laugh. “A poor Spirit weapon. How could it enter my eyes?”

Ye Qingyu thought for a while, then brought out the glutton Big Head from within his chest. “Could it be him?”

The silly dog silently lay on Ye Qingyu’s palm. It seemed as if Big Head had eaten too much. He seemed to have entered a state of deep hibernation.

The black-robed man remained silent for a short time.

Then in his voice, became somewhat angered, “Ye Qingyu, my patience is extremely limited. Don’t use such a stupid method, to provoke my bottom line time and time again.”

Ye Qingyu stuffed Big Head back into his chest.

After thinking for a while, he finally understood just what the black-robed man had came for.

After hesitating for a brief second , he summoned the Bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart] from his sea of consciousness. Placing it in his hand, “Fine, this should be what you have been wanting. Take it away, but, I need you to save him.” Ye Qingyu pointed at the armoured sentry beside him.

He very much did not want to part with it.

But there was no other way.

Ye Qingyu knew the full value of this Bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart] – it held practically no difference from a legendary martial storehouse. Ye Qingyu had already benefited greatly by only unlocking a tiny part of the contents. By handing over this Bronze book, perhaps it was tantamount to giving up the opportunity to become a peerless expert.

Because of his situation, even if Ye Qingyu would die, he needed to fight for it.

Even if he died, he would absolutely not hand over the Bronze book.

But right now, next to him, there was still the armoured sentry.

The sentries had already sacrificed too much for him. Ye Qingyu did not wish for anyone else to die for him.

But—

“Hahaha, are you pretending to be crazy.” The black-robed figure began to shake with a low laugh. Within the laughter, there was a type of omen contained within that seemed to signal the eruption of a volcano. “It seems like my manner was too friendly, that you would dare to act so recklessly. This is the last time I will ask. Will you hand it over or not?”

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

Could it be this black-robed figure did not come for the Bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart]?

However, apart from these items on his body, could there be any other objects that could be counted as ‘treasures’?

The armoured sentry also stared with shock at Ye Qingyu.

He did not understand why he would tell the other party to take away his treasure when he was obviously empty handed.

Could he be intentionally playing with and teasing the black-robed figure?

But no matter in what situation, superior Ye was the one in the right. Since he was the owner of the heroic military medal, then even if he sacrificed his life to protect him, it was worth it. Because every soldier understood what the military medal represented. To be able to obtain a military medal, at the very least they had done a great deed like saving an army of tens of thousands in number and turning the tide of battlefield. Just for this point alone, was enough for any soldier to feel that it was worth dying for.

And at this time, the armoured sentry did not feel nervous anymore.

He deeply breathed in, gathering energy, making preparations for his last battle.

“Just what kind of treasure do you want?” Ye Qingyu waved the Bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart] in his hand, angrily saying.

The black-robed man did not reply.

A shred of black yuan qi fluctuation began to surge out from within his body.

A terrifying aura made Ye Qingyu and the armoured sentry sense suffocation. They could not gather the intention to resist at all

“It seems like you won’t cry until you see the coffin.” The black-robed man advanced step by step.

Ye Qingyu was enraged, about to say something, when a ray of light flashed in his mind. He turned to look over at the armoured sentry, then looked at the expression of the black-robed figure, suddenly realizing an inconceivable fact—

They could not see the Bronze book.

No wonder.

The moment Ye Qingyu had summoned the Bronze book, he had already made the preparations to let it go. He did not imagine that such a result would occur.

The secrets on the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] were really far too many. It seems right now, only he was able to see it. Apart from himself, even experts like the black-robed man apart from not seeing it, he could not even sense its existence.

This should have been a great and positive discovery.

He did not have to worry about the Bronze book being stolen away in the future.

But right now, this was absolutely a great misfortune.

The black-robed figure could not see the Bronze book, and thought Ye Qingyu was playing with him. Under his rage, he was about to rise and attack.

What should he do?

Ye Qingyu began to panic.

The next instant, the armoured sentry had already made Ye Qingyu’s choice for him.

“Die!”

This sentry let out a low bellow, both hands gripping his long blade. Like a cheetah that slunk out, he charged towards the black-robed man.

“Superior, quickly run,” the sentry madly screamed.

Ye Qingyu did not run.

Because the strength of the black-robed was far too powerful. He could not escape at all.

“Jie Jie Jie Jie…” A gloomy owl-like hoot of laughter sounded. The black-robed figure only lightly flicked his sleeve, then the armoured sentry was as if he was struck by a battering ram. He spurted with blood as he soared backwards. Every inch of the long blade had shattered, and there were constant sounds of bones fracturing and breaking within his body. In his entire skeleton, there was already likely not to be one intact bone within.

Ye Qingyu loudly exhaled, stretching his hand out and catching the armoured sentry.

“Superior…” The sentry was having his last moment of lucidity prior to his death. A faint and calm smile was on his face. “I did not lose the face of brother Yan and the others. I protected… the dignity of the sentries and… and glory.”

Ye Qingyu hissed through his teeth with sorrow, hatred and madness.

He hated the fact that this sentry was on the cusp of his death, but he did not possess the power to change anything.

“Superior… I… I have a little brother, in Youyan Pass… called… called… Ye Congyun, He… he…” As the sentry said this, two jets of blood suddenly spat from his mouth. The inner organs in disarray was shattering, and his body began twitching.

Ye Qingyu understood the meaning in his words.

“Rest assured, when I reach Youyan Pass, I will definitely find him. I will definitely protect him. You can rest assured… I swear.” Ye Qingyu made an oath, fighting against the mourning in his heart.

The armoured sentry passed away.

He was the youngest sentry in the group.

To do his duty, to protect his honour, he had died.

Ye Qingyu embraced the young corpse, speechless for a while. Then he abruptly howled to the heavens. Black hair badly standing up, the inner yuan flowing in his body madly activated. Withstanding the pain like being stabbed by ten thousand needles, he madly charged towards the black-robed figure…

The black-robed figure flicked his hands.

Boom!

An explosion sounded to his ears.

Ye Qingyu could feel a burst at the pit of his stomach and a sweetness at the back of his throat. His entire body flew out.

This was his last conscious thought.

Then he fainted.

…… ……

Who knows how long after.

Ye Qingyu gradually awakened.

His body was as if it was bathed in hot spring, a warm sensation constantly able to be felt. There was a hard to describe comfortable feeling, as if he had once again returned to the amniotic fluids of his mother. This was a natural sensation, profound and mysterious. At this moment, Ye Qingyu could hardly describe it.

He struggled to shake his head, to allow his thoughts to become clearer.

What had happened?

Just where was this place?

Was I not killed by the black-robed man?

Ye Qingyu was filled with questions.

The surroundings were completely dark, and he himself was as if was immersed in some sort of liquid. This feeling was extremely bizarre.

I did not die?

Could I be saved by someone?

What made him even more shocked was that his injuries seemed to be almost fully recovered. His inner organs were not painful anymore and his inner yuan flowed much more smoothly.

At this time—

“Haha, you’ve awakened?”

A familiar voice was transmitted into his ears.

It was the voice of the black-robed man.

Ye Qingyu shivered, suddenly realizing that he had over-simplified matters.

“Just where I am?” Ye Qingyu loudly screamed.

He discovered, that his hands and feet could not move in the slightest.

The liquid in this space had a bizarre and horrifying pressure that fixed him stably in this place. There was a sensation like sitting and meditating.

“Don’t be afraid, you are in a very safe place right now.” In the voice of the black-robed man, there was a ridicule that made one quiver. “A little mouse like you is not honest in the slightest. Since you won’t hand over the treasure on you, then I can only switch to a different method to deal with you.”

Ye Qingyu felt his blood run cold.

“I did not think, I did not think, I really did not think that a little brat like you has the rare [Holy Body of the Dragon’s Blood]. In your body, there is the blood of the holy dragon flowing within. Hahaha, the [Holy Body of the Dragon’s Blood], has already been extinguished for thousands of years, to be found by me. This is really an unexpected and pleasant surprise.” The voice of the black-robed man had excitement and delight contained within.

“[Holy Body of the Dragon’s Blood]? Just what is that? In my body, just why would there be the blood of the holy dragon?”

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt somewhat nonplussed and confused.

He continued to hear the mad laughter of the black-robed man as he continued speaking, “As the saying goes, ‘to lose at sunrise, but gain at sunset’*. Haha, Heaven is not treating me too badly. Haha, not being able to obtain the treasure is fine. After I have refined you into a [Human Pill] and ingest this pill, this can add five hundred years to my longevity. It will be enough for me to recover my youthful vigour. Haha, this is an opportunity that is even rarer than any treasure!

The delighted chuckle of the black-robed man resounded from all directions.

Then Ye Qingyu suddenly felt a brightness above his head.

Light shined in.

The excited and sinister smile of the black-robed man appeared from above him.

Borrowing the light, Ye Qingyu carefully observed. He discovered that he was confined within a two-person tall ancient copper cauldron.

*compensated for his earlier loss

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 123:


Chapter 123 – The Fourth Spirit Spring

On the lid of the brass cauldron that was one meter in diameter, there were indistinct engravings of birds and animals. They should be organisms of the distant past. The decorative design fluctuated with a strange beauty, whirling and rotating, floating above the cauldron and letting out strange “chi, chi” sounds.

The pill cauldron that Ye Qingyu was located in was copper in colour, flickering and glimmering with the light.

His entire body was stuffed in the pill cauldron.

The space inside the pill cauldron was exceedingly spacious, but there was a pale yellow liquid within the inside of the cauldron. Everything below Ye Qingyu’s head was immersed in this body of liquid. There was a sensation similar to that of being prepared inside a medicinal wine.

It was unknown as to just what exactly the pale yellow liquid was. The liquid seemed to emit a faint fragrance. If one examined carefully, the yellow water seemed to be composed of all kinds of different ingredients with the discernible smell of Spirit herbs and precious medicines contained within.

“Haha, I understand now. It seems like the outside world has been misled. The reason that you were in the spotlight during the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], was not because you had a treasure on your body, but because of the [Holy Body of the Dragon’s Blood].” The voice of the black-robed man that came from outside the cauldron held a hard to disguise excitement. “But this is even better. For me, to refine a holy body of the Human Race into a [Human Pill] is absolutely much better than whatever treasure, hahaha…”

Ye Qingyu struggled for a moment.

His body quivered, but it was hard to break through the strange energy constraining him.

But it caused the pale yellow liquid to splash about, with some entering his mouth that caused him to choke…

“Haha, don’t hurry. It needs a total of nine days for the pill to be created. If your will is determined enough, then you can last for another six or seven days at least. Haha.” The voice of the black-robed man seemed incomparably sinister. “Don’t fear, the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] within the cauldron is made from forty-nine different types of Spirit herbs. It absolutely could be counted as a rare treasure. Did you know that for a normal person to obtain even a drop of this divine liquid they have to pay a huge price? Right now, I am submerging your entire body inside. This can be counted as your good fortune, hahaha!”

Very quickly, Ye Qingyu was able to sense the inner temperature of the cauldron beginning to rise.

The yellow [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] began to emit a pale golden radiance, escaping from the gap at the top of the cauldron.

The medicinal fragrance inside the cauldron became more and more concentrated.

Ye Qingyu could not move in the slightest.

But when he swallowed in the fragrance emitting from the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] he would have a feeling where he felt peaceful and at ease. The injuries inside his body were recovering at a noticeable speed. The hidden injuries in his flesh and bones began to disappear and the inner yuan that was in disarray gradually began to stabilize.

Ye Qingyu’s heart moved.

He did not resist anymore, silently practicing the nameless breathing technique, breathing in and out. He began absorbing the medicinal power of the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] of his own initiative.

He would first treat his injury, then think of a way to escape.

The yellow lid of the cauldron rotated, whirling and spinning like a golden disk. The patterns of the birds and beasts already had no way to be seen. The golden dense mist did not have a way of surging out of the cauldron through the lid anymore. Instead, the steam rotated along with the lid, vaguely turning into a chaotic state. As more and more gathered below the lid of the cauldron, it once again condensed and returned to within the cauldron.

Perhaps it was because his mood was good, but the black-robed man said many things.

“I originally came to Deer City for another matter. Who would have guessed that matter would not succeed, but instead I would discover an unexpected harvest like you…” The black-robed man could not disguise his excited countenance.

With his age and experience, to lose his composure and become so excited, one was able to determine just how valuable the [Human Pill of Dragon Blood] was

“Haha, do you feel your entire body is in a great state right now, and that your injuries are very quickly recovering?”

“This is because the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] is healing your injuries and changing the composition of your body. Haha, did you know, to distill and create this [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid], I have spent an entire hundred years of time. I’ve gone over mountains and rivers to gather the needed ingredients for this medicinal formula. Originally, it was intended to extend my life, but this time it will benefit a little brat. Haha!”

“I guess what you’re doing right now is that you’re doing your best to absorb the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] to recover from your injuries and raise your strength? You want to escape from the cauldron, is that correct?”

“Don’t dream. The [Cloud Top Cauldron] is something that I obtained fifty years ago from the excavating lands within an ancient relic. The wonders are endless. There has never been anything that is able to escape from the copper cauldron. Just give up. It is only through relying on the [Cloud Top Cauldron] that I received the outstanding title of the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix]. “

The black-robed man seemed as if he had suddenly transformed into a chattering machine, incessantly speaking.

Ye Qingyu was immediately taken aback.

“[Pill King of Azure Phoenix]? You are the Elder Chen that brought the expedition party from Azure Phoenix Academy to White Deer Academy?” Ye Qingyu opened his mouth and asked his question.

The black-robed figure voice suddenly halted in his monologue.

After a short while, he abruptly began laughing crazily. “What does it matter if you know, as you are very quickly going to become a dead person. That’s right, I am the Chen Moyun of Azure Phoenix Academy. Since you now know my name, then you can give up honestly, and die as a ghost that understands everything. This can be counted as your fortune.”

Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

The [Pill King of Azure Phoenix], Chen Moyun, really was a famous and glorious title.

It was said that this person not only possessed great strength but he was also a high class pill master. It was said that his skills in refining pills had reached perfection and he had a vast circle of friends. He held great prestige amongst the ten academies. Many experts of the Bitter Sea stage had once begged him to refine pills for them. Within the Azure Phoenix Academy, his status was even higher than those that possessed greater strength than him.

The reputation of this person was extremely high.

Who would have thought, that he would perform such a deed here.

Hon Kong had once reminded Ye Qingyu, that if he decided to go to Azure Phoenix Academy, he must be wary of Elder Chen. It seems like Hon Kong should have discovered something about Elder Chen. Ye Qingyu had rejected the offer to go to Azure Phoenix Academy, and originally thought he would have no interaction with this person. Who would have thought that this Chen Moyun would be so malicious and crafty, to have sneakily followed his tracks.

At this time, countless thoughts flashed by in Ye Qingyu’s mind.

But very quickly, he understood that now was not the time to ponder such matters. Immediately he concentrated, not paying attention to outside matters anymore. Activating the nameless breathing technique, he did his best to recover from his wounds.

Time passed by quickly.

In the blink of an eye, one day and one night had already passed.

The temperature of the copper cauldron became extremely high.

The [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] had completely boiled, gurgling and surging. The golden stream it emitted became more and concentrated. Within the space of the cauldron, nothing could be seen anymore.

The clothes on Ye Qingyu had already been completely dissolved. He was naked as he was bathed in this boiling divine liquid.

Thankfully, with the toughness of his current physical body, it was not too big a problem to resist against this kind of temperature.

And at this time, Ye Qingyu’s wounds had already fully recovered.

He attempted to break past the seal of the cauldron and escape out of the pill cauldron, but he was not successful.

The seal of the pill cauldron was far more terrifying than what Ye Qingyu had imagined.

“What can I do? Could it really be that I will die here?”

Ye Qingyu’s brain quickly flickered.

“No matter what, I must live on.” At this moment, Ye Qingyu thought of very many people. Familiar face after familiar face flashed by in his mind.

He thought of his parents long asleep in the ground. He thought of the last words of his father, telling him to go to the royal court of Snow Country to take back something that belong to him. He thought back to the death of his parents, that the truth had not yet been discovered behind their deaths. He thought back to the deathly pale face of the little loli Song Xiaojun and the smile of the sword immortal Wang Jianru. He thought of Yan Fan and the sentries that had charged forward without any complaints…

His originally hesitant heart, in this process, slowly became more and more determined.

Even if not for himself, but for the people who died for him, for the people who would miss him, he must live on.

Ye Qingyu’s heart gradually became clear.

He did not think muddled thoughts anymore, concentrating fully. Using the nameless breathing technique, he continued to absorb the medicinal power of the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid], transforming it into yuan qi that nourished him. His inner yuan, under the medicinal power of the liquid and the cauldron, incessantly continued to rise…

In the blink of an eye, another day had passed.

In total, Ye Qingyu had been cooking within the cauldron for a total of two days and two nights.

A little more than a quarter of the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] in the pill cauldron had already been absorbed by him.

Within the dantian world in his body, clouds and mist was surging. The fourth [Yuan Qi Kindling] had already reached a state of completion. Ye Qingyu borrowed the power of the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] within the cauldron to open the fourth Spirit spring…

Time passed second by second.

Ye Qingyu’s consciousness, completely became immersed within the world in his dantian.

He did not know just how much time had passed.

Boom!

A yuan qi spring, in a split second soared through the skies from the yellow sands in his dantian world. Like a jade dragon water pillar, it snaked through the air. Ultimately, it transformed into a large swathe of yuan qi rain that crashed down, nourishing the desert thousands of meters around it.

The fourth Spirit spring.

Success!

This was far sooner than the time Ye Qingyu had originally estimated.

After careful consideration, this should be due to the [Cloud Top Cauldron] as well as the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid]— especially the latter. The liquid contained a large quantity of the essence of herbs and medicines. It was absorbed by Ye Qingyu into his body and transformed into yuan qi energy. Therefore, in such a short amount of time, he was able to reach the requirements to excavate the fourth Spirit spring.

Entering the stage of the four Spirit spring had raised Ye Qingyu’s power to an entirely different level.

An extremely powerful feeling coalesced around Ye Qingyu.

He once again tried to break free from the restraints of the pill cauldron.

But he once again dejectedly found that the constraint was still effective. He still could not break apart the seal of the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. But his body was at least able to move a little. He was no longer in a state where he could not move and was in a meditative stance.

Ye Qingyu did not panic.

At this time, he activated the Bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart]

Every time he excavated a Spirit spring, the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] would appear and completely absorb the inner yuan. After purifying it, the Bronze book would return it. And after this process, new contents and pages would be unlocked in the ancient Bronze book. New techniques or objects would be provided.

The [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King] as well as the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General] were obtained by Ye Qingyu from the Bronze book.

This time, the reaction of the Bronze book was no different.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 124:


Chapter 124 – Soul Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron

In a split second, the ancient Bronze book activated and flickered with light. Like previous times, it began madly absorbing Ye Qingyu’s inner yuan with extreme speed. Ye Qingyu was nearly completely sucked dried by the Bronze book. In only a few seconds’ time, Ye Qingyu’s inner body was in a bizarre state of near dehydration.

To establish again after destruction.

Ye Qingyu struggled to maintain his consciousness. He waited for the repayment of the Bronze book that would appear.

But this time, a slight change happened.

After ten minutes had passed, the expected repayment had still not manifested.

The Bronze book was still sucking away the yuan power within Ye Qingyu’s body.

However, this type of absorption was evidently much slower and gentler than the previous times. It maintained a special rhythm, not exploding in an instant and turning Ye Qingyu into a dehydrated person.

Ye Qingyu did not become panicked.

Because he had already realized the reason why such a situation would appear. It was because the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] was constantly restoring the energy within his body by its medicinal properties. And the Bronze book seemed to be particularly interested in this energy, slowly absorbing it.

Ye Qingyu’s body, was as if it had become a point of conduit.

After passing through his body, the medicinal power of the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] entered into the Bronze book.

This type of process continued on for one day and night.

Then the Bronze book seem to grow tired of using this method to absorb the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid]. It stopped sucking the energy in. Tens of breaths later, there was an incomparably pure yuan qi that surged out from the Bronze book. In an instant, it had flowed throughout Ye Qingyu’s meridians and his bones and limbs. As if rivers returning to the sea, the streams converged in the desert of the dantian world and flowed into the four Spirit springs.

The long awaited repayment had finally occurred.

Ye Qingyu immediately became as lively as a tiger or a dragon.

This new power made him feel as if he was reborn.

Inner yuan fluctuated around his meridians and within his body. Ye Qingyu was immediately able to feel the pressure constraining him lessen by a large margin. He attempted to move his arms and legs and was finally able to stretch out his body within the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. His figure became much more relaxed.

But he was still trapped and could not escape.

The copper lid of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] had already fallen, sealing the entire pill cauldron.

A vast and deep energy enveloped the interior of the cauldron. This was especially so for the copper lid that was engraved with the images of birds and beasts. On the lid, there was a strange light pattern fluctuating, as if it was alive. It emitted a strange energy, as if it was the world itself. It gave a feeling that even if your strength was greater still, you would not be able to break apart this world.

Ye Qingyu attempted several times, but was not able to open the copper cauldron.

Dong!Dong!

There was suddenly the sound of someone knocking on the cauldron.

It was someone banging on the outside.

“How is it? Three days and three nights has already passed; could it be that you have already been refined to death?” The voice of the black-robed man came from outside.

At this time, Ye Qingyu was not particularly anxious, assuming the stance of a hoodlum and laughed in contempt. “I peh, you hypocrite that angles for fame. Slowly refine outside, even if you get tired to death, I won’t be smelted to death. If you have the abilities, then come inside and lets fight.”

There was a brief silence outside.

And then the voice of the black-robed man that seemed to be consumed by both fury and laughter sounded yet again. “Good, very good. It seems like you still have energy. These three days of time is just the appetizer. The next six days will be enough for you to suffer. At that time, I will wait for you to beg for my mercy.”

As he finished, he continued to maintain the cauldron and began the refinement process once again.

Ye Qingyu immediately sensed the temperature of the cauldron rapidly rising.

Even with Ye Qingyu’s current strength, he was able to feel a torrid heat that was hard to endure.

It was if he was bathed within lava.

The [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid], was once again absorbed by Ye Qingyu. There was only two thirds left behind.

Ye Qingyu could not think of a solution to his crisis at this very moment so he crisply decided to sit in a meditative position. Putting aside all distractions, he continued to train.

In the blink of an eye, another day had passed.

The [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] became more and more violent. Under the high temperature, a large quantity had already turned into gas. The liquid transformed into golden steam that coalesced within the pill cauldron.

Ye Qingyu did not have to spend any effort whatsoever to absorb the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid]. Just by inhaling and exhaling, there would be the purest herbal Spirit qi that entered into his body. At this moment, even every single pore on his body were absorbing the energy of the herbs.

Ye Qingyu had a feeling that he was about to become a medicinal human.

He had an illusion, that if a martial expert just took a bite out of him and ate a piece of his flesh, their strength would greatly increase.

“Haha, little thing, do you feel that your entire body is entirely free from injuries? How is the absorption of the energy from the medicine?” The voice of the black-robed man came from outside the cauldron, containing ridicule but also a wickedness. He said, “Obediently, quickly absorb all the remaining medicinal energy. Only then can I proceed on with the next step of the refinement, ahahahahah…”

“Old bastard, to want to refine me into a [Human Pill]. I fear you don’t have the appetite for it,” Ye Qingyu loudly yelled. “If you have the guts, then quickly do it.”

“Haha, when a dead duck is cooked, the beak is still hard… there will be a time when you will cry.” The black-robed man let out an angry grunt, not say anything anymore.

What he should be doing right now was doing his utmost to activate the cauldron for refinement with his inner yuan.

As expected, Ye Qingyu once again felt the inner temperature of the cauldron rapidly rising. This time, there was not much difference from being directly roasted on the fire.

“This bastard is really too malicious. His plan is to make me completely absorb the medicinal power of the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] and become a medicine man. Then he will refine me into a [Human Pill].” Ye Qingyu racked his brains for a solution. But right now, apart from using the medicinal liquid to raise his strength, he seemed to not have any other choice. He could only continue, and take things step by step.

Ye Qingyu resisted against the heat of the cauldron while he diverted another part of his consciousness to observe the interior of the cauldron.

He wanted to find something within the cauldron, some information that he could utilize.

Chen Moyun had obtained this cauldron named the [Cloud Top Cauldron] from ancient ruins. This meant that this cauldron was not created by his own hands. He may not have completely grasped and controlled the secrets of this cauldron. Perhaps there were some aspects that Chen Moyun had neglected that could be of use for Ye Qingyu.

He comforted himself just like this.

Ye Qingyu examined the walls of the cauldrons.

As expected, he very quickly discovered many engravings and images in the style of the far ancient ages. They were different from the birds and beasts engraved on the copper lid. These engravings were mainly about the different characters in the pictures as well as the narrative of a tale. There were also some strange characters inscripted on the walls that Ye Qingyu counted carefully. In total, there were a hundred and eight characters, tight and clustered. It made one feel slightly dizzy whenever one looked upon it.

There were eight pictures of diagrams where it mainly retold the tale of a person.

The rough story of the eight diagrams said, there were once some very powerful people. From the clap of thunder in the skies, they managed to harvest the heavenly fire which they used to refine pills. The pictures showed the process of them refining pills in the Ninth Heavens… this was somewhat ridiculous, mysterious and unimaginable.

Ye Qingyu pondered for a while. This [Cloud Top Cauldron] should be an autobiography of the first owner of the cauldron. He should have just been blowing his own trumpet.

Contrary to expectations, the lines of the diagram were simple, but it was exceedingly lifelike. It should be engraved from the hands of a grandmaster.

As time flowed on, this diagram seemed to come alive, swirling within the interior of the cauldron. The characters depicted on the walls seemed as if it would walk out from the pictures.

“The background of the cauldron is absolutely not simple.”

Ye Qingyu gloomily speculated, at this while his heart faintly palpitated. Previously, Chen Moyun had not used his full power to expedite the progress of the cauldron. Like making congee, he used a small flame to slowly stew contents. Once the medicinal power of the Hundred Grass Divine Liquid was completely absorbed by Ye Qingyu, it was extremely likely that this person would turn up the power of the flames.

Right now, he could only hope that this fellow as per his estimation, had not completely grasped the secrets of the cauldron.

Ye Qingyu surveyed the interior of the pill cauldron, especially the hundred and eight characters. He memorized the orders and sequence of these characters, beginning to translate and guess at the meaning held within. Ye Qingyu held a little knowledge in regards to the characters from the God and Devil Age and the Far Ancient Age. Previously, to clear up the mysteries of the Bronze book, he had completely searched through the martial library of White Deer Academy. Those neglected language scrolls that no one had noticed, he had read from start to finish.

The characters were complicated and profound. But if given enough time, Ye Qingyu believed that he could definitely understand the meaning held within.

“It seems like, mastering another language is quite important.” Demon King Ye laughed at himself in self-deprecating humour.

Because he did not need to cultivate to absorb the spirit energy within the medicinal liquid anymore, Ye Qingyu crisply decided to focus all of his attention in solving the contents of these characters.

Ye Qingyu had a sensation that made him feel that these characters would somehow be of use.

Time flew by.

In the blink of an eye, another two days had passed.

Ye Qingyu had finally managed to completely absorb the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] in the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Right now, just by opening his mouth, there would be a surge of spirit qi from the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] that gushed out.

Every cell in his body was as if it was completely stuffed with energy that was about to overfill. Ye Qingyu felt that his body was so full that it was not realistic anymore, like a balloon that had reached its limits. As long as someone blew another breath of air into him, as long as there was another shred of Spirit qi inserted into his body, his body would absolutely explode.

And as for the meaning of those hundred and eight characters, he had nearly completely deciphered it.

“This seems like a technique for refining tools and pills, it’s called… called… [Sole Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron]?”

Ye Qingyu carefully did his best to comprehend the characters.

There was only a short passage on the [Sole Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron]. But after a detailed consideration, this technique seemed to be all-encompassing. Ye Qingyu realized the meaning behind the characters, but the profoundness that it contained was too hard to comprehend in such a short time. After much thought, he felt a spell of faintness that made him unable to reason on.

And at that time—

Dong!Dong!Dong!

The walls of the pill cauldron were struck on again.

“Two days and two nights have passed without any noises whatsoever. Have you died yet? The [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] should have been completely absorbed. If my guess is not wrong, then you should not even have the strength to speak right now, isn’t that right?”

The vicious voice of the black-robed man could be heard.

Ye Qingyu did not reply straight away.

“Could it be that you have really died? This is just too disappointing, that you did not even manage to endure seven days. According to the Pill Mantra], if you are alive when you are being refined, then the [Human Pill] that is produced will have the greatest effect. But this is still fine, as long as it’s a [Human Pill] that is produced…” The voice of black-robed man continue to transmit from the outside.

Ye Qingyu was enraged. “Nonsense, your father I is still fine. You only have such method? This is just too disappointing…”

There was silence outside once again.

Then a flustered and exasperated voice could be heard. “Little trash. Good, good, good! You wait, I’ll very quickly make you cry…”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

