Chapter 1365:


Chapter 1378, Qilin

Given Ye Qingyu's present cultivation base, with one thought, he was able to dispel the illusion in front of him and force the demonic thing to reveal its true form.

It also obviously felt the fear, desperately struggled to break free, but also began to create a variety of illusions in an attempt to confuse Ye Qingyu. But at this time Ye Qingyu's consciousness was incredibly steady; it was no longer possible to capture the thoughts and mind of Ye Qingyu. The illusions naturally had no effect on Ye Qingyu.

“What kind of demonic thing is this?”

Ye Qingyu’s eyes filled with violet brilliance, saw through the red mist, and right to the core, where there was a blood-shadow dragon-like creature struggling frantically. It was precisely the true form of the demonic thing, but even with Ye Qingyu's experience and knowledge, it was not clear to him what kind of creature this blood shadow is.

Could it be a creature from the Immortal Domain?

Ye Qingyu could feel that the strength of this blood shadow creature was exceptionally strong, almost at the Sovereign realm. It was precisely because of this that Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui, who already reached the realm of the Martial Emperor were unable to stand against it. But why would a being with Sovereign realm strength be born on a fragment of the Immortal Domain was very puzzling. Logically speaking, the birth of a Martial Emperor should already be the peak, because the Sovereign realm was related to destiny.

Ye Qingyu operated the [Eyes of the Void] and observed carefully.

He found that on the blood shadow creature's body was not the slightest evil aura. Although it looked terrifying, the aura was in fact was extremely pure. There was an intense aura of immortality, and at the same time, on its body, Ye Qingyu felt a suspected familiar aura, which he seemed to have felt somewhere before.

What was even more bizarre was that Ye Qingyu found that this blood shadow creature did not seem to have too much intelligence, like a three- or five-year-old child, which did not seem to match its powerful strength.

“Could it be that the strength of natural spirits comes from innate talent, and not from practice, so it lacks intelligence?”

Ye Qingyu was puzzled.

However, this could also explain why Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi had survived for more than two thousand years in this Immortal World and not killed by this demonic thing. It appeared that this so-called demonic thing has a child-like mind, likes to play pranks and tricks, and did not actually have a murderous nature. It probably only wanted to tease Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi and not really kill them.

With all this in mind, Ye Qingyu had even greater interest in the demonic thing.

Because it may have something to do with the complete Immortal Domain.

At this moment, the White-boned Earth Dragon that had been very quiet all this time suddenly rushed up from the distance, looked at the imprisoned blood-coloured creature, eyes flashing intently, as he very impatiently said, “Master, I... there seems to be a blood-connection from this guy's body, it seems to be calling me...”

Ye Qingyu carefully observed, and indeed found that the blood shadow became more and more excited in seeing the appearance of Little Ten. It was emitting sharp cries and trying to struggle over to Little Ten's direction.

Little Ten tried to get closer, only to feel an unprecedented feeling in his body that was burning.

Ye Qingyu observed for a little longer before he removed the restriction.

Swoosh!

That blood shadow transformed into a blood arrow, shooting towards the direction of Little Ten.

Little Ten not only was unafraid, but released a long, joyous howl, before speeding over to the blood shadow.

The speed of the two was incredibly fast, but Ye Qingyu was still able to capture everything vividly with his eyes. He did not obstruct them, but carefully observed everything. The instant the blood shadow and Little Ten collided with a loud boom, the white body that Ye Qingyu had personally created was shattered into fine powder and drifted away. Little Ten's real body was also like a blood shadow, which instantly fused with that blood shadow.

A new force was born.

This moment, Ye Qingyu realized that the demonic blood shadow and Little Ten belong to the same origin, and are the same thing, which also explains why Little Ten felt that something was calling him in the ancient black castle. The reason he was so irritable and impatient was also because of the summoning and pounding of the power of origin.

And the reason the demonic blood shadow had low intelligence, like a child, perhaps is also because of the missing origin?



The reason why Little Ten's strength could not be improved for a long period of time despite Ye Qingyu's assistance was also perhaps because of this reason.

The absence of a complete origin, for both the demonic blood shadow and Little Ten, had a fatal effect.

But when they integrate into one?

What will happen?

Ye Qingyu continued to observe in anticipation.

Two balls of blood shadow, like yin and yang, like two black and white fishes, were constantly swimming, wandering and integrating. Great dao was evolving and developing in the middle. Given Ye Qingyu's present strength, under careful observation, he also vaguely received enlightenment and understanding.

Soon, the blood-coloured double fishes were fully fused together.

The blood began to move, like an invisible brush dipped in thick ink was making stroke after stroke, creating a living creature form in the sky. A lion's head, antlers, tiger's eye, moose body, dragon scales, ox tail... One by one, each body part was sketched out, very clearly——the blood mass was evolving and changing into a new creature.

Ye Qingyu was inwardly astonished.

Because he recognized what species this new creature is——

Qilin!

It turned out to be a pure blood red-flamed Qilin.

Like the true dragon, Qilin was also highly respected by the various clans and races in the Vast Thousand Star Domains. It was one of the mythological animals in legends. If the true dragon symbolizes strength and majesty, then Qilin are a symbol of good luck. Throughout the era of the Divine Light Emperor, dragons had been seen but very rarely were there Qilin.

Ye Qingyu also did not think that Little Ten's origin was the auspicious Qilin beast.

It should be said that in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, Little Ten was the culprit who devoured the life of the star domain, yet he was linked with the auspicious Qilin.

Roar!

The outline was completed, and a real red-flamed Qilin descended onto the world, emitting a resounding roar.

Around the Stone Peak, all spirits and beasts darted away, or stood shivering with fear, as though they sensed the arrival of the king.

“Master.” The Qilin spoke, came to stand before Qingyu, and bowed his head, rubbing his horn against Ye Qingyu's palm. The voice was exactly the same as the previous Little Ten. It was clear that in this integration of origin, the wisdom and consciousness of Little Ten had occupied the dominant position. He did not lose his previous memory following the integration of origin and the change in appearance.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1366:


Chapter 1379, Battle

Ye Qingyu did not expect to see such a change.

He realized that Little Ten was actually an auspicious Qilin beast, and most likely to be born in this Immortal World. It was most likely because of the split of this Immortal Domain that Little Ten separated with a part of his origin, possessed incomplete strength for thousands of years, and unable to progress further. At this time, Little Ten had transformed into the auspicious Qilin beast, both his power and aura had soared to the pinnacle of the Martial Emperor realm.

He believed that it wouldn’t be too long until Little Ten completely adapts to the strength of his body and blood memory, and before his strength soars once again.

The Qilin affectionately rubbed against Ye Qingyu's hands, cloud patterns were spreading out around his four hooves. It was his remarkable ability to travel through space. He carried Ye Qingyu on his back, like a stream of light, and flashed across the entire Immortal Domain, capturing everything in the space clearly with the eyes.

Ye Qingyu could feel that the clear and rich substance of Immortality in the Qilin's body was not the same as ordinary living beings. To some extent, in terms of the ranking of life, the Qilin was much superior, and perhaps not inferior to even the Little Silver who had transformed into a True Silver Dragon.

He was a little puzzled.

This small world of the Immortal Domain located on the top of the sword tower, and the Immortal Domain training area of the Guardian Royal City, although both contained substances of Immortality, but even if the two were combined, the area of the territory was still very small and not enough to form a star domain. Yet it could give birth to a Qilin beast composed of substance of immortality?

Could there be a bigger and more vast Immortal Domains besides these two smaller Immortal Worlds?

These two little worlds were just little fragments of the larger Immortal Domain?

Unfortunately, Ye Chonsheng had already disappeared completely with the departure of the Divine Light Emperor, and Ye Qingyu still had not fused with his memory, so it was now impossible to speculate what happened back then.

Ye Qingyu tried to ask Little Ten.

But Little Ten shook his head. He had no memory regarding this matter. It was only from the depths of the blood memory that he vaguely remembered some blurred scenes. He was born in a real vast world, endless and boundless, where the stars in such a world were as small as gravel and dust. However, the specific memory was difficult to recall.

Ye Qingyu knew that this was the blood imprint when Little Ten was born, which was rooted in the depths of his blood. Perhaps he can only recall this memory when he is fully grown up into an adult Qilin.

Ye Qingyu learnt that the complete Qilin beast possessed the remarkable ability of space control, illusions and engulf. Once grown into a complete body, he can soar to the dome of heaven, dive to the yellow spring, and split open any space to go to the places he desires. Adding to this, he could also read the mind of the millions of people in the world, and manipulate their minds with illusions. At the same time, he could also strengthen himself by devouring the opponent's power.

Once fully grown, the complete body of the Qilin can whizz across the universe unhindered.

Ye Qingyu traveled all over the small world of the Immortal Domain, his interest in the vast Immortal Domain that Little Ten mentioned grew stronger and stronger.

Suddenly, he felt something and came to an abrupt stop.

Little Ten stared at the empty space ahead, seemed to have sensed something, and emitted a low roar, showing a look of awe and fear.

In the void were light and shadows flickering.

A young man wielding a gold blade and silver sword, and a black-haired young man with a jade crown appeared.

“Sword-Saber Divine Emperor, the Emperor of Azeroth...” Ye Qingyu exclaimed. He originally wanted to find these two peerless existences, but unexpectedly they showed up here.

“Congratulations fellow cultivator on acquiring a Qilin Beast,” the Sword-Saber Divine Emperor Ding Hao said with a smile.

The Emperor of Azeroth, Sun Fei, was still smiling as he added, “This is the Qilin beast, it is not as good as my big black dog... It is unlike anything. Haha, fellow cultivator really has good luck. You have the True Dragon, and now the auspicious Qilin beast. Your luck is too good, I truly envy you.”

“I pay my respects to fellow cultivators.” Ye Qingyu bowed.

Back then, in the memory of Lan Tian, when he saw these two existences, he already felt his hear pounding with fear as well as a great pressure, but Ye Qingyu was no longer the same as before. His strength had soared to a great level, and had reached the Eternal Realm. Facing these two existences again, he was calm and indifferent, and there was only a faint pressure.

“Fellow cultivator has finally defeated the inner demon, and achieved the third symbol of the Four Symbols of the Heavenly Dao.” Sword-Saber Divine Emperor Ding Hao nodded. “Among the three of us, it is the most difficult for fellow cultivator to achieve what you have today. You have also sacrificed the most and experienced many tribulations. To get this far, it is indeed admirable.”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head slightly upon hearing this. He knew that Ding Hao thought of him and the Divine Light Emperor as one. It that were the case, then Ye Qingyu coould really be said to have been through tens of millions of years to get to this step. It indeed wasn’t easy, especially the inner demon, which almost caused eternal damage to the Divine Light Emperor.

“Oh... it's been exhausting waiting for you all... Unfortunately, the fourth symbl has not yet been born.” Sun Fei patted his mouth, yawning, eyes still fixed on the body of the Qilin beast. “A being that is truly born from this world, interesting, it seems that if we want to go to that world in the future, we just need to properly study this little guy.”

When he uttered the word ‘investigate’, the Qilin beast shuddered all over, as though he thought of something terrifying.

Ye Qingyu gently stroked Little Ten, comforting him, before asking, “The world fellow cultivator mentioned, what kind of world is it?”

“A truly detached world.” Sun Fei stated, “The Immortal Domain.” “

“Immortal Domain?” Ye Qingyu immediately realized that Sun Fei was referring to the blurry and vast world imprinted in the blood memory of the Qilin.
Even these two yearn for that world?

“We can't reveal too much, because many things are just our speculations. There will be a lot of opportunities in the future. Today we just showed up to say hello to fellow cultivator...”

Sun Fei burst out laughing heartily, “My hands are itching a little, I want to confirm something with the formation martial arts of this Star Domain.”

Ye Qingyu looked dumbstruck for a moment.

The Emperor of the Azeroth Star Domain was a hyperactive person.

However, Ye Qingyu also had an impulse to exchange moves and to learn from each other.

Since the great war of the star domains, Ye Qingyu's cultivation base had already reached the  peak. He couldn’t agree more with the phrase ‘it’s lonely being invincible’. Across the vast star domains, there was still not an opponent that can let Ye Qingyu fight to his heart’s content in a battle. But the two people in front of him, both had such strength.

“Okay.”

Ye Qingyu's battle intent that had calmed down for a long period of time was once again burning up.

He knew that the re-emergence of these two men today was tantamount to a complete recognition of him as someone with equal status, which was undoubtedly an honour.

……

When Hu Bugui awoke from his drunken state, he couldn’t see Ye Qingyu.

If it were not for the fact that Liu Shaji was snoring on one side, Hu Bugui really would have thought that everything that happened before was actually a dream. While Nan Tieyi had woken up a long time ago, meditating calmly on a boulder on the other side.

“Where is Little Ye?” Hu Bugui asked.

Nan Tieyi stopped and replied, “I don't know... but we have no reason to worry about him, because in this world, there is no one who can threaten him anymore.”

“Haha.” A voice suddenly sounded, “Wrong, there are still things that can threaten me.”

Ye Qingyu appeared.

He had two black eyes and his face was swollen and bruised, like a panda. It was evident that he had taken quite a bad beating.

“That guy is really ruthless.” Ye Qingyu’s lips pulled back in a grin.

His swollen and bruised face made Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi look completely dumbfounded.

“This... what's going on?” Hu Bugui asked, wide-eyed.

“I encountered two monsters, got into a fight, and got injured a little.” Ye Qingyu laughed. He did not see the need to reveal the existence of Ding Hao and Sun Fei.

Hu Bugi and Nan Tieyi were still dumbfounded.

In this world, there was someone that can wound Ye Qingyu?

Ye Qingyu smiled and did not continue, but thought of the words that Ding Hao and Sun Fei left at the end of the battle. These two existences suggested that, even if Ye Qingyu mastered the control of time and space, to not go back to find the way the Divine Light Emperor is following, because it will disturb the birth of the fourth symbol.

But Ye Qingyu still felt a strange impulse.

The final obsession of the Divine Light Emperor, after all, was related to Ye Qingyu. Even though isolated by endless time and space, Ye Qingyu still vaguely felt that the Divine Light Emperor, Old Fish and the silly dog seemed to have encountered some trouble.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1367:


Chapter 1380, The city of rebirth

Ye Qingyu originally planned to find the whereabouts of Little Nine and others. He had learned the mystery of the world and space, and had the Qilin beast that can move unhindered across the universe with him. As long as he had the intent to find them, he will eventually find some clues and can secretly provide some help to the silly dog and Old Fish. However, he gave up on this thought, because Sun Fei and Ding Hao both reminded Ye Qingyu that by doing so it would disrupt some things, which they call the ‘butterfly effect’.

He decided to listen to the advice of these two equal level existences.

Although he felt an impulse to search for them because he vaguely felt that Old Fish and Little Nine’s journey wasn’t going too smoothly, he knew that this was their fate. They left to find an opportunity that is not around Ye Qingyu. Although worried about their safety, he knew very well that he really should not interfere in the process, as it would disrupt time and space.

Just like back then, the Sword-Saber Divine Emperor Ding Hao and the Emperor of Azeroth Sun Fei, although they both had the ability to help the Divine Light Emperor to kill all of the enemies, but ultimately they did not do anything. Instead, they quietly watched for tens of millions of years. They waited until the Divine Light Emperor relied on his own strength and ways to reverse the fate of the Vast Thousand Domains, and also waited until the third symbol, which is Ye Qingyu, to grow up.

He could only hope that they can really get what they want in the end.

Ye Qingyu thought to himself.

After a few days, the bruises on his face gradually faded.

The battle against two existences of the Eternal Realmwas a great harvest for Ye Qingyu. Whether it was Ding Hao or Sun Fei, both had entered Eternity tens of millions of years ago. Although one can be a master even at a young age because he has learned it earlier than others or if he persists in it, but these two people were obviously much stronger than Ye Qingyu and had a much wider vision than him. After this battle, Ye Qingyu truly understood the fighting strength and profound meaning of the Eternal Realm.

But he did not know when the next battle to confirm what he had learnt would be.

Because Ye Qingyu knew that these two great existences, in the short term, should not appear in the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

“Huh? This Qilin... where did it come from? How come I haven't seen it before?” Hu Bugui fixed his eyes on Little Ten. The Qilin was an auspicious beast, and it would be really cool to be able to tame one as a pet. He excitedly asked, “Fellow, do you have any brothers and sisters or anything...”

Ye Qingyu rubbed his temple and told them about Little Ten’s origin.

“It's the transformation of that demon...” Hu Bugui's face turned pale all of a sudden, withdrawing his hand that was about to stroke the Qilin at lightning speed, and leapt far away.

All these years, he had been tormented by this demonic thing in the Immortal Domain again and again. Even if he had reached the Martial Emperor realm, he was still repeatedly tricked to the point of almost causing him psychological damage. At the thought of this Qilin beast being the demonic thing, his heart palpitated uncontrollably.

Nan Tieyi was also surprised.

However, although he and Hu Bugui had been tormented by the demonic thing all these years, most of the time it was just a prank, and he did not really bring any real danger to them. Therefore, he could also tell that this so-called demonic thing is not an evil vicious being; however he had no idea that it was a part of the auspicious Qilin beast.

“According to what Brother Ye said, this Immortal Domain world should have a lot of connection with the Qilin. If it wasn’t for its existence, Bandit Hu and Brother Nan would not have been so lucky to acquire a place to become Emperor,” Liu Shaji added.

Everybody yearned for the vast, majestic Immortal Domain world that Ye Qingyu mentioned, because it is most likely a new world that can give birth to beings above the Martial Emperor realm. A more advanced place that could allow the living beings of this world to break the shackles of the universe.

For the next few days, everybody stayed in the Immortal World a little longer. Ye Qingyu investigated the substance of immortality in this world, and made some discoveries again. Then, under the guidance of the Qilin, the four people left the Immortal World and out of the 108 floors of the sword tower.

Since this ancient black castle was determined to be built by Ye Chongsheng back then, Ye Qingyu naturally wanted to restore it.

Given his present strength, the repair of the broken formations in the castle and damaged stone statues was an extremely simple matter, and can be done with one thought. But, in order to find some clues regarding the past, Ye Qingyu very patiently repaired the structures little by little. Thereby, he passed on the 108 ancient characters technique to Liu Shaji, Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi, and even the Qilin also learned a little.

In the end, the four people and beast used three months of time to repair the ancient black castle, and also made some transformations. Then, activating the core of the castle, in the midst of the rumbling, the ancient black castle began to whiz up with the turbulence of time and space, like a broken battleship, released a powerful force, and cut through the turbulence...

One day later.

Among the original twenty-four cities of chaos, besides the Unmoving City of Darkness, there were another three missing cities. The news of one of the cities returning to the Chaos Domain spread across the Imperial Heaven Empire and caused a sensation. After all, this was the most mysterious and bizarre event in thousands of years. Nobody thought that this ancient black castle would ever return.

Ye Qingyu personally changed the name of this ancient black city.

Hu Bugui, Nan Tieyi, and the Qilin were all reborn here. Adding to this, the city was built by Ye Chongsheng, thus the word ‘rebirth’ was the most fitting name.

Hu Bugui, Nan Tieyi and Liu Shaji then naturally became the Lords of the city...

Ye Qingyu remarkably managed to directly fuse the Immortal Domain training space, which originally belongs to the Guardian Royal City, and the Immortal Domain space on the summit of the black sword tower, forming a relatively perfect Immortal Domain World. After that, his permanent residence changed from the Imperial Heaven Dao Hall to this place, and all the matters of the Imperial Heaven Dao Hall were handed to disciple Ting Ning to take care of. While Bai Yuanxing was appointed to the Destruction Star Domain and Jin Linger oversaw another star domain...

Decades later, Ye Qingyu's son and daughter have grown up, and their cultivation base was extraordinary.

His son was wholeheartedly focused on martial arts, and wandered around the star domains to train and improve himself, while his daughter was gifted in government affairs like her mother, and was very interested in the management of the empire. As a result, she became the first Empress of the Imperial Heaven Empire, which basically maintained the tradition of women in governance.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden gave birth to twin daughters for Ye Qingyu, with exceptionally impressive talent. Ye Qingyu brought them to the Immortal Domain to cultivate.

Time flew by.

Many years have passed but the Imperial God Emperor's name and stories were still widely known across the world.

Although Ye Qingyu had not been seen in public for a long time, there were still his biographies everywhere. Ye Qingyu's children also began to show outstanding talent in the martial arts world, becoming the wave of experts of the young generation. Countless talented people were born. There were new generations of top experts in the major clans, races, domains, sects, families, and the military of the Imperial Heaven Empire. Each dazzling figure was like the twinkling stars in the sky. A real golden era of martial arts had started...

But no matter how many talented figures there were, no matter how bright and dazzling the stars were, none can take away the brilliance of the brightest star. The name of Ye Qingyu was forever remembered in this world. Once the title Imperial God Emperor was mentioned, even the strongest and most tyrannical existences would look up in admiration at this eternal ruler.

……

At the same time, in a different place, just as Old Fish, Little Nine and the soul of the Divine Light Emperor was approaching home, they encountered some difficulties.

“How could this be?”

Old Fish knitted his brows.

The Divine Light Emperor’s face grew grave.

And the silly dog Little Nine growled, “Woof, is this a joke... isn't there an opportunity here?”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1368:


Chapter 1381, Solar System

When the soul of the Divine Light Emperor, Old Fish, and Little Nine walked through the gate of time and space, they immediately felt a wild aura. The universe was situated in a pitch-black space, a strange repressive force was flowing around, as if there was some pattern formation invisible to the naked eye in the vacuum of space. They even felt signs of their strength being suppressed.

“I feel a familiar aura, it is only less than five million kilometers from my hometown....” The soul of the Divine Light Emperor, although he had lost his real body, was still incredibly powerful. Despite the long distance, he was still able to sense a familiar aura and saw some of the stars and their arrangements, which he had seen countless times in his dreams.

Earth, I'm finally back.

He couldn’t hide his excitement, and at the same time, there was a homesick feeling in his stomach.

After all, it has been over tens of millions of years since he left Earth and traveled across the Vast Thousand Star Domains. The eye of the Cloudy Clear Sea had really transferred him to the accurate time and location? He wanted to return to the point where he was in a traffic accident on Earth, and to see what happened after that. If possible, of course, he hoped to avoid that accident and to change his own destiny. Among the Vast Thousand Star Domains, he was already standing at the top of the world with God-like power. Now, he just wants to be an ordinary man, and even better to forget everything from the past...

“It's as if I've come to a barren land from a prosperous place.” Old Fish blinked his eyes several times and seemed to be calculating something.

He speculated that there will be an opportunity with the birth of the fourth symbol, and also, for some reasons, vaguely knew that the origin of the first three symbols was related to the hometown of the Divine Light Emperor. But he had no idea that the Divine Light Emperor's hometown star domain was such a barren land. The extent of barrenness was so different to some of the star domains in the Vast Thousand Star Domains. If the new star domains were wastelands of weeds, then the starry sky in front is simply a saline land where not even a blade of grass grows.

How could such a terrifying person emerge from such an area?

He sensed that there was a strange, cosmic Dao power and law in the starry sky that were completely different from the Vast Thousand Star Domains. It appeared to be a mysterious force, an ancient seal that spread throughout the starry universe.

“Old thing, are you lying to Woof?” Little Nine stared discontentedly at the Divine Light Emperor and Old Fish.

He naturally felt something was wrong.

“How would it be that easy to find an opportunity?” Old Fish fumed, “Don't be impatient, let's investigate it first.”

Given their present cultivation base, it naturally was nothing difficult for them to cross the universe, but because of the mysterious suppressive force in this starry sky, their speed was slightly slower.

A few days later, they came to the first planet with living creatures.

This planet was a martial arts world, with mainly human beings, but there were also other species. There were sects all over the planet, similar to a martial arts planet of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, but the overall force was far inferior. The strongest experts were only the equivalent of the Heaven Ascension realm of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. They could fly on land, move from mountain to mountain, but were unable to get out of this planet. There was a gravitational force on this planet, and the infighting was quite serious.

The Divine Light Emperor was surprised.

The planet was not far from Earth, and although not in the solar system, in his memory, the human beings on earth had yet to discover the existence of this planet, nor had they realized that there were such planets and living beings around the solar system.

But then what came next surprised him even more.

Afterwards, they successively came across a number of planets with living beings, several of which, there were similar martial artists existences, and some of the top martial artists even possessed the ability to temporarily escape from the restrictive force of the planet. They could move through the starry sky, though were unable to maintain this for a long period of time. However, through the use of some formations, which could trigger the ancient forces of the universe, they were able to travel across the starry sky...

“There is no connection between these planets, unlike the star domains of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. It is a self-contained system that operates alongside each other, forming a star formation. The planets in this starry sky are disorderly, so no matter how many years pass, they will never naturally produce domain gates. They depend on the formation to connect with each other, and thus are almost isolated...”

Old Fish observed very carefully along the way.

He even found that this starry sky seemed to have experienced an ancient disaster. The fires of the former civilzation were scattered everywhere. The degree of civilization all differed, and on several of the most prosperous planets, there were martial artists equivalent to the Saint realm of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. The martial arts they cultivated were very different to that of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, but still possessed the equivalent power.

It was unexpected that the surroundings of the Earth turned out to be such an environment.

The Divine Light Emperor was very surprised.

Of course, given their strength, no matter what planet the martial artists were from, there was nobody that could notice their presence.

Eventually, they were close to the solar system

“Homeland...” The soul of the Divine Light Emperor trembled, unable to control his excitement.

It was the scene that he had dreamt and looked forward to seeing many times.

A number of familiar planets finally appeared in front of them.

“I feel a great deal of danger.” Old Fish shivered all over, hesitating to advance further, “This is your homeland? This is clearly a burial place, a starry grave... are you mistaken?”

The silly dog also had all his white fur standing on its ends, low growls coming from his throat. He dared not enter the solar system. There was a bizarre yet clear feeling telling him that, once he enters, he most likely would be crushed to fine powder in an instant.

“Why would there be such a place?” the silly dog paced back and forth in the void, terrified inwardly.

The soul of the Divine Light Emperor said with great excitement, “Yes here is correct. I see the sun, and the earth, and the moon... It must be right...” He had paid a huge price to come back. Thus no matter how dangerous it is to enter the solar system, he would still certainly enter.

Old Fish blinked several times and finally concluded, “So it turns out that the first three symbols come from such a place. Is this why they say that once a person is confronted with the danger of death he will fight to live? This is a dangerous land, what had happened here before... To obtain the so-called opportunity, could it be that we must first abandon ourselves? This...isn’t this playing with life.”

Little Nine madly darted around the solar system, like a stream of flowing light, but most of all, he was shaking his head with disappointment, “Woof feels something strange in there. This really is a strange galaxy, it is the core area of an ancient sealing power, the core of the barren land... If we forcibly charge through, Woof may die. Even if I’m not killed I would lose a layer of skin.”

“It's not just dangerous. This area is simply a forbidden area for martial arts. Even if we succeed in getting in, our power will be drained away cleanly...” Old Fish did some tests and said with a grave face.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

