Chapter 1105:


Chapter 1120 Disaster


A few Dark Ones began shouting incoherently, looking anxious.

Then, a commotion broke out among the black-haired Dark Ones around Ye Qingyu. They looked extremely panicky and frightened as they hid back into their caves and huts, especially the females, who looked younger. They were trembling and turned around to flee.

From afar, the sound of some people crying their lungs out could be heard.

They could see some thatched huts that were being set on fire and stone houses being overturned. The smell of blood pervaded the air; evidently, some people had been killed.

"What's happening?"

Ye Qingyu frowned.

Eleven cocked his head to listen. "My lord, it seems that dark beasts are rampaging over there. We're at the outskirts where bloodthirsty dark beasts frequently charge into people's houses to scavenge for food. It's alright, they'll leave once they're full..."

Ye Qingyu frowned and said, "Let's head over for a look"

They walked a few kilometers ahead. There were people crying and shouting all around them, and the collapse of a few stone houses had crushed a number of Dark Ones to death. Some of them had been burned alive, and the surviving Dark Ones were devastated. They had given up on the idea of fleeing and cried loudly and sorrowfully while hugging the corpses of the deceased...

Human tragedy.

A huge brown bear was standing a few hundred meters away from them. It breathed fire, lighting up a number of thatched cottages, before seizing a Dark One who was fleeing with its giant paws. In an instant, the beast had bitten off half of the alien's body, and his blood and bones were spewing all over...

Further away were a few hundred grotesquely shaped beasts, consisting of tigers with sharp teeth and the ability to breathe out poisonous mist; ash-gray wolves that spewed wind blades from their mouths; and even pythons a few hundred meters long and as wide as a huge jar. They were extremely vicious as they were hunting down their prey and damaging the property of the Dark Ones with impunity!

What kind of beasts are they?

I have never seen such ferocious beasts in the Vast Thousand Domains before.

Moreover, the energy that they emitted was very strange. They did not contain martial yuan qi aura, and they did not originate from the five elements of nature or any other rare form of power. In fact, such kinds of energy did not exist in the Vast Thousand Domains at all.

Ye Qingyu was somewhat surprised.

The dark-haired aliens fled in panic. A few stronger ones screeched and tried to resist the onslaught of the beasts with iron tools, spears of stone, arrows, and other weapons, but they could not inflict any harm on the beasts. Instead, their attacks increased the ferocity of the creatures.

"Huh?" Eleven suddenly exclaimed, as if he had noticed something.

Ye Qingyu glanced at him.

"My lord, these dark beasts did not come from the wild. They seem to have been reared by someone... They're wearing [Animal Soul Rings], and if I'm not mistaken, they should be the pet beasts of the nobles in Central City. It's fashionable among the people in higher social circles of the Dark Realm to rear these creatures as pets," he said hurriedly.

Ye Qingyu looked at the creatures and also realized that the rampaging dark beasts were indeed wearing gold rings of various shapes and sizes around their necks. Faint yuan qi was emanating from these rings.

"Save the people," Ye Qingyu said. "Slay all these evil beasts."

"Er..." Eleven hesitated before continuing, "My lord, they are the pets of nobles from the Guardian Camp. If..."

Ye Qingyu looked at him, his gaze chilling.

Eleven suddenly felt as though he had entered an ice storage facility. After recalling how brutal Ye Qingyu could be, he did not dare to hesitate any longer. "Yes, sir," he replied.

After speaking, his body flickered and a sword appeared in his hand.

Eleven used to follow Ye Chen around, and he was a top-ranked character in the Golden Armor Army. His level of cultivation had long surpassed the Great Saint realm and he was extremely close to entering the Quasi-emperor realm. It was no big deal for him to slay these beasts, and in the blink of an eye, he had slaughtered all of the pet creatures.

The roar of the beasts came to an abrupt end.

Eleven carried his sword, which was dripping with blood, to Ye Qingyu's side to report back to him.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

The dark-haired aliens who had survived the terrible ordeal looked at Ye Qingyu with a mixture of surprise, shock, gratitude, and respect. They could not comprehend why a Lord Guardian, who was as important to them as a deity, would be willing to save them. Such an incident had not happened for a long time.

There was still crying going around.

A little girl was holding onto her seriously injured, unconscious mother with a dazed look and wailing her lungs out. Her little brother and father had long been devoured by the pet beasts.

Even though Ye Qingyu could not understand the tongue of the Dark Ones, the sorrowful look of the little girl, which was also completely devoid of hope, softened Ye Qingyu's heart immediately.

He had experienced the same kind of despair and sorrow when he was young after the bloody defense of the castle.

"Save them," Ye Qingyu said.

He could see that the beasts had wounded some of the Dark Ones pretty seriously, and the aliens were howling in pain. The power of the dark beasts flowed into their bodies, and judging from the rudimentary medical skills of the aliens, they would most likely be unable to heal their wounds. That would result in their deaths.

The instant his voice died off, snowflakes began to fall from the sky, extinguishing the flames on the thatched huts before disappearing.

Eleven did not dare to hesitate. He hurried over and used up his yuan qi to heal the Dark Ones. The injuries caused by the beasts were frightening, but patching up such wounds were chicken feed for a martial arts expert like Eleven.

At first, the dark-haired Dark Ones could not believe it. They were extremely frightened. Even those who were seriously injured were so scared that they got up regardless of their injuries and kowtowed. They seemed to be praying for mercy...

But then, they understood that the "Guardian" was actually treating their injuries.

Looking at the seriously wounded and dying companions that had completely recovered after receiving treatment from Eleven, the dark-haired aliens were excited and moved. They knelt in circles, shouting something loudly...

"They are thanking Your Excellency for saving them," Eleven said as he walked over. He looked calm, and did not think much of the gratitude of the lowly peasants. He was more concerned about Ye Qingyu's thoughts and continued to speak anxiously. "My lord, a few of them are wounded too heavily. I... can't do anything. The physiques of these peasants are too weak and unable to withstand too much turbulence from the powerful yuan qi. Please forgive me, my lord."

Ye Qingyu glanced at him.

Indeed, dozens of Dark Ones were wounded very seriously and left with just half of their bodies intact. Eleven's techniques could not bring them back to life. One of the victims was the mother of the sorrowful child they had met earlier on.

"Howl, howl..." The girl hugged her mom tightly, as if she had already sensed the inevitable. She crawled up to Eleven and kowtowed heavily, in spite of her injuries. She was screaming something and seemed to be pleading in despair.

Even though Ye Qingyu did not understand their tongue, he could guess that she wanted Eleven to save her mother. After all, he had displayed the skills of a deity in her eyes, and was probably her only hope at the moment.

"Ah Bala..." The little girl begged him. She was terrified and her head was broken, tears flowed, and her face was pleading.

Eleven looked a little embarrassed and said, "Get lost if you want to live."

He had a kind of instinctive disdain and abhorrence for these low-ranking dark-haired aliens. Saving those people had already consumed his precious vitality.
These damned fools are really not satisfied,
he thought.

The little girl was desperate.

She whined and wailed, holding her mother, who was dying.

She seemed to have thought about something suddenly. She used her tears to wipe her face clean of dirt and mud, revealing a white and clear face. It was a unique kind of beauty, and it turned out that the young girl, who was twelve or thirteen years old, was a rather pretty woman. Her tattered clothes and dirty face had concealed her beauty from the others.

"Howl, ahlawa..." She knelt down before Eleven and pleaded loudly about something. Eventually, she ripped her clothes apart with her hands, revealing her white, slim figure. Small pre-pubescent nubs were on her chest, and she trembled in the wind. Due to long-term malnourishment, her figure was incredibly thin, but her bone structure was very proportional.

This little beauty of the Dark Ones was revealing her most private parts and precious body in front of everyone, and she was crying and pleading.

Even though Ye Qingyu did not understand the language of these dark-haired people, he could guess what the little girl meant.

She wanted to sacrifice her beautiful body and virginity at her own expense, in the hopes that Eleven could save her mother.

At this moment, the little girl's panicky, helpless expression and her tears of despair immediately hurt Ye Qingyu's heart.

Ye Qingyu remembered how he felt when he learned that his parents had died in the battle over the Deer City. He was exactly the same as the little girl in front of him. At that time, no one would help him. He only hoped that if anyone could save his parents, he would give everything he had for that to happen.

When Eleven saw the beautiful body of the little girl, his eyes brightened. When he followed Ye Chen, he collected sex slaves for Ye Chen many times, especially some women among the Dark Ones; some of them were simply natural-born stunners. At present, the little girl was only twelve or thirteen years old, but she was destined to grow into an outstanding beauty in the future.

Eleven could not help himself from harboring some evil thoughts.

"My lord, this..." he turned his head to look at Ye Qingyu and said, "this girl is really a stunning girl, why not..."

Ye Qingyu glanced at him.

Eleven immediately felt all the hairs on his body stand on end.

"My lord, I was wrong, I..." He was so scared that he knelt on the ground and begged for mercy.

Ye Qingyu did not look at him anymore, but came down from the flaming tiger and covered the little girl's body with his own. He spoke in the strange tongue of the Dark Ones somewhat brokenly, "Don't be afraid..."

He was already a genius with languages, and he was well-versed in the ancient tongues of deities and demons. After listening to the Dark Ones shouting, coupled with his deduction, he had already grasped the basic phonetics of their language...

The little girl was shocked and looked up at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu's fingers emanated a silver light that infused into the woman's body. She looked as though she was about to die, but her aura suddenly turned stable and her wounds started to heal slowly. The color returned to her cheeks, and in the blink of an eye, she had regained her vitality.

"Ah... Tingting, run," the woman shouted instinctively upon waking up.

Her thoughts had evidently remained at the point in time before death came over her.

"Mom..." The little girl was overjoyed when she saw her mother coming back to life. She rushed to her mother's arms. As a result, her cloak fell off her body, revealing her body. She was immediately ashamed and quickly put her cloak back on.

All of the dark-haired people around were shocked to see this scene.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1106:


Chapter 1121 He Chose to Remain


How could this man resurrect dead people?

The many powerful experts who guarded the camp had never witnessed such a phenomenon either, and when they saw that the mighty Eleven was kneeling in front of Ye Qingyu, the black-haired Dark Ones looked at him with even more respect and fear.

Several brave black-haired Dark Ones approached Ye Qingyu to beg him to save the others.

He could not understand what they were saying, but he could guess what they wanted him to do. He did not say anything else and sent a wave of snowflakes flying out. And after these snowflakes landed on the black-haired Dark Ones who were dying from their injuries, they came back to life after a few breaths.

A burly man stepped forward from the crowd and looked at him with both respect and wariness as he bowed to Ye Qingyu with a smile. He was part of the group that had been resisting the attack with bows and stone spears.

"Ah li, walala..." This burly man spoke rapidly.

Ye Qingyu could not understand the burly man because of how fast he was speaking, and he turned to look at Eleven, who looked like he was still in a state of shock.

Eleven quickly pasted a smile on his face and said, "My lord, this man is the village chief of this area and he is named Chen Sheng. He said that those pet beasts that we killed earlier were the pets reared by the noble Guardians who live in Central City located in the Luoshen Ridge, and these pets would normally be let out to hunt in the nearby villages. The village chief said that he noticed that we were foreigners, so he would advise us to leave immediately. Otherwise, once the noblemen of Central City realize that their pet monsters have been killed, they would definitely seek you out for revenge."

Ye Qingyu developed a good impression of these black-haired Dark Ones after their village chief's statement.

"If we leave now, won't these villagers be in danger once the noblemen visit the village to investigate?" he asked.

Eleven turned to say something to Chen Sheng.

A flash of sorrow crossed Chen Sheng's face, then he lifted his head and smiled. He said something in reply and determination was written on his face.

Eleven turned to Ye Qingyu and interpreted Chen Sheng's words, "He said that they have already gotten used to the cruelty of the noblemen. Moreover, these noblemen would clearly know that the villagers don't have the strength to kill these pet beasts, so even if they were punished, the punishment would not be that serious. He also told us not to worry since they will never reveal the name of their savior."

Ye Qingyu did not have any further comments after that.

Chen Sheng seemed to be a little too optimistic and he seemed to be deliberately trying to pass off the situation as a small incident so that Ye Qingyu and his companions would not be implicated in this matter. His loyalty was worthy of admiration.

Chen Sheng seemed to think of an idea and said something else to Eleven.

Eleven said, "My lord, he has requested that you take a young lady named Zhen Wanting along with you when you leave because this lady had given up her body in exchange for the lives of her fellow villagers and they can't breach the agreement, so from now on, this young lady will be your servant."

Ye Qingyu could not help giving Chen Sheng a second glance.

This village chief looked brash and reckless but was, in fact, very perceptive. He was clearly making use of this opportunity to find a good master for this young lady. Was it because Chen Sheng thought that he would be a kinder master?

If someone as beautiful as Zhen Wanting remained in the village, it was only a matter of time before she would face a tragic fate and become the plaything of the noblemen.

Ye Qingyu smiled faintly at Chen Sheng and this burly man laughed awkwardly.

"What do you think?" he asked Eleven.

Eleven was surprised that Ye Qingyu was actually asking for his opinion and seized this opportunity to curry favor with him. He thought for a moment and said, "My lord, you've come to the Central City of Luoshen Ridge for serious matters, so it wouldn't be good for you to get involved in such an insignificant matter. It would be best for you to leave so that we don't alert the enemy to your presence..."

He tried his best to think about his master's best interests and continued, "As for the girl, she is indeed a true beauty. If you have taken a liking to her, you could take her along with you and find somewhere else to groom her. With my abilities, I'm confident that I'll be able to turn her into a multi-talented concubine in six months, then..."

Ye Qingyu did not know whether to laugh or to cry.

He smacked Eleven's head and stopped him from making any more suggestions. "Was this how you used to advise Ye Chen? Stop coming up with such stupid schemes in the future and put your intellect to something more useful. If you give me any more nonsensical ideas, I'll wring your neck..."

Eleven immediately looked very dejected but he was actually very pleased with how his master had treated him.

This must mean that his master had already thought of him as a trusted confidant.

"Tell Chen Sheng that I won't be going anywhere for now. I'll be staying here for a few days, so tell him to make arrangements for our lodgings here," Ye Qingyu added.

"My lord, are you... deliberately trying to alert the enemy to your presence?" Eleven froze for a moment but immediately acted like he knew what Ye Qingyu was planning and held his thumb up in approval. "My lord, this is brilliant. It is a truly brilliant plan. You must be deliberately trying to stir up a commotion here to see how powerful the forces at Central City are. Hahaha!"

Ye Qingyu was left utterly speechless.

Eleven was fast becoming an expert bootlicker.

Naturally, he had his own reasons for staying in this village.

Chen Sheng looked very astonished after he heard Eleven's interpretation of Ye Qingyu's words.

This young village chief had figured out that Ye Qingyu's arrival had not been a coincidence but that he was here for a specific purpose.

Chen Sheng was a little hesitant because he was worried that his village would be swept into the noblemen's conflict. Then, that would spell disaster for his village.

Ye Qingyu finally told Eleven to tell Chen Sheng that he would definitely not implicate the village in this and that he would also protect them if the situation called for it. Chen Sheng did not dare to defy Ye Qingyu's orders either, so he could only make the necessary arrangements.

He arranged for Ye Qingyu to lodge in a dilapidated stone hall that night.

This stone hall was the cleanest hall in the entire village and was usually used to receive esteemed visitors from Central City, so this was the best accommodation that the village could provide.

Zhen Wanting had also been sent to wait on him.

She was a lively little girl.

He did not remain cooped up within the stone hall either and tasked the little girl to bring him around the village.

Central City, Luoshen Ridge.

At the heavily guarded residence of the City Lord.

"What's going on? Why haven't the pet beasts we let out earlier returned?"

In the backyard.

Shao Xuzheng, who was tasked with looking after those pet beasts, was so worried that cold sweat beaded all over his forehead.

He had gone over to the cages in the backyard to take a look and immediately flew into a rage. "The young lord wants to go hunting outside the city tomorrow morning, and his favorite pet beast, the sabertooth tiger, has not returned. Quick, send some men out to investigate!"

Moments later—

Several servants rushed toward the backyard from the front and yelled loudly, "Supervisor Shao... Supervisor Shao, oh no... Bad news, the beast soul crystals... they've all shattered."

"
What?!
"

Shao Xuzheng turned pale at the news.

"What... what did you just say? Could you repeat your words again?" he growled as he rushed over and held that servant up by his collar.

The servant looked as though he was about to weep as he said, "I was cleaning the beast soul hall when I saw that all of the beast soul crystals have shattered. Those pet beasts that we have been rearing are probably... all dead..."

Clatter!

Shao Xuzheng staggered backward and he was completely astonished while fear was written all over his face.

If the beast soul crystals had all shattered, this would mean that the pet beasts were definitely dead.

"Who had dared to kill the young master's pet beasts?"

Shao Xuzheng knew how powerful those pet beasts were—they were as powerful as Saint experts of the formation martial artists. They had always sent these pet beasts out to hunt in the black-haired Dark Ones' villages and these pet beasts had never failed to return. It was impossible for those black-haired Dark One peasants to kill so many pet beasts, so the only explanation was that several martial experts must have killed them all.

However, this was no longer the point.

His greatest worry was how he was going to give his young master an explanation.

Everyone knew how cruel and violent the young City Lord was, so if the young master noticed that his pet beasts were missing tomorrow morning, his fate would be no different from those dead pet beasts.

He gradually calmed down and a sinister look flashed past his eyes.

He suddenly attacked those two servants with his palm and sent their brains spilling onto the floor with a splatter. Then, he sent out a wisp of flame and got rid of their bodies, and summoned his trusted servant. "Get the horses ready, I'm going to the military camp," he instructed.

The military camp was the standing army of Central City and it was made up of powerful experts. There weren't many people within the camp but each and every soldier was incredibly powerful. They had mastered the martial art techniques of the Guardians and large amounts of resources had been spent grooming them, so they signified the power and authority held by the Guardians.

In other words, the experts of the military camp were sharp knives that the Guardians sharpened and they would get rid of all resistance.

The military camp was located in the northwestern part of the city.

Shao Xuzheng rode on a mutant dragon horse and sped toward the military camp.

An hour later—

A flying ship that was several hundred meters wide silently rose into the air. This ship carried several hundred soldiers in full armor, as well as Shao Xuzheng, who looked very menacing, and the leader of the military camp, who exuded a murderous spirit, Yao Xin.

"I've already received confirmation that the pet beasts have been killed at Bitter Hill Village." Shao Xuzheng had used a mysterious technique to exert the beast soul ring, and from the beast soul ring's reaction, he deduced that the pet beasts had been killed around the area where Bitter Hill Village was located.

Yao Xin laughed and said, "Bitter Hill Village? That is only a tiny village along the outer fringes of Luoshen Ridge, only black-haired peasants live there. We won't face any resistance even if we killed them all... Hehe, Supervisor Shao, I've mobilized my men without permission this time, so you mustn't forget to fulfill your end of the bargain as well."

Shao Xuzheng nodded and said sinisterly, "Don't worry, Commander Yao. There are more than one thousand black-haired peasants at Bitter Hill Village. And if we were to include Ancient Tree Village and the other four villages within a ten-kilometer radius of Bitter Hill Village, there will be at least four thousand healthy young men and several hundred virgins between the ages of ten to eighteen, so they would all make good slaves... They will all belong to you after this matter is resolved. I know you have your own ways. Hehe, if these slaves were to be transported to the other regions, they would definitely be able to fetch a good price and you'll get to keep the profit. All you have to do is to capture that barbarian who dared to kill the young City Lord's pet beasts for me."

"Haha, don't worry. I'll make him pay the price regardless of who he might be," Commander Yao said confidently.

Shao Xuzheng nodded and replied, "I don't care who he is. I'm going to make sure that he gets tortured so badly that even his mother wouldn't even be able to recognize him."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1107:


Chapter 1122 – Capture Slaves


Zhen Wanting brought Ye Qingyu around the entire village and through her, he learned that this village was named Bitter Hill Village and it was one of the hundreds of black-haired Dark Ones' villages that dotted the Luoshen Ridge. It fell under the control of Central City and the villagers were almost all black-haired Dark Ones.

He was shocked at the poverty and backwardness of this village.

Most of the villagers lived in thatched houses or primitive mud houses and their living conditions were considered relatively good if they could build their house in a stone cave, since it meant that they didn't need to worry about their roofs leaking when it rained and when they closed their doors at night, they didn't need to worry about dark beasts or serpents sneaking into their houses.

The amount of food they had was also incredibly scarce.

Most of the land throughout the Dark Realm was made up of sand and gravel, so it was not possible to grow crops on the land. The only area that had better conditions was the area that had been protected by an ancient wise Martial Emperor and crops could be grown on those land but these lands were already occupied by the Guardians and Luoshen Ridge was part of those lands. This also explained why so many black-haired Dark Ones lived around the fringes of Central City – nothing could be grown at all past the five hundred kilometer boundary of the city and for the black-haired Dark Ones who had such poor constitution and physical strength, entering that area was as good as courting death.

The Guardians' camp at Luoshen Ridge was a small stronghold and it could barely be considered to be the top ten armies throughout the Earth Nation. The Dark Realm was made up of hundreds of nations that were similar to Earth Nation, so it was obvious where Luoshen Ridge ranked.

However, those black-haired Dark Ones treated the Luoshen Ridge as though it was some kind of paradise and there were many legends and rumors that swirled around the village describing Central City as a paradise that did not lack food or water. Unfortunately, most of the villagers would never have the chance to enter Central City for the rest of their lives.

The Dark Ones received protection from and permission to live around the fringes of Central City because they were as hardworking as oxen and have always been planting crops around the area. Nonetheless, even during the years when there was a bumper crop, many Dark Ones still died from starvation since ninety-nine percent of the crops they grew had to be handed over to Central City and were for the Guardians' usage.

Those Dark Ones who lived here had never been able to eat till they were full – this was considered a luxury to them.

Their greatest hope was to be able to wake up the next morning knowing that they were alive, that the sun still shone in the sky, and that their family members were also still alive.

Survival was their greatest challenge each and every minute.

When night fell, the entire village was completely dark.

An atmosphere of desperation and despair hung over the entire village.

"Why don't they light their lamps?" Ye Qingyu asked.

He had already completely mastered the language of the Dark Ones and he did not find it a difficult language to master since there were some similarities between this language, the main languages of the Vast Thousand Domains and the words used during the Fiendgod Age.

"Everyone turns in early once night has fallen because they need to rest and recuperate…" Zhen Wanting said with her head bowed, "Moreover, we haven't got anything that we could use to light a fire."

"There's no kerosene?" Ye Qingyu asked.

Zhen Wanting shook her head and said, "I've only heard of this word through the legends that the adults have told us but I've never seen this product. No one can afford to use kerosene in the Bitter Hill Village and this is something that only the old noblemen at Central City can afford to use."

"What about firewood or dry twigs? Wouldn't you be able to use those?" he asked.

Zhen Wanting replied, "Of course not. Those are our food; we can't possibly burn them."

What?

He was astonished.

Firewood and dry twigs were considered to be food? How could anyone eat those things?

The little girl continued, "Most people would be satisfied if they could build a house with straw and most of the plants could be grounded into powder even if they were withered, so that if we feel extremely hungry, we could mix this powder with water and consume them…"

Ye Qingyu was even more astonished after her explanation.

He suddenly felt like the questions that he had been asking were as foolish as an emperor who didn't understand the hardships of the world asking a starving roadside beggar why he wasn't eating meat.

As he walked around the village, he saw the new graves that had been created along the borders of the village.

He saw a thin young man sobbing in the night because his mother had starved to death, a family of four squeezed into a dark stone cave trying to share the last of their rations, a despairing young mother trying to softly coax her dead child who had died because of the lack of milk and food, as though her child was still alive, and a father who was so wrecked with guilt that he kept pulling at his own hair…

He was completely stunned by the scenes that he had witnessed.

The Human Race didn't even live in such poor conditions at the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain and their poor conditions at the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain had been caused by the decline of the domain. Before the domain had declined, they were still considered to be rather well-off. However, the Dark Realm had existed for an unknown period of time, but those Dark Ones had always led such lives for generations.

The Guardians were far too harsh to these Dark Ones.

As he walked around the village, he observed that the black-haired Dark Ones were rather similar to the Human Race. Other than the fact that their constitutions were weak, their meridians were far too narrow and their dantian too small that it was impossible to cultivate martial arts, their feelings, temperament and way of living were very similar to how the Human Race lived in the Vast Thousand Domains, so it was hard to believe that these black-haired Dark Ones were native to the Dark Realm.

The heavens truly cherished all living creatures.

No matter how harsh the conditions were, it could still produce life.

"The Bitter Hill Village is located at the edge of Central City, so we are the poorest village. I heard that there is a magical electric lamp that can be found in the larger villages closer to the city and this lamp doesn't require kerosene or fuel, and it only relies on an electric wire to give off light. This was something the wise men have invented…"

Electric light?

Electric wire?

Did it rely on the power of electricity?

"The wise men you mentioned earlier, are they martial arts experts?" he asked curiously.

The little girl shook her head and said, "I heard from the adults that the wise men of our race are intellectuals who have a true understanding of the secrets of the universe and they have dug out many secrets from the underground that have the power to change the world. However, they are not martial artists and do not have the ability to fly like the Guardians of Central City."

He became even more curious after hearing her words.

Those men had dug out secrets from the underground?

According to Eleven, the Earth Nation was a broken shard of a planet once known as Earth that had since been destroyed. Did this mean that those wise men of the Dark Ones had discovered some ancient relics of civilization and thus, mastered some techniques that once belonged to that civilization?

If I have the chance, I should pay a visit to those wise men,
he thought to himself.

A crimson blaze was suddenly reflected on Zhen Wanting's face and surprise filled her thin and pale face as she stared at the distance ahead.

He followed the direction of her gaze and saw that there were suddenly several balls of flame that skyrocketed into the air. This was exceptionally eye-catching sight in the dark night sky and the surrounding mountainous areas were instantly lit up beautifully.

"Ah, a fire must have broken out at the village ten-kilometers ahead. How could… there be such a big fire…" Zhen Wanting knew that something was wrong. This wasn't the first time a village had caught fire, but it was impossible for the fire to be so big.

Ye Qingyu stood on a mountain rock and released his divine sense.

Killing intent flashed across his face.

The villagers of Bitter Hill Village were all awakened by the bright flames in the distance and they ran over to take a closer look. Some were screaming as though they wanted to send others to put out the fire…

Then, a black airship flew toward the village.

"This airship belongs to the Guardians of Central City."

"The Guardians have arrived."

"Are they here to put out the fire?"

"Wait, that's not right. They came from the direction of the village ten kilometers away, and the fire had started there…"

The villagers chattered anxiously amongst themselves.

Eleven, who was in the stone hall, had also noticed that something was amiss and rushed over to Ye Qingyu at the first instance.

The airship quickly made its descent.

Several dozen figures clad in silver armor transformed into rays of flowing light and landed at the village. "Where is the village chief?" the leader yelled.

Chen Sheng, the village chief, walked out from their midst with a smile as everyone else stared at the soldiers in confusion and fear. He bowed respectfully and said, "Sir… I am the village chief. May I know what you are here for?"

"Gather all the villagers. Our Lord is carrying out an investigation," the soldier issued an order contemptuously.

Chen Sheng quickly nodded and said, "Yes yes yes, I'll see to it right away. Could you let me know what your Lord is investigating? I saw that a fire has broken out at the village ten kilometers away and since you have come from that direction, could you let us know what happened…"

Before he could finish his sentence—

Bam!

The leader of these soldiers immediately kicked Chen Sheng so hard that he somersaulted in the air and when he landed, his face was swollen and bruised. Then, he scoffed coldly, "You'll know soon enough what my Lord is investigating, so how dare you as a lowly peasant, try to question his intentions? If you continue to ask any more questions, I'll behead you."



Chen Sheng quickly shut his mouth and a feeling of dread crept over him. He could only beat the broken drum in the middle of the village to summon all the villagers.

"These are the soldiers from the military camp at Central City," Eleven whispered into Ye Qingyu's ear.

He nodded.

He wanted to use this opportunity to see for himself what these so-called Guardians were like. From what he had gathered thus far, these soldiers all looked mean and vicious and did not look like good people. They treated the black-haired Dark Ones like they were beasts and it was clear that they had gotten used to pushing the Dark Ones around.

Soon, over a thousand villagers had gathered at the village square and they were all trembling in fear, the terror on their faces clear.

The black airship finally landed.

This huge black ship looked like a bloodthirsty beast of the night and struck fear into the hearts of the helpless villagers who huddled together in terror.

Zhen Wanting had also hidden herself behind Ye Qingyu.

However, these soldiers would not be able to detect both Ye Qingyu and Eleven's presence.

A ladder was lowered down from the deck of the airship.

They could vaguely make out the figures of many black-haired Dark Ones on the ship who were all strung together with metal chains in cages. They cried and wailed loudly as they struggled, like wild beasts in despair…

"Oh no, these fellows are here to capture slaves…" Eleven immediately understood what was going on.

"Capture slaves?" Ye Qingyu turned to look at Eleven.

Eleven hurriedly explained, "Several noblemen in the camp of the Guardians often secretly capture these foreign Dark Ones and sell them as slaves. Although this is illegal in the eyes of the law, there is no actual way of prohibiting it because there is a huge profit to be made from these transactions and it is essentially a business that doesn't require any capital… These soldiers must be acting on the orders of the noblemen at Central City and after burning down the nearby village earlier, they have come to capture the Dark Ones who live in Bitter Hill Village. No one will be spared from their rampage and after tonight, Bitter Hill Village will no longer exist. The healthy young men will be sold as slaves while the old and the young will all be killed to be used as fodder for their war pets in the military camp!"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1108:


Chapter 1123
–
If one tries to escape, kill one



It was Ye Qingyu's first time hearing this.

Capture slaves?

These black-haired Dark Ones were treated as slaves, and the sick, old and weak as food. This sort of thing would only happen in the most foolish and backward domain in the world. It was simply a dark history of the intelligent creatures, but these high and mighty Guardians had actually done this sort of thing?

“Lord, what do we do?” Eleven asked.

Ye Qingyu scrunched his brows together, “Let's take a look first.”

“Yes.” Eleven made no more movements.

At this moment, the two figures coming down from the black airship were evidently the leaders. Under the escort of the soldiers of the military camp, they came to a small dirt field. One was a middle-aged man in silk robes with no official title, and the other was a burly general, with sword-like brows and a fierce-looking face.

“Who is the village chief?” The middle-aged man wore an indifferent expression, his eyes swept over the shivering villagers who had gathered in the small dirt field, like he was looking at a group of animals.

Chen Sheng came over with a smiling face, bowing repeatedly as he asked politely, “Lord, I am. I wonder what is the reason for honourable Lord to come to Bitter Hill Village?”

“Who is the culprit that killed the pet beasts of the City Lord's residence?” The middle-aged man stared at Chen Sheng piercingly, “Speak.”

Chen Sheng's body quivered inwardly when he heard these words.

As expected, they were here because of the death of the pet beasts.

He bit his teeth, “Lord, I do not know what you are talking about, the pet beasts have not come to our Bitter Hill Village today, I...”

Bang!

The middle-aged man lashed out with a kick, breaking one side of Chen Sheng's shoulder. His skin ruptured and blood splattered; half of his body was almost broken. “I will give you one more chance, speak.”

Chen Sheng had almost lost consciousness from the pain.

Although he was relatively strong amongst the black-haired Dark Ones, he had never practiced martial arts before, and adding to this, he was malnourished, thus this kind of injury was equal to taking away most of his life. His mouth was wide open, spurting out jets of blood, arms and legs were shivering and twitching from pain, and sweat had soaked on his forehead.

“Lord, I...” Chen Sheng felt everything had darkened in front of him, and almost could not withstand any longer.

“He...” A young woman in a linen robe rushed out from the crowd, and tightly held Chen Sheng in her arms. It was his wife. Seeing her husband being seriously wounded was the same as watching the sky collapse in front of her. Her heart almost stood still with fright and she wept uncontrollably.

“Daddy, daddy...” a five- or six-year-old girl broke free from the people pulling her back, rushed out and sobbed helplessly.

“Speak, who killed the pet beasts? Where did it go?” The middle-aged man in silk robes was Shao Xuzheng, who simply did not care about the lives of these ordinary people, and only wanted to catch the culprit to report back to the young City Lord.

“Haha...” Chen Sheng miraculously restored a little consciousness, but only bitterly smiled without opening his mouth.

His wife wanted to say something, but stopped when he gushed out a large mouthful of blood, saying: “No... can't say... I... us black-haired Dark Ones, although... although we are lowly citizens, but... still we keep to our promises... cough...” Blood and flesh spewed out of his mouth.

“Ah ah ah, daddy, daddy, are you okay? Daddy...” The daughter wept in a panic, holding Chen Sheng's hand tightly.

Shao Xuzheng was surprisingly not angry, instead smiled in response to this scene. “Well, a group of lowly ordinary citizens dare to say that to me here. Very good, I want see how hard your bones bone... Somebody, chop this little thing into minced meat.”

He was pointing to the little girl.

Immediately there were soldiers of the military camp pulling out their swords.

“Daddy...” Terror-stricken, the little girl shrank into her mother and father's arms.

“No...” The young wife desperately screamed and struggled.

“One last chance, are you speaking or not?” Shao Xuzheng looked at Chen Sheng, and then his eyes turned to the other villagers. “And you guys, as long as you say who it is, I can spare your life today, otherwise, your Bitter Hill Village will be washed with blood.”

There was a commotion among the villagers.

Someone opened his mouth to say something, but was pulled back by the people next to him.

Chen Sheng had a bit of prestige among the villagers, and usually took good care of the them. He was known to be righteous and fair, and in such a difficult environment the black-haired Dark Ones were extremely united. After a moment of hesitation, unexpectedly no one came forward to speak.

“Fine, kill.” Shao Xuzheng gritted his teeth.

Chen Sheng closed his eyes in pain.

There were flashes of knives.

Pu!

Blood splashed.

“Ah...” The sound of a strange scream.

But everyone was stunned.

Because it was not the little girl who screamed out, but the soldier of the military camp with the blade. His arm that was gripped around a small blade was severed from the shoulder, fell to the ground, and blood jetted everywhere...

The little girl, on the other hand, was unscathed.

What happened?

Shao Xuzheng was bewildered.

Yao Xin, the chief of the patrol guards, also knitted his brows. His gaze swept across, eyes twinkling with fierce light, as he said in a low voice, “Who was it that secretly attacked? Since you are here, please show up and don't sneak around in the dark.”

The ripples of the void flickered.

Ye Qingyu emerged from the ripples.

Followed by Eleven and Zhen Wanting.

In the distant crowd, Zhen Wanting's mother immediately breathed a sigh of relief when she saw this scene. She had searched everywhere for her daughter and was afraid that she had met with an accident. Now she finally felt at ease.

“Who are you?” Shao Xuzheng's eyes fell on Ye Qingyu, his pupils shrinking. He could tell with one glance that the tall and burly young man who was shrouded in flames was a martial arts expert.

Ye Qingyu did not answer, but arrived next to Chen Sheng, who was already at his last breath. A blue-green brilliance flashed out, pouring into his body.

In less than one second, the originally seriously injured and dying Chen Sheng had immediately recovered and became much stronger than before. His many illnesses and conditions had vanishes without a trace, and he was left feeling a hundred times more energetic than before, as though he had gained extraordinary strength.

“Lord, thank you, Lord, thank you...” Chen Sheng bowed his head with great gratitude.

His wife was also deeply grateful.

The little girl said in a sweet voice, “Thank you uncle for saving my father, when Huan’er is older I want to marry uncle...”

A child's words carry no harm. Ye Qingyu smiled amusingly.

This may be the best way the little girl thought of to repay him.

“Who are you?” Shao Xuzheng's voice grew increasingly cold. Glowering at Ye Qingyu he warned, “You may be strong, but I advise you to not make a mistake. We are the guards of the Central City of the Luoshen Ridge, and not people that you wandering martial artists should anger. Hurry and report your name.”

It was only then that Ye Qingyu turned around to look at him, “Me? I'm the one you're looking for.”

“You... you killed the pet beasts of the City Lord’s residence?” Even if Shao Xuzheng was a fool, he would also understand.

However, from the way that Ye Qingyu had so frankly admitted to it, and that he seemed to have no intention of leaving Bitter Hill Village after killing the pet beasts and looked more like he was waiting for them to trace him down, made Shao Xuxaheng increase his vigilance.

“Those human-eating beasts, so what if they are killed? They should have died thousands of times long ago,” Ye Qingyu said indifferently.

Then he turned to say to Chen Sheng, “Give peaches in return for peaches, in the future I will protect this Bitter Hill Village, no one can touch you guys.”

Chen Sheng's face lit up with joy.

The villagers in the distance also cheered in a low voice.

“Hahahahaha...” Yao Xin, the chief of the military camp, suddenly broke into cold laughter, as though he had heard the most ridiculous joke. “This is really the biggest joke I have ever heard. Who are you, how dare you say such arrogant nonsense, you want to shelter the village under the rule of the Luoshen Ridge? You are unable to even save yourself, let alone others!”

Ye Qingyu looked at him, a glint of contempt and ridicule in his eyes.

“I advise you to admit defeat, do not make futile struggles. If you are willing to surrender, then I can let the lowly citizens of the Bitter Hill Village go. Otherwise, when you die, these lowly citizens will have to be buried because of your foolish behaviour.” Shao Xuzheng's eyes flashed a sinister gleam.

Ye Qingyu looked at him contemptuously, “One's appearance reveals one's heart. You are so hideous and sinister looking, you must be a sinister, venomous snake. Do you think I will believe what you say... Haha, what status do you have in the City Lord residence?”

“I am the third housekeeper in the City Lord’s residence.” Shao Xuzheng fumed. “What? Am I still not qualified to talk to you?”

Ye Qingyu lightly nodded, and then cast a glance at Yao Xin, “What about you?”

“This is Chief Yao Xin of the Central City military camp of my Luoshen Ridge. Haha, Chief Yao had personally come, what else do you have to say?”

When this came out, the villagers of Bitter Hill Village, including Chen Sheng, suddenly had an abrupt change of expression. Both of them were real influential people in Central City. Such terrifying figures had appeared... what should they do?

Who would have thought that at this moment Ye Qingyu shook his head and sighed, “I've waited half a day, but only two trash had come, what a disappointment... you...” He pointed to Shao Xuzheng, “Since you are the housekeeper of the City Lord's residence you must be able to see Zhang Longcheng easily, tell him to come see me in Bitter Hill Village.”

“Haha, arrogant, what are you, you dare make such arrogant requests...” Yao Xin laughed disdainfully.

Ye Qingyu shook his head, “Kill him.”

Behind him, Eleven also quivered when he heard this. But he did not dare to have the slightest hesitation. Immediately, a beam of sword light burst forth from his hands.

Boom!

Before Yao Xin, who was howling with laughter, could react, the sword had already severed him into blood mist and disappeared into the air. Not even a trace of flesh and blood was left behind.

At this time, the sound of sword light piercing the air could be heard.

In an instant, the whole dirt field fell utterly silent.

The countless soldiers of the military camp were staring at the scene in wide-eyed disbelief.

Shao Xuzheng opened his mouth, subconsciously wanted to say something, but his mind had gone blank.

Chief Yao had been killed?

He was killed like that?

It happened so suddenly, without the slightest warning or sign.

Shao Xuzheng trembled all over.

He finally understood what sort of existence he had provoked tonight. Even a servant of his could kill one of the top ten masters of Central City of Luoshen Ridge like slaughtering a chicken, then how powerful would the master be?

“You... you...” Shao Xuzheng wanted to turn around and run away.

Ye Qingyu smiled faintly, “If one tries to escape, kill one, if a pair tries to escape, kill a pair. You guys aren’t any good people anyway... Now, you can go find Zhang Longcheng for me, right?”

He was looking at Shao Xuzheng——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

