Chapter 1285:


Chapter 1299, Jump around for a little while

Wild joy quickly spread across the faces of the officials of the Heaven Wasteland Building.

Because they also could tell that this voice belongs to the strongest martial artist, Palace Lord Ye Qingyu, who everybody in Heaven Wasteland Empire worships.

They didn't expect the martial arts legend who had supported the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain all by himself to appear in the most desperate time.

They turned around to see the door of Heaven Wasteland Building opened. A row of people walked out, led by a man with black hair that flowed down his back like a waterfall, white clothes as pure as snow, and was incredibly handsome and elegant. Who else would it be besides Ye Qingyu? And following behind Ye Qingyu were the guard of Light Palace Luo Yi, Ximen Yeshui and the young [Pill King] of Heaven Wasteland Domain Lin Baiyi as well as the [Blade King] of Heaven Wasteland Domain Qin Zhishui.

“Lord, you... the seal of Heaven Wasteland Domain has been lifted?” the Great Dragon Turtle Demon exclaimed.

The back hall of the Heaven Wasteland Building had long been transformed into a small space formation world, which can allow one to directly teleport from Heaven Connect City to Heaven Wasteland Domain. Since Ye Qingyu and others had appeared from the back of the hall, then they must have traveled through the transportation formation. With this thought, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon could finally relax.

“Pays respect to Palace Lord Ye Qingyu.”

“Pays respect to Lord.”

The officials of the Heaven Wasteland Building bowed respectfully one after another.

Although there were still Quasi-emperor forces and experts outside, all the officials of Heaven Wasteland had already relaxed completely. The wrath and sorrow they felt before had been swept away, and there was no longer the slightest hint of fear. When they heard Ye Qingyu's voice, the apprehensions they had was gone immediately, because this man had never let anyone down. He had created miracles time and time again, defeated strong enemies, and in the eyes of all living beings of Heaven Wasteland, Ye Qingyu was their martial arts belief, their spiritual pillar. This man represented invincibility, represented strength, represented an undefeatable legend.

“There were some little matters going on in Heaven Wasteland Domain, but they're completely settled now.” Ye Qingyu raised his hand, and a gentle force lifted the crowd up, as he said with a smile, “It looks like you’re in trouble, what happened?”

He didn't know what was going on, but vaguely guessed something.

The Great Dragon Turtle Demon indignantly recounted everything that had happened in the Heaven Wasteland Building and what the envoys of Heaven Wasteland Empire in other major domains had experienced, especially the death of the envoy in Water Moon Domain and the fury of the experts of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Ye Qingyu's face flashed murderous intent when he heard this. “These people really do not learn from their mistakes. The same thing has already happened several times before, but they still cannot calm down. Haha, just a few Quasi-emperors, yet they dare to step on the head of our Heaven Wasteland Domain? Do they not want to live?” He released his divine sense and grasped the aura of all the Quasi-emperors far and near. Particularly the aura of the Four Stars Holy Girl, which was like raging flames. It was evident that her cultivation base had reached a very high level.

When Ye Qingyu crippled this woman, he did not think that she could come back and recover. This was really a surprise to him. It is likely that she did not rely on her power or the power of the Four Stars Sect to do so, but might have cooperated with some outside forces. There might even be shadows of the Sky Emperor behind this.

“Haha, really any dogs or cats can come.” Ximen Yeshui was already very dark but as he was speaking his face darkened even more, and an undisguised killing intent came to his face. “Haha, this time, Brother Ye Qingyu won't need to do anything. I will help you get rid of this bunch of trash... Especially that holy girl. This time she must be destroyed completely. Brother you cannot pity her this time. This woman is like a poisonous snake. Only you will suffer if you don't kill the snake.”

Ximen Yeshui's strength had already reached a very powerful level. He was very confident in dealing with the group of Quasi-emperors outside.

Qin Zhishui and Lin Baiyi were also eager to try.

Ye Qingyu retracted his divine sense, shook his head, and said, “There is no hurry, we shall first let them jump around for a while. Let’s see who will jump and if others will jump out before we make a move. As for the Four Stars Sect... I don't see any need for it to exist in this world anymore.”

Ye Qingyu was in fact also enraged.

……

Time flew by.

The deadline set by the alliance of several major sects and the Four Stars Sect had come.

“Haha, Ye Qingyu really is afraid and doesn't dare to show up, instead he sent the cockroaches in the Heaven Wasteland Building to die...” The Four Stars Holy Girl sneered and then issued the command, “Attack, first take over the Heaven Wasteland Building and then find that Ye Qingyu.”

She was incredibly confident and her stance was very tough.

Boom!

Several powerful beams of light, at the same time, bombarded the outer protective shield of the Heaven Wasteland Building, stirring up layers of ripples, and terrifying power spread out, which caused the surrounding buildings to collapse.

However, the protective light shield of the Heaven Wasteland Building, although flickering, had not been broken.

Countless onlookers, upon seeing this scene, had a change of expression.

It had to be admitted that Heaven Wasteland Domain’s foundation was not weak at all.

Watching their property being destroyed, the owners of the surrounding buildings also dared not say much. The Four Stars Sect, Tianqian Sect and other forces of the alliance had already said that, no matter how much the damage is, they will compensate with double the amount. Thus at this time they had no reason to argue with this monster-like alliance.

“Continue the attack.”

The Four Stars Holy Girl sat down and gave an order.

Boom!

Countless powerful beams of light constantly bombarded the Heaven Wasteland Building.

These were all top Great Saint experts of the alliance attempting to break the defense of the Heaven Wasteland Building.

As an alliance headed by the Four Stars Sect, this was a good opportunity to flex its muscles and strength.

The Four Stars Holy Girl sat high on the platform in the distance with a cold and cruel smile on her face.

In the past, she was a real Holy Girl in the world——at least on the surface. She was a sacred and pure existence, high and mighty, and was a goddess in the hearts of countless people. But since the appearance of Ye Qingyu, her goddess image was gradually shattered, and in her view, it was Ye Qingyu who destroyed her everything and caused her to fall from the altar, and become a loser that everyone hates.

Therefore now, she no longer cared about her image.

This time, she wanted to use the most powerful and cruel means to tell the world that the woman who had to cover her face with a veil no matter what she did no longer exists. Now she could do whatever she wants to do without hesitation, such as...

Destroy the Heaven Wasteland Building.

Once they break through the Heaven Wasteland Building, she planned to skin all the people in the building, and kill and dismember all those loyal to Ye Qingyu, and then hang them on the gate of Heaven Connect City to tell the whole world that the former beautiful holy girl no longer exists.

Replacing her was a cold-hearted and ruthless female tyrant.

The era of the female tyrant had descended.

In a blink of an eye, the time to make a cup of tea had passed.

Under the fierce and crazy bombardment, the defensive shield of the Heaven Wasteland Building remained intact. Although it seemed shaky, it was in fact still firmly in place.

The Four Stars Holy Girl narrowed her eyes slightly.

She felt anger.

The time spent was a little more than she could bear.

“Ask the Palace Master of the Black Moon Immortal Palace to help out.”

Someone immediate pass along the order.

Among the remaining members of the Black Moon Immortal Palace, there was an old monster that was not killed under the sanctions of the Domain Alliance and Ye Qingyu. Instead he escaped, and because of some reasons, he had now achieved the Quasi-emperor realm and become one of the top forces in the alliance.

After a short moment.

All sorts of crazy attacks stopped.

“Haha, above the black moon, I alone am the honoured one... Today is the day of revenge, and the beginning of the re-emergence of my Black Moon Immortal Palace.” A figure shrouded in black moonlight appeared and descended onto the Heaven Wasteland Building, his voice hoarse like an owl.

Suffocating powers filled the air.

In an instant, the experts of all sides that came to watch had an abrupt change of countenance.

“A Quasi-emperor expert!”

“Black Moon Immortal Palace? Wasn’t this sect extinguished by Ye Qingyu? How could there be the birth of a Quasi-emperor expert? Did the heavens have pity on this sect?”

“Finally there is a Quasi-emperor level existence making a move, the Heaven Wasteland Building is finished.”

There were all kinds of discussions crazily bubbling like an undercurrent tide.

This scene also made some people, who originally stood on the side of the Heaven Wasteland Empire, hesitate and retreat. From the start, Heaven Wasteland Domain had been in a passive state, which was suggestive that the rumours were true. Perhaps Heaven Wasteland Domain and Ye Qingyu had really encountered great trouble and were unable to protect themselves.

Just then——

Boom!

A red-black pillar of light, like the arrival of the black moon, instantly struck the Heaven Wasteland Building.

The ground quaked.

Following crackling noises, the defensive shield of Heaven Wasteland Building was finally shattered.

“Kekeke... the time for revenge has come.” The Quasi-emperor enveloped in black moon mist made an owl-like roar, turned into a stream of flowing light, and, with incomparably murderous intent, sped towards Heaven Wasteland Building. “Keke, shatter, let the blood of Heaven Wasteland dye this land red.”

Anyone can feel the boiling murderous spirit and incomparable violent power of the Black Moon Quasi-emperor.

Just as the Heaven Wasteland Building, like a small hill under a mountain torrent, was about to be crushed into ruins, a sudden change occurred——

Bang!

A fist formed from yuan qi rumbled out from the Heaven Wasteland Building, directly blasted away the Black Moon Quasi-emperor who was speeding down. A high and mighty Quasi-emperor, in that moment, did not even have the time to react or dodge.

That scene was like a fly being swatted away.

“Ah...” The Black Moon Quasi-emperor was knocked thousands of meters away, spewing out jets of blood.

At this moment, the door of Heaven Wasteland Building that had been closed all this time was finally pushed open slowly.

A handsome man with black waterfall-like hair, and dressed in a snow-white robe confidently and elegantly came out the door. Behind him, he was followed by the Great Dragon Turtle Demon and many other experts of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

However, for a moment, all eyes were fixed on this man.

“Ye Qingyu!

In the distance, the Four Stars Holy Girl sprang to her feet, calling out the name with a piercing-cold and sinister tone of voice.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1286:


Chapter 1300, Catch everything in one net

“You finally showed up?”

Watching Ye Qingyu walk out from the Heaven Wasteland Building, the expression on the face of the Four Stars Holy Girl turned incomparably sinister. The originally beautiful and pure face was somewhat contorted. Looking at Ye Qingyu from afar, after the initial change of expression, her lips curled in an anticipating smile.

“Good, you showed up. Today will be the end of the legend, and this day next year, I will plant a grass for you.” “

The Four Stars Sect Holy Girl rose to her feet.

She walked down from the high platform, and every step she took in the void, there were black ripples blossoming out. Under the attention of countless people, she slowly strode towards the Heaven Wasteland Building.

At the same time, in the sky, the Black Moon Quasi-emperor also steadied his body.

“Despicable.” He stared coldly at Ye Qingyu below, “You dare attack me from behind?”

Yes, the Black Moon Quasi-emperor concluded that his defeat was due to Ye Qingyu's sudden attack from behind. He firmly believed that if it were a face-to-face battle, there was no way Ye Qingyu could wound him so severely with one move.

However, Ye Qingyu did not glance at him, treating him like air.

Under countless watchful gazes, Ye Qingyu's eyes, as if there was no focal point, swept around. The aura of each expert above the Saint realm within hundreds of kilometers of him was clearly remembered. Among them, there were some who came to watch, some here to help Heaven Wasteland Domain, and of course the majority were accomplices gathered by the several powerful forces, such as the Four Stars Sect, and were hiding all over the place.

This time, Ye Qingyu would not let these people go.

“What? You don’t dare to speak, do you admit it then?” The Black Moon Quasi-emperor sneered. Activating the power of the Black Moon, it looked as if the brilliance of death was curling around his body.

Hearing that, Ximen Yeshui finally couldn’t hold back any longer.

“You're already a dead man yet still don't know anything, still jumping and barking like a clown. You really are pitiful and pathetic!” Ximen Yeshui looked the Black Moon Quasi-emperor with a gaze like he was looking at a dead pig tied to a board, full of ridicule and pity.

“What did you say? You...” The Black Moon Quasi-emperor was enraged.

However, the next moment——

Bang!

His body, suddenly exploded, like a watermelon shot by a powerful arrow. Immediately, red and white liquid splattered everywhere, turning into a puddle of blood and sprinkled from the void. The spiritual qi and power contained within the flesh and blood, also in this moment, transformed into a cloud of blood mist, drifting towards Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu reached his hand out with a grabbing motion, refining the Black Moon Quasi-emperor’s lifetime cultivation base, and compressed it into a drop of spinning blood pill, before he stored it away.

All around there were gasps of astonishment.

It was only then that everybody understood that during the exchange of moves just now, Ye Qingyu's punch had not only struck the Black Moon Quasi-emperor, but completely taken away his life source. This was all done without even the Black Moon Quasi-emperor knowing, yet he was still shouting arrogantly. In the end, the murderous intent within his body broke out and led him to a tragic end.

It really was a terrifying means.

This was the means of the strongest expert of the Human Race?

Some of the new rising martial artists in recent years, who had only heard about the various legends but had never witnessed the terror of Ye Qingyu's power before, at this time also couldn't help trembling with fear. In the present age, where Quasi-emperors were appearing one after another in great numbers, the killing of a Quasi-emperor may not be a shocking matter, but to kill someone without them being aware, like Ye Qingyu had done, was unimaginable.

For a while, some of the experts of the anti-Heaven Wasteland Domain alliance knitted their brows in a frown.

The scene before them was somewhat familiar. There had been many times before when Heaven Wasteland Domain was in a desperate situation that this man called Ye Qingyu easily reversed everything. This time, will it be the same?

“Ye Qingyu, we meet again.” The Four Stars Holy Girl came stepping through the air.

In the end, she stood in the space hundreds of meters in front of the Heaven Wasteland Building, staring down with a fierce look.

“Time and time again I had given you a chance in the past. This time, no one can save you.” Ye Qingyu looked at the Four Stars Holy Girl, extremely clear and certain killing intent in his heart but the look in his eyes was incredibly calm.

Now, the killing of one or two Quasi-emperors, for Ye Qingyu, was like pinching a fly to death. It cannot stir up any waves in his heart.

The only thing that Ye Qingyu felt regret towards was that the love of the Third Prince of the Mizar Race, a present age genius, was unable to guide this ruthless woman back to the right path. He originally thought that after the last life and death situation, this woman would finally wake up, and would cherish the people around her and her life. Unexpectedly, she won't shed a tear until she sees the coffin. If he had known about this earlier, he would have sent her on the road in the last battle of the Four Stars Sect.

“Hahahaha, ridiculous.” The Four Stars Holy Girl threw her head back and coldly laughed, black hair dancing wildly like snakes, eyes sharp as a knife, as she looked down. “Save me? Ye Qingyu, don't dream, you should think about how to save yourself first? Your actions before have already angered the heavens and the people. Now, my Four Stars Sect has joined forces with a number of major sects. There are sixteen Quasi-emperors here. Even if you are made of iron, how many nails can you take? As soon as you die, the Heaven Wasteland Empire will be destroyed. Everything you did to my Four Stars Sect will be repeated on your Heaven Wasteland Empire.”

As her voice faded, there were powers spreading from all sides that made countless people palpitate.

The next moment, a number of figures from near and far and from different directions, were darting over to the Four Stars Holy Girl's side to show their position. These figures were all enveloped in Quasi-emperor level aura. In addition to the Black Moon Quasi-emperor, who had just been killed, there was a total of fifteen Quasi-emperor existences. Of which there were some powerful Quasi-emperors who had made a name for themselves in the past few years.

“That's correct, we're all here,” a Quasi-emperor covered in dark-green flames stated proudly.

“Now, the golden era has arrived, hundreds of flowers are in full bloom. The era where you suppressed the world by yourself has passed. You should accept it.” The Patriarch of the Tianqian Sect gave a sinister smile. “The golden era belongs to all living beings, your time is over. We will send you on the road, and personally put an end to your life.”

“It's my pleasure to be able to bury a martial arts legend.” Another foreign race Quasi-emperor wore a relaxed smile on his face thinking that everything was under control.

The atmosphere suddenly turned incomparably tense.

Ye Qingyu had showed tyrannical and unparalleled power by killing the Black Moon Quasi-emperor. He had used the blood and spirit of a Quasi-emperor to tell the world that he still has the ruling power. But the problem was that, this time, he was not facing one or two Quasi-emperors, but fifteen Quasi-emperors at the same time. Even in the age of Quasi-emperors, a force like this could still destroy almost everything, and was considered as an almost invincible existence.

Many people looked at Ye Qingyu with a pitiful gaze.

It is a pity that a martial arts legend cannot escape this siege. This has to be said to be a sad ending. The behaviour of the Four Stars Holy Girl and others was very despicable, but the force was so great that many people were afraid to speak out.

Fifteen Quasi-emperors were slowly approaching.

“Damn, my Brother Ye Qingyu is too unlucky.”

Ximen Yeshui couldn't stand it any longer.

He really couldn't watch the jumping clowns showing off anymore. The matters that had happened in the Dark Realm and Heaven Wasteland Domain had not spread to the Vast Thousand Domains yet. They were just a group of Quasi-emperors. Let alone in front of Ye Qingyu, even in front of him, they were like ants. When Ye Qingyu shows his real strength later, what would these people be like?

Ye Qingyu secretly motioned Ximen Yeshui to not let out the secret.

He took two steps forward, swept his eyes around, and said, “Haha, who else wants to take advantage of the fire, why don’t you all stand up together.”

“Haha, count me in.” A Quasi-emperor figure, whose face was obscured by purple mist, shot a glance at the Four Stars Holy Girl and the others, saying, “I heard that there is no shortage of famous mountains and rivers in Heaven Wasteland Domain. I'll help you kill Ye Qingyu, destroy the Heaven Wasteland Empire, and after that I want to choose a mountain in Heaven Wasteland Domain to establish my own sect.”

“Okay.” The Four Stars Holy Girl agreed right away.

There was no reason to refuse.

The addition of a Quasi-emperor meant that today's hunt for Ye Qingyu was more certain——though she already felt that everything was completely under her control.

Following this, another three Quasi-emperors, who previously chose to observe in the dark, made a choice and decided to join forces with the Four Stars Holy Girl.

Ximen Yeshui clutched his stomach with laughter when he saw this scene.

A few more had come to throw away their lives.

“Very good, they all jumped out, it will save a lot of effort by catching everyone in one net.” Ye Qingyu laughed wildly, soaring into the sky.

“Having returned from the Dark Realm, I did not want to kill without mercy. There are many things in the past that cannot be pursued. You all know that it is the golden age now, but you must not know who created this golden age. You live in happiness but are not grateful for it. Your strength may have improved, but you lack a mind that matches up to that strength. Your ambition is too wild, like a snake trying to swallow an elephant...” Ye Qingyu’s
laughter abruptly ceased, his expression turned stern and his voice grew cold, “Since this is the case, I have no choice but to kill, clean away your dark souls, and create a real golden age.”

Just as the Four Stars Holy Girl was about to retort, her countenance abruptly changed.

She saw an indescribable aura of terror spreading out from the body of Ye Qingyu.

In an instant, all of the Quasi-emperor experts were like leaves caught in a tornado, shivering all over uncontrollably, then dropped from the air and collapsed on the ground, unable to move.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1287:


Chapter 1301: Shock all sides

“What?”

“How is that possible?”

“Heavens...”

“It's...”

Countless people, in this moment, as if they saw a ghost, were unable to contain the shock in their hearts, and cried out in surprise one after another.

Such a scene was too shocking. The dozens of Quasi-emperors, who were high and mighty martial arts existences, in front of Ye Qingyu, were unable to withstand a single blow. Ye Qingyu had only released his aura, but the so-called Quasi-emperor alliance was already falling apart.

Watching the Quasi-emperors sinking to their knees, one after another, all eyeballs were about to burst.

“You... you... you...” The Four Stars Holy Girl had lost the previous ruthlessness and calm, struggling to look up at where Ye Qingyu was. “You’re already...” She was already a top expert among the Quasi-emperors, and had almost stepped onto the eighth step of the Quasi-emperor realm. She thought that she could firmly suppress Ye Qingyu, and even if she were unable to, she had other methods to deal with him. However, she didn’t think that Ye Qingyu, by only slightly releasing his aura, was able to turn all her self-confidence and preparation into a cloud of smoke.

What cultivation realm has Ye Qingyu reached?

The ninth step of the Quasi-emperor realm?

The peak of Quasi-emperor?

Or... Martial Emperor?

Stormy waves were lifted in the heart of the Four Stars Holy Girl.

Having the same reaction and expression as her were the other great Quasi-emperors.

Feeling the vast power rushing forth from Ye Qingyu's body, even if they were to activate their Quasi-emperor qi to its peak, they would still absolutely look like little boats in a stormy sea... no, stems of grass, unable to control themselves and overpowered by a force beyond the scope of their understanding. That sense of powerlessness was like the feeling of not being able to control your body when you're just born.

Heavens, how did this happen?

What power is this?

Ye Qingyu is that strong?

They couldn't understand why something like this would happen.

Ximen Yeshui finally couldn't help bursting into laughter, while slapping his legs. “Hahaha, so funny, a group of clowns suddenly found... found that they are besieging a tiger... that feeling...”

The Great Dragon Turtle Demon and other officials of the Heaven Wasteland Building, at this moment, were completely dumbfounded.

Although they believed that as long as Ye Qingyu appears, he can certainly reverse the situation, can save the crisis, but they didn’t think the method that Ye Qingyu would use to reverse the situation to be so simple, so relaxed and so casual... Seeing the high and mighty Quasi-emperors all kneeling on the ground, like dogs that have had their spine broken, that feeling was really too satisfying, even more so than eating ice-cold watermelon in the shade on the hottest day.

At the same time, they also couldn't help a huge question coming to mind.

Lord Ye Qingyu, what cultivation realm was he at now?

The peak of the Quasi-emperor?

Pseudo-Emperor?

Or...

There were two words that came to their minds, but they were afraid to say them out loud.

Because those words were too terrifying and too shocking.

But, the next moment, Ximen Yeshui said it straight out——

“Haha, Quasi-emperors? Are Quasi-emperors terrifying? Can Quasi-emperors destroy everything? You really are too naive, like frogs at the bottom of a well. The reason for the emergence of this golden era is because my Brother Ye Qingyu has opened up the pass of heaven and earth, killed all the enemies of darkness, so that the laws of heaven and earth and the tide of power of the Vast Thousand Domains can surge to their highest peak. You are just a group of pathetic worms who enjoy other people's success. Even if you had become Quasi-emperors, you are still like jumping clowns, can't wait to jump out and try to overthrow the order that wasn't easy to calm? To tell you the truth, there is not only one Martial Emperor in my Heaven Wasteland Empire. A present age Martial Emperor also follows my Brother Ye Qingyu... Haha, you ugly ants want to destroy the Heaven Wasteland Empire? What a joke. A tiny insect is trying to shake a mighty tree,” Ximen Yeshui scolded to his heart's content.

He really couldn't stand watching this group of frog-like clowns.

He did scold to his heart’s content, but everyone around him, hearing what he had said, were so shocked that they saw stars dance before their eyes and were about to faint.

Because the information revealed was too astonishing.

There is more than one Martial Emperor in the Heaven Wasteland Empire?

A present age Martial Emperor is following Ye Qingyu?

What sort of level had Ye Qingyu's strength reached? Above the Martial Emperor?

This... have we misheard it?

Someone subconsciously rubbed his eyes and rubbed his ears.

What Ximen Yeshui said can be said to be the most unbelievable thing that the many experts present had heard in their lives. If it were at any other previous occasion, no matter who it was that said such words, they would have been treated as a madman. But at this moment, seeing several Quasi-emperors being suppressed by Ye Qingyu's imposing manner like ants, they kind of believed in what Ximen Yeshui said.

If he had not reached the Martial Emperor realm then how could he have suppress so many Quasi-emperors with imposing manner alone?

Heavens, is that the true strength of the strongest person in the world?

It was funny how there were so many people before, including the experts who appeared at the Heaven Wasteland Building today, who thought that they can challenge Ye Qingyu, can step on Ye Qingyu, but now it seemed that these people were really like clowns. Fortunately, Ye Qingyu did not think it was worth pursuing further. Otherwise these people's graves would have been covered in one-foot-tall grass already.

The people who had yet to stand up to blatantly go against Heaven Wasteland Domain and Ye Qingyu were secretly glad, looking at the Quasi-emperors kneeling on the ground with undisguised pity.

These Quasi-emperors are really unlucky.

“The world needs to be purified, needs to be cleaned, starting with you.” Ye Qingyu lowered his head, his expression biting cold, as if he were a high and mighty god issuing a sentence.

Before today, Ye Qingyu had also thought again and again on how to change the Vast Thousand Domains. After all, this was a vibrant world full of vitality, unlike the Dark Realm, where no one dares to speak out. The Vast Thousand Domains was the world that had been protected in a greenhouse after Ye Chongsheng had created the Dark Realm. It was no exaggeration to say that, although the average level of martial arts in the major domains of the Vast Thousand Domains was much worse than that of the Dark Realm, it was only this bright world, which had different levels of martial arts, that contains infinite possibilities. Therefore, Ye Qingyu did not want to treat the Vast Thousand Domains the same as he did with the Dark Realm. He did not want to enforce a major change, because he felt that perhaps there was a reason why Ye Chongsheng established the Dark Realm outside the Vast Thousand Domains, and thereby leaving the major domains of the Vast Thousand Domains alone. Thus it was best not to interfere too much in the development process of the Vast Thousand Domains.

But now, after learning about the actions of the Four Stars Holy Girl and others, Ye Qingyu had changed his mind.

The development process of the Vast Thousand Domains really cannot be interfered with, but that does not prevent Ye Qingyu from cleaning up some evil forces in the world. The existence of these cancers will hinder the development of the Vast Thousand Domains.

“No, Lord Ye Qingyu, spare us..” The Quasi-emperor shrouded in deep green, who was the first to jump out previously, roared, “Please listen to my explanation...”

“We were tricked by that woman of the Four Stars Sect.”

“We were forced, we had no other choice...”

Several other Quasi-emperors of the alliance also began to beg for mercy. They could sense the killing intent within Ye Qingyu's words, but they did not want to die. It was not easy to catch up with such a golden era or to become a Quasi-emperor, and in the future there was even hope of becoming a Martial Emperor.

If they were able to survive this time, they swore that they would absolutely never dare to touch Heaven Wasteland Domain and Ye Qingyu again.

“We are willing to pledge our allegiance to Lord Ye Qingyu.”

“Yes, yes, yes...” The Quasi-emperor shrouded in purple aura cried repeatedly, “I am willing to join Heaven Wasteland Domain, fight for Heaven Wasteland Domain. I am willing to go through water and tread on fire on Lord Ye Qingyu's command...”

This was absolutely a shameful performance.

“My subordinates, I don't need trash like you with a soft backbone.”

Ye Qingyu shook his head and refused directly.

His aura was slightly released, and in the midst of booming noises, the Quasi-emperors who were begging for mercy, suddenly exploded into clumps of blood that dyed the ground red. All flesh, blood, and essence were turned into clouds of blood mist, floated up, and fell in the hands of Ye Qingyu, before being refined into a bright-red blood pill and stored away.

Everyone around, upon seeing this scene, was simply scared out of their wits.

Eight Quasi-emperors, such a powerful force, had already chose to surrender, were willing to be slaves, but were rejected by Ye Qingyu and relentlessly killed. Many people vaguely thought of the names that Ye Qingyu had back then, such as [Ice sword killing God] and Madman Ye. Even after so many years, Madman Ye’s murderous nature still had not changed.

“No, I don't believe it, how can you do this, ah ah ah...” The Holy Girl's eyes were red as blood, crazy roaring and desperately struggling, “Die, die...” There was a strange aura all around her as she desperately activated some kind of secret technique. A stream of blood light spewed out from her mouth, shooting towards Ye Qingyu, and surprisingly broke through the suppression of Ye Qingyu's aura.

That blood light was a red shuttle.

This shuttle not only contained the blood and essence of the Four Stars Holy Girl, but also a hidden evil force, incomparable terrifying. The power was even several times more terrifying than the imposing manner of the several Quasi-emperors combined.

“This is what you are relying on?” Ye Qingyu faintly shook his head, reached his hand out like he was picking a leaf from a tree, and directly caught the red shuttle in his hands. He pinched his fingers together, and then the terrifying imposing manner and murderous spirit all vanished like smoke.

As expected it was the means of the Sky Emperor.

Ye Qingyu was able to distinguish the underworld force within, and could tell that it was consistent with the Sky Emperor's underworld technique.

Perhaps, the reason why the Holy Girl can be revived and the event today, which targeted against the Heaven Wasteland Empire, were greatly related to the Sky Emperor. The haunting ghost really is unwilling to leave.

Watching Ye Qingyu effortlessly dissolve her final killing move, the Four Stars Holy Girl took on a look of despair.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1288:


Chapter 1302, Fear and joy

And the Quasi-emperors who were not killed, their faces were also twisted with despair.

It wasn't until now that they understood what sort of existence they had angered. The Black Moon Quasi-emperor, the seven or eight Quasi-emperors that were killed, and the Four Stars Holy Girl couldn't be compared to the power of Ye Qingyu. Now, they all believed in what Ximen Yeshui had said. This level of cultivation base was only what a true Martial Emperor can possess.

Ye Qingyu had become Emperor.

Having become aware of this, their minds all went blank.

He and the others had dared to provoke a Martial Emperor, a present age Martial Emperor. This was simply no different to seeking death.

“Ah, why would it turn to this, why is the heavens so unfair? Since Ye Qingyu had been born, why give birth to my Four Stars Sect?” The Four Stars Holy Girl lamented, life force beginning to flow away from her body, and her originally smooth, fair skin had become dry, yellow and wrinkled. Her long, dark hair also gradually dimmed at a speed visible to the naked eye, turning from black to yellow, then from yellow to snow white.

In the blink of an eye, a great beauty had become an old ugly woman.

In order to activate the blood shuttle, she had exhausted all her cultivation base and origin power. She was prepared to perish together with Ye Qingyu. That person had told her that the force of this blow would threaten even a Martial Emperor, yet in front of Ye Qingyu, it was unable to withstand a single blow.

Old and ugly. It was the price of that attack.

“Brother Yin Kaishan, I am sorry...” Feeling her life wearing away, there were finally a few drops of tears trickling down from the eyes of the old woman. The obsession, madness, wild ambition and her greed also flowed away with her life. As the saying goes: when a bird is about to die, its notes are mournful; when a man is about to die, his words are good. This is exactly how she was now.

If everything could start again, wouldn’t it be a very happy thing to stay at Yin Kaishan's side and be a little spoiled and loved woman?

Unfortunately, it was all too late.

The beauty that she should possess had already been abandoned by her.

Soon, the Four Stars Holy Girl's body was crooked, and her teeth were all gone.

She crouched on the ground, looking up at the sun in the sky, and suddenly remembered the time she was still a child. The her at that time was naive and innocent. Like many little girls in the world, she was kind-hearted and honest, and with a pure soul. When she was accepted into the Four Stars Sect as a disciple, she felt confused and blessed, but when did she start to change? It was the scheming and fighting that constantly happened in the Four Stars Sect. In order to obtain more resources and better techniques, in order to survive, she had to scheme against others... Gradually, she, like many of her senior and junior brothers and sisters, had forgotten her true intent. Her pure heart had become complex, and what she saw with her eyes were no longer the verdant hills and crystal clear water but undisguised competition for benefits.

“If there is an afterlife, I absolutely do not want to be part of the Four Stars Sect again.”

In the end, the Four Stars Holy Girl closed her eyes.

Her breathing ceased.

In the distance, a long rainbow pierced the sky.

But it was already too late.

The rainbow transformed into the figure of the Third Prince of the Mizar Race, landing at the side of the Four Stars Holy Girl.

“Sigh....” He let out a long, long sigh. He was trapped in a formation by the Four Stars Holy Girl and had only came out moments ago. He knew that the Holy Girl did this to prevent him from stopping her. Although this woman had done many things for fame, for benefits and because of hatred, but she still cared and worried about him. She did not want him to be swept into this storm.

“This person has gone, body becoming a nook in the mountain, and so has my heart, no longer in the world of mortals... Amitabha Buddha!” The Third Prince of the Mizar Race's heart was like dead ashes. His eyes glistening with great sorrow before a look of understanding dawned on his face. He activated his power and a gust of wind blew, his long golden hair gently fell, severing the threads of distress. Holding the bones of the beautiful woman, he turned away, disappearing in the distant sky.

From then on, there was no longer the Third Prince in this world.

And in the depths of the sacred mountain of Mizar Domain, there was a little temple. Inside the temple was a Buddhist monk in a kasaya robe. There was only one mountain, one temple, one monk, one oil lamp before the statue of Buddha, and verdant scenery and clear water, isolated from the rest of the world. The glory of the imperial family and the determination of a martial artist had all faded, as he accompanied a low grave on the edge of the temple year after year.

The descendants of nobles of the Mizar imperial court had several times came to persuade him, hoping that the most outstanding Prince of the Mizar Race can return to the imperial family. The Emperor of the Mizar Race also hoped that he could return to accept the throne, but in the end he refused everything.

It was only a few thousand years later, when the Mizar imperial court suffered a calamity that a burly monk dressed in a kasaya came out of the sacred mountain and pacified the armed rebellion and thereby became a legend.

These were all that would happen after, let’s not mention this here.

Watching the Third Prince of the Mizar Race take the Four Stars Holy Girl away once again, Ye Qingyu did not obstruct him

All along, the Third Prince had left a very good impression on Ye Qingyu. He was a young heaven's prideling expert who was full of a sense of justice. He had a remarkable background, a high status, but unfortunately was always trapped in the snare of love, unable to free himself. The Four Stars Holy Girl can be regarded as the tribulation of love of his life. However, the sensible and highly principled ways he faced this relationship with was also impressive and admirable. He did not completely lose himself because of love and maintained the bottom line. He indeed was worthy of being called a peerless heaven’s prideling expert.

Last time, it was also because of the Third Prince's pleading that Ye Qingyu let the Four Stars Holy Girl go.

This time, the Four Stars Holy Girl had died, thus Ye Qingyu had no reason to stop him.

The death of the Four Stars Holy Girl also meant that the Quasi-emperor alliance, which was organized by the Four Stars Sect, had completely crumbled.

Ye Qingyu did not let go of the other Quasi-emperors, but directly killed everyone, refining them into Quasi-emperor blood pills.

This cold-hearted means made beads of cold sweat run down the back of all the onlookers. They were glad that they did not jump out to fight against the Heaven Wasteland Empire before. Otherwise, now the end of these Quasi-emperors would have also been their ending. At the same time, they had already begun to readjust their strategy and attitude towards Heaven Wasteland Domain in their mind. They were certain that, after this battle, the Vast Thousand Domains would tremble at the foot of Ye Qingyu, and Heaven Wasteland Domain will instantly be placed above all forces.

“The chief evil has died, the remaining people will also be investigated. You are well aware who allied with the Four Stars Sect to make things difficult for Heaven Wasteland Domain. I will give you a deadline of three days to come to Heaven Wasteland Building to apologize, only then will you be dealt with leniently, otherwise you will be killed.”

The voice of Ye Qingyu echoed across Heaven Connect City, like the laws of a god.

All around were living beings shivering with fear.

Under the pressure of a true Marital Emperor, the living beings within tens of thousands of meters, regardless of race, regardless of strength, were kneeling on the ground, kowtowing to Ye Qingyu.

This was the power of a true Emperor.

In the crowd, there were some figures drenched in cold sweat. They had also made small actions against the Heaven Wasteland Empire, although it was only some small actions, it was absolutely impossible to escape the perception of a Marital Emperor. Now they were deeply regretting their previous actions, extremely afraid, yet still did not dare to flee, because in this world, no one can escape the pursuit of a Martial Emperor.

Some were pale with fear.

Because they had made unforgivable mistakes.

Ye Qingyu slowly landed on the ground, looking in the direction of the distant shrine of the Domain Alliance as though he had perceived something. He turned his head around to say to Ximen Yeshui, “Brother Ximen Yeshui, can you check on the Domain Alliance shrine, it seems someone is making things difficult for the Chief Envoy of the Human Race.”

Ximen Yeshui chuckled, revealing his pearly white teeth. “Do you want them alive?”

Ye Qingyu answered, “Up to you.”

“Hahahaahhaha...” Ximen Yeshui burst into laughter. What Ye Qingyu said was equal to telling him to kill without restrain. He finally could exercise his body. With a shake of his body, a gush of majestic aura surged out, he turned into a stream of light, instantly disappearing where he was.

It was only then that the countless people found that the dark-faced scholar was not only a loudmouth. The aura he exuded at that moment was far above the Quasi-emperor realm. Could that dark-faced scholar also be a Martial Emperor?

Heavens, two Martial Emperors?

How is that possible?

At this time, in the distance, the Military God of the Dragon Human Domain, Xu Wuya, was coming over, bowing to Ye Qingyu, “Lord Ye Qingyu, long time no see.”

Ye Qingyu also bowed in response.

No matter what his position was, towards friends, Ye Qingyu would never lack humility and courtesy. Moreover, Xu Wuya could be regarded as an old friend of Heaven Wasteland Domain. Whether it was in the fight against the dark forces of the [Camp], or guard Heaven Wasteland Domain, Xu Wuya and the Dragon Human Race imperial court behind him had always advanced and retreated with Ye Qingyu. Whether it was in character or principles, Ye Qingyu had great admiration for the Military God of the Dragon Human Race.

“[Military God Xu Wuya], thank you so much.” Ye Qingyu said, “This kindness, the Heaven Wasteland Empire and I will not forget.”

The first to come to the rescue when the Heaven Wasteland Building encountered a crisis was Xu Wuya.

And upon hearing this from Ye Qingyu, the others all revealed an expression of envy looking at Xu Wuya and other experts of the Dragon Human Race. From their understanding of Madman Ye, he was someone who clearly distinguishes between kindness and hatred. This time the Dragon Human Race had received the gratitude and friendship of a Martial Emperor, which is even more precious than any treasure and divine weapon.

In succession, there were various forces that had supported the Heaven Wasteland Building coming to pay respect to Ye Qingyu. Among these, there was the Demon Spider Race and the Hundred Flowers Valley of Clear River Domain. Although their power was not considered the best, they still showed their stance.

“Thank you, thank you, in a few days, there will be a generous reward.”

Ye Qingyu gave a cupped fist salute.

It was met with loud cheers all around.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

