Chapter 225:


Chapter 225 - Tears and a faint smile

“Show some mercy?" The military officer with a sword scar kicked away the nearby table. "For a commoner such as you, do you deserve my mercy? Why don't you tell me, just how many spies of the Demon Race have been captured in your liquor house in these days? Why is it that there are so many demons hiding here, could it be that this is the next gathering spot of the Demon Race?" "This is a mistake; how would I dare." The female owner bent her back with a placating smile. "Please have a seat military officers. Order what you want to eat and drink, I'll immediately have them prepared." "Peh, just what kind of good food would you have in this dog's den?" Another military officer sat with his legs wide apart on a table, his gaze sweeping around at the timidly cowering customers. With a sneer. "Don't think you can placate me with such things. Speak, are there any more suspicious people today?"

The female owner forced a smile, quickly replying, "Officer, there is not a single suspicious person today. All those who came are regulars who have been here tens of years, they are definitely innocent…" "Hehe, whether they are innocent or not is not something such a lowly mouth should determine.” The military officer with the sword scar swiped his hand across. "Soldiers, give this place a detailed search to see whether this is a den of the Demon Race. If you encounter anyone suspicious people, do not let them go."

The soldiers behind him rushed in like wolves or tigers, kicking away tables and chairs. With a crash and clatter, everything was broken or flipped away. Everywhere in one's sight, there was completely a mess.

There was a placating smile on the female proprietor’s face, but her heart was dripping blood.

These soldiers came every day to cause chaos, causing this little liquor house's business to fall. There were some regulars that did not dare come anymore. The depression of the business made her wonder as if she had offended anyone. It seems like she should copy the stores nearby and close earlier, at least this would prevent some losses.

If this chaos continued, she would become a target at any moment.

For the [Youyan army] to turn into such a state.

In the blink of an eye, the [Common Liquor House] had turned into a scene of breakage and disarray. Tables and chairs lay slanted on the floor as they were kicked, and shattered dishes and bowls were everywhere on the floor. The customers were grabbed and searched, then kicked out. Because the waiter had hidden too late, he was beaten ‘til his mouth was bleeding. He was pretending to be dead by one side… "Senior brot—… No, Superior, I did not discover any suspicious people.” "There is also no one in the kitchen behind…" "Everyone in this store is poor, it seems like there is nothing valuable."

The soldiers gathered, but their actions were not like a typical Youyan soldier. They seemed more like a group of bandits or shameless rogues, their statures slanted and awry, their armours loose. The words they said as well as their laughing expressions were not like soldiers at all.

But they were evidently wearing military uniforms.

The military officer with the sword scar nodded his head, sweeping his gaze across the hall. His pupils suddenly constricted, as he saw the white-robed figure next to the window far off. He imperceptibly nodded his head, then turned his head to regard the female owner with a figure like a water bucket. "What is the background of that white-robed person?"

The female owner had a painful face. She originally wanted to say that was Marquis Ye, but suddenly a flash of light flickered throughout her mind. Thinking of the signal Ye Qingyu gave her when he came in, she said without knowing why, "A regular, he comes here to drink often. He should be a neighbour nearby, I really am not too clear…" "Bitch!" The sword scarred military officer was enraged, kicking away the chair in front of him and striking on the sales counter. The counter made out of rough wood instantly turned into wood scraps. With a roar, the officer said, "You are not too clear? Did you not say these are all old regulars with innocent backgrounds? You dare fool me?" "Officer, please calm down…" The female owner was trembling, kneeling on the floor for mercy.

With a wave of his hand, the sword scarred military officer ordered the soldiers around to surround the window direction.

During the search of the soldiers, they had not even noticed there was a person sitting there. This really was too bizarre. The officer faintly felt that there was something wrong, but he did not consider too carefully before he went over step by step and unsheathed the blade at his waist.

"Friend, turn around. What are you doing here?" The sword scarred officer lifted his hand, patting it on the shoulder of the white-robed figure.

But at this time, the white-robed figure quivered, his outline becoming blurry.

The hand of the officer swiped empty air, as if he was slapping nothing.

Everyone could only feel a blur across their eyes. The white-robed figure was gone.

The person sitting there had disappeared inexplicably.

On the table, there was only a little white dog[1] around four inches long. It was currently baring its fang at them, emitting a low growl from his throat.

"What has happened?" The sword scarred military officer was taken aback.

"Ahaha, for you bunch of idiotic humans to disturb me, you are dead for sure. I will bite you to death…" There was suddenly human speech coming out from the mouth of the white little dog.

The soldier was suddenly shaken.

"White dog demon… for it to speak, it must be a dog demon!" There was someone screaming.

"Woof, woof, you are the demon…" The white little dog jumped, his body like lightning, before anyone could react, he used his little white tail to slap the soldier fiercely like a whip. The face of that soldier swelled up like a pig's head instantly, then he fainted.

"Capture it…" "It really is a dog demon!“ "It really is someone of the Demon Race!"

The soldiers were slightly in disarray, their weapons unsheathed. They surrounded the white dog demon.

Everyone had reason to believe that this white-robed youth must be the white dog spirit who had transformed into a human. After being surrounded, it revealed its original form. No matter what, they must capture that arrogant white dog spirit. Apart from using its tail to slap someone, it did not seem to possess any ability whatsoever so it was not that dangerous.

After a panic, the white dog spirit was finally captured and stuffed into a steel cage.

"Superior, what should we do with it?" A soldier asked.

The sword scarred military officer considered. "Bring it to the [Beheading Demon Platforms] and just take the reward then kill it.

"Woof?" The white dog demon in the cage pupil's constricted, then it began barking madly. "You bunch of retards, to dare capture me? Do you know who my master is? He is in the city right now, when he finds me, you are all dead…" "En? You have a master?" After a shock, the sword scarred military officer was delighted. "This is too great, who would have thought capturing such a small demon would lead us to get the melon by following the vine[1]. First let’s not bring this white dog demon to the [Beheading Demon Platforms], but bring him back to base, and interrogate him. Find out who his master is!"

All the soldiers said yes.

The bunch brought the steel cage away from the [Common Liquor House], heading out.

Seeing the hall of the liquor house in such a sorry state, the female owner was about to cry.

Why had Youyan Pass turned out like this?

She could not understand.

How could her originally good lifestyle completely collapse in less than a month’s time. It was so quick that even she had not understood what exactly had happened within Youyan Pass.

If she closed the liquor house, she would not have to live her life in fear every day.

But what should she do in the future?

Tears finally flowed down from the face of the female owner.

She went over to assist the injured waiter, her heart feeling desolate and sorrowful.

At this time, there was someone who patted her on the shoulder.

She turned around.

A smiling face, white clothes.

"Marquis, I…" The female owner rushed to pay her respects. After all, she knew Ye Qingyu's real identity. Facing such an important character, she did not show the slightest of disrespect.

Ye Qingyu halted her.

"I'm sorry, I did not act just now." Ye Qingyu had guilt on his face. "For a certain reason, I have to slightly suppress my actions just now. This gold piece will act as compensation for this store." Saying this, he handed a gold tael to the female owner.

"This… how can this do." The female owner was stunned, not daring to accept and quickly refusing. "This is too much, too much. This is enough to purchase three or four liquor houses like mine, Marquis, I…" "Take it." Ye Qingyu patted her on the shoulder. "Everyone's days are not going well. as someone of the Empire, I did not do my duty, I feel very remorseful about this. But I can guarantee that these days will quickly pass. Youyan Pass will very quickly return to its original state… Take this gold piece and shelter yourself somewhere along with the server and the cook. After I've taken care of some of the black sheep of the Pass, I will return here to drink your alcohol."

As he finished, Ye Qingyu stuffed the gold tael into the female owner’s hands. With a smile, he turned to leave.

As he left the door broken by the kick, the sunshine outside shone on his body.

His white robe was as if it was glowing with light, his figure causing a very long and powerful shadow to fall across the ground.

The female owner stood staring dumbly at the golden tael in her hands, her blurry vision gradually clearing up.

She rubbed away the tears on her face, exposing a smile.

She was fat and somewhat ugly.

Her liquor house had been destroyed.

But her mood suddenly turned for the better.

"Everything will be better, everyone will come here to drink again… Marquis Ye promised me." …… ……

After departing from the [Common Liquor House], Ye Qingyu returned to the White Horse tower.

There was no need to further observation. He already knew what was currently occurring within Youyan Pass.

The sword scarred military officer and the others were evidently not true soldiers. They were a bunch of fakes, but they held the uniform of the [Youyan army] as well as the badge of the military. This meant only one thing— something that Ye Qingyu had suspected, but had not turned into truth.

There was someone within the army that was in collusion with the people from the Jianghu.

Ye Qingyu had discovered this the moment these people stepped into the [Common Liquor House].

Therefore, he had not acted.

He had intentionally allowed the silly dog Little Nine to be captured. He wanted to follow the trail and find out about the truth hidden in darkness.

This time, Ye Qingyu was really enraged.

If he discovered who it was, no matter whom… they would die! [1] Get something great by following something small

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 226:


Chapter 226 - Refining a pill in the quiet room

That afternoon, the silly dog Little Nine had not yet returned.

Ye Qingyu was not that worried.

After all, this little dog was even able to enter as he pleased from the Pass Lord's residence. His ability to escape was absolutely top tier in the world. Even if he was captured, he only needed to find a suitable opportunity, then he could easily escape. Furthermore, this dumb little dog really was capable. He was even able to devour a huge [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] cleanly, not to mention those Jianghu people with average strength.

After finishing his cultivation training, there was an acute pain in his palm.

That drop of blood was once again acting up.

The three-coloured blood had turned into two. The strange white power had already been erased completely by Ye Qingyu, and what was left was the original power of the drop of blood as well as the flames of darkness. When it acted up, it was weaker than what it used to be. As long as Ye Qingyu continued to use the [Supreme Ice flame], everything was basically all under his control.

After an hour later, he could already faintly suppress the power within the blood.

"If this continues on, in two or three days, I can completely refine down this drop of blood."

Ye Qingyu heart became more at ease.

Right now, this drop of blood no longer held such a huge threat to him. Therefore, he was not in that much of a rush to extinguish it; he wanted to wear it down bit by bit. At least then he could grasp some technique or experience in erasing strange powers. If by the time he had completely refined down the energies within the blood, and the [War God of Youyan Pass] Lu Zhaoge had not yet healed, Ye Qingyu felt perhaps he would be of use if he went to the Pass Lord's residence.

It was only until deep into the night did Ye Qingyu awaken from his trance-like cultivation state.

The yuan qi in his body was surging like a great river. Ye Qingyu had already began to grasp this new vast energy and could command it now. Furthermore, his control over the [Supreme Ice flame] had risen to a new level. His battle power was three or four times greater than before.

The moonlight glow fell on Ye Qingyu's body.

His white clothes were like jade.

His entire body shimmered with a pure, holy radiance.

"With my strength right now, even if I faced Zhang San, I don't need to activate the [First Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way] to directly fight him. If I activate the [Limitless Divine Way], my battle strength will double. With that, I should be able to equal Zhang San easily." On Ye Qingyu's handsome face, there was a shred of a smile.

But he instantly thought of the holy child of the Deer Cauldron sect that he saw through the visions of the [Sentry Guard].

After a slight comparison, Ye Qingyu shook his head. "That's not right, if I face the holy child of the Deer Cauldron sect, I am still far from enough. The [First Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way] plus the [Supreme Ice flame] can at the most guarantee my life. If I want to defeat the holy child of the Deer Cauldron sect, this is by far not enough."

Ye Qingyu constantly compared his battle strength with others.

"There is still around half a month's time till the meeting of the sects. I must quickly raise my strength, victory and defeat depends on this. The fame of the Deer Cauldron sect is not any greater than Li Qiushiu and the people of Crepe Myrtle sect. In other words, Li Qiushiu could possibly be even stronger than the holy child. Right now, I can't even defeat the holy child of the Deer Cauldron sect, to want to defeat the idols of the three sects and three schools like Li Qiushiu is completely the dream of a madman."

As he realized this, Ye Qingyu's heart became more and more agitated.

But if he wanted to rapidly raise his strength, he could not do this just by meditation and cultivating by sitting there.

Only with an endless supply of energy like from an Origin crystal could he break through quickly.

But Origin crystals were far too rare, Ye Qingyu had no way of obtaining one.

After deliberation, he could only begin by refining the substitute, [Mysterious Heaven Pellet].

"Today I will begin refining the pill… Since I have to do it sooner or later, let's give it a try first.”

Ye Qingyu made up his mind to finally begin creating the pill.

After careful thought, he summoned Bai Yuanxing and ordered that he would be in isolation training. No matter who was it that came, he would not see them.

Bai Yuanxing received this order and left.

Ye Qingyu was still not satisfied. After some thought, he personally arranged a formation array outside the quiet room, placed a [Sentry Guard], as well as activating the defensive formations in the quiet room on the walls around. After shutting all the windows of the quiet room, to prevent any possible incident, he then began finally preparing the pill.

Right now, Ye Qingyu did not wish for others to know that he was able to refine pills.

Returning to the quiet room and sitting down, he placed the medicinal ingredients that he had sorted and portioned already in front of him. His memories went over the key instructions of the [Pill Mantra]. Ye Qingyu slowly entered into his state, his inner yuan fluctuating around his body in a great cycle. When his body was at its most optimal state, he used the mantra and activated the [Cloud Top Cauldron] submerged within the spring of his dantian world, summoning it.

The cauldron flickered.

A strange energy fluctuation began activating.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] the size of the fist swirled and rotated above Ye Qingyu's palm.

Ever since receiving this Accordance treasure, this was Ye Qingyu's first time summoning it outside.

The ancient bronze aura swirled around the outside of the cauldron. It was as if there was a light haze around it. There were intricate and lively patterns fluctuating with golden light all around the exterior. After being submerged for the large part of the year in Ye Qingyu's dantian, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] became like a translucent artistic piece of work. It emitted a charming radiance, a dream-like colour, and brought with it the warmth of a gentle jade.

"It really is a good treasure. If not for the fact that Chen Moyun stuffed me into the cauldron, I would probably never have discovered the secret of this Cauldron." Ye Qingyu could not help but sigh in praise. "This [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] Chen Moyun had such a treasure mountain but he did not know. He had wasted it for tens of years. If he went inside the interior of the cauldron to have a look, then the [Sole Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron] would not have been possessed by me. It seems like, to truly grasp the secret of this cauldron, it all relies on fate!“

His thought moved. Ye Qingyu activated the [Sole Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron].

Buzz!Buzz!Buzz!

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] shivered, expanding.

In the blink of an eye, it was the size of a water jar. The cauldron fell to the ground with a boom, all the radiance retreating. A hard to describe using language ancientness radiated from it, causing someone to be somewhat bewildered by its aura. Ye Qingyu could not help but let out a sigh. It was as if he was looking at a saintly item that had leapt through time and space from the Ancient Primordial Ages to come here.

Ye Qingyu focused his heart.

"To refine a pill, one needs fire. My yuan qi attribute is ice, but I can control the [Supreme Ice flame]. With a treasure like the [Cloud Top Cauldron], it should be able to withstand the power of my [Supreme Ice flame]. Ice flame is Ice fire. According to the [Sole Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron], even the most extreme ice fire can refine a pill, so I might as well use the [Supreme Ice flame] to give it a try. The classification of the [Supreme Ice flame] is much better than strange fires or true fire!"

Ye Qingyu’s hands formed seal, the heart mantra activating.

The [Supreme Ice flame] formed from above his palm, forming into a silver flame that burned fiercely.

The first step of refining a pill was warming the cauldron.

After using a gentle fire to roast the cauldron, this was then the right time to add the medicinal ingredients.

"Go!"

With a grunt, the [Supreme Ice flame] shot out as if it was alive. It namely fell on the bottom of the three-handled [Cloud Top Cauldron] and began burning, fiercely roasting it.

A strange radiance appeared on the pill cauldron.

This [Cloud Top Cauldron] did not make Ye Qingyu disappointed. After a brief flickering of light, it entirely accepted the power of the [Supreme Ice flame], and was not harmed in the slightest.

To warm the cauldron, it needed at least an hour.

Ye Qingyu did not dare rush. After three great cycles, the [Sole Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron] became more and more familiar to him.

This ancient heart mantra composed of a hundred and eight characters that had come from the interior of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was a specific mantra used to refine pills as well as control this cauldron. Ye Qingyu had only understood the first six characters but this was already more than enough to control this pill cauldron. Under this heart mantra, the control of the [Supreme Ice flame] became more and more easy.

One hour quickly passed by.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] had a silver radiance flickering at the bottom.

Warming the cauldron had been completed.

"It's time…”

There was a delighted expression flitting through Ye Qingyu's brows, his hand seals changing.

"Open the cauldron!"

The lid of the cauldron buzzed, floating in the air by itself as it rotated silently.

Ye Qingyu beckoned with his arm and a bunch of spirit herbs flew into the cauldron.

Pang!

There was a faint explosion in the air, then a surge of medicinal fragrance spat out form the pill.

Refining a pill was a process that cared very much about the order in which the Spirit herbs entered into the cauldron. The control of the fire of the cauldron could also not be wrong in the least. A good cauldron and good classification of fire used could greatly increase the probability of successfully creating a pill. But the experience and skill level of the Pill Master was also very important. This entire process was like dancing on a hair - if there was any minute mistake, this would lead to serious consequences.

The least serious consequence was that the herbs were ruined, the most serious, that the cauldron would explode.

There were some pill masters that, because of a tiny error in the process of refining a pill, caused the cauldron to explode and had to pay for it with their lives in the end.

Although Ye Qingyu knew very clearly that for such a treasure like the [Cloud Top Cauldron] the cauldron would definitely not explode in the process of refining a type of pill like the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]. But he did not dare relax in the slightest. After all, to purchase these herbs, he had nearly spent all his wealth. If he really wasted these materials, it was most likely that he would not be able to purchase a second.

Thankfully, he had an eidetic memory. In those days, he constantly practiced the process of refining a pill in his brain, it had nearly become instinct. His imagery and his actions joined together tightly, without a single error happening.

Time passed by.

Ye Qingyu constantly grabbed at herbs through the air and placed it into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

The fragrance of the medicinal herbs in the quiet room constantly changed.

A Pill Master with experience could judge just from the fragrance alone whether the creation of the pill was successful or not. But this was Ye Qingyu's first time in refining a pill; he could not do this. Thankfully, from the signs from the cauldron, it seems he did not fail?

Two hours passed by in a flash.

Tens of herbs had already been placed according to the order outlined in the pill formula.

Ye Qingyu's forehead beaded with drop after drop of sweat.

Refining pills did not only expend one's yuan qi, but also one's concentration and focus.

It was time.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 227:


Chapter 227 - The power to change his destiny

“Seal the cauldron!" In the instant a bead of sweat dripped from the corner of his eyes, Ye Qingyu let out a low command. His left palm extended forward, an ice crystal instantly forming that instantaneously transformed into a clear globe of water that was slowly placed within the [Cloud Top Cauldron] by Ye Qingyu's yuan qi. His left palm rapidly changed and transformed into different seals, then with a bang, the cauldron lid fell and sealed the cauldron.

Phew!Phew!

He let out a breath of murky air, relaxing slightly.

From the start to the cauldron being sealed, this was an extremely important process. If there were not any accidents or incidents during this process, then it could be said that he had already half succeeded in refining the pill.

Ye Qingyu wiped away the sweat on his face, once again activating the [Sole Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron], continuing to refine the pill.

The steps that followed after was that one had to follow the requirements of the pill formula, constantly using fierce and gentle fires to refine the pill. Apart from there being extremely strict requirements for the control of time, there were not any other special methods needed. For Ye Qingyu, this was not too difficult.

It was only that this process was something that expended a lot of time.

His hands constantly changed into different seals, controlling the [Supreme Ice flame] to wrap around the [Cloud Top Cauldron] causing the flames to change in strength.

Time passed minute by minute just like that.

There started to be strange changes occurring on the [Cloud Top Cauldron], the patterns on it seeming to come alive. It first started moving like water ripples, then the scenes depicted on the cauldron that described stories of ancients times seemed to come alive, like an illusion. The cauldron began slowly floating, shrinking constantly, and was finally the size of a small pottery pot that rotated in the air.

Ye Qingyu once again felt the yuan qi within his body was being expended like the surge of an avalanche.

Refining pills was something that wasted a great quantity of inner yuan.

Therefore, it was understandable just why there were so few Pill Masters in this world.

Apart from needing to memorize a vast quantity of information regarding herbs and refining pills, most Pill Masters must also be experts and be high in their cultivation. Otherwise, they had no way of using their inner yuan to control the flames while refining the pill. There were very few people who met both these two criteria. Very few people had the energy to memorize such great and complicated information regarding the medicinal properties of herbs, as well as have the martial cultivation needed to control the flame.

The [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] Chen Moyun’s yuan qi cultivation was not as great as Ye Qingyu’s today. This determined that he could only be an above average Pill Master, and could only create Medicine pills with limited future success. The fact that he was unable to take a step further was not only because he was lacking in knowledge regarding the art of pill making, but also the fact that his yuan qi cultivation was lacking.

There were also Pill Masters who did not possess enough yuan qi, but utilized the inner yuan of their followers to control the flame to refine the Pill.

Chen Moyun should largely be of that type.

Otherwise, he would not have obtained the title of the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix].

Of course, these were all Ye Qingyu's guesses.

In his first process of refining a pill, Demon King Ye was able to understand many things. He now thoroughly understood just how strict the requirements for becoming a Pill Master was. With his understanding of Chen Moyun's strength, that person should have relied on external forces to reach such great fame. With solely his strength alone, he should not have been able to obtain the title of Pill King.

In the blink of an eye, time passed by.

During this time, Ye Qingyu did not even dare to close his eyes from start to finish.

Refining a pill was different from cultivation. Training in the nameless breathing technique was a process which nourished one's spirit, so therefore Ye Qingyu could cultivate while sleeping very little, but still be at the peak of his concentration. But refining a pill was a job that expended your concentration in large amounts. In a short time, Ye Qingyu felt fatigue that originated from within his very bones, his entire person becoming dull and drowsy.

Thankfully when the first crack of dawn was exposed and the first ray of the morning sun landed on the top of the White Horse tower, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] finally stopped rotating.

It shimmered with light and radiance.

Ye Qingyu was stunned, then instantly dispersed the seal on the cauldron, removing the [Supreme Ice flame] from the outside.

"Is it… successful?"

Ye Qingyu was somewhat in disbelief.

Such a scene was evidently a sign that the process of refining a pill had finished according to the instructions on the [Pill Mantra] and pill formula. For him to have succeeded in his first time refining the pill? This was somewhat unbelievable. From the start, Ye Qingyu had already expected to fail tens of times. After all, he was stumbling around blind and had no direction at all. He had entirely followed the explanations of the pill formula and [Pill Mantra]…

Seeing the [Cloud Top Cauldron] that had fallen to the ground, Ye Qingyu's heart could not help but be excited.

Had the pill succeeded or not?

Ye Qingyu deeply breathed in, uncovering the lid of the cauldron.

A faint fragrance surged to his nose.

This fragrance was deep and elegant, like the body fragrance from a maiden. The moment it entered into one's nostril, it caused one to feel relaxed and at ease.

Deeply breathing in this strange fragrance, Ye Qingyu felt that the yuan qi within his body was flowing more and more smoothly. His inner yuan even faintly showed signs of growing stronger. Such a feeling was exactly the same as when he would have a breakthrough and increase in cultivation.

Ye Qingyu's heart quivered.

At that moment, he instantly realized that he had successfully refined the pill.

Only a [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] that met the requirements would have such medicinal properties. Solely by inhaling the scent, one would have a slight increase in yuan qi.

As he lowered his head to look within the cauldron, in that swathe of darkness, there were six jade green points of light that flickered in the darkness. These six glimmers of light were the origin of that fragrance.

The [Sole Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron] activated.

A surge of invisible energy shot out from the cauldron, a light gentle breeze that carried these six pills from within the cauldron out.

Ye Qingyu widened his eyes.

Six jade green pills the size of a longan fruit [1] landed in his hand.

"Succeeded, it really succeeded…"

Seeing the glimmer of the medicinal pill, as well as its appearance, Ye Qingyu could finally lay his worries to rest

This [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] was exactly as described by the pill formula, with no difference to its appearance.

A swathe of coldness came from the six [Mysterious Heaven Pellets], quivering about in the center of his palm.

"I did not imagine, this is just my first time refining a pill… could it be that I'm a genius Pill Master? [1] To have succeeded in one go, my luck is that good?" Ye Qingyu was still in slight disbelief. He had never heard of someone succeeding in their first try for refining a pill, and to have achieved a hundred percent success rate on top of this.

To prevent wasting the Spirit herb ingredients, he had only prepared enough to create six pills. Who would have guessed that there would be no wastage of materials at all, and all six [Mysterious Heaven Pellets] were created, fully utilizing all the herbs.

This success rate was definitely terrifying.

Even a more experienced Pill Master would not dare say that he would be able to not waste a single herb and utilize these ingredients without any wastage.

Ye Qingyu was definitely shocked by himself.

This sort of thing that should only happen in theory, did he really do it?

Previously, Ye Qingyu expected that he would fail several times, and would perhaps waste a lot of time. Therefore, he had announced he would go into isolation training. He originally thought that refining a pill was similar to refining down that strange white power. It would require at least four or five days, but he did not expect…

It only took a night.

In a night, he had finished everything.

He lowered his head to look at the six jade green pills the size of a longan. Ye Qingyu had a feeling that he was still dreaming.

If refining a pill was really that simple, then even if he used all the ingredients he had left to refine it down, it should not even take ten days of time. Furthermore, Ye Qingyu was certain that as he got more and more familiar with this process, as well as with the improvement of his control over the [Supreme Ice flame] and the [Cloud Top Cauldron], this time would only get shorter and not lengthen.

In other words, in the future tens of days, he could create at least over a hundred [Mysterious Heaven Pellets].

If all these Spirit herbs were ingested by him, then it could be comparable to four times the effect of that piece of Origin crystal.

This represented that Ye Qingyu could at least increase his cultivation to the fifty Spirit springs realm.

He constantly breathed in and out.

He needed a short while before he could calm down.

Right now, the thing he most needed to do was to examine these [Mysterious Heaven Pellets] and verify whether they really had such an amazing effect as described by that ancient pill formula. Therefore, Ye Qingyu's action after this was…

Swallowing it![2]

He needed to at least ingest one pill to test it out.

This was an extremely dangerous matter.

If there was any error in the process of refining it, then no one had any way of predicting just what consequences it had.

It was previously mentioned that an exploding cauldron was one of the main causes of death of a Pill Master. Testing Pills was the other main cause of death. One of the traditions of the Pill Master profession was that after creating a pill, it must be tested by themselves personally. If there were any errors in the creation of the pill, one could easily die. In these years, there were very few Pill Masters willing to follow this tradition anymore. They would give the task of testing the pills to their disciples, or people volunteering to test the pills or perhaps some criminals.

An experienced Pill Master could definitely tell from the appearance and smell whether the creation of the pill had been successful.

The large majority of time though, the pills created from pill formulas had been done thousands and thousands of times and had been perfected, thus did not need to be tested. Only some experimentally created rare pills needed such a step.

Ye Qingyu look at the jade green pills in his hand. Finally, he took out one, and ingested it.

This pill was as cold as ice or snow.

It dissolved in his mouth.

A cold that pierced into his bones began flowing within Ye Qingyu's body as it dissolved.

It was like there was thorn after thorn that madly flowed within Ye Qingyu's flesh. A swathe of acute pain nearly drowned Ye Qingyu.

"Could it be that I failed?"

Ye Qingyu's heart was shocked.

But in the next instant, all the acute pain disappeared.

A surging powerful yuan qi fluctuation appeared in the meridians throughout his body. It surged throughout the original inner yuan of Ye Qingyu's body, completing a great cycle, then returned to the desert dantian world like rivers returning to the sea.

This was a yuan qi that was equal to the yuan qi he would gain from cultivating for months.

Pure and flawless, without the slightest impurity.

Ye Qingyu breathed in deeply.

He slowly widened his arms, as he could not help but laugh to the heavens.

Because he knew, he had succeeded.

An entirely new gate opened widely for Ye Qingyu as of this moment.

With the Mysterious Heaven pellet in his hand, he could finally begin to race with time.

He could finally compete with those so called geniuses of the sects.

He could change the fates of countless people.

This, this was Ye Qingyu's capital— [1] These are a little bigger than grapes typically, but a little smaller than a golf ball. They’re delicious!

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 228:


Chapter 228 - Impossible

When Ye Qingyu walked out with a fatigued face from the quiet room, the silly dog Little Nine had still not yet returned.

"He really is an unreliable fellow…"

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

He was not worried about the safety of that silly dog, but he was worried that he would be distracted by other things when he was performing his task and gone off to play. After all, for a pure glutton, causing chaos was normal for him. If everything went smoothly, that would be abnormal. If he tarried for a few days, then perhaps it would disrupt his plans.

Downstairs.

Mother Wu had already prepared the morning meal.

Ye Qingyu went to the rear courtyard and after inspecting the progress of Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er, Li Qi and Li Ying, they ate breakfast together.

In these days, everyone had gotten used to Marquis Ye's way of acting without any pretense or sense of superiority. The conversation while they were eating had a relaxed and at ease atmosphere. Ye Qingyu would occasionally make some jokes, as well as giving some advice to the cultivation problems of the four people.

These four did not have much martial foundations at all.

What Ye Qingyu taught them was the basic methods to train one’s body learnt in White Deer Academy. These were roughly the most traditional ways to train your martial foundation such as the [Serpentine stance, [Bear stance], [Tiger Bone stance].

Before truly entering the Spirit spring stage, Ye Qingyu decided not to teach them the battle techniques within the ancient Bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

For a novice martial artist, it was most important for them to walk an orthodox cultivation path. These basic martial cultivation techniques had already undergone countless changes and alterations by a myriad of previous martial artists. This was a path that although was not ornate and complex, but was truly great. With Ye Qingyu's understanding of the martial way, this was the best choice to make for a novice to create their foundation.

Until today, Ye Qingyu had not yet decided whether to allow Jin Ling'er to cultivate in the [Flowing Shadow Kill].

After several days of cultivation, the talent of the four also became evident.

Jin Ling'er's talent was the greatest, with Li Ying and Li Qi following behind. And as for Bai Yuanxing who was the oldest, his martial talent was unquestionably the worst.

Evidently, Bai Yuanxing had also noticed this point, but he did not exhibit too great a disappointment. He still trained extremely hard along with the three. From a very early period of time, he already knew very clearly, just what was his martial talent like.

Ye Qingyu admired Bai Yuanxing's personality and heart very much.

And as for the closeness of their relationships, Ye Qingyu had the greatest admiration and feelings for Bai Yuanxing who he knew the longest.

In his heart, he was wondering just how could he give aid to Bai Yuanxing.

After they had finished the morning meal, Bai Yuanxing and the others returned to train in the rear courtyard.

Ye Qingyu put on a change of casual dress, and after pondering with himself for a bit, headed towards the direction of the Hundred Herb Hall.

There was a very important matter that he had to do in Hundred Herb Hall.

Compared to several days ago, there were much less people [1] on the streets of Youyan Pass. There was a bleakness emanating in the air. The arrival of the spring did not seem to bring much warmth like previous years to the city located within the ice and snow. Apart from two large stores that were still running on the two sides of the streets, the majority of little stores had already closed. As for the little stands on the two sides of the streets, they had long disappeared.

Ye Qingyu wore a hooded garment, when the hood fell down, it was enough to cover his face.

His appearance, made him seem somewhat strange as he walked on the streets.

There were several warriors on patrol that wanted to obstruct and interrogate him, but as they neared they would only feel a blur in the eyes, then they would lose track of Ye Qingyu. It was as if who they saw was just a shadow, making them nonplussed but helpless. They could only report this on and become more alert.

Fifteen minutes later.

Ye Qingyu appeared within the great hall of the Hundred Herb Hall.

Even though his appearance was somewhat strange, but the servers of the store still ran up to greet him passionately.

Compared to several days ago, it seemed that the business of the Hundred Herb Hall had already been impacted. There were not many people in the great hall, and the majority of the customers were either soldiers or sinister Jianghu people. they were largely buying medicine and ointments for external wounds. As for those medicines used to treat the common illness, it was not all that popular anymore.

"Honoured customer, what do you want to buy?" the server enthusiastically asked.

Coincidentally.

This server that received him just now was the same person who had received Ye Qingyu previously.

"Tell your Shopkeeper Sui to come over." There was a sound like metal grating against each other that sounded out from the white-coloured garments, causing one to shiver.

Ye Qingyu had changed his own voice.

The server was dumbfounded, goosebumps forming. He quickly ran to find the manager.

In a short period of time, Shopkeeper Sui was led here by the server.

Shopkeeper Sui evaluated Ye Qingyu hiddenly from far away.

It was unknown just how many customers he had seen that had come from the south. He thought that his ability to discern someone’s background was exceptional. Normally he only needed to give someone a glance, and could evaluate as to just what their background the customer was. He had met many people like Ye Qingyu who had hidden their true appearance before.

Therefore, when Shopkeeper Sui saw the white-clothed figure, his heart shivered.

For people to dress like that, either they were here to scam him, or there really was a great transaction to be made.

"Honoured customer, I wonder why you have come here to the Hundred Herb Hall for…" Shopkeeper Sui smiled probingly.

Under the hood, there was a slight smile on Ye Qingyu's face. There was still the strange and grating noise that sounded from his throat, "Selling pills." "Selling pills?" Shopkeeper Sui was surprised, and instantly understood as he could not help but feel shocked. "I understand. Please follow me." Saying this, he extended his hand in an inviting gesture, heading towards the second floor.

No matter what, once it concerned purchasing pills, this was an exceedingly important matter for this Herb hall.

Normal Herbal stores did not even have requirements to sell pills. As for the Hundred Herb Hall, they would sell pills to the outside, and they would also have Pill Masters, but this was in very limited quantities. Only those rich and wealthy clients could obtain pills from the Hundred Herb Hall. Normal people could not even do this even if they had money.

Apart from this, there would also occasionally be some mysterious Pill Masters who would leave some pills to be sold on consignment.

For Hundred Herb Hall, this was unquestionably an extremely precious opportunity. Not only could they receive a great sum from allowing the pill to be sold through the channel of the Hundred Herb Hall, more importantly they could perhaps create a long term working relationship with a pill master if they served him well.

The resources of Pill Masters was what the Hundred Herb Hall truly regarded as important.

If they were able to acquire enough Pill Masters, even the Empire itself would treat the Hundred Herb Hall differently.

Therefore, Shopkeeper Sui lead Ye Qingyu to the second floor to the first instant.

Even when Ye Qingyu came with his identity as a Marquis, he was only at the VIP area on the first floor. he did not go to the second floor.

There were around twenty or so steps to the red mahogany wood and they went through a door with a black hanging curtain. A bitter bamboo corridor appeared in front of them, and there were two different little elegant rooms on the two sides of them. Both had powerful restrictions that caused one to be unable to see the inside of the rooms clearly. The entire second floor seemed more tranquil and classical then the first floor. After heading another twenty steps upward or so, they went through another black curtained doorway. There was a faint scent of bitter bamboo that arose everywhere, causing one to feel refreshed.

Shopkeeper Sui brought Ye Qingyu to the third room on the left.

Very rapidly, there was a beautiful young female servant who brought refreshments in.

After the female servant had left, Shopkeeper Sui asked probingly, "Could it be that honoured customer is a Pill Master?" "This is not important." Ye Qingyu's voice was extremely raspy, completely changing from his original voice. After slight thought, he said, "I am also not a Pill Master, I have only been tasked by someone to sell a pill on consignment here."

Ye Qingyu knew very clearly the rules of selling pills through the channels of large herbal stores, so he was very direct.

"Oh, I've asked too much, my apologies. Could I enquire as to what type of Pill you want to leave here to sell?" As Shopkeeper Sui heard the opposing party was not a Pil master he was slightly disappointed, but he did not demonstrate this at all. He still asked this question very enthusiastically.

"[Mysterious Heaven Pellet]." Ye Qingyu’s voice intentionally became curt.

"[Mysterious Heaven Pellet]?" As Shopkeeper Sui heard this, he was slightly confused.

There was instantly countless information about pills that flitted through his mind. But no matter how he used his brain, he seemed to not have heard a pill called the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] before in his life. One must know that he had managed this division of the Hundred Herb Hall for over twenty years, he had a rich and wealthy experience. Adding to this, he was extremely interested in pills normally. There were very little pills that he had not heard the name of before.

"Forgive me for my ignorance, but I have never heard of this kind of pill before. " Shopkeeper Sui was not moved, and said with a smile, "Could it be that this is a new pill?"

The path of refining a pill was a very long process that started from nothing to something, and from something to a complicated affair.

There were often Pill Masters that had flashes of insight that created some new and original pills. There were some that were proven to be rare and valued treasures, while some were proven to be useless, and some were even more terrifying than poison… Therefore, when faced with the news of a new pill, people did not have too believing an attitude.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

Shopkeeper Sui frowned, sensing that his mysterious client seemed to not like to speak.

"Could I ask what are the effects and uses of this [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]?" Shopkeeper Sui patiently asked on.

"Increase in one's yuan qi cultivation," Ye Qingyu said word by word.

It was this type of effect?

Shopkeeper Sui was slightly surprised.

This was a very practical and valued effect, and was one of the main types of pills created.

The commonly seen pills used to increase one’s cultivation today, such as the [Increase Pill], [Promotion Pill], [Seizing Heaven Pill], [Fortune Pill], etc. were all extremely sought after pills. One pill was extremely valuable, and only famous Pill Masters or large sects could obtain such treasures.

But for these pills, although they could rapidly increase one's inner yuan cultivation, but it also brought with them some after effects and implications.

But even if so, the cost and creation process were extremely strict. Not all Pill Masters could create such a pill.

"Oh, could I enquire the extent of the increase of the pill is? And what are its after effects?" Shopkeeper casually asked.

"No after effects. One [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] can increase a thirty Spirit spring expert cultivation by half a year." Ye Qingyu had his head lowered, the white hood covering his face entirely. Therefore, Shopkeeper Sui could not see his expression at all, but his voice was still as rasp as ever, like it had emitted from a worn out bellow. It caused one to give out an involuntary shiver.

"What? What did you say? Say that again?" Shopkeeper Sui was like a cat that had its tail stood on, leaping up.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, not understanding why the reaction of the opposing party was so large.

But he still calmly and unaffectedly repeated himself.

Shopkeeper Sui stood up with a sound, shock and disbelief on his face. "Impossible, impossible."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

