Chapter 949:


Chapter 965, Inescapable net



“[Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower]... the seventh strike!”

A fluttering lotus flower responded to the Greater One Spiritual Master.

The petal fluttered about like the windswept clouds, without too much destructive power, but if someone had seen Liu Shaji kill the headmasters of the Greater One Sect four years ago on the Storm Sword Duel Meeting, then they will know how terrifying the fluttering lotus flower petals were. It could instantly kill an expert of the Immortal Step realm. It was an incredibly bizarre sword skill.

Now four years later, Liu Shaji had retrieved the [White Lotus Immortal Sword], had a deep mastery of the [Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower], and had grown much stronger than before. It was unknown how many times more destructive was this move compared to four years ago.

Even the Greater One Spiritual Master did not dare to be too arrogant.

“Hah, one really does not shed a tear until one sees the coffin.” The Greater One Spiritual Master snorted. “The Immortal God Emperor Sect has been wiped out. Although the world is big, there is no place you can hide now. Surrender those young children, and I'll let you die with joy. I can also give you a way out and pass on your White Lotus Sword Sect to future generations. Otherwise, today you and the more than two hundred young children, as well as the inheritance of the White Lotus Sword Sect will be destroyed forever.”

His voice faded as he directly recited a mantra.

An ancient black turtle shell was suspended over his head, buzzing and shaking.

At the edge of the turtle shell there was a layer of black and yellow light screen, like a layer of translucent waterfalls, protecting Greater One Spiritual Master entirely within it. Strange changes were frequently happening. In the Void behind the Greater One Spiritual Master, there faintly came the roar of the dark warrior of the northern sky, Xuanwu.

The lotus flower petal drifted over, affixing to the black and yellow light screen.

Boom!

A terrifying force exploded.

The Greater One Spiritual Master trembled all over, but the light screen did not shatter.

“Your [Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower] is indeed a divine sword technique of Clear River Domain, but so what?” A flicker of shock flashed across Greater One Spiritual Master's face before it died away. Shaking his head, he continued, “If it was four years ago, I really wouldn’t be able to defend against this attack. Unfortunately, Clear River Domain has changed, and I have changed. What I have mastered are skills and cultivation methods far more superior than that of the martial arts of Clear River Domain by more than thousands of years. Even if you launch out all nine strikes it will still be impossible for you to break the light screen of the [Dark Warrior Bone] and cannot hurt me in the slightest. Give up, I'll say it for one last time, hand over the more than two hundred young children.”

Opposite.

Liu Shaji still wore a calm expression on his face, turning a deaf ear to Greater One Spiritual Master's words.

Buzz!

The [White Lotus Immortal Sword] began to vibrate, preparing another attack.

At his feet, the last two remaining refined petals shook, drifting down from the Lotus platform, riding the wind, swirled around, and with an untraceable trajectory like the horn of an antelope, once again aimed at the Greater One Spiritual Master.

The eighth strike and the ninth strike of the [Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower] were launched out simultaneously!

After the two continuous swords, Liu Shaji's face flashed deathly white, swaying side to side, seemingly unable to steady himself. It was obviously a huge consumption of strength.

The next moment, the lotus petals struck the light screen of the turtle shell.

Boom! Boom!

Terrifying power shook.

The light screen of the [Dark Warrior Bone] rocked wildly, and a layer of ripples flickering violently.

The Greater One Spiritual Master was somewhat nervous.

“It's impossible... can he really break the protection of the [Dark Warrior Bones]?” In disbelief, he pulled out a sword behind his back in a backhand motion, and just as he was about to retaliate, the last wisp of power of the ninth strike of the [Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower] had dissipated. The [Dark Warrior Bone] had survived. However, following some brittle sounds, a white crack was seen spreading across the already broken ancient tortoise shell.

Die.

Greater One Spiritual Master was infuriated.

This [Dark Warrior Bone] was a defensive treasure he had spent a lot of effort to obtain and was known to be able to resist the full strength attack of a Saint expert. To his surprise, Liu Shaji had cracked the shell and ruined its physical appearance, and it was unknown whether it still could be used again in the future. The Greater One Spiritual Master felt his heart aching.

“It ends here. Let’s put an end to the grudges at the Storm Sword Meeting back then.” The Greater One Spiritual Master transformed into a stream of light, his black sword flashing.

Liu Shaji's figure flashed, the illusory Lotus platform at his foot buzzing, directly speeding over in the direction of the Greater One Spiritual Master.

“Open!” Greater One Spiritual Master grinned, his footwork was swift and confident like flowing water. With a backhand slash, black sword qi burst forth and easily severed the White Lotus Platform into two like cutting tofu with a knife.

But it was at this moment——

Boom!

The lotus platform had exploded following an abnormal sound.

The terrifying energy almost collapsed the entire valley, the movement of air was violent and unsteady, and the Void shattered into pieces.

The Greater One Spiritual Master had an abrupt change of expression. The black sword in his hand was rapidly vibrating, transforming into endless sword shadows. The sword qi burst out, instantly eliminating all objects between the heavens and earth. When he looked up again, the shadow of Liu Shaji had already vanished without a trace.

“Heh, run? Within thousands of kilometers, there are already inescapable nets, you think you can escape?”

He transformed into a black light and chased after following the remaining aura of Liu Shaji in the Void.

The valley was quiet.

Gradually all of dust had settled.

After the time to have a cup of tea.

A rock on the ground was turned over and a figure drilled out of the dirt beneath the rock.

It was Liu Shaji.

His body flashed, a jet of blood spurting out of his mouth. Liu Shaji slowly sat down by the rock.

He flicked his long sleeve and a gentle force flashed across.

All of a sudden there were more than ten boys and girls on the originally empty valley. The average age was about thirteen to fourteen years old, all were wearing a white robe with a small sword hanging around the waist, like a little adult. The children immediately crowded around Liu Shaji who was panting heavily.

“Uncle Liu Shaji, are you all right?”

“Are you hurt?”

“Uncle Liu Shaji, it’s our fault.”

The children's faces were etched with worry, and one little girl bursted into sobs.

Liu Shaji finally revealed a warm smile on his face, and reached out to stroke the little girl's head, comforting, “Child don't cry, let alone the fact that I owe an old friend of Heaven Wasteland Domain a favour and must protect you guys, you little fellows have learnt the sword skills and mantra of my White Lotus Sword Sect so I must protect you.”

“Uncle Liu Shaji, I’m very stupid and do not remember the mantra, and cannot hold my breath. Leave me here, take everyone and go first.” The little girl cried with a face of guilt and shame.

She had always thought she was the one who dragged Liu Shaji into this. It was not only the few children here that Liu Shaji had to protect. In the [Sky Deceiving Jade Box] there were more than one hundred little fellows. Although the [Sky Deceiving Jade Box] can temporarily store everyone, there was no air inside, and a living person could not breathe or eat inside, like a dead person. She was the weakest of all the children, thus it was impossible for her to hold her breath for a long period of time. There was no way she could stay in the [Sky Deceiving Jade Box] for too long. Every two hours she had to come out to take a breath of fresh air. Not only did she bring trouble to Liu Shaji, but also to the other companions from Heaven Wasteland Domain who had come to Clear River Domain to learn martial arts.

“I have promised Patriarch Nan Guyun that I will take you out guys to brother Ye Qingyu.” Liu Shaji smiled and flicked the little girl's forehead. “I can't lose any one of you two hundred and four people. Stop thinking nonsense, hurry and activate qi to correct your state.”

After several moments.

Liu Shaji waved his sleeve and once again hid the little fellows into the [Sky Deceiving Jade Box]

“The Greater One Spiritual Master must be telling the truth just now. If there really are inescapable nets everywhere then if we go out we most likely will die. The most dangerous place is the safest place. It is better to go back, Patriarch Nan Guyun had mentioned that Tieyi, Old Hu and brother Ye Qingyu are in Clear River Domain. I hope they have heard the news and will come in time...”

It was then that he suddenly sensed something, his complexion abruptly changed.

He saw that there were masses of dark as ink clouds rippling out, and from which there were four figures emerging, all masters of the Greater One Sect.

The Greater One Spiritual Master had also returned with a flash of black light.

The five great experts surrounded Liu Shaji from all sides.

Bang!

Several blood-stained heads were hurled down from the sky.

Liu Shaji overflowed with murderous spirit when he saw this.

Because he recognized that the heads were all elders of the Immortal God Emperor Sect. A day ago, it was these elders who were instructed to escort him away from the Immortal God Emperor Sect. At that time the war had already started, but in just one day of time these powerful elders had all been killed.

Could it really be true that the mountain gate of Immortal God Emperor Sect had been captured?

Liu Shaji had a bad feeling.

That night, Patriarch Nan Guyun had asked him to come to Emperor God Peak, but he did not tell him too much, and just asked him to take the youngsters that Ye Qingyu had sent to the Immortal God Emperor Sect. Liu Shaji already had a bad feeling at that time. Could it be that Nan Guyun had already calculated something? But if the Immortal God Emperor Sect really were in trouble then why not break the siege with all their strength?

These thoughts flashed across Liu Shaji’s mind.

The next moment there was no time to think about it any more.

Because the battle had already began.

Clang!

The clatter of sword against sword echoed throughout the mountains.

He Huimin, one of the eight main headmasters, made a move. The dark sword light that filled the sky had submerged Liu Shaji.

“Kill, attack together, and capture him. We must torture him until he says where those boys and girls went.” Greater One Spiritual Master was murderous-looking. He was fooled by Liu Shaji just now. It was a huge humiliation that he was unbelievably tricked under such a huge advantage, and had lost his last trace of patience.

Liu Shaji waved the [White Lotus Immortal Sword], meeting the enemies head on.

There seemed to be no way for him to escape.

Soon, he was splattered with blood and severely wounded again.

……

……

“Another ten thousand kilometers is the mountain gate of the Immortal God Emperor Sect.”

Nan Tieyi was somewhat looking forward.

If the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor was going to descend in the area of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, then perhaps it might be advantageous for the Human Race to compete for the treasures of the hall. After all, the Immortal God Emperor Sect was incomparably familiar with this area. Although this would bring attack to the Immortal God Emperor Sect, but he believed that, as long as the Greater One Sect does not fully participate then there would not be too much of a loss if the mountain gate were sealed. The army of the Greater One Sect would not be able to launch an offensive, and by the time the matter of the Reincarnation Hall was over, there was going to be another end to the situation.

“Yes, well, since it’s nearby, why don't we stop by Immortal God Emperor Sect first.” Ye Qingyu also wanted to see Bai Yuanxing and the others.

The three people sped along.

After an hour.

The mountain gate area of Immortal God Emperor Sect was already in sight.

But there was a strange fog that blurred their vision, and in the air there was a strong blood stench and the residue of chaotic power lingered.

“No.” Ye Qingyu had a bad feeling.

Nan Tieyi had repeatedly sent several signals but did not receive the slightest response.

Three people rushed through the fog.

“How could this happen?”

Ye Qingyu and others were aghast at the sight ahead——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 950:


Chapter 966, Huge trouble



The mountain gate of the Immortal God Emperor Sect had been completely destroyed and turned into ruins!

The expected magnificent mountain gate and range upon range of beautiful mountains did not appear in front of the three people, instead the scene was replaced with crumbling stone walls, collapsed stone statues, palaces, as well as innumerable corpses...

The trio was rooted to the spot.

After a long while.

“No, that's impossible!” Nan Tieyi erupted and roared like a mad lion. Trembling, he turned into a stream of flowing light and quickly swooped down.

Completely in shock, Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui had no time to react and instinctively followed behind.

Below, it was already a land of death.

The brutal slaughter had only left behind a dead city.

Within hundreds of kilometers, it looked as though a very tragic and bloody massacre had happened. It was reeking of blood, and there was not the slightest life force remaining. There was not a disciple of the Immortal God Emperor Sect in sight. The former martial arts field where everybody always gathered at had turned into a blood lake, only broken tiles and bricks were left of the altar where the elders used to deliver the scriptures of the sect, and the beautiful Wei River had been destroyed, The river water flowed backwards to form a lake, where several disciples of the Immortal God Emperor Sect were floating...

The moment they stepped on the ground, Nan Tieyi's heart instantly sank into the abyss.

He could already sense that the incomparably familiar yuan qi aura that was still lingering in the air were from the elders and disciples of the Immortal God Emperor Sect.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui who followed behind were also constantly searching for surviving people.

The two had an unprecedentedly shocked, serious and grave expression.

All three of them had almost lost the ability to think at that moment.

Especially Nan Tieyi, blood was almost dripping out of his eyes, body violently trembling, and the yuan qi in his body gradually went out of control.

“No, it's impossible... why...” It was as though he had gone crazy.

The beautiful mountains, the verdant hills and enchanting scenery of the Wei River Mountain Range in the past were covered in blood. All spiritual grass and flowers had been turned into charcoal. There was a lifeless atmosphere everywhere. The rivers of blood meandered and converged into a large blood lake, exuding thick black fog. Affected by the vicious currents of the heavens and earth, the strong yuan qi of the dead experts had become demonic blood light. Bloody qi filled the air, scattering in all directions. The laws of Heaven and earth had turned completely chaotic and the spiritual qi had depleted. There were Void cracks from the explosions and tearing everywhere. The roaring fiendish qi and demonic vicious currents were as intense as ink, tumbling and producing resounding mournful noises.

Except for the God Emperor Peak that was still standing alone in the depths of the mountains, all of the buildings and mountains had collapsed and shattered into ruins. The remains of the disciples of the Immortal God Emperor Sect were piled up, not one of them was spared.

“Impossible... I've been in touch with a couple of elders today... how could it be!”

Nan Tieyi still couldn’t believe the scene before his eyes. His mind was completely blank, the sight in front of him blurred up, he frantically grabbed his hair, roared, yelled, like a wounded beast, like the lost cub of an angry bear. His expression was complex, startled, grieved... and there was unstoppable anger.

Ye Qingyu also didn't know how to comfort Nan Tieyi.

Hu Bugui was even more shocked and speechless.

The Immortal God Emperor Sect had an ancient and profound foundation, and even the buildings had been standing for thousands of years and contained the protective formations and spiritual qi of Heaven and earth. It could be called an indestructible forbidden area. When the Greater One Sect dominated the Clear River Domain, it wasn’t that they had not thought to deal with the Immortal God Emperor Sect, but that they had failed repeatedly after a few attempts. Moreover, Nan Tieyi had contacted the higher-ups of the Immortal God Emperor Sect several times and the news they sent back was that the sect was safe and well...

But now, why? Why did it turned to the scene in front?

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui couldn’t figure it out.

Nan Tieyi even more couldn't figure out.

“No... this isn’t true... I must be dreaming... it's not true... I need to wake up... hurry and wake up.” Nan Tieyi's emotions seemed to be going out of control. He had completely lost his mind. He had lost the ability to think, frantically roaring and constantly looking back and forth at the shocking scenes across the mountain gate. All of a sudden he frantically bombarded his body, blood overflowing his five senses. “Ahhhh, wake up, this must be a dream!”

“Brother Nan Tieyi, snap out of it.”

Ye Qingyu went over to stop him.

It was not surprising that Nan Tieyi had gone mad. The Immortal God Emperor Sect was his home. All of the disciples in the sect were his family. As a descendant of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, he was a blood relative with many disciples. How could Nan Tieyi not be filled with deep sorrow.

Hu Bugui went forward, firmly pulling Nan Tieyi back, not letting the Young Lord, who had lost his sense, harm himself any further.

Ye Qingyu was similarly burning with anger, somewhat blaming himself.

Why was this happening?

Ye Qingyu tried hard to organize his thoughts.

Previously, Nan Tieyi was very confident, which also indicated that the Immortal God Emperor Sect indeed had many hidden cards. Even if the Greater One Sect had the support of a foreign power to support them, it would still be impossible for them to break through the mountain gate. But the situation now was the complete opposite. The Immortal God Emperor Sect had been destroyed. All along, the enemy they had was only the Greater One Sect, but could the strength of the Greater One Sect really reached such a powerful level?

The Immortal God Emperor Sect had been established in Clear River Domain for so many years, they should not have made the mistake of underestimating the enemy.

The only explanation was that the enemy was too strong, far beyond the expectations of the Immortal God Emperor Sect.

“Over there... is that not the arsenal of the Immortal God Emperor Sect?” Hu Bugui pointed to the few shrines not too far away.

Nan Tieyi's body trembled upon hearing this, eyes evidently clearing up.

His footsteps were heavy, his fists clenched, and it was as if he had exhausted all his strength to approach the collapsed shrines.

The huge shrines had been completely destroyed, the stone walls toppled over and only the foot of the walls remained. Even the defense formations had disappeared. The weapons and treasures that the Immortal God Emperor Sect had accumulated over thousands of years had all been looted and the ancestor statues crushed to broken fragments.

Surveying around, except for the God Emperor Peak, the defense of these arsenals and treasures were the strongest across the Immortal God Emperor Sect, but none of them survived.

Ye Qingyu knitted his brows in a frown, releasing his divine sense.

He discovered that the rare treasures that had been preserved for thousands of years in Wei River Mountain Range were all completely gone. The former heavenly land had turned into a barren place, and upon a careful look one would find that in addition to the corpse of the disciples of the Immortal God Emperor Sect there were some unfamiliar faces, wearing black armour, which were no doubt the disciples of the Greater One Sect.

In the distance, dozens of other battleships were destroyed, the remains scattered all across the ground.

It looked like the force that attacked the Immortal God Emperor Sect really was the Greater One Sect.

Nan Tieyi also noticed this.

“Ahhhhh, Greater One Sect, I, Nan Tieyi, swear that I will avenge the Immortal God Emperor Sect, I... will kill... everyone of Greater One Sect!” Nan Tieyi's eyes flashed with rage that almost condensed into a solid substance, heart surging frantically with flames of anger, blood and qi. He was like a volcano on the verge of erupting, about to be ignited by the roaring anger. In the end the last clear and bright light in his eyes was completely engulfed by blood.

Pff!

Suddenly, a mouthful of blood spouted from Nan Tieyi's mouth.

The rage and yuan qi that covered Nan Tieyi from head to toe suddenly dissipated, as his body went weak and collapsed.

“Brother Nan Tieyi!”

“Little Nan Tieyi!”

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui quickly supported up Nan Tieyi.

After a careful examination and making certain that he had not gone demonic, and had only lost consciousness from the fury getting into his heart, the two people finally relaxed a little.

“How did it turn out to be like this... what do we do now?” Hu Bugui carried Nan Tieyi on his back.

Ye Qingyu let out a long sigh.

This situation had completely disrupted his plan.

In truth, Ye Qingyu was also incredibly anxious.

Because Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er, Li Ying and Li Qi and the more than two hundred young geniuses of Heaven Wasteland Domain were also in Immortal God Emperor Sect, and based on the situation it most likely bode ill rather than well for them. Like Nan Tieyi, he could not accept such a picture and hoped that it was a nightmare. But now he could only hold onto the last glimmer of hope that as long as the body of Bai Yuanxing and the others were not found, he believed that they were still alive and would continue to search for them.

Ye Qingyu released his divine sense to look for some clues.

At this time, Hu Bugui suddenly cried out in surprise, eyes fixed on the distance, “Huh? No, Little Ye Qingyu, look over there. A year ago I came with Little Nan Tieyi to the Immortal God Emperor Sect and I vaguely remember the surrounding terrain. Is that not the core area of Immortal God Emperor Sect over there? It was incredibly bustling back then, but now... is that... is that an abyss? No, it's strange. Let's go over there and have a closer look.”

Ye Qingyu folowed along the direction of his gaze.

It was thousands of meters away from the God emperor Peak.

A strange abyss extended hundreds of kilometers.

From the traces of the steep and precipitous cliffs on the edge of the valley, it didn’t look like a natural formation.

The two transformed into streams of light, arriving at the edge of the abyss.

Looking down, the cliff abyss was bottomless, like it was leading to a spirit realm.

With a thought, Ye Qingyu sent out his consciousness power down toward the abyss.

But the consciousness power could only travel down thousands of meters. All of a sudden, there was a deep rumbling coming from the depths of the cave, as though a sort of existence was infuriated by the consciousness power. The ground began to quake, and then a very bizarre vicious current and incomparably terrifying yuan qi, like the qi of the god of death, gushed out along with the roar. Like ocean waves assaulting the two men.

What kind of power is this?

“Not good.”

“Retreat!”

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui rapidly stepped back.

At the same time, the two people erupted with yuan qi, silvery white and yellow-brown brilliance protecting the two within, spurted out a mouthful of blood, and frantically activated defensive force to just barely be able to resist the power that was gushing over. They stumbled back hundreds of meters to stabilize themselves, gasping for breaths. In that split second, it was as though the god of death had descended.

“What's going on? In the abyss there seemed to be something.” Hu Bugui looked at Ye Qingyu with indescribable shock.

Ye Qingyu was also in shock.

Given his current cultivation level, especially after his consciousness power had been refined by the [Cloud Top Cauldron], he could be said to be peerless, comparable to a Great Saint. However, just now he had only released his consciousness power to investigate further but it was immediately rebounded and shattered. Ye Qingyu trembled all over like an ant facing a dragon, indescribable fear drowning him. Fortunately, in that moment he reacted swiftly, severed off the consciousness power right away, and then rapidly moved back. Otherwise, he would have been immediately crushed into powder.

What was this power?

Ye Qingyu was shocked.

Even a Great Saint was not as terrifying.

Could it be...

“No, the shape of this valley, seems... somewhat strange...” Hu Bugui seemed to have discovered something, He suddenly shot into the sky, looking down at a height of thousands of meters. His face changed dramatically, body quivering, as if he had seen an incredibly frightening scene. “Brother Ye Qingyu, come over to see... this... is huge trouble!”——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 951:


Chapter 967,



Upon hearing this, Ye Qingyu soared into the sky with Nan Tieyi, looking down at the ground from afar.

With one glance, he already jumped back in shock.

The abyss below was surging with a terrifying aura, and looking down from a height, the shape became incredibly clear.

“It's a... palm print!”

The shape of the abyss was an astonishing palm print.

This scene, it seemed that a giant’s hand had slammed down from the sky, directly shattering the ground. It had created an abyss in the shape of a palm across hundreds of kilometers of the ground.

And the terrifying power that Ye Qingyu had detected before was just the residual power left behind after the palm had struck through the ground.

Looking at the huge palm print of hundreds of kilometers wide, Ye Qingyu felt a chill running down his spine.

This was simply the doing of a god. According to what Hu Bugui had said, the area that the palm print covered was clearly the core area of the former Immortal God Emperor Sect. It was close to the God Emperor Peak and the area with the strongest defense. It was the core of where all the top protection formations of the Immortal God Emperor Sect were. Ye Qingyu now began to understand why the mountain gate of Immortal God Emperor Sect would be broken through——That was because the most central formations and the protective power of the sect had already been shattered by an earth-shaking palm strike at the beginning of the battle. It was unknown how many experts this earth-shaking palm had wiped out.

“Damn it...” Hu Bugui's countenance abruptly changed. “This attack... it wouldn't be made by a martial arts Emperor, right?”

Ye Qingyu shook his head, an incredibly solemn look across his face. “Not a martial arts Emperor, but almost.”

“Quasi-emperor?” Hu Bugui exclaimed.

Ye Qingyu nodded, “At least it is impossible for a Great Saint to achieve this. There hasn't been any martial arts Emperor on this world for a long time, which is why the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor appeared. The Emperor opportunity had return to the world... So, it can only be a Quasi-emperor.” Ye Qingyu remembered what the million-year-old soul said to him before. It seemed that there really wasn't just one Quasi-emperor on this world. At least this earth-shattering palm was not left by [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] would never help a sect like the Greater One Sect.

It was another Quasi-emperor.

It turned out that the reason that the Greater One Sect had returned to Clear River Domain, dominated the domain, was because they had the support of a terrifying force that was at least a Quasi-emperor existence.

The situation was a bit tricky.

As they were speaking, there was some movement in the distance.

In the depths of the sky there were three figures gradually appearing above the mountain gate of the Immortal God Emperor Sect.

“Huh?” Ye Qingyu spun around.

But the figures were not people of the Greater One Sect, instead they seemed to be experts of other domains that had come because of the arrival of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

These figures were all standing in mid air, staring at the ruins of the Immortal God Emperor Sect with a bewildered face. They also could tell that the sect below was extremely strong. Whether it was the location of the mountain gate or the scale of the ruins, it seemed to be a sect that must not be underestimated. Unfortunately it had all been destroyed. Adding to this, it looked like the attack had just happened these few days. Following all this, the experts noticed the terrifying palm print of hundreds of kilometers wide and were all shaken to the core.

Those who could come to this area were all powerful experts. In one glance they could roughly guess what sort of existence could break the ground and leave such a tremendous palm print.

They were even more shocked and puzzled.

“Is it a Quasi-emperor?”

“In the absence of a martial arts Emperor, a Quasi-emperor is invincible. What kind of sect would provoke a Quasi-emperor?”

“Heavens, even a Quasi-emperor is here.”

“I don't think it’s necessarily a Quasi-emperor. It is rumoured that a Quasi-emperor can destroy a domain. If it were a Quasi-emperor then Clear River Domain would have been wiped out and should not have only left this small palm print.”

The experts of all sides kept a good distance, and dared not to come closer in case that something will happen again. Any situation that involved a Quasi-emperor was a matter where life and death could be a decided in a  moment.

At the same time, they were also sizing up Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui with a strange gaze.

Ye Qingyu drew back his gaze and ignored the people.

He and Hu Bugui avoided the suspected Quasi-emperor palm print area, searched the ruins of the entire Immortal God Emperor Sect, trying to find some clues. However in addition to the corpses of the experts of the Immortal God Emperor Sect and the Greater One Sect, they could only see crumbled palaces, statues and various buildings, as well as the remains of the Greater One Sect battleships. What kept a glimmer of hope was that, he did not find Bai Yuanxing and the others children of Heaven Wasteland Domain among the corpses.

“Hopefully they've left early and escaped the disaster.”

Ye Qingyu could only think like that.

Now he couldn’t split up to search further for clues.

At this moment, there were increasingly more figures appearing in the sky.

All were experts of the great forces and races that had come upon receiving the news.

“Strange, why are the people of the Greater One Sect not here? Could they just be after the treasures in the arsenal and went to all the efforts to destroy the Immortal God Emperor Sect just for revenge? Have they left already?” Ye Qingyu still found that the atmosphere was a little strange, as if there was something that wasn't quite right.

Logically speaking, since the Greater One Sect had the support of a suspected Quasi-emperor, then they must have known about the arrival of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. That mysterious Quasi-emperor absolutely would not give up the Emperor opportunity. Therefore, even if the army of the Greater One Sect had retreated, there should at least be the top masters of the Greater One Sect around. However, along the way he had not encountered any of the black-armoured soldiers of the Greater One Sect. They would not be hiding in the dark, right?

While in deep thoughts, the voice of the million-year-old soul was ringing in Ye Qingyu’s ear again.

“Be careful, there are people in the dark watching you.”

Ye Qingyu immediately sensed something when he heard this. He activated his yuan qi to its peak, while secretly passing a message to Hu Bugui.

Hu Bugui responded, “I will take care of Little Nan Tieyi, I'll leave the rest to brother Ye Qingyu. If it's the Greater One Spiritual Master then be sure to kill him to avenge the Immortal God Emperor Sect.”

The bandit leader's eyes were also blazing with rage.

Without the slightest hesitation, he directly took out a mysterious Emperor qi tile, letting it suspend above his head. This tile was rough and without any pattern, just like a broken brick tile, but the strange rays of light it was emitting completely shrouded Nan Tieyi and him. The wisps of Emperor qi scattered, mysterious and unfathomable, concealing the two. It was as though they were ascending to the heavens. It easily isolated the demonic qi between Heaven and earth and all the aura of chaos.

All of experts in the Void were aghast at the sight.

“That's... an Emperor weapon?”

“He holds an Emperor weapon? Who is that? Is it a descendant of a martial arts Emperor?”

“No, it's just the fragment of an Emperor weapon, it's incomplete.”

“From the clothes, they seem to be natives of Clear River Domain... I didn’t expect there to be such a treasure in the hands of a half-Saint expert, hehe...”

There was murmur of discussion in the Void.

When the many people looked at Hu Bugui again there was undisguised greed and jealousy.

It should be said that, in the tens of thousands of years of absence of a martial arts Emperor, even a fragment of an Emperor weapon was a treasure. In their eyes it was simply a waste for it to fall in the hands of a semi-Saint, not to mention that the arrival of the Reincarnation Hall this time was an Emperor opportunity. If there was a piece of Emperor weapon in their hands, then perhaps there would be some kind of wonderful reaction. After all, it was the fruit of the martial arts Emperor realm. What if the Emperor qi on this fragment of Emperor weapon led to the Emperor opportunity?

The next moment, everyone began to act.

A little brass pagoda emerged in the Void, the old formation markings and brilliance flashing like tadpoles, as it directly pressed down above the top of Hu Bugui's head.

“Haha, scraps of Emperor qi? Not bad luck, it’s mine.”

Domineering voices resounded.

……

……

“Accept defeat and hand over the little bastards, and I'll end you painlessly!”

The Greater One Spiritual Master spoke.

Opposite.

Liu Shaji, who had lost one arm, sneered his contempt.

He held the [White Lotus Immortal Sword] in his left hand, slowly wiping the tip of the sword across his chest, and erased the black bloodstains on the sword. Stepping on the severed head of the headmaster of the Bright Moon Peak, he sneered, “You were stray dogs but dare to come back to bark in Clear River Domain. It turns out you have betrayed your sect and Master. Haha, can you even be considered a human? There is black blood flowing in your body, you have mastered a demonic technique, what is the difference between you and a puppet? I am the successor of the White Lotus Sword Sect, I have nothing to fear on earth, how would I put down the sword of my sect in from of you lackeys?”

In the previous battle, Liu Shaji had killed three headmasters of the Greater One Sect.

But he also had paid a huge price. He had suffered multiple sword wounds, riddled with scars, but the most severe injury was that his right arm was broken and there was a strange black energy flowing around the wound. It was incredibly problematic. Not only could Liu Shaji not form a new arm from his flesh and blood, the power was crazily corroding his body like maggot. Liu Shaji knew very clearly that if this continued he absolutely couldn’t withstand for too long.

“Die!”

The only female headmaster of the Eight peaks, He Huimin, launched a killing move, chaotic sword light from all directions aimed at Liu Shaji.

The pure and shy girl who blushed because of a word Ye Qingyu said when she welcomed Yu Xioaxing to the Clear Lotus Peak had become a grim Asura. Her strength was several times higher than before, but her nature had also completely changed. Shrouded in a strange black aura, she resembled a demon from the dark realm. There was no longer the slightest shyness or kindness.

Liu Shaji let out an inward sigh.

He knew that he could not escape.

Although he had killed three headmasters, the remaining Greater One Spiritual Master and He Huiming were the most powerful of the five, also the most terrifying.

Just as Liu Shaji was ready to fight to death and was about to send away the [Sky Deceiving Jade Box], there was an unbelievable reversal.

The sword light that He Huimin originally aimed at Liu Shaji took an abrupt turn, soared with murderous spirit, enveloping the Greater One Spiritual Master.

A major disaster was occurring right in front of him——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 952:


Chapter 968, Swallow and evolve



Not to mention that Liu Shaji could not react in time, even the Greater One Spiritual Master was unable to respond to the change at this point.

Caught off guard, several sword lights struck the Greater One Spiritual Master.

“Ah, you... you want to die!” Amid an ultimate roar, the Greater One Spiritual Master wildly spurted out a jet of blood, his body almost splitting apart. It should be said that He Huimin's cultivation level was also extremely terrifying. The young woman was found to have extraordinary talent, and was personally selected as the headmaster of the Clear Lotus Peak. Adding to this, after the transformation, her strength was second only to the Greater One Spiritual Master, well above the other six headmasters. Under the sneak attack, the Greater One Spiritual Master was directly blown into pieces.

“Quickly go!”

He Huimin turned her head around to look at Liu Shaji.

At that moment, Liu Shaji found that the girl’s beautiful eyes were no longer clouded in black fog, but twinkling brightly and was unprecedentedly clear.

Although he did not know why He Huimin would suddenly change sides, Liu Shaji did not hesitate in the slightest to turn into a stream of light and sped away into the distant Void.

Because he could tell that He Huimin was no match for the Greater One Spiritual Master, and could only block him for a short moment. Moreover he also had little strength to continue to fight again. There was nothing he could do even if he were to stay behind and would instead become a burden. The most important thing was that he also carried the lives of more than two hundred children, thus this was not the time to try to act brave.

In the blink of an eye, the figure of Liu Shaji had already disappeared completely.

“You... how dare you betray the Greater One Sect?” In the midst of the black blood fog, the voice of the Greater One Spiritual Master sounded like a curse.

And his figure had already re-condensed.

He glowered at He Huimin and did not go after Liu Shaji.

He Huimin's black hair fluttered in the wind as she coldly smiled, “The one who betrayed the Greater One Sect is you.”

“Me? Ridiculous. I am the Patriarch of the Greater One Sect, how can I betray the Greater One Sect.” The Greater One Spiritual Master snapped, surging with dangerous and powerful aura, as he rapidly approached. His fierce killing intent was like a tangible object, freezing the air within thousands of meters.

He Huimin gripped the sword in both hands in the stance of the [Central Power Sword] technique of the Greater One Sect, rapidly operating yuan qi, and the black shadow that clouded her face had gradually dispersed.

The maiden’s hair fluttered, her fair and beautiful face looked extremely calm, but the fury in her eyes seemed like it could incinerate this world. “Patriarch? What a joke, you don’t deserve to be the Patriarch of the Greater One Sect. You are the one who betrayed the Greater One Sect. You were the one who presented the many years of foundation of the Greater One Sect to that place, and treated the tens of thousands of disciples as sacrifices of your ambition. Countless senior and junior brothers and sisters had been transformed into monsters. The real Greater One Spiritual Master was completely destroyed when you knelt down at the foot of that person and chose to surrender. Now you’re an abnormal freak, and the people of the Greater One Sect are just a bunch of pitiful tools...”

The rapidly nearing figure of Greater One Spiritual Master stopped for a moment.

The contempt on He Huimin's face intensified, flames blazing in her beautiful eyes.

The maiden then said in a ridicule tone, “Those brothers and elders who oppose you were mercilessly killed by you. They are the ones who really deserve to wear the combat robe of the Greater One Sect... Feng Wuhen, did you know, I have wanted to kill you long ago, but there wasn't a chance. In order to wait for my chance I had no choice but to accept that kind of demon-like transformation and become a monster. Although I can't kill you today, but to be able to save Swordsman Liu Shaji is also a sort of atonement for me... Feng Wuhen, you have been blinded by greed, do you remember the oath you made when you entered the sect? The first teaching of the Greater One Sect, once stepped into the sect one cannot turn back, must uphold righteousness and justice, and those who betrayed the sect must be killed. Do you remember?”

The Greater One Spiritual Master did not respond.

The anger in his heart, which erupted by the sneak attack, had suddenly dissipated at this moment.

Facing the girl who was many years younger than him, listening to her resounding questioning, the Greater One Spiritual Master uncontrollably let out a sigh.

The teachings of the sect?

The Greater One Spiritual Master assumed a sort of trance-like expression.

He had thought that he had long forgotten the matters of the past, but at this moment, being questioned by the young maiden, for some reason, the memory of thousands of years ago had suddenly became incredibly clear. He still vividly remembered the child who was once filled with heroic dreams, bowing and thanking the teachers in the main hall of the Greater One Peak. The peach blossoms in front of the hall were the most beautiful that year. The petals were swirling and the teachers wore a gratified smile... That was the scene of him when he entered the sect, and that was his original intention and aspiration.

It was a pity that everything had passed away forever.

When did the change begin?

The Greater One Spiritual Master also did not remember.

It was impossible for an arrow to return to the bowstring that it had been shot out from.

And he also could no longer turn back. “Die!”

The black sword in He Huimin's hand rolled up monstrous waves, drowning the figure before her.

“Fine, you brought about your own death. Since you still have the Greater One Sect in your heart and are living in pain and suffering, then I will help you to free yourself.” The look of trance in the Greater One Spiritual Master's eyes had faded away, dark light re-occupied his pupils, and he no longer had the slightest hesitation. A blazing black sword emerged in his hands, and with the turn of his hand, a terrifying dark force burst forth, like a surging tide, to meet He Huimin's sword waves.

Clang clang clang!

Sparks sputtered.

Figures moved past each other.

He Huimin's figure was all of a sudden frozen in midair.

The life force in her body was dissipating unstoppably like the grains of sand in an hourglass.

The black sword in her hand dropped, clattering to the ground.

“For pure you came and pure you shall go, what should not belong to me leave the body.” There was an unprecedented serene smile curving her lips, and then her arms trembled.

There was a tearing sound.

The strange black armour on He Huimin's body suddenly broke apart into pieces and drifted away. Her clothing and other items turned into fine powder, revealing a naked body that black scales had grown all over. Then, there were wisps of dark force that was visible to the naked eye seeping out from her body, scattering in the Void. Her body of black scales had vanished, revealing her fair jade-like body. Her long black hair hung down to the heel, shrouding her naked and fair body.

“This is the moment that I'm a real person.”

She sat cross-legged in the Void with a face of relief.

Her last breath of life had dissipated.

Greater One Spiritual Master stood with one hand clasped tight around the sword hilt, a complex expression across his face.

In the end, he did not let the pitiful and respectable maiden go. As the maiden's body was about to fall from the Void, the Greater One Spiritual Master lifted his hand and drew the gradually falling cold body over, an icy fierce light flashed in his eyes as he slashed off He Huimin’s head in a backhand motion. Soon after a dark force burst forth, and small crack split open his palm. The seams were covered with teeth, and a dark python whizzed out, devouring the corpse of the maiden.

“Haha, what delicious nutrients.”

Carrying the maiden’s serene head, the dark light in the Greater One Spiritual Master's eyes grew more eerie and sinister.

At this moment, he had evidently made the final decision. The hint of hesitation he had before had completely faded.

The Greater One Spiritual Master looked down at the head in his hand and uttered a low and evil laugh.

“Good, since three of the headmasters had died, I have to give an explanation to the Special Envoy. Since you betrayed the sect then I'll use your head... What a pity, the Special Envoy favoured you because of your beauty and wanted to make you his woman after the Immortal God Emperor Sect is destroyed, unfortunately you do not have such good fortune. Haha, it's good that you died. If you really became the woman of Special Envoy then you might sway him and bring great trouble to me.”

Before his voice faded.

The last trace of light in the Greater One Spiritual Master's eyes was extinguished like the flame of a candle.

His eyes were completely covered in dark colours.

The body of the Greater One Spiritual Master began to change.

Faint layers of sinister black fog spread out, and a layer of fine silver-black scales were growing all over his bare skin, flashing an eerie light under the sun. The scales quickly covered his whole body all except the nose, eyes, lips, tongue, ears, making him look like a dark lizard and become an incredibly terrifying monster.

“Huh? Hahaha, it’s... evolved... Haha, the little girl's constitution is so remarkable that it triggered my [Dark Demon Body] to undergo evolution?” The Greater One Spiritual Master exclaimed. After the transformation of that place, each evolution of the demon body would greatly enhance his strength.

This was his second evolution since he had undergone the transformation.

The first evolution allowed him to leap directly from the Immortal Step realm into the Saint realm, and the evolution this time...

“It's a powerful feeling, this is real power...” Greater One Spiritual Master became intoxicated with his powers. Operating the dark force of the body, he felt an ethereal lightness. “This is the power of the pinnacle of the Saint realm, one more step and I will reach the Great Saint realm... Haha, the [Dark Demon Body] is indeed extraordinary. I don’t need to work hard to cultivate and only need to devour to freely enhance the strength. This is the ultimate method of martial arts in the world. Master did not deceive me, kekeke!”

In the midst of the strange laugh, he had thoroughly grasped the new power. The scales gradually faded, restored his normal human form, and that dark aura that covered him all over also dispersed.

Looking at the direction where Liu Shaji had fled, the Greater One Spiritual Master grinned.

“Even the heavens is helping me too. Haha, you can stop me for a moment, but cannot stop me forever. There are inescapable nets all over the Wei River Mountain Range. Even a great saint cannot escape from here. Liu Shaji, you really think you can survive? You are just prolonging your remaining breath. At our next meeting, you will have to die in my hands, kekeke... And that Ye Qingyu, he should have reached the Wei River Mountain Range by now. Now that my cultivation had reached this level, I can easily kill you the next time we meet, hahaha!”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

