Chapter 1253:


Chapter 1267 - Gate of Life and Death

Ye Qingyu soon changed his mind when Old Fish informed him that the so-called World Tree was the foundation of the Vast Thousand Domains. Each leaf on the tree represented a different world. It contained the strongest life force in the universe, and it had miraculous effects that could even bring back the dead.

Ye Qingyu was drawn to its ability to bring back the dead.

He had always wanted to resurrect Liu Shaji and traces of his soul were hidden within the [White Lotus Immortal Sword]; this would be the crucial factor that would determine whether or not Liu Shaji would be able to return to the mortal realm. The million year old soul had also once mentioned that if the time and luck was on his side, he might just be able to resurrect Liu Shaji, but warned that there would be a heavy price to pay. Ye Qingyu had always kept these words close to his heart.

He nodded after some thought and said, "Indeed, I know where the World Tree is and it wouldn't be a problem for me to pluck several leaves from this tree. However, will it really be able to bring back the dead? Tell me the truth before I let you know more."

Old Fish's eyes gleamed with green light and said eagerly, "Of course it is true. Hehe, I know you must be thinking of trying to resurrect Liu Shaji, right? He he, don't worry. I'm fond of that fellow too and I'll do my best to bring him back... it is a simple process. The convergence of life and death forces has the power to reverse yin and yang. The World Tree is bursting with life while the water from the Yellow Springs is filled with death. All we'll need to do is to find the gate to life and death. As long as a trace of the deceased's soul still exists, you will be able to resurrect him."

Old Fish had come together with Ye Qingyu to Clear River Domain, and had gotten on well with Liu Shaji and the others, so he took on a more serious tone at the mention of Liu Shaji.

"Gate of life and death? Where is that located?" Ye Qingyu immediately latched on to the crucial point.

The leaves from the World Tree and the water from the Yellow Springs were within reach, and it wouldn't be difficult for him to obtain them; the only item he was missing was the gate of life and death.

"Hehehe, you've come to the right person for advice," Old Fish said proudly as he pointed to the Ferryman of the Netherworld standing on the broken boat behind him. "Check out this old greedy man. His body is dead and nothing but a pile of straw. Yet, there's life in him and he acts like a living person. He is a combination of life and death in itself... don't you find that odd?"

Ye Qingyu nodded.

It was indeed strange.

The Ferrymen of the Netherworld were all very unique. They were all as powerful as the Sky Emperor, but after losing their physical bodies, their Great Dao was not complete, and all that was left of them were their souls. Even if they forcefully took over someone else's body, they wouldn't be perfect. However, the Ferrymen of the Netherworld could use their scarecrow bodies to ascend the imperial throne of past sovereigns. People used to think that scarecrows would never be able to spiritualize since one would need to have an intellectual mind to do that and they'd only be able to transform themselves completely after they had absorbed the spiritual qi in the universe. Ordinary scarecrows would not be able to spiritualize even if they've been soaking in immortal liquid for ten thousand years.

Old Fish was right when he said that the Ferrymen of the Netherworld were a combination of both life and death.

"Do you know why they've ended up this way? It is because they've gone to the gate of life and death," Old Fish said happily. "Now, since they've been there before, I'm sure they know where exactly this gate is located..." he turned to look at the Ferryman of the Netherworld and said, "Am I right? You greedy old man?"

The Ferryman of the Netherworld nodded mechanically and stretched out its hand, "Pay the price."

"Goddamnit..." Old Fish cursed. "We've already known each other for so many years and you're still trying to charge me?"

The Ferryman of the Netherworld would not be swayed, "You have to pay twice."

The Ferryman was charging one fee for guiding the way, and another fee for healing Old Fish's wounds. Old Fish had used the Yellow Springs to heal his wounds but had not paid enough for this treatment.

After a round of bargaining, Old Fish finally produced something that the Ferryman of the Netherworld was pleased with.

"Get on the boat," it said as it hit its green bamboo oars against the side of the boat.

Ye Qingyu hopped onto the boat with Bai Yuanxing.

Old Fish also tagged along.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld held on to the tall bamboo oars and steered the boat down the Yellow Springs at a moderate speed.

"Hurry up," Old Fish urged him. Old Fish couldn't wait to see the leaves that Ye Qingyu could apparently pluck from the World Tree and urged the Ferryman to hurry. Unfortunately, the Ferryman ignored his demands.

Ye Qingyu was also anxious but under such circumstances, he could only wait patiently.

After some time, they could see elusive light yellow mist floating from the surface of the Yellow Springs that blocked their vision. The mist contained a very obscure forcefield that could block out the divine sense probes of even Emperor-level experts. It seemed to be caused from the evaporation of the water from the Yellow Springs, but at the same time, it didn't seem like it either...

"It is rumored that there is a fog of eternity at the very end of the Yellow Springs, and even gods could lose their way in the midst of this fog..." Old Fish muttered and seemed a lot more solemn.

The atmosphere here was very frightening.

The mist around them grew thicker.

Ye Qingyu found that he couldn't see past ten meters despite his strong eyesight.

According to legend, the fog of eternity was a strange land between life and death. Old Fish had informed Ye Qingyu earlier on the boat that the gate of life and death was located in the space between life and death. Evidently, it should be found within the fog of eternity. However, it would be impossible for ordinary men to enter this area, since even fiendgods could lose themselves forever within this fog and Emperors could enter but would never be able to exit. The Ferrymen of the Netherworld were the only ones who could travel freely within this fog since they were neither dead nor alive.

In other words, they were part of the fog.

Their bamboo poles propped the dingy boat up and could determine the direction and their bearing, so they would never be lost.

Ye Qingyu stood on the small boat and carefully sensed the mysterious forcefield in the surrounding fog, his expression contemplative.

Two hours later, the sound of gurgling water could be heard in the distance ahead.

He could tell that this was not the sound made by the water in the Yellow Springs.

Had they arrived?

He looked at the Ferryman of the Netherworld.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld's face turned grim as it held the bamboo oar with both hands. It seemed more guarded as it steered the boat forward gingerly. Its eyes that were as dark as coals suddenly flickered with dim black light, as though they had been ignited. A mysterious Emperor qi swirled around it and all its techniques seemed to have been activated.

Although it was a sovereign of the past, the Emperor qi that circulated around it at the moment clearly belonged to a Martial Emperor at his prime.

The yellow fog was so thick that it seemed to be a solid city wall made of yellow earth.

The black, broken, and small boat gave off a dim glow, as though it were a piece of burning coal. The energy it gave off was also some kind of forcefield that pushed aside the surrounding yellow fog to create a small path through it. Then, the boat continued to make its way forward toward the sound of the flowing water.

Ye Qingyu could tell that the Ferryman of the Netherworld originated from a terrifying source and could also guess that it must have been a Martial Emperor from this universe, born in this land between the living and the dead. This was why it could travel freely in the fog. It was truly a strange creature.

Finally, the yellow fog completely disappeared to reveal a clear lake in front of them.

The black dingy boat made its way into the clear lake and suddenly started to sink.

"The water..." Ye Qingyu noticed something odd about it. The Yellow Springs could not even affect this boat but this clear lake, one that was merely several meters wide, with water so clear that it was like a perfect wine without a speck of dust, was causing the boat to sink. This meant that the water within the lake was even more terrifying than the water from the Yellow Springs.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld had to use more effort to steer the boat forward.

The boat's momentum decreased and moved incredibly slowly.

It took another hour before they finally reached the middle of the lake.

There was a small island made of white rock in the middle of the lake. This rock was as white as jade and there were no markings on it. If one looked at this island from the top, it seemed completely round and flawless.

"We're here," said the Ferryman of the Netherworld, and used his jadeite green bamboo oar to propel himself onto the island.

Ye Qingyu and the others were thrilled and Old Fish eagerly hopped off the boat.

The white rock was smooth and lustrous. It was barren and there was no scenery to behold. Its surface was completely flat and no vegetation grew on it. However, there was a strange life force contained within this white rock. The Ferryman of the Netherworld guided them confidently to the center of the white island.

They saw a well of two meters in diameter. They could also see that there was water within the well, one meter below its edge.

The water within the well lapped gently against the walls of the well and layers of ripples formed on its surface.

"The gate of life and death," the Ferryman of the Netherworld said as it pointed at the well.

Ye Qingyu and Old Fish exchanged a glance. The legendary gate of life and death turned out to be a well.

The gate of life and death connected a place bursting with life to a place that was filled with death. This lake was located in the heart of the fog of eternity at the Yellow Springs, so this meant that this was the place that was filled with death. If so, would the place at the other end of the well be one bursting with life? What could that place be?

Ye Qingyu's curiosity was piqued.

First, he still had to settle the matter of Liu Shaji.

He looked at Old Fish.

"Why don't you take out the leaves from the World Tree first?" Old Fish said eagerly. "Let me put this clearly: you can't only produce one leaf since you've got to give one to me as well... Hehe, I can tell that you're definitely in possession of the leaves from the World Tree."

Ye Qingyu smiled and didn't make any further explanations. He opened his palm and immediately plucked two leaves from the World Tree in his dantian world.

The leaves glowed faintly with lush green light and shone with a dreamy aura.

A bountiful lifeforce that was as vast as an ocean burst forth from the tiny leaves.

"These... are truly the leaves from the World Tree," Old Fish said as his eyes gleamed. He immediately snatched the leaves away from Ye Qingyu and his avaricious behavior was just like how Little Nine would act. He held them in his hand like he was holding peerless treasures and looked at them from all angles as his saliva dripped from his mouth.

"Tell me, how do we resurrect Liu Shaji?" Ye Qingyu urged him.

"That's easy. Hand over the [White Lotus Immortal Sword] that contains traces of Liu Shaji's soul," Old Fish took the sword from Ye Qingyu, placed one leaf from the World Tree against the body of the sword, then did something that made Ye Qingyu jump in horror.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1254:


Chapter 1268 - Throwing It into the Well

Old Fish took the [White Lotus Immortal Sword] and the leaf from the World Tree, then threw them into the well.

"What are you...?" Ye Qingyu tried to scoop these items back up.

"No no no...!" Old Fish quickly stopped him and said, "If you want to resurrect him, he'll have to be baptized by the gate of life and death. How else would he be resurrected?"

"Is that it? Do we just throw these items in the well?" Ye Qingyu said doubtfully.

Old Fish laughed and said, "The Great Dao is simple. Great skills seem incompetent, great vocalists seldom raise their voices... the more simple something seems, the more complicated it actually is, while the things that seem complicated are actually made out of simple theories. The mouth of this well is the gate of life and death and it contains a power that even Emperors would not be able to fathom. Thus, how could anyone ever dream of controlling its power? Thus, the gate of life and death will have to make the decision whether or not to resurrect Liu Shaji. We can't force it to make a decision."

Ye Qingyu was still rather doubtful but he had to admit that Old Fish's words made sense.

Old Fish said, "Moreover, since Liu Shaji will be reborn, it does not mean that the Liu Shaji who will appear will be the same Liu Shaji you used to know. He might be slightly different, so you should be prepared."

Ye Qingyu's brows arched and he asked, "What do you mean? What differences are you referring to?"

He suddenly had a bad feeling about Old Fish's words.

"Just as flowers from the same stem might not be exact copies of each other, and just as a seed might not produce leaves that are exactly the same, it would be reasonable to think that Liu Shaji will probably be slightly different after emerging from the gate of life and death," Old Fish explained patiently.

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt as though he had been tricked by his old friend and said, "What exactly are you trying to say?"

Old Fish spread his hands out wide helplessly and said, "You'll know what I mean soon enough."

"How long would this take?" Ye Qingyu asked as he looked at Old Fish.

Old Fish shook his head and said, "I'm not sure. As I've said, no one is able to control the power from the gate of life and death. I don't know how long this would take myself."

"You..." Ye Qingyu suddenly realized that there were many problems with this plan. Old Fish didn't seem to know much about the gate of life and death at all.

As they spoke, ripples suddenly appeared in the water and a small tree branch slowly emerged. This tree branch grew at a visible pace and climbed up the wall of the well to reach surface level. It continued to grow and new branches continued to spout from it. A part of these branches reached out to the sky while another part of these branches plunged into the white jadeite rock and tunneled into the depths of the rock.

Thirty minutes later, a magical tree that was several dozen meters tall and had a canopy that shrouded the surrounding hundreds of meters appeared in front of the group.

"Uh..." Ye Qingyu was extremely shocked.

He looked at Old Fish and at the Ferryman of the Netherworld; he noticed that they seemed to be rather taken aback as well. Evidently, none of them had expected to see this.

"This isn't the World Tree," Old Fish said regretfully after he managed to move his mouth that had fallen open in shock.

This magical tree was not a mini version of the World Tree but instead, it was an odd tree that had never been seen before. A ray of silverish white light flickered in the middle of the tree canopy. This was the [White Lotus Immortal Sword] that had been thrown into the well earlier. It seemed like the sword was back in its scabbard and grew from the trunk of this strange tree. It was so tightly bound to this tree that it had become part of it.

"Whatever happens next will depend on how lucky Liu Shaji is," Old Fish said.

Liu Shaji's soul was contained within the [White Lotus Immortal Sword] and the signs that they had witnessed seemed positive. It meant that the leaf from the World Tree and the [White Lotus Immortal Sword] were heading in a positive direction after being activated by the gate of life and death. The [White Lotus Immortal Sword] gave off mysterious rays of light that surged with abundant life force.

"Would this tree bear fruit? Should I expect to see a new Liu Shaji pop out from the fruit of this tree?" Ye Qingyu asked in confusion.

Old Fish plucked several leaves from this mysterious tree and examined them.

"We will be able to know the result only after some time has passed," he finally concluded.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld agreed with his conclusion.

"Let's wait a few more days then," Ye Qingyu said and decided to keep this tree under observation.

Three days later, a blood-colored bud bloomed on this strange tree.

Another three days passed before the first petal of this blood-colored bud opened and it resembled a ball of burning blood. The end of the petal seemed almost intangible. It was elusive and was like smoke or mist.

"One part of his soul has returned," the Ferryman of the Netherworld said.

Ye Qingyu and Old Fish were stunned.

Did each petal on the bud signify a part of Liu Shaji's soul?

It was said that men had three spiritual and seven physical souls, so this flower would only be complete after ten petals had opened from this bud. Would the newly resurrected Liu Shaji emerge from the fruit of this flower?

The second petal opened after another three days and it was an exact copy of the first petal—it seemed like smoke and mist, like a dream or a fantasy, as though another part of his soul had returned.

The third petal opened after another three days passed.

Then, the fourth and the fifth petal...

However, no one was sure when the next petal would bloom.

Ye Qingyu finally sighed after he waited for a month. He knew that he didn't have the luxury of time to continue waiting.

Time waits for no man.

If the Sky Emperor's cronies noticed that he had disappeared for such a long period of time, the Sky Emperor might launch a counterattack, which would nullify all his previous efforts and countless others would suffer. The affairs of mankind were like a tide, and life was like water. Ye Qingyu was not an ambitious man who wanted to reign over all living creatures, but there seemed to be a net that enveloped him and tightened around him the more he struggled. Before he knew it, he had to bear a heavy burden.

He had to go back.

"Please send me back," Ye Qingyu turned to bow at the Ferryman of the Netherworld and handed over his fee even before the Ferryman could speak. Then, he said to Old Fish, "If you have time to spare, would you mind waiting here?"

"Ah?" Old Fish thought for a moment before he said, "Sure, I was on good terms with that fellow Liu Shaji myself and since I do have some spare time on my hands, I'll just wait here. Haha, this is great!"

However, to their surprise, the Ferryman of the Netherworld shook its head and rejected the fee that Ye Qingyu had offered. "I can't bring you out of this place," it said.

"What?" Ye Qingyu was stunned.

Old Fish was also a little dumbfounded, "What do you mean, you greedy old man? Please don't scare me with such words... Hmm? Are you deliberately trying to exaggerate so as to make us hand over all our assets to you in our despair?"

It would be a nightmare if they couldn't get out of the fog of eternity.

Although Ye Qingyu's cultivation was so powerful that he had rewritten history, he wasn't sure if he'd be able to emerge safely from the fog of eternity based on what he had seen earlier.

"You've entered from a place of death, so now, you'll have to exit from the gate of life," the Ferryman of the Netherworld simply replied.

The gate of life and death was the place between life and death. Whoever entered from the gate of life will only be able to exit from the place of death, and vice versa. This was the universal law of the Great Dao of life and death and no one could defy this law. Ye Qingyu had relied on the Ferryman of the Netherworld's personal Emperor weapon and the Yellow Springs, and passed through the fog of eternity to arrive at the gate of life and death. It would be impossible to exit the way that they had entered, so they could only leave from the gate of life.

As for the gate of life...

"Are you saying that we have to jump into the well if we want to get out of here?" Old Fish suddenly paled as he stared at the well in front of him.

No one knew what dangers lurked in the well.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld nodded solemnly in agreement.

"Wait, since you managed to bring us here, this means that you'd be able to go back to where you came from. Why can't you take us along with you?" Old Fish suddenly remembered that the Ferryman of the Netherworld would be able to steer the boat back.

"We are different," the Ferryman of the Netherworld said simply.

Old Fish was about to argue, but he immediately realized that the Ferryman of the Netherworld was speaking the truth. It was a scarecrow that straddled the place between life and death and it was the most fantastical creature in the world. It could neither live nor die and it could even be said that it transcended both life and death. Thus, it could freely defy the Dao of life and death without having to suffer any consequences.

He turned back to look at Ye Qingyu and they looked at each other in dismay.

"What's inside the well?" Ye Qingyu asked.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld shook its head because it had never jumped into the well. Then, it said, "It won't be dangerous. The well would lead to the place bursting with life and since it is part of this world, it won't lead to any other worlds. Moreover, the place of life isn't dangerous and even if you encounter any danger, you're both strong enough to overcome it."

Old Fish grumbled in annoyance and felt that it had been tricked by this scarecrow.

"You can go ahead. I'll guard this tree," the Ferryman of the Netherworld said. After all, this was a place of death and if a living creature like Old Fish spent too much time in this place, he would suffer from adverse effects.

Ye Qingyu thought about it and decided that this was the only option they could take.

He couldn't blame the Ferryman of the Netherworld since no one questioned how they'd be returning before they set off; and to the Ferryman of the Netherworld, the well was definitely a plausible way to get out of that place.

"Let's go!" Ye Qingyu said as he grabbed Bai Yuanxing and jumped into the well without any hesitation.

Old Fish stomped his feet and cursed at the Ferryman of the Netherworld before he pinched his nose and jumped into the well.

The water was tremendously cold.

The moment Ye Qingyu entered the well, he felt as though his body was about to freeze and break apart. He immediately exerted his Emperor qi, protecting Bai Yuanxing within, but when he opened his eyes to look around, he saw that everything around him was in monochromatic colours. There was no point of reference, so this was extremely bizarre. He lost his sense of direction and distance, as though nothing existed, or as though everything was part of nothingness...

He suddenly felt as though he had died.

Then, a strong force tore through his body.

He felt as though he were a fetus that was about to be pushed from his mother’s womb, and there was a constant force that pressed down on him. He could vaguely make out a speck of light ahead and pulled Bai Yuanxing along with him, as they tried to squeeze through that hole with all their might...

Then, there was a bright flash of light.

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt how the pressure lifted and found that he was in a brand new environment with Bai Yuanxing.

There was light all around them and they found themselves in a great hall.

Several familiar voices could also be heard.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1255:


Chapter 1269 - Battling the Sky Emperor Once Again

Yu Xiaoxing and the others were completely stunned when ripples appeared over the core formation of the Light Palace. It suddenly flickered and two figures emerged from it. One of them was none other than Ye Qingyu who they were constantly thinking about. At that moment, everyone except for the Empress Shui Xiu who was maintaining the formation stared at the newcomers with their mouths agape before they were filled with joy.

Then, there was a series of strange shouts before Old Fish emerged as well.

"Where am I?" Old Fish immediately went on his guard and readied to attack at any moment.

After Old Fish took on a human form, he was much slimmer and looked more solemn than before and thus, Yu Xiaoxing and the others did not recognize him immediately. Old Fish recognized Yu Xiaoxing and the others; after a moment of stunned silence, he quickly realized what had happened and said, "Have we arrived at the Heaven Wasteland Domain? Ah, I get it now. The place that is bursting with life is the Heaven Wasteland Domain. That makes sense. I knew that the Heaven Wasteland Domain was different from all the other domains across the Vast Thousand Domains from the very beginning. It's a domain that had emerged later on but is blessed with vast lands, abundant produce, and such strong vitality that it's ranked first amongst the three thousand domains of the Vast Thousand Domains... hahaha, I get it now... hahaha..."

Old Fish laughed maniacally as though he had just narrowly escaped death.

Yu Xiaoxing and the others finally recognized this maniacal laughter and Ximen Yeshui said doubtfully, "May I know who you are? I've got a friend whose voice is similar... uh, to yours..." the black-faced scholar didn't know how else to describe it.

"Are you trying to say my voice is crass?" Old Fish said with a strange smile.

The black-faced scholar suddenly acted like he had found a bosom friend and said, "Yes yes yes, how did you know?"

Ye Qingyu finally understood that the place that was bursting with life was none other than the Heaven Wasteland Domain. A small-scale model of the Heaven Wasteland Domain could be found at the Light Palace and this was also the heart of the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain. This would explain many previously unexplainable mysteries, such as why the suspicious palace of the [Formation Emperor] had appeared at the Heaven Wasteland Domain, and many unnatural scenes that shouldn't have appeared in a new domain.

"This is because he is none other than Old Fish," Ye Qingyu's spirits were lifted and immediately revealed Old Fish's identity.

Everyone was rendered completely speechless.

Ye Qingyu's gaze swept across the people in the great hall and only paused when he saw Lan Tian, the mysterious tall and skinny expert, and the Empress Shui Xiu. Then, he asked, "What's going on? Hmm? Why does the Light Palace seem to be in a strange state...?"

"Brother Qingyu, what... what are you doing here?" Yu Xiaoxing grew emotional, not only because she had seen her savior in her moment of despair, but because the man that she had yearned for every day and night had suddenly appeared in front of her. The suffering she had endured over endless days and nights turned into a delightful surprise that couldn't be expressed in words, as she impulsively threw herself into his arms.

Her delicate fragrance filled his nose and he gently stroked her dark hair and said, "It has been hard on you... What has happened recently?"

Wen Wan could no longer hold his tongue back and together with Ximen Yeshui, they filled him in on the recent events in the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

"What? The Sky Emperor is here, in the Heaven Wasteland Domain?" Ye Qingyu exclaimed in shock.

The Sky Emperor's forces had all withdrawn and gone into hiding in the Dark Realm, so he hadn't expected they would mobilize to the Heaven Wasteland Domain under the guise of withdrawing from the Dark Realm. However, wasn't there a killing formation? One that drew on the power of the universal laws, which had been installed by the formidable founder of the Dark Realm and laid between the Dark Realm and the Vast Thousand Domains? It would be easy for those from the Vast Thousand Domains to pass through, but this formation could kill experts from the Dark Realm who tried to leave. Thus, how did the Sky Emperor and his fellow sovereigns manage to pass through it safely?

Ye Qingyu was filled with self-reproach and anger when he heard about the fall of Deer City, the destruction of White Deer Academy, and the countless lives that had been lost because of the horde of beasts.

Empress Shui Xiu who had been maintaining the formation at the Light Palace suddenly swayed unsteadily, her face leeched of all color. The core formation of the Light Palace started to tremble.

"Little Silver, come out," Ye Qingyu said and summoned the little silver dragon that was stationed at the Light Palace.

The little silver dragon was now a core spirit animal of the Light Palace's formation. It was thanks to the little silver dragon that Empress Shui Xiu managed to draw on the Emperor qi of this era to activate the Light Palace's defensive formation and block the Sky Emperor's tough attacks. It would have taken Empress Shui Xiu some time to figure out the mysteries behind the formation without Little Silver's help, which would have made defending against the Sky Emperor's attacks impossible.

"Master," Little Silver appeared and its appearance had changed. It was no longer as small as a chopstick but was now as big as a large serpent. Its body flickered with silver light, while it had the appearance of an ancient true dragon. It was full of dragon power and was exceedingly beautiful. It shook its tail and said, "Master, we finally meet again... I want to drink some wine."

Thanks to Little Nine, the little silver dragon had become addicted to wine and would drink on a daily basis. Ye Qingyu was surprised to find that it still hadn't been able to get rid of the habit.

Ever since the little silver dragon had become a spirit animal of the Light Palace, he had hardly spent time with it, unlike Little Nine who was always by his side. They were both his spirit pets that he treated like family, but he hardly showed enough concern for the well-behaved Little Silver. He felt a little guilty and thus took out a huge vat of Immortal wine from the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and gave it to Little Silver.

His figure flashed and he teleported Empress Shui Xiu out of the core formation of the Light Palace. Then, he used his hand to draw several mysterious formations from the one hundred and eight ancient characters that took over Empress Shui Xiu's place. Instantly, the formation of the Light Palace stabilized and even became more powerful than before.

His current cultivation and strength far surpassed Empress Shui Xiu's, and his familiarity with the formations within the Light Palace far exceeded her knowledge. Thus, he could use several formations made of ancient characters to replace her and the formations even worked more effectively than before.

"Benefactor..." Empress Shui Xiu was extremely surprised when she saw Ye Qingyu after she opened her eyes and quickly bowed in greeting.

"There's no need to stand on ceremony, my Dao friend," Ye Qingyu said with a smile.

Shui Xiu was no longer the weak girl who had been trapped in a prison cart and tortured so badly that she wasn't even allowed to drink a sip of water. She was now a true Empress who stood at the peak of the martial way. As Ge Ming from the Seven Fingers Race had once said, Shui Xiu would become an Empress one day and would definitely repay the kindness that Ye Qingyu had shown the Seven Fingers Race. He had not taken Ge Ming's words seriously back then because although Shui Xiu had shown extraordinary aptitude, the road to becoming an Emperor was extremely tough and it had sounded like a frivolous dream. However, he had been proven wrong. This descendant of the Seven Fingers Race had indeed risen to become an Empress, and Ye Qingyu guessed that the wisp of luck that could give someone the chance to become Emperor from the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor had probably landed on Shui Xiu; this helped her become an Empress in the Vast Thousand Domains against all odds.

Since she was also an Empress, he could address her as a 'Dao friend'.

"I'm sorry for not being able to protect the Heaven Wasteland Empire and failing to repay your kindness," Empress Shui Xiu said remorsefully with a bow. She meant every word.

Ye Qingyu shook his head and said, "I know how terrifying the Sky Emperor can be and I've experienced his power myself at the Dark Realm, almost dying because of him. I, and the Heaven Wasteland Domain owe you a huge favor for managing to keep him at bay till today."

Empress Shui Xiu said, "I had assumed that I'd be able to look down at all the creatures in the universe after becoming an Empress, but after I've seen you and the Sky Emperor, I realized that I still have a lot of room for improvement. I'll continue to work hard and improve my cultivation. At the same time, I want to fight by your side and witness for myself how much more powerful Martial Emperors can be. Please don't reject my offer of assistance."

Ye Qingyu said with a smile, "As you wish. I wouldn't dare to reject your offer."

Empress Shui Xiu had become an Empress while cultivating at the Vast Thousand Domains and would definitely improve further in the future. She would become an important ally in his future plans, and her presence was like a godsend, so why would he reject her offer?

Ye Qingyu’s gaze fell on Lan Tian and recalled Wen Wan's and Ximen Yeshui's words.

They had already informed him earlier that Lan Tian was the physical body of the Sky Emperor, but he still had several doubts that he wanted to clarify. However, it wasn't the right time to be asking these questions, so he stopped himself from asking. It was more important for him to settle the pressing issue of the Sky Emperor who was right outside the door.

Ye Qingyu's strength had soared thanks to the nourishment from the World Tree and he was confident that he would not be defeated this time.

It would be a good time to go all out in battle.

He slowly made his way to the main gate of the divine temple.

"Wait here. Don't go out," he said.

If everyone followed him out, they would only distract him and he could not afford a formidable opponent like the Sky Emperor to find any flaws or seize any chance to counterattack. After several battles with the Sky Emperor, Ye Qingyu already knew that the Sky Emperor would definitely go all out to attack and would not mind resorting to unscrupulous measures for the sake of his final goal.

An image of the situation outside appeared in Ye Qingyu's head when he reached the large silver doors.

He reached out and pushed.

Boom!

A mysterious force suddenly burst forth and sent the sovereigns who had joined forces to attack the Light Palace flying and they landed in a heap all over the ground.

At the same time, the door opened.

Countless rays of light spilled out all around Ye Qingyu from the divine temple.

He walked toward the group one step at a time, enveloped by this light energy.

The Sky Emperor's soul that had been so confident of his plan earlier looked extremely shocked and asked as though he had just seen a ghost. "It's you... how is that possible?"

"We meet again," Ye Qingyu said as he slowly climbed down the stone steps. He looked haughtily down at the Sky Emperor and his aura skyrocketed as he said, "I wonder who'd emerge victorious this time after we battle?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1256:


Chapter 1270 - Battling the Sky Emperor (1)

Words and facial expressions alone couldn't express how shocked the Sky Emperor was.

He had always been secretly investigating Lan Tian, and due to some ancient reasons, he had always suspected Deer City. He had only increased the intensity of his search because time was running short and it produced some unexpected results. He confirmed his suspicions that Lan Tian was in the Heaven Wasteland Domain and this was why the Sky Emperor formulated a secret plan. He didn't mind paying a high price by giving up on everything he had built at the Dark Realm, to personally lead his men to the Heaven Wasteland Domain, and immediately closing off the domain, turning it into a sealed domain.

He was certain that Ye Qingyu would never receive news of this.

He assumed that Ye Qingyu would be at the Guardians' Royal City or the one hundred and fifty million kilometer Great Wall excitedly formulating plans to conquer the entire Dark Realm. Even if he wasn't doing that, there were a million other things he could be doing, so it was very unlikely for him to just walk out of the Light Palace at this point in time.

If he had been in the Light Palace all along, why had he taken so long to appear?

However, the Sky Emperor was a very experienced and ambitious man, so he quickly calmed down despite the huge disruption to his plan.

"It doesn't matter even if you're here. You're going to be defeated anyway," the Sky Emperor said, his body shining with dark blue light. "Do you really think that you'd be able to turn the situation around? And that you'd be able to forcefully turn the tables on me? My doppelganger soul form had almost destroyed you the previous time and now that my true body is here, I'll be able to destroy you effortlessly. In fact, I only stand to benefit even more now that you're here."

"You're just a dirty old soul and even your physical body is so disgusted that it abandoned you. You're probably the first person in history that has this honor," Ye Qingyu said with a scornful laugh.

The two supreme Emperors faced off against each other and tried to sound each other out with a simple exchange of words.

"I did it in order to undergo a complete transformation and embark on a different path, so of course I'd have to get rid of my old clothes," the Sky Emperor said. He didn't sound angry and made it seem like Lan Tian was nothing but a set of clothes to him. "Kid, you don't know anything about the [Body Slashing] technique from the [Divine Dao of Heavenly Secrets]. I had merely gotten rid of my physical body and was tricked by someone when I was just starting to master this divine technique, so I couldn't fully master it. Did you like all the other ignorant worldly men, really think that I've been searching for Lan Tian all these years to regain my physical body and attain the so-called 'Grand Perfection Stage'?"

"Do you mean to say that it is not true?" Ye Qingyu said with an enigmatic smile.

He silently exerted the Emperor qi within his body and countless rays of silver light swirled around him. He didn't dare to let down his guard in front of the Sky Emperor.

"Ignorant fools will naturally harbor ignorant thoughts!" the Sky Emperor said with a haughty laugh. "After I shed myself of my physical body, I had to find it and destroy it myself in order to throw off the shackles of the past. The Grand Perfection I'm actually seeking is to—personally—destroy—him!"

He paused for a moment and smiled when he saw the surprise on Ye Qingyu's face. "That's all I'm trying to do," he said icily.

Ye Qingyu was indeed shocked by what he had just heard.

However, his shock quickly faded.

He quickly calmed down the next instant.

"I don't care whether you're trying to regain control of your body or whether you're trying to destroy it. The only thing I care about is Lan Tian and I forbid you from harming a single hair on his body. I'm not trying to foil your plan, neither am I afraid of you, nor am I trying to snatch your body away from you. The only reason why I'm doing this is because he—is—my friend!"

He emphasized the last few words clearly.

The Sky Emperor froze in stunned surprise then burst out laughing, "How childish of you... I can't believe a gullible person like yourself has managed to come so far. I guess even the heavens must have taken pity on you when they saw how naive you were. To make matters even more absurd, you've chosen to stand against me. You're wasting the favor that Heaven has showered upon you."

"You're ultimately a mere mortal who managed to catch a glimpse of the secrets of Heaven. Yet, you act like you've already seen everything in this world. Your actions are even more absurd than mine," Ye Qingyu retorted.

"Kill him," the Sky Emperor said with a wave.

The sovereigns of the Dark Realm who had come back to their senses immediately attacked.

When more than ten Martial Emperors of generations past joined forces and attacked, they produced a terrifying power.

A chaotic turbulent current hurtled toward Ye Qingyu, as though it could destroy him instantly.

However, Ye Qingyu was no longer the person he was at the battle in space.

"Fine. I'll get rid of your cronies, then I'll come after you!" Ye Qingyu said as he reached his hand back into the void and drew his [Blood Drinker Sword].

He held the sword against his chest. The sword blade vibrated and four rays of sword light charged out from it, instantly carving the chaotic, destructive, and turbulent force that rushed toward him like a hot knife slicing through butter. Then, four rays of blood light splattered across the void as four Martial Emperors of the Dark Realm were killed even before they could utter a sound.

The destructive force formed by the forces of more than ten Martial Emperors of generations past vanished like a spring rain when it was more than ten meters away from him. It couldn't even get within ten meters of him.

The Sky Emperor's pupils constricted at this sight.

Ye Qingyu had become far more powerful than when they had exchanged blows in space.

"Ascend to your Martial Emperor cultivation now," he said and his voice sounded like the verdict delivered by a god of death.

The Martial Emperors of the past from the Dark Realm paled, as though they had been struck by lightning.

"Your Highness..."

"Uh..."

Some were hesitant because ascending to their Martial Emperor cultivation was the final resort. Once these Martial Emperors of the past battled with their true Martial Emperor prowess, even if they managed to defeat their opponent quickly, it would affect their lifespan. The elderly sovereign of the Sun clan from the Guardians' Royal City was a good example of the damage ascending to the Martial Emperor realm could cause. Thus, when the Sky Emperor ordered them to ascend to their Martial Emperor cultivation, it was a sign that he was abandoning them, and equivalent to a death order. This order was grievous news to them.

"Don't worry, I promise that you won't die," the Sky Emperor said grimly.

Since these Martial Emperors were so used to obeying the Sky Emperor's authoritative orders, and because they sensed the murderous spirit from the Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu who was drawing closer to them, there were several sovereigns of the past from the Dark Realm who ultimately chose to ascend to their Martial Emperor realm and released a blinding splendor. Terrifying formation bursts of light and boundless power of laws surged like an ocean from their bodies as their frail and elderly bodies were suddenly bursting with blood qi as they returned to their peak condition.

"Kill!"

"Let's end this as soon as possible!"

These sovereigns who had once governed the Dark Realm yelled urgently.

They were at their strongest after they ascended to their true Martial Emperor realm, and they were also full of confidence. They had once killed all their enemies at their peak and stood at the top of the world. Thus, they were confident that they could destroy this frightening enemy now that they had returned to their peak condition.

However, they were greeted with destruction and despair.

Ye Qingyu waved his [Blood Drinker Sword] and a seemingly ordinary sword will slashed across the void, but this sword will caused his opponents to retreat while throwing up blood, leaving a trail of destruction as it passed.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

In an instant, three Martial Emperors who had ascended to their true Martial Emperor cultivation were immediately killed and transformed into a bloody mist that spread across the sky. That bloody mist was then drawn toward the sword light from the [Blood Drinker Sword]; all the essence and qi from the bloody mist tunneled into the [Blood Drinker Sword]. After the [Blood Drinker Sword] had its fill of blood, it hummed so loudly that the space vibrated along with its hums.

"Impossible!"

"How could this be...?"

The confidence that the Martial Emperors of the Dark Realm had felt earlier was instantly destroyed.

They could not believe their eyes.

They couldn't accept the fact that they could be killed so easily even after they had returned to their peak condition. They were all Martial Emperors, so why was there such a vast difference in their strengths? It was as though they were battling someone of a completely different level and they were like weaklings crushed beneath someone who was at least several cultivation realms above them.

They had only experienced this when they had faced the Sky Emperor.

Did this mean that the Immortal God Emperor was now as strong as the Sky Emperor?

Impossible; he had only been an Emperor for such a short period of time, so how could he have improved so quickly?

"Nothing is impossible," Ye Qingyu said calmly.

His figure advanced rapidly like moving clouds or flowing water, as he continued to slash out with his sword.

Multiple rays of sword light hurtled across the void, their tracks visible, but no one could defend against them. This was the [Life Sword Mantra’s] highest form of its third stage, from the [War God Sword Mantras].

His enemies were destroyed when he sent out his sword light.

In the span of several dozen breaths, as his sword light flashed, he killed another three Martial Emperors from the Dark Realm who had ascended to their Martial Emperor cultivation. He was basically harvesting lives and this seemingly ordinary sword light could destroy all defenses, divine, and mysterious techniques. This was not a battle. Instead, it seemed like a bloody massacre.

No matter how afraid the Martial Emperors were of the Sky Emperor, they didn't dare to battle on any longer.

Swish!

Someone seemed to be on the verge of a breakdown and transformed into a ray of flowing light with a loud growl and fled into the distance.

When the other Martial Emperors of the Dark Realm saw that someone had fled, they stopped hesitating, and immediately fled like defeated dogs.

These Martial Emperors fled like an utterly defeated army.

Ye Qingyu wanted to give chase with his sword and kill all those malicious creatures to prevent them from stirring trouble in the future, but he ultimately chose not to do so since the powerful Sky Emperor was still in the area. He didn't want to risk the Sky Emperor harming those in the Light Palace while he was away.

"You've spent so much effort trying to control these lackeys of yours, but I guess they aren't as loyal as you had hoped. They're not even as loyal as some ordinary men," Ye Qingyu said with a derisive look at the Sky Emperor, and held his sword in front of his chest.

"They are all merely pawns to me, and I'd be satisfied if I could use them for a period of time. Did you really think I had hoped to use them for a lifetime?" the Sky Emperor said, as though he was completely unruffled by this incident, but those who understood him would know that these Martial Emperors from the Dark Realm who fled today would eventually die horrible deaths. The Sky Emperor would use the cruelest possible methods to end their lives.

"I'm afraid you won't have the chance to make use of them any longer since you will die at my hands today. Now that I think about it, your pawns might even end up living longer than you," Ye Qingyu said. His aura was extremely concentrated as he slashed out with his sword and readied to battle the Sky Emperor once more.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

