Chapter 365:


Chapter 366 - Worthy of Challenging the War God?

For the first time, Ye Qingyu felt threatened.

Ang!

The roar of dragons resounded.

Ye Qingyu punched out, a silver ice dragon circling around his arm, the strength of the [Dragon Fist] mantra was displayed to the fullest extent. The fist image was above the sparkling and translucent jade-like palm image.

Bang!

A deep and low explosive sound.

A terrifying air current began to be born from the place the palm and fist met. With Ye Qingyu and that figure at the very center, the doors of the restaurant turned into wooden scraps and flew everywhere. The guards near the entrance were also sent screaming and flying.

Ye Qingyu’s right sleeve was disintegrated into pieces, drifting away through the air like ashes, becoming smithereens.

And the person opposite, his body was propelled dozens of meters into the distance, before coming to a stop.

The young experts that closely followed behind Ye Qingyu, although were unwounded by this terrifying wave nor retreated by the force, but the expressions on their faces had all changed, sensing the formidable attack just now.

The originally chaotic and violent atmosphere suddenly had a moment of quiet.

“Oh, your strength is not bad, no wonder you dare go against the Du Palace, but today, not one of you can leave.” The moonlight and the rays of light of the surrounding formation spirit lamps, were merged together, forming a strange colour, and was projected onto the figure on the public square outside. A red-purple long robe fluttered in the wind, as the figure was walking over slowly with hands clasped behind his back.

This was the first weighty expert of the Du Household tonight.

“It’s Guan Gongfeng.”

[TN Note: Gongfeng is a term of respect for a respected master]

“Guan Gongfeng is here, great.”

The master guards that were in a hopeless position, as though they had found their backbone, finally summoned up the courage and gathered together.

At the same time, standing in front of the banister of the fifth floor, young master Du had completely calmed his mind, and like a mad dog he roared, “Guan Gongfeng, kill him, peel his skin off, capture him, I want to hollow this bastard out...”

Under the moonlight.

Guan Gongfeng seemed to be going on a walk in the moonlight, floating about in the breeze like an immortal.

“Troops retreat, to deal with such masters, the army is useless.” He smiled lightly, waving his hand, signaling the soldiers of the imperial capital patrol camp that have surrounded to retreat one after another.

Ye Qingyu could feel that Qiu Fenghan who was on his back was moving, it seems that she had already woken up.

“[War God], what do we do?” a young expert whispered.

Before Ye Qingyu said a word, a shadow next to him suddenly darted out.

It was the black-robed youngster [Shadow].

“Do you really think you’re invincible? Come on, I’ll kill you.” The black-robed youngster’s tone was indignant and filled with killing intent. Under the moonligh, like a cloud of blue vapour, his figure was extremely fast, as though he was about to merge with the moonlight.

It was clear that the prideful [Shadow] could not stand Guan Gongfeng’s arrogance, stirring his murderous intentions.

Ye Qingyu’s heart was amused.

Opposite.

“You have a death wish, dare to tell me to fight with you, you...” Guan Gongfeng’s lips curved into a contemptuous and calm smile, but before his voice died away, a jet of blood suddenly spurt out from his cheek, and then a cut visible to the naked eye appeared.

“How could it be?”

Guan Gongfeng’s face took on a sudden change in appearance, a jade-coloured light around him was surging, activating yuan energy. He no longer dared to delay anymore.

By just meeting face-to-face, he immediately understood that he had met with a real top-level expert.

Suddenly——

A dark light appeared suddenly.

Like a poisonous snake spitting venom.

This was the light produced by a black soft sword.

Soundless and motionless.

“So fast!”

Guan Gongfeng was shocked, trying to avoid at the first instant.

But the dark light instantly turned into the stars that filled up the sky, like sparks were flying in all directions, numerous and unending, as though an inescapable net was smashing down. As Guan Gongfeng strangely yelled, a jade sword appeared in his hands, launching various sword attacks and constantly sealing that dark sword light, but for some reason there was not the slightest sound of sword striking against another in the air.

Guan Gongfeng was in a cold sweat.

The opponent’s sword, was too fast.

And the sword was lifeless, like a dim light that he was unable to capture.

In the blink of the eye, shadows of people crisscrossed, and the dark light disappeared.

Guan Gongfeng stood upright, clasping his sword tight, motionless.

Five meters behind him, the black-robed youngster [Shadow’s] long hair was flying upward, his chest violently moving up and down, his forehead dripping with sweat, his breathing slightly unstable, but his body was as straight and sharp as a sword, standing in the same place as before.

The scene was motionless.

When all the people felt the difference, suddenly——

Chi Chi Chi!

A sound, like a sack of water leaking came from Guan Gongfeng’s body. Looking at his long body, neck, chest, back, waist, stomach, thigh, and arms, suddenly blood arrows were unleashed, spraying out like fog. Majestic yuan qi was madly released from his body. 一

“Ho-ho ho ho... You... Who are... You... What kind of sword skill is this?”

Guan Gongfeng’s face was lifeless and twisted with shocked, twisting his stiff body around and looking at the back view of the young black-robed youngster, he finally asked such a question, but before he received an answer, his long body was collapsed with a loud rumble, as he took his last breath.

There was a complete stunned silence.

Dead silence.

“With that kind of strength, you still want to challenge the [War God]? He really does not know his own strength,” [Shadow] turned around, saying indifferently.

He did not feel the slightest thrill of defeating a strong expert of the bitter sea stage.

In the black-robed youngster’s mind, winning against a master like Guan Gongfeng who had been raised by influential officials for countless years and had worn away his spirit, was not a feat he should be proud of. Before he made a breakthrough in his [Shadow Secret Technique] and before he came to the Imperial Capital, he had already been on the battlefield, single-handedly killing the experts of the Barbarian Race.

It was just that back then, his speed was not this fast.

This time, he was fully committed and went all out to kill Guan Gongfeng in order to let Ye Qingyu see.

In his heart, only Ye Qingyu who has the name [War God], was a real expert that made him feel pressured.

A trash like Guan Gongfeng, to even dare to dream of defeating [War God], he really overestimated his own capabilities.

“Let’s go.”

Ye Qingyu, along with the youngsters, directly darted to the small square outside the restaurant.

But the controller soldiers of the formation airship were all gone. The roads in the Imperial Capital were complicated and many, viaducts were like overhead walkways. Without a soldier that knows the way to guide them, in such a short time, there was no way that they could find the direction of the military building in this bustling Imperial Capital that was like a galaxy of the human world.

In the distance.

A strong overbearing aura was rapidly approaching.

The top-ranked experts of the Du palace were continuously coming.

The other experts of the military must have been alarmed.

And outside of the small square, an endless number of purple-armoured soldiers was rushing forth like the tide, surrounding the young experts from all sides. There were formation airships piercing the night sky, flying over at a low altitude. The night sky was flashing with beams of formation, and strange formation arrays were closing in on them.

“Leaving? You’re not going anywhere.”

In the void, a voice suddenly sounded.

Brilliance flashes.

Dozens of strong voices sounded, as though they were tearing apart the void.

Instantly, the starlight that filled the sky and the beams of rune formation in the surrounding buildings all vanished. The night sky was pitch black, as though a huge black cloth suddenly covered the sky. The voices and auras all instantly disappeared, and between the sky and the earth, only the restaurant, public square, soldiers, and the experts that surrounded remained.

Ye Qingyu was slightly apprehensive.

The opponent’s formation was finally thoroughly completed, isolating the sunlight and shade of the outside.

Flowing light was flickering.

Young master Du, under the escort of two other strong experts that were not weaker than Guan Gongfeng, also arrived at the void.

Dozens of formation airships were floating in the void.

There was a purplish red colour appearing from the first airship, which was larger than the other airships, and at the bow of the ship stood a person, approximately twenty years old, with a feather fan and a silk cloth, and dressed in a purple jade robe. His black hair was like waterfall, his eyes were flickering with a strange violet light, and as he looked down from above, there was a noble majestic aura.

“Brother, brother you came. Help me kill this group of pigs.”

Young master Du sprinted over to the purple-eyed young master, his eyes filled with resentment and anger, and shouting loudly.

[Purple Eye] Du Heng, Du Palace’s eldest son, commander of the City’s north patrol camp, is a young talent that is known throughout the Imperial Capital. Whether it is strategic ability, wisdom, talent, strength, appearance, or knowledge, he is a first-class talent. At such a young age he could wield the military power of a district patrol camp, his status in Snow Capital was evident.

[Purple Eye] Du Heng was ranked 99th on the [Heavenly Officer List].

In Snow Capital, this was an important person that should not be provoked.

The experts that were standing around [Purple Eye] Du Heng were all his subordinates, with the weakest person being in the first level of the Bitter Sea stage. In the city’s north district patrol camp, they were known as [The Top Ten Gods of Slaughter].

“I asked you to do something so small, but you can’t even do it well.” [Purple Eye] Du Heng cast a glance at his younger brother, then with the wave of his hand signaled the people to escort him away

“No, big brother, I will watch you kill them all, I am really angry this time, really, that pig dared to try to kill me.” Young master Du pointed to Ye Qingyu below, a ruthless look on his face, “Big brother, help me catch him, I want to empty his pig head. As long as you promise me, big brother, I will listen to you.”

He hated Ye Qingyu to the bone.

[Purple Eye] smiled, “If you want to stay, then stay. Where’s the woman?”

“On him.” Young master Du pointed at Ye Qingyu.

[Purple Eye] Du Heng nodded, his eyes falling on Ye Qingyu, surveying him carefully, when he suddenly looked surprised, as though he realized something. And then he looked at the several youngsters behind Ye Qingyu, and realized that not one of these youngsters was weak. In his mind, dozens of messages flashed across, remembering a rumour in the Imperial Capital one month ago.

If he had not guessed wrong, this was the rumoured group of people.

That’s interesting.

He had originally thought to take care of this group of people slowly in the future. To think he would meet with them tonight, this was a chance. If that woman fell into their hands, this was not a good matter. Their original plan had to be changed slightly. No matter what, they must take the woman into their hands, otherwise the business in the [Whip of the Thunder Deity] had to be frozen. But right now, meeting with this group…

Countless thoughts were flashing across [Purple Eye’s] mind.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 366:


Chapter 367 - The Brothers First Battle

“Leave Zhao Yun’s body and the woman, and I’ll let you go.”

After a slight hesitation, [Purple Eye] Du Heng looked at Ye Qingyu and the others, and finally said these words. Compared to the aggressive attitude before, it was obviously that he made a great compromise.

When he said these words, the expressions on the faces of the two subordinates of the Du Palace changed. [The Ten Gods of Slaughter] of the city’s north district patrol camp were also apprehensive.

They were all familiar with Du Heng’s temper and nature.

Tonight’s events had gotten into such a mess. If they just lost 10 guards or experts, the loss is not too big, but the loss of Guan Gongfeng, a Bitter Sea expert, was a large loss even for the Du household. Even in Snow Capital, if they wanted to fully control an expert of the Bitter Sea stage for their own use, they also had to pay a price.

That year, the Du Palace also paid a certain price in order to have the [Jade Sword Snow Palm] Guan Gongfeng.They had to initiate a lot of assessments to determine the reliability of this person.

With such a precondition, [Purple Eye] Du Heng still allowed the group of youngsters to leave, then could it be that these youngster’s background is very impressive?

It seems that tonight’s matters would not be that simple.

A person with a flexible mind would immediately be aware of this.

But young master Du, who had lost his mind due to his anger and resentment, could not think too much——and in fact, even when he was sober, he also did things crazily and recklessly.

“What? Big Brother, you’re letting them go?” Young master Du was like a wild dog whose tail was being trampled on, bellowing at the top of his voice, “No, no, you have to help me kill them, kill this group of pigs...”

[Purple Eye] cast a glance at his younger brother, a calm expression as he said, “Do you know who they are? Want them dead?”

“I don’t care, I don’t care...” As if had gone crazy, young master Du was jumping up and down, howling, “I just want them to die...”

The serious look within [Purple Eye] Du Heng’s eyes flickered away, eventually turning into a helpless look, he sighed, waving his hand and said to the two subordinates of the Du palace, “Take young master away to rest.”

The two subordinates responded, supporting the crazy young master over to the cabin of the purple airship.

“How about it? Want to exchange?” [Purple Eye] Du Heng looked down at the young experts below, asking in an indifferent tone.

Ye Qingyu turned around and looked at the others behind him.

The young experts were not fools At this moment, they vaguely understood that the matter that they were drawn into tonight was not little. If they were in their territories, they would not have to give face to anyone, but this was the imperial capital, Snow Capital. What they do and say must be carefully thought about.

[Avalanche] turned around, cupping one hand in the other to express his respect to the other young experts. “Brothers, thank you for your help, but this matter started because of me, the matters are also the matters of my North East army, you have helped me to here, I am already very grateful. What happens next, I will bear it myself, you don’t have to wade into this mess.”

While speaking, he looked over at Ye Qingyu and continued, “Brother Ye, your kindness, I will remember. If I do not die today, I will certainly repay your kindness in the future, but the situation is pressing, hand over Head Qiu to me…” He extended his hand to receive Qiu Fenghan lying on Ye Qingyu’s back.

As they spoke, he made his resolve to die.

The situation tonight was extremely dangerous and soul stirring.

[Avalanche] was very clear that even if his strength rose tremendously, facing [The Ten Gods of Slaughter] of the city’s north district patrol camp and the two Bitter Sea experts of the Du Palace, as well as the unfathomable strength of [Purple Eye], there was no chance that he would win.

But even if he died, he absolutely could not leave Qiu Fenghan behind.

This was not only because he was once an admirer of the [Flower of the Thunder Army], but because he is a soldier of [The Whip of the Thunder Deity] army.

Soldiers, no matter when, would never give up on their fellow soldiers.

But Ye Qingyu smiled, taking a sideways step away from [Avalanche’s] hand, and said in an indifferent tone, “You said we’re brothers, but your way of handling this, do you not treat me as a brother?”

“But...” [Avalanche] was stumped for a moment. He understood the meaning of Ye Qingyu’s words, but he felt both touched and ashamed, He could not bear to let Ye Qingyu fall into such a mess, and was about to say something when...

“Hey, what bullshit arrogant look is that, I despise people that think they are the best in the world.” The black-robed youngster [Shadow] who had been silent all along said with a cold laugh, raising his head and ridiculing [Purple Eye] Du Feng on the purple airship in the sky. He flicked his wrist, and the black soft sword shook like a spiritual snake. “If you want me to hand over people to you, then ask the old partner in my hand first! ”

[Avalanche] turned to [Shadow], his eyes wide with shock.

All along, his friendship with [Shadow] was not deep, mainly because the [Shadow] guy always had a scowling look on his face. Amongst the 18 young experts, very few people had exchanged more than three words with him.

But unexpectedly, besides [War God], the first person to stand up for him was this cold guy. [Avalanche] was really shocked.

And the second one to stand up was the light yellow long hair youngster [Flowing Light].

There was a lazy smile on his handsome and delicate face, and without saying a single word he gently stood behind Ye Qingyu and [Avalanche], clearly revealing his stance.

The atmosphere momentarily tensed up.

In the sky.

Within [Purple Eye] Du Heng’s eyes was a faint smiling expression, and this smile revealed a touch of self-confidence, as well as ridiculing of the choice of the youngsters.

From the beginning, Du Heng knew that amongst the following group of youngsters, some people would not agree to the surrender of Qiu Fenghan and the corpse.

Because Du Heng was too familiar with these army barbarians of the frontier fortress, and sometimes, these self-proclaimed soldiers werereally stupid, foolish and pitiful. Even if they knew that it was a trap, even if they knew that it was a fire pit, even if they knew that they would die, they would still foolishly go straight ahead.

Such people were the most easy to be used.

That person was too naive. He gathered a group of silly barbarians that had not seen the wind and waves of the imperial capital. With a little training, they now want to change the Heavens itself?

What he said just now was not really to let these young army barbarians go, but rather to bury a mine in the hearts of these young people. With some leaving and some staying, it would inevitably cause cracks to appear in the hearts of these young men.

In this way, the carefully selected and trained 18 people, even if they were to walk away alive tonight, it would cause infighting amongst them in the future. Their fighting strength will then perhaps decrease at some critical moments, it will lead to a greater failure, and cause a deadly blow to each other.

[Purple Eye] Du Heng’s terrifying reputation was not only from killing and fighting. If one wants to stand firm in the imperial capital, one must also have a brain.

Everything in front of him was within his calculations.

Below.

“I also want to try the waters of the imperial capital, to see how deep it is.” The always silent [Storm] also stepped forward, calmly coming over to stand behind Ye Qingyu.

The [Ordinary Person] with a large head also stood out without saying a single word.

There was something called hot-bloodedness that began to burn within the youthful bodies of the young men.

More and more people chose to stand behind Ye Qingyu.

Five or six ...

Ten or eleven...

When the young faces took on an indomitable and unafraid expression and hot bloodedness was burning within their body, they had, one after another, expressed their support for Ye Qingyu and [Avalanche] with silent action. The atmosphere was also somewhat different.

The expression on [Purple Eye] Du Heng’s face, slightly began to change.

When the last young expert, with an indifferent smile, slowly walked forward and stood firmly behind Ye Qingyu and the others, as the 18 youngsters had universally made the same choice, [Purple Eye] Du Heng’s expression had completely changed.

He did not imagine such a result.

He was supposed to divide these men...

He never thought that it would make them more united instead.

No need to imagine, and it would be obvious that, after this matter, the trust and cohesion among the 18 youngster experts would grow once again.

“Oh, this really is a group of interesting army barbarians. I knew that they were silly, but did not think that they were incredibly stupid to this degree... What a bunch of... It seems that younger brother is not wrong. These guys really are a group of... pigs!”

[Purple Eye] Du Heng’s eyes were flashing with killing intent.

[The Ten Gods of Slaughter] of the city’s north district patrol camp, sensing their Master’s change in aura, immediately activated yuan energy and closed in on the young experts below.

A battle between the real top experts was about to begin.

The ordinary soldiers and masters around them immediately retreated away slowly.

A battle between the true top experts is like a mincemeat field. If they were swept up into the battle, they would be torn apart by the aftermath of the frightening battle.

“Surrender or die!”

Aggressive and overbearing murderous spirit was emitting from the mouth of [The Ten Gods of Slaughter], every time when the 10 people attacked together and said these words, it means that a bloody massacre will slowly be carried out.

The killing intent within Ye Qingyu was also gradually boiling up and could not be stopped.

These so-called nobles have really been pampered for too long, like the so-called disciples and descendants of the Three Schools and Three Sects that have been absorbed in their own military force. Even if they were knocked awake, they would not understand that in this world, there are a group of people who persist in defending the pride and and glory of being a martial expert.

Such people will never be overpowered by worldly power and status.

They have stronger bones than a spear or a sword, harder than a rock or the vein of an ore, and... a backbone.

Brilliance flashed.

The huge [Beheading Wind] sword was raised in his right hand.

“Haha, good, a battle? There is nothing we need to be afraid of. Today is the first battle of our group of 18 brothers... Those that stand in our way, die! ”

Ye Qingyu sword attacks were like a rainbow, shooting out lightning.

A battle, instantly broke out——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 367:


Chapter 368 - A Broken Sword

“Kill!”

The young men roared.

Accompanying the roar was an explosion of indescribable powerful force. The strength that the young experts have been suppressing was suddenly released like a fierce tiger or legendary dragon concealing their claws. The frightening imposing aura was like the roar of a mountain and the scream of the sea. It diffused towards the surroundings, causing a chaos in airflow and a distortion of light.

The guards of the Du household were immediately shrinking back in fear. It was only then that they found out what kind of people they had just besieged. This stupid behaviour was just as ridiculous as a group of dogs arrogantly trying to attack dozens of dragons.

A mountain-like momentum shot skywards.

In the midst of the 18 youngsters, several streams of light shot forward. Dauntless like knives, they hurtled towards the [Ten Gods of Slaughter].

Once a decision was made, there was not the slightest of hesitation.

Youngsters of a military background were decisive in killing and attacking. They had been on the battlefield thousands of times before, and knew the importance of decisiveness and courageousness at a critical moment, so they would not shrink back at all.

Ye Qingyu was at the front all along.

The huge [Beheading Wind] sword flashed out like a silver lightning.

The formless sword intent of the [Human King Sword Mantra] was engulfing all over.

One of the [Ten Gods of Slaughter] standing in the center was the first to sense the invincible killing intent coming. The battle instinct of a strong expert saved him. At that critical moment, he let out a loud howl, activating yuan energy to its peak and bringing the weapon in his hands up to his chest. The brilliance of formations shrouded his body, strongly blocking the force.

Bang!

The shield of yuan qi around his body was broken, the beams of formation light scattered and vanished like withered leaves. Blood splattered about in the chaos, and his weapon smashed into fragments and flew in all directions.

“What?”

Such a killing strike had scared this person witless.

Without trying, he realized the formidableness of the dark-haired youngster straight away, which was absolutely far beyond the range that his strength could withstand.

Retreat!

Retreat instantly.

He did not have the courage to go up against Ye Qingyu and immediately turned to intercept the other young experts.

Ye Qingyu repeatedly launched three sword attacks.

The power of the [Human King Sword Mantra] was activated to its peak.

The invisible sword intent broke the void.

Three swords.

Three gods of slaughter were wounded and retreated.

[Beheading Wind] sword was not inferior in any aspects. Like a tiger stamping on a flock of sheep, none of the [Ten Gods of Slaughter] could, in such a short time, block one of Ye Qingyu’s moves and remain undefeated.

In the end, once they saw Ye Qingyu charging over, the gods of slaughter of the patrol camp immediately stumbled back several steps, evading. They simply dared not to view him as the enemy, nor did they have the courage to fight back.

On the youngsters’ side, the morale was immediately like a hurricane.

“Haha, [War God] is invincible.”

On the other side, [Avalanche] was brandishing a pair of giant hammers. His strength was as strong as a wild tiger, and seeing Ye Qingyu’s invincible appearance, he was all fired up and began roaring.

The morale of the young men was greatly boosted.

In the blink of an eye, the strength of the 18 people completely suppressed the The [Ten Gods of Slaughter] of the city’s north district patrol camp.

The [Ten Gods of Slaughter] were considered as combat experienced veterans, but in this battle, where the young experts have far more experienced in fighting, they were pressured to retreat little by little.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Two beams of light shot out from the purple-red airship.

It was the entry of more experts.

The two subordinates of the Du household that went into the cabin before also joined the battle.

The situation was saved a little for them.

But the eighteen young experts were still as imposing, like a rainbow, constantly pressing forward.

Within [Purple eye] Du Heng’s eyes, purple flames flashed. The biting coldness was more and more severe, and he suddenly made up his mind.

“Where’s the [Divine Dragon Crossbow]?”

He said faintly.

Before his voice fell.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Four scarlet red fire snakes suddenly burst forth from the purple airship. Silent, like the evil touch of ghosts and spirits, they shot towards the four young experts that were busy fighting.

The [Divine Dragon Crossbow]?

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

Among the information that the Two River Gang collected and submitted to him, it had mentioned the existence of such a killing weapon.

The [Divine Dragon Crossbow] was a formation crossbow that was developed by the Empire for ordinary troops to defend against Bitter Sea experts. It is said that both the crossbow and the arrows are made of a special material, crafted by a formation smithing master and enhanced with formations. It was costly to produce, and only the empire’s royal family and imperial guards were provided with it.

This kind of crossbow, if a real expert drew the bow, the force of the hit, if it was a frontal hit, was enough to cause the fatal death of a Bitter Sea expert.

The origin of the three words, [Divine Dragon Crossbow] referred to the fact that this kind of crossbow can threaten even a master-level expert on the [Divine Dragon List].

In a normal battle, if the experts were on the alert, they would obviously not fall into the trap. But if unguarded, or if there was a large area coverage attack launched from the [Divine Dragon Crossbow], the slightest of mistakes may cause them to die with a grievance in their heart.

Like now.

The four young experts who were caught in a battle with the city patrol were not aware of the crisis.

Fortunately there was Ye Qingyu.

Quicker than words could tell.

The four scarlet red fire snakes were travelling at extreme speed.

“Crush them!”

Ye Qingyu discovered them at the first instance.

Since the beginning of the battle, he was observing [Purple Eye] Du Heng, because Ye Qingyu knew very well that this talent was the real mastermind of this operation, and the most formidable enemy in this battlefield.

When Du Heng uttered a word, Ye Qingyu was immediately on the defense.

His figure flashed, and he flung away one of the Gods of Slaughter that he was currently entangled with. The [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike] was used.

A vague figure flitted across the air.

Suddenly accelerating, flashing like a stream of light, and blocking the four fire snake-like divine dragon arrow’s trajectory.

“[Storm of Swords]!”

The second move of the Unmatched Generalwas once again used.

The endless storm of sword qi, along with the sword intent of the [Human King Sword Mantra], caused the power to reach an unprecedented degree. The sword intent and biting coldness that was filling the air instantly crushed the air. The fabric of space was as though it was being broken up into rippling water.

The four [Divine Dragon Crossbow] bolts seemed endless, but as they were drawn into the [Storm of Swords], like a clay ox entering the sea, they silently vanished.

“What? What kind of move is this?”

[Purple Eye] Du Heng was astounded

At lightning speed, the [Storm of Swords] had already swept away everything, like a hurricane of the heaven, and the sword intent had filled the air. As it approached the purple airship, thousands wisps of invisible sword intent were spinning and terrifying sword intent was slashing out.

A sharp and loud warning noise sounded.

The formation energy protection barrier of the airship had only suffered less than one second of attack of sword intent, but immediately turned to a shocking red colour.

“Shoot a man first before shooting a horse, capture the ringleader first in order to capture all the followers!”

The tip of Ye Qingyu’s sword was precisely pointing in the direction of [Purple Eye] Du Heng.

“Impudence!”

Du Heng understood Ye Qingyu’s intention, his face immediately flickered with a hard to contain anger.

The matters today had developed to this degree, which was beyond his initial estimate, and he was already enraged.

The strength and unity of the young experts made the pretentious and arrogant Du Heng repeatedly miscalculate, and his anger became uncontrollable. The more self-confident and intelligent a person, the more easily they erupt in anger when a mistake in their judgement was made, and only an extremely rational person could control themselves.

But Du Heng obviously had not yet reached such a state.

This little army barbarian has a death wish. He dared to point the sword at me?

Du Heng gave an angry laugh.

In so many years, probably ever since he entered the boundary of the Bitter Sea stage, almost no one in the entire Snow Capital dared to point at him with a sword.

It seems that his younger brother is right, some pigs must be killed. He must chop off the heads of these pigs in order to let this group of stupid idiots know what kind of people they can not offend and which ones should be respected.

“Pass it!”

[Purple Eye] Du Heng made a backhand grasp in the air, when a purple lightning shot out from a cabin of the airship, landing in his palm, and turning into a two-meter-long purple coiled dragon spear.

Clasping the spear in one hand, Du Heng’s imposing manner soared.

To stand in the imperial capital, which is similar to a dragon’s pool and a tiger’s den, perhaps ordinary aristocratic families would be able to. But to become the commander of the City Patrol Camp of the Snow Capital, this required true skill and talent.

[Purple Eye] Du Heng naturally had true skill and genuine knowledge.

Six years ago, he had already entered the Bitter Sea stage; he was a true top level expert.

His wrist was vibrating slightly.

Hum Hum Hum!

The strange light of the spear was hissing and the vibrations set the air quaking.

The purple gold coiled dragon spear turned to a purple light that filled the sky, like bizarre stars in the night sky, dense and numerous, attacking and shrouding Ye Qingyu.

Ding! Ding! Ding! Ding!

A cluster of dazzling sparks exploded in the void.

It exploded out to an area of 50 meters.

The rumble of the sword and spear was like a contention between god and the devil.

The void was trembling.

In the twinkle of an eye, no one knew how many times the two sides struck each other.

“Electric Poison Dragon Drill!”

[Purple Eye] Du Heng bellowed.

This was his yuan power.

The purple brilliance in his eyes was like a liquid substance, when the yuan energy was activated to its peak, he really looked like the devil of legend. The purple flames of qi around him were frantically curling up, and the sharp point of his spear contained a strange and majestic magical power, as though it was about to pierce through the air.

Ye Qingyu waved his sword to fend off the attack.

[Beheading Wind] sword struck the sharp point of the spear, and a bizarre and imposing force came gushing towards him. Ye Qingyu could feel the palm of his hand shaking, and as he listened attentively to the sound, the thick blade part of [Beheading Wind] immediately emerged a soybean-sized gap.

“The opponent has a Treasure tool?”

Ye Qingyu was suddenly slightly apprehensive.

In terms of weapons, the power of a treasure weapon was far above spiritual weapons. Relying on weapons alone, this [Purple Eye] officer had suppressed him. It seems he must be careful.

“Want to block me with a broken sword? See if you can catch my following attacks!” “

[Purple Eye] Du Heng’s voice was aggressive and cold, like the god of death was approaching, every thrust of his spear contained a kind of primitive mighty force that made the very sky tremble!

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 368:


Chapter 369 - Why is it like this?

Ye Qingyu concentrated all his attention, both hands clasping the [Beheading Wind] sword and launching continuous attacks.

The power of the [Human King Sword Mantra] was activated to its peak, with each wave of his sword like an invisible force slashing out, following along the heavy and tough sword body as it swung down at the purple spear.

Ding!DingDingDing!

There was a continuous clang of metals striking each other.

Sparks, like fireworks, momentary burst and sputtered in the dark night sky.

On the huge, thick blade of [Beheading Wind] sword were gaps like grains of rice appearing that were the size of a soybean. In the blink of an eye it was like a sawtooth.

Even the sword body was covered with holes the size of fingertips.

If it was not for the fact that the [Beheading Wind] sword was incomparably heavy and thick and it was the work of a master of the royal household, then most likely, under the bombardment of a Treasure weapon like the purple gold coiled dragon spear, it would have been shattered into fragments.

Spirit weapons, Treasure weapons, Dao weapons...

A weapon is like a martial artist. There were clear-cut boundaries, for example a Spirit spring master cannot challenge an expert of the Bitter Sea stage. A Spirit weapon cannot withstand a Treasure weapon.

In the blink of an eye, the [Beheading Wind] sword seemed like it was on the verge of being smashed.

Ye Qingyu was gradually falling into a disadvantageous position.

Ye Qingyu was originally extremely satisfied with the sword [Beheading Wind], which could display his martial arts characteristics, but unfortunately the product ranking was too low, not able to keep up with the growth of Ye Qingy’s strength and most likely unable to last the battle.

After [Little Shang] Sword, the [Beheading Wind] sword also needed to be scrapped?

Ye Qingyu’s desire for a real top weapon, at this moment, became unprecedentedly intense.

DingDingDing!

Sparks were sputtering, the airflow was exploding.

“Haha, the people that the Crown Prince secretly selected himself are so-so..” [Purple Eye] Du Heng chuckled, his eyes were full of contempt looking at Ye Qingyu. “It seems that you are the leader of these 18 people? Your courage is commendable, but your mind is too simple. The Crown prince has placed his hopes in a group of brutes, he really is desperately trying everything.”

Ye Qingyu’s face was void of any expression.

He was not surprised at the fact that Du Heng was able to expose the identity of the 18 people. After all, he had been training in the military headquarters for one month already, and although it was a secret training, to many observant people, it can’t be kept a secret for long. And the people selected from the main battle corps of various regions were all high-profile military experts, and would definitely alarm the big shots of various sides.

It was not surprising that people like Du Heng knew of the news.

The matter that made Ye Qingyu shocked was that, since Du Heng knew that the 18 people were secretly chosen by the Crown Prince, he still dared to be so aggressive. This shows that he does not attach much importance to the current Crown Prince.

It was clear that Du Heng was not one of the people of the Crown Prince’s factions.

Without saying a word, Ye Qingyu swung and thrust his sword forward, constantly blocking the sparks of the spear that were coming at him from all directions.

Like a rock that does not move.

Like a central pillar.

Even if [Beheading Wind] sword was full of mottled marks, even if the storm-like purple sparks were approaching, Ye Qingyu stood straight and motionless, not budging an inch.

Gradually, Du Heng felt something was wrong.

Because after ten breaths of time had passed, the [Beheading Wind] sword was not as what he had expected, breaking into pieces like wood chips. Instead, it was still withstanding the attacks.

A faint silver flame, like the first glimmer of dawn, was faintly flickering and emerging on the mottled sword blade.

It was precisely because of the existence of this layer of strange silver flame that the huge thick mottled sword gained a bizarre strength. It resisted the attacks without shattering into pieces, and again and again firmly obstructed the attacks of the golden purple coiled dragon spear.

“What is that?”

[Purple Eye] Du Heng felt a kind of heart-palpitating power unceasingly spreading out from the silver flame.

“Ah...”

On the other side of the battlefield finally came several miserable shrieks.

A subordinate of the Du household was pierced in the lower abdomen by the black soft sword, and at the same time was struck by three or four other kinds of weapons.

He roared, his body rupturing with a loud rumble and turning into a rain of blood that filled the sky.

Finally, there were casualties.

The battle intensified.

The battle was evidently not developing in the direction of what most people expected at the beginning. The terrifying fighting force that broke out from the young experts, at this time, was displayed vividly. The youngsters that have been through battlefields of blood and fire have had a killing instinct etched in their bones long ago. The [Ten Gods of Slaughter] of the patrol camp and the two subordinates of the Du household were at an absolute disadvantage from the very beginning.

What made [Purple Eye] Du Heng furious was that at first, he thought he could easily solve this so-called [War God] youngster, but...

The Treasure weapon spear in Du Heng’s hand transformed into a wild dragon, the spear attacks were like explosions of fire, almost activated to its peak. Under the mad attack, Ye Qingyu’s figure was like the last leaf hanging on a branch in autumn. It could fall at any time, precarious, but it still persisted and did not retreat an inch.

Du Heng found himself entangled.

Next to him came another miserable cry, when a subordinate of the Du household was killed in battle, Du Heng was slightly distracted.

He slowed his spear a little, wanting to split himself to help support the [Ten Gods of Slaughter].

But Ye Qingyu’s battle experience and intuition, how sharp was it?

He was waiting for this moment.

[Soul Stealing Heaven Strike!]！

Ye Qingyu’s battle skills resurged, a green-blue force instantaneously flashed over to [Purple Eye] Du Heng’s side!

There were two profoundness to the [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike]. Apart from temporarily sealing their yuan qi, it would also close the distance instantly.

At that moment, it could ignore all defences and near them immediately. With Du Heng’s strength, he naturally had no way of blocking this divine technique that originated from the ancient bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

Ding!

The purple gold spear was quivering.

This was the first time Du Heng was on defense.

When the spear fended off the long sword, a strange and silent force, following along the spear body, quickly invaded its body, and the yuan qi that was originally bubbling in the meridians like a volcano suddenly quietened down, as though it was instantly frozen.

“Not good!”

Du Heng immediately felt the influence of this silent force, his momentum was lost, yuan energy became stagnant and he was unable to use any martial skills.

He sensed the coming of a crisis.

But why did Ye Qingyu leave him with a chance to react?

“Kill”

The next moment, the [Storm of Swords] was approaching once again.

The power and killing intent of the [Human King Sword Mantra], accompanied by the terrifying imposing force of the [Beheading Wind] sword and the [Supreme Ice Flame], broke out.

In this moment, Ye Qingyu did not hold back, almost instantaneously displaying all his undisclosed strength.

Silvery white ice-flames were being emitted like the moonlight, and coordinated with the sharp and unique sword intent of the [Human King Sword Mantra]. It seemed as though there was a fairy dancing in the night sky under the moonlight. The scene was full of poetic quality and beauty.

But for [Purple Eye] Du Heng, this kind of poetic beauty was undoubtedly the most terrifying thing in the world.

Ding!Ding!Ding!Ding!

The purple gold spear was forced to turn from attack to defense.

The mottled huge sword and the invisible sword intent were constantly striking the body of the spear. He could only withstand, withstand, and withstand. While withstanding, he lost the decisive opportunity, and facing the fury of Ye Qingyu, Du Heng could only retreat again and again.

With this series of attacks, Ye Qingyu’s strength was already far beyond the power that a normal Bitter Sea expert can vividly and thoroughly exert. Every blow contained a frightening physical strength, constantly bombarding the purple gold spear. Du Heng could only think that the vast strength was like a series of raging waves of anger crashing down. It continued until his arms were numb, cracks forming around his mouth, and blood spurting out...

“No, his physical strength, how can it be so frightening, even the experts of the Bitter Sea strage do not possess such physical strength!”

Du Heng was both furious and frightened.

But he soon found something scarier.

It was unknown when, but there was a layer of faint silver frost spreading across the purple gold spear.

The frost was growing silently like the moonlight, and by the time he came to notice it, it had extended down the body of the spear, spreading to his arms and wrists…

This slight chillness made him feel suddenly fearful.

“This is... this is the silvery light that was on the broken sword before. How is that possible? How can it cover the purple gold spear, a Treasure-level weapon? What kind of power is this?”

Du Heng was aghast.

With his temper and will, at this time he could not help but feel apprehensive.

Anyone that was facing the unknown would feel scared.

What’s more, the power comes from the hands of Ye Qingyu, who had made Du Heng miscalculate and fail repeatedly this night.

Du Heng wanted to retreat.

But Ye Qingyu’s [Storm of Swords] seemed endless, the qi of the sword was engulfing the sky like a silvery-white icy storm, and from the beginning had swept Du Heng into it. At this moment the people outside could not see the two figures, and only the 50 meters of ice crystal storm raging and sweeping across the dark night sky was visible.

“If this continues, I will no doubt lose.”

[Purple Eye] Du Heng was both anxious and furious.

He noticed that his body was gradually beginning to disobey him, especially his arms that were covered by the faint silver frost. He did not feel pain, but some numbness, as though he had lost his perception. The usually nimble and incomparably flexible treasure weapon was also starting to not listen to him.

He almost could not exercise a complete move.

“What kind of monster had the Crown Prince found? This so-called [War God’s] cultivation level is not as good as me and he only has a Spirit weapon in his hands. A guy that should have been destroyed by me, is now suppressing me?”

[Purple Eye] Du Heng came to realize that he was too careless this time.

No matter what, he must not lose.

Du Heng was madly roaring inside.

If he was defeated, he would become a huge joke in the imperial capital. He would be nailed to the pillar of disgrace, and his status in the imperial capital would also take a huge blow.

Along with it, the reputation of the Du household would also plummet.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

