Chapter 841:


Chapter 858 – Knocking on the Immortal Gate



After he reached the Peak Immortal Step realm, Ye Qingyu felt that his momentum had flagged significantly. Most importantly, he had reached the end of the Immortal Step realm the moment he reached the Ninth Step Immortal Step realm. If he continued to progress forward, he would be charging toward the Saint realm.

The Saint realm
and the Immortal Step realm were completely different.

His journey toward the Peak Immortal Step realm had gone so smoothly earlier because his foundation was strong enough after multiple fierce battles. Another reason was that he had already reached the First to the Fifth Steps of the Immortal Step realm, which meant that he was very familiar with the methodology and meaning behind the progress on each step of the Immortal Step realm. In other words, he made easy progress from experience.

However, he was completely unfamiliar with the Saint realm.

Thus, he would not be able to charge ahead without encountering any problems like he did before.

To countless martial arts experts, the Saint realm was like a deep chasm that impeded their progress on the martial way. Countless races and experts had found the chasm to be insurmountable. Even a heaven-defying talent like Great Dragon Turtle Demon, who enjoyed such a long lifespan, was unable to reach the Saint realm. Although the law of the land in the Heaven Wasteland Domain was also a factor, this was enough to show that there was a problem. All the heads of the various peaks in the Greater One Sect of the Clear River Domain held such lofty positions and countless techniques and treasures at their disposal. Nonetheless, none were able to attain the Saint realm.

Being a Saint meant that one would have to take an important step toward the purest primordial foundation and the state of freedom from worldliness.

A Saint was known as a Saint because of their otherworldliness.

Being in the primordial foundation also meant being free from the trappings of the world.

The ultimate state of otherworldliness was to free oneself from the bondage of the world.

Attaining the Saint realm was the first step to otherworldliness.

Ye Qingyu had made preparations for becoming a Saint and studied the secret manuals that Nan Tieyi from the Clear River Domain had sent over. The remnants of the ancient texts from the Formation Palace of Emperor Luosu also contained records on how to reach the Saint realm. He had also gathered information from various sources, so he was not completely unprepared.

Although Ye Qingyu also had an Immortal Step realm cultivation, the fact that he had killed Saints, defeated Great Saints, and experienced for himself the power of the Saints meant that he had a far better understanding of the power of the Saint realm as compared to an average Immortal Step realm martial artist.

Ye Qingyu had also formed his own understanding of how he would reach the Saint realm.

The first step of becoming a Saint was to knock on the Immortal Gate.

One could become a Saint only after the Gate opened.

The first condition before one could knock on the Immortal Gate was that it first had to appear.

One would have to form an Immortal Gate in one's dantian world.

"The Immortal Gate is merely a metaphor that refers to the forces preventing these martial artists from reaching the Saint realm. In simple terms, by knocking on the Immortal Gate, one will be breaking free from the shackles that hold one back on the martial way to enter a brand new realm. This draws similar parallels to how mortals would knock on the Immortal Gate to step from the mortal realm into the Immortal realm. The heroic ancestors of the Human Race who created this world and the martial way system used this beautiful metaphor to emphasize the importance of this step..."

Ye Qingyu searched his brain for all the descriptions of this process that he had gleaned from the jade slips of the various techniques and he soon had a rough plan of how to break through to the Saint realm.

Since this Immortal Gate signified the forces that blocked one's path to the Saint realm, then...

Ye Qingyu made up his mind.

He made up his mind and forcefully activated the nameless breathing technique to push his dantian world to its maximum strength and mentally became one with his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger]. He cast aside all distractions and immediately strode toward the Tenth Step Immortal Step realm.

There were only nine steps in the Immortal Step realm.

There was no tenth step.

The ninth step was already the pinnacle of the Immortal Step realm.

Therefore, the tenth step was where the impediment lay.

If he encountered an impediment, that meant that it was the Immortal Gate.

If he wanted the Immortal Gate to appear, he had to make the tenth step.

The moment he stepped out to take the tenth step, Ye Qingyu sensed that the barely detectable obstructive forces revealed themselves to suddenly explode like a raging sea serpent. The relaxed sensation he had when he stepped out four times previously immediately disappeared and he felt as though the entire world was standing against him. At this moment, his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] slowly raised his foot to take the tenth step, but his actions had slowed down.

This was the impediment.

Pushing past this impediment was the equivalent of knocking on the Immortal Gate.

Ye Qingyu's task was to make the Immortal Gate appear.

As his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] forcefully took the tenth step, it unleashed the power of a Peak Immortal Step realm martial artist. The moment its foot lifted, there was a loud booming noise as the surrounding Void shook violently. Visible wrinkles rippled across its surface and twinkled in front of the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger's] raised right foot. An invisible force was intensely attempting to suppress his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger].

Ye Qingyu's physical body and divine soul felt the same amount of obstructive force as his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] was experiencing.

His doppelganger slowly raised its right foot.

The entire process was excruciatingly slow.

The rippling wrinkles continued to twinkle in front of his raised right foot. The mysterious force only grew more intense and it was as though someone had taken an invisible pen to draw all over the Void. Clear, visible lines appeared and disappeared across the Void. The entire scene was extremely mysterious.

Ye Qingyu watched as the barely visible lines moved mysteriously through the Void and he immediately understood that the normal state of this universal resistance was invisible and colorless, but if he tried to forcefully break past it, it would gradually reveal itself.

If he exerted enough force, the universal resistance would gradually start to emerge under the laws of the universe.

This was the process for the emergence of an Immortal Gate.

It seemed complicated, but it was really just a normal expression of the universal laws.

Time ticked by—second by second, minute by minute.

His [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger's] right foot remained raised. This tenth step was extremely difficult and Ye Qingyu felt as though the entire universe's gravity was concentrated on his body. It was arduously difficult even for his doppelganger's foot to rise a single millimeter.

Nonetheless, Ye Qingyu's eyes grew brighter.

The clear wrinkles in front of his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] became more defined and hundreds of lines had already emerged. Not only that, these lines had started to stabilize to form the shape of a towering gigantic gate. But it was not complete yet.

"The Immortal Gate is about to appear."

Ye Qingyu exerted his yuan qi with all his might and unleashed all his power to activate the meaning of his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger]. Instantly, his strength soared and increased by many times.

“Boom! Boom! Boom!”

In his dantian world, the Void shook more violently.

"Ah ah ah..." Ye Qingyu bellowed and gave it everything he had. He finally managed to take the tenth step as his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] stepped out into the Void and left the ninth Immortal step to stand steadily in the sky, at least ten thousand meters above his yuan qi ocean.

At this moment, a formless and transparent light-ray light shot in all directions and swept across his entire dantian world.

A strange thing happened.

A clear and gigantic ancient gate formed in the Void. It looked like a magical vision but it seemed very real as it appeared in front of the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger]. It was ten thousand meters tall and looked very simple and plain as if it was formed by ripples of clear water. It had two panels and each panel was perfectly symmetrical. It looked real and unreal at the same time and seemed as though it had existed there since ancient times. It was part of the universe, blocked gods and demons, and kept all living organisms at bay.

The Immortal Gate!

The Immortal Gate finally appeared.

Ye Qingyu was elated.

He took another step forward.

His will and divine consciousness merged with his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] and he stood in front of his gigantic Immortal Gate and raised his head to look up at it. A feeling that this was completely insurmountable consumed him.

"Phew, the appearance of this Immortal Gate is the sign of the half-step to the Saint realm. This means that I have now reached the half-step Saint realm… Next, I'll need to push past this Immortal Gate to enter the Saint realm. From then on, I will have shed myself of worldliness and I will be considered an expert throughout the Vast Thousand Domains."

Ye Qingyu became a little excited.

He continued to prep himself and exerted the strength in his body. His mind, spirit, and soul came together as one as he stood in front of the Immortal Gate. After he spent fifteen minutes in front of the gate, he felt that he was at his peak condition and reached out to place his hands on both panels of the Immortal Gate.

He pushed.

He drew on the [Seventh Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way] to unleash his inner yuan and the terrifying power of a half-step Saint onto the Immortal Gate.

If he managed to open the Immortal Gate, he would be a Saint.

The opportunity to shed himself of worldliness lay just ahead of him.

Ye Qingyu was full of confidence.

However—

It did not budge at all.

Not a single ripple flashed across both panels of the Immortal Gate, let alone did the gate open. Ye Qingyu had unleashed his most powerful strength but it had entered the sea like a clay ox with no hope of returning, instantly disappearing without a trace.

"How… how could this be?"

He was extremely shocked.

Ye Qingyu would not have been too surprised if he was not able to push open the Immortal Gate. After all, the Immortal Gate was famously hard to open. If it could be opened so easily, then any ordinary person could be a Saint. However, the power he had unleashed earlier would be enough to instantly kill a half-step Saint or seriously injure a Saint if his cultivation was not solid enough. He was surprised that the power he had displayed was not enough to crack open the Immortal Gate at all. In fact, the gate had not even budged...

This was unbelievable.

Ye Qingyu was slightly dejected.

He paused for a moment and pressed both of his hands against the panels and unleashed his most powerful strength as he tried to push the gate open once more.

The result was exactly the same as his first attempt.

The Immortal Gate did not budge.

Ye Qingyu realized that things were getting problematic.

Could this be the so-called bottleneck?

Ye Qingyu spent the next few moments attempting all sorts of methods. He made hundreds of attempts, and during one attempt, he had even activated an inconceivable eight limits on the [Limitless Divine Way], but to no avail. The Immortal Gate did not budge.

He used a tremendous amount of force, enough to kill Saints, but this force still disappeared without a trace. The Immortal Gate did not budge an inch, and there was no feedback force.

"No, this shouldn't be the case..."

He frowned.

He sensed that the problem likely lay in his methodology. The real mystery behind opening the Immortal Gate was probably not to open it by force. Otherwise, the strength he had displayed earlier was already comparable to a Saint, so theoretically, the gate should have opened. How else did those Saints successfully open the gate if they were not as strong as him?

If he should not be forcing it open, then how should he open it?

Ye Qingyu sank deep into thought.

He had not expected to run into his biggest bottleneck at this stage.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 842:


Chapter 859 - Legend of the Infinite Arsenal

One day flew by in a blink of an eye.

Ye Qingyu strode out from the quiet room.

He was full of energy and his physical condition was better than ever before. His strength was kept hidden and his aura gradually normalized. His murderous spirit that had been sharpened through his battles in the past years, especially the fearsome sharpness that was like a peerless divine sword displayed during the battles at Falcon City and the Chaotic Windstorm, had already been retracted by him. He seemed to be more mature and exuded an inscrutable and mysterious vibe.

It was clear that Ye Qingyu's cultivation had improved by leaps and bounds since he entered self-isolation.

However, he still remained at the half-step to Saint realm.

He tried countless times over the entire day but he was still stuck at the crucial step of knocking on the Immortal Gate. He racked his brain but could not find the key to opening the gate to truly step into the Saint realm.

He had a combat strength that was on par with a Saint but he was still unable to open the Immortal Gate. This left him extremely bewildered, and finally, he concluded that the time for him to become a Saint was not ripe yet, probably because he had yet to truly comprehend the meaning behind reaching the Saint realm.

Ye Qingyu's progress on the martial way had been smooth sailing thus far. Whether he had been advancing to big or small realms, everything had fallen into place easily and he hardly encountered any bottlenecks. This time though, he had truly encountered a huge bottleneck. Presently, he was unable to find a way to break past the bottleneck.

After hundreds of failed attempts, Ye Qingyu decided to end his self-isolation.

Progress on the martial way would not happen if one attempted to break past all the bottlenecks by force.

Otherwise, one could easily descend into madness.

He stood quietly at the entrance of the quiet room and remained there for a long time. He emptied his mind and cast aside all thoughts on pushing past the Immortal Gate. As a smart man, he would not dwell too much on his problems. Through his multiple failed attempts earlier, he had comprehended something very profound, so profound that he could not describe it. However, he was certain that once the time was ripe, he would be able to easily push open the Immortal Gate.

Thirty minutes later, Luo Yi's arrival pulled him out of his reverie.

"My lord, this is the document that her royal highness had tasked me to bring to you. It is a record of all the various forces throughout Heaven ConnectCity and the other eighteen cities of chaos who wish to form an alliance with the Heaven Wasteland Domain. A large majority of them are chambers of commerce who wish to trade with the Heaven Wasteland Dynasty on mutually beneficial terms. Please review this document."

Luo Yi handed the document over.

Ye Qingyu smiled and accepted it. He took close to an hour to finish reading it and digesting the information contained inside.

After he finished reading, he did not offer up any suggestions. First, this was not an area he was familiar with, and second, he understood that Yu Xiaoxing had merely requested him to read through this document and was not seeking his advice.

His Empress was many times more talented and adept at dealing with these matters than he was.

He had his usual breakfast, then he went to the western courtyard to check on Great Dragon Turtle Demon's condition. He discovered that Great Dragon Turtle Demon's vitality was gradually starting to fade away and he seemed to be on the brink of death. Nonetheless, he was in good spirits and could walk unassisted. His face glowed with health as though he was back in his peak condition of his heyday.

Ye Qingyu was a little dazed. He was not exactly sure what had happened so he could only secretly inject some life-prolonging force into Great Dragon Turtle Demon to ensure that he would not die anytime soon. He would continue to keep him under observation.

In the afternoon, Ren Puyang sent someone to privately inform Ye Qingyu that the arrangements for him to enter the [Infinite Arsenal] to browse through the techniques kept within the Alliance of Domains had been made for the morning of the next day. He also informed Ye Qingyu to prepare himself by conserving his energy.

His eyes lit up.

This could be a chance.

The [Infinite Arsenal] was the largest arsenal throughout the Vast Thousand Domainsand contained countless exotic and bizarre techniques as well as classics of the martial way that many people could only dream of. If his luck held up, he might be able to discover relevant materials that could help him solve the mystery of opening the Immortal Gate.

Early the next morning, a white airship descended on the square outside the Green Xuan Hall. Xiao Lin, a white-robed divine guard, appeared and privately greeted Ye Qingyu. Then, under the proud and curious stares of several members of the envoy mission, the airship shot into the air and disappeared into the sky.

A moment later—

The airship was fast approaching the boundary of the Alliance of Domains congress divine temple while white fog still clung to the horizon. The golden rays of the morning sun gave a faint golden glow to the majestic congress divine temple, which made it seem even more imposing and beautiful.

It was still early but the various airports of the congress divine temple were bustling with life. Warships and airships ascended and descended into those airports, just like bees bustling back and forth between their hives. It was a majestic sight to behold.

The white airship descended into a small airport that was exceptionally well-guarded.

"Lord Ye Qingyu, please follow me." Xiao Lin, the white-robed divine guard, smiled as he led the way.

"Many thanks. I'll be counting on you this time, too." Ye Qingyu got off the flying ship and surveyed his surroundings.

Ye Qingyu had now reached the half-step Saint realm, which meant that his cultivation had advanced significantly since the last time he was here. He was now more attuned to his surroundings, and as he carefully assessed his surroundings, he immediately sensed that there was a formidable force surrounding this place. It was a restraining formation that was secretly installed and it hung menacingly in the air. If anyone dared to force their way into this place, they would be torn to shreds instantly.

"You're welcome. Lord Ren Puyang is held up by some matters and is practically holed up in his residence. However, he specifically instructed me to take good care of you." Divine Guard Xiao Lin smiled warmly and led Ye Qingyu to a waiting flying vehicle.

The route taken this time was completely different from the one Ye Qingyu had taken when he came for the domain grading. The flying vehicle looked similar to an airship but it was many times smaller. This was the main mode of transport internally within the Alliance of Domains divine temple and it was faster and more agile than an airship.

Then, the silver formation that shrouded the flying vehicle instantly expanded and then moved like a light arrow charging forward.

Moments later—

The flying formation vehicle stopped in front of the entrance to a long corridor.

The white-robed Divine Guard, Xiao Lin, handed Ren Puyang's edict to the two guards on duty. After the guards checked the edict and verified Ye Qingyu's identity, they granted them access into the corridor.

They walked for close to one thousand meters and passed through three guarded checkpoints before Ye Qingyu was led by Divine Guard Xiao Lin to a small portal formation at the end of the corridor.

The entire area along the way had been heavily guarded.

He had already seen hundreds of guards along the way. The light-silver formation was slowly activated and mysterious and ancient space formations that circled the center of the formation circulated like rays of rapidly moving splendor.

"Do you know how this [Infinite Arsenal] came to be?" Ye Qingyu asked curiously as they walked.

"I only know a little about it. According to legend, the [Infinite Arsenal] where you are headed was established by a very mysterious Martial Emperor. No one knows his name and there are no records of this Martial Emperor, but as the legend goes, this [Infinite Arsenal] is like the boundless sea and contains all kinds of techniques and secret manuals. There is also a collection of almost all the martial way techniques of almost all the races on the Vast Thousand Domains from ancient times up until present times. The breadth and depth of the materials contained within is said to be the most extensive in the Vast Thousand Domains through the ages. No other power has resources comparable to what is contained within the [Infinite Arsenal]. This is the most powerful resource of the Alliance of Domains," Xiao Lin said proudly.

After all, he was a member of the Alliance of Domains.

There were very many checkpoints along the way so they kept their expressions passive as they made their way forward in silence. Divine Guard Xiao Lin only briefed him on the origin and the magnificence of the [Infinite Arsenal] when they were standing in front of the portal formation.

"Techniques of the different races?" Ye Qingyu was shocked and exclaimed in surprise. "The techniques of foreign races could also be found within it? This seems too good to be true. Wouldn't that mean that every being who enters the arsenal will be able to discover the techniques of other races?"

Within the Vast Thousand Domains, there were millions of races.

The techniques of each race were different and each technique was handed down through the generations for the advancement and continuation of the status of their race. These techniques were highly treasured by the various races and were all treated as heavily guarded secrets, never to be revealed to outsiders. According to Divine Guard Xiao Lin's brief introduction of the place, the [Infinite Arsenal] not only held the techniques of the Human Race since ancient times, but the Martial Emperor had also collected the techniques of foreign races.

Not only that, the descendants of other races could still have the opportunity to enter this [Infinite Arsenal].

This seemed a little far-fetched.

Why would the experts of the various races allow this to happen?

This did not make sense.

"About that… you'll know once you enter the arsenal." Divine Guard Xiao Lin smiled mysteriously. At the same time, he placed Ren Puyang's token close to the portal formation.

The next moment, the portal formation was activated.

The two of them disappeared into the formation one after the other.

When Ye Qingyu's vision returned to normal, he discovered the place that he was in did not look like an arsenal. Rather, there was yet another space with silver formations.

Uh...

Was it yet another portal divine temple?

He looked around and saw that this portal divine temple seemed different from those corridors from before. It was devoid of anything except for the twinkling silver formation, but the entire space was filled with dense and ancient spiritual qi. There were many mysterious and grey formation splendor markings that moved and gathered across the four walls of this space. An overbearing power that automatically induced fear in anyone who stepped in permeated the entire divine palace.

"Let's go. The [Infinite Arsenal] is heavily guarded and is the heart of the Alliance of Domains divine temple. We're still quite a distance away from it." Divine Guard Xiao Lin placed the token near the silver splendor to activate the portal formation.

The road to the [Infinite Arsenal] was not only heavily guarded but also very well-concealed. If he did not have Divine Guard Xiao Lin beside him to lead the way, anyone would have found it hard to exit the place after entering these portal formations.

Ye Qingyu looked at the slowly turning formation and grew even more curious about the [Infinite Arsenal].

Soon after, they stepped into another formation and were enveloped by a dazzling white light.

The next moment, a faint breeze brushed past them.

When his vision was restored once more, Ye Qingyu discovered that they were in a dim corridor with no end in sight.

He looked down the corridor and saw several intimidating guards standing guard every one thousand meters along the corridor.

They passed by many sentry posts, portal corridors, and divine temples.

After two hours, Ye Qingyu started to lose his bearings and found that he could not remember the path that he had taken. It was even more convoluted than a maze and the two of them only found themselves in the [Infinite Arsenal] after they entered the final portal formation.

Even before he exited the formation, Ye Qingyu suddenly felt a powerful and formidable force rushing at him and he could not hold back a shiver.

"We're here!"

Divine Guard Xiao Lin heaved a small sigh of relief.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 843:


Chapter 860 - A Gap



After an hour of continuous customs clearing at the portals, Ye Qingyu had completely lost all sense of direction.

Even somebody with a photographic memory like him was already reeling.

The design of the path he had taken was obviously done by a master. It was special, causing anyone who went through the ordeal of teleportation to lose all memory of the path he or she had traveled. The only thing was that it caused so much torment, and in terms of comfort level, it was no match for traveling on flat, spacious ground.

Ye Qingyu stepped out of the formation and took a look around him. He then mentally mimicked the action of breathing in a breath of cold air.

The place they were in now was a very strange space. It was like a huge void beneath the belly of a hidden mountain, and there were various mysterious formations that were engraved on the stone tablets beneath their feet. The tablets themselves were hovering above the ground and seemed to be suspended by an invisible force.

Also, towering in front of them was a huge black and majestic door that stood tens of thousands of meters high.

Wh
…
what a huge door.

This is truly unbelievable,
Ye Qingyu thought.

His entire self was violently shook.

The city gates of the Snow capital in the Heaven Wasteland Domain and that of the nineteen cities of chaos, which he had passed through on his travels, were already immensely huge and could be considered as great gates, especially the main great gate of Heaven Connect City. It was exactly thousands of meters high and already very awe inspiring. When Ye Qingyu had first laid his eyes on it, he could not help feeling that humans were as tiny as ants in the vastness of the world. The gate that stood before him now, however, was far too huge—it nearly occupied the entire span and height of his vision.

As he stood before the huge black gate, Ye Qingyu felt as minute as a dust particle floating in the Void.

The gigantic charcoal-colored gate looked like the Gate of Origin, which led to the vast galaxy.

Now that he stood below the gate, he felt as if he was an unremarkable ant standing under a giant's foot.

I've been bumping into gates everywhere these past few days,
Ye Qingyu thought.

He recalled how he had been unable to get the Immortal Gate of the dantian world to budge even after trying so hard for the past two days, and could not help lamenting as he looked at the huge gate of the [Infinite Arsenal] before him; his fate seemed to have been closely linked to gates for these few days.

He stared carefully at the gigantic gate and vaguely felt that the huge gate of the [Infinite Arsenal] was a little similar to that Immortal Gate of his own dantian world. He then tried to figure this out.

For a moment, Ye Qingyu stood rooted to the spot as he stared quietly at the huge gate of the [Infinite Arsenal].

There was a strange, faint light blinking in his mind, as if trying to illuminate something for him to see. But unfortunately, it was a fleeting moment and he could not grasp all of it.

It gave him the same feeling as if he had reached out to grab something close by but ended up missing by a few inches.

Ye Qingyu tightly furrowed his brows unconsciously.

His expression gradually turned malevolent and he seemed to be extremely impatient. At first, rivulets of sweat rolled down from his forehead and temples, but soon his sweat had turned dark red, looking like drops of blood; it was a very strange sight.

The white-robed divine guard, Xiao Lin, had also raised his head to look at the huge black gate of the [Infinite Arsenal].

It was not the first time that he had been here. In the past, he had earned the right to enter the arsenal after achieving great merit. Besides that, he had also escorted pre-eminent talents of the Human Race here dozens of times before. Each time he stood before this gigantic black gate, however, he could not help but feel deeply moved. This was a place that countless living souls wanted to come to, and even people of ambition or royalty, who already reigned above others, hoped to be able to enter the gates to see the arsenal for themselves. He felt that the anonymous Martial Emperor who had built the [Infinite Arsenal] in the past was truly a terrifying character.

That said, when Xiao Lin turned his gaze back on Ye Qingyu, he immediately got a shock.

"Lord Ye Qingyu... You, what happened to you?"

The commander of the white-robed divine guards immediately knew that something was not quite right as he saw Ye Qingyu's blood-red eyes and noticed droplets of blood seeping out of the spot between his brows and his temples.
How did this happen? These are obvious symptoms of a martial arts expert about to go into a state of energy deviation from forcefully trying to achieve breakthrough in his or her skills,
he thought.

Why would Ye Qingyu encounter energy deviation at this point in time?

He began to feel anxious.

The journey in took at least an hour's time, and it was heavily guarded; even Xiao Lin himself could not send out any call for help,
This will be the end of me. What should I do?
he thought. If he allowed things to take their natural course, and Ye Qingyu really experienced energy deviation as a result, he would be in deep trouble. There was a possibility that this human martial arts genius, whom Master Ren Puyang thought highly of, would meet a premature end.

Cold blood began to flow from the forehead of the white-robed divine guard.

Others could not help in matters such as energy deviation. In fact, external forces might even intensify Ye Qingyu's negative thoughts and worsen the extent of the deviation.

Thousands of ideas flashed through his mind.

I can't be worrying about so many factors now...
Xiao Lin thought, finally deciding to try something out. He gritted his teeth and reached his hand out in the direction of Ye Qingyu's shoulder, wanting to hit it to wake him up.

However-—

Bam!

A surge of magnificent and uncontrollable feedback force immediately rebounded back into Xiao Lin's arm; the vibration causing his shoulders to feel numb. It also caused him to stagger back a few steps.

How did this happen?
he thought in shock.

How could the power in Ye Qingyu's body be so strong?

The magnitude of his power was already that of the Saint realm, and not the normal Saint realm level.

He's an animal; this is not logical. How could he reach the Saint
realm
without even becoming a Saint?

Xiao Lin looked youthful, but in reality he was already more than one hundred years old and had entered the Saint realm a century ago. He started off as a reputable genius of the Human Race as well, and now, after more than a century of tough practice sessions, he had solidified his cultivation of his Saint realm skills. Even though he was still far away from the Great Saint realm, he could already be considered as one of the best experts of the Saint realm. He could not have become Ren Puyang's confidant and commander of the white-robed divine guards without his once-in-a-generation level of foresight, knowledge, and experience, as well as his extremely strong fighting capability.

When he first met Ye Qingyu at noon just now, he could see that the youth's cultivation was still not at the Saint realm yet.

This was because the saintly pressure on Ye Qingyu's body was extremely faint.

But how could an expert who had not become a Saint knock Xiao Lin backward?

At this moment, he truly understood why Ren Puyang thought so highly of Ye Qingyu, and he also knew how Ye Qingyu's huge reputation came about.

That said, it was still useless to know all these things.

While the divine guard commander was still in shock, how could he actually save Ye Qingyu?

The stronger Ye Qingyu's actual capability in fighting was, the worse the situation would become.

Xiao Lin tried a few more times but was knocked back every time; there was no way he could get close to him. He even tried to use techniques such as the [Heavenly Dragon's Roar] to get Ye Qingyu back to his senses, but failed as well. As such, the commander could not help feeling extremely anxious.

Just at this moment, Xiao Lin did not know if it was due to his blurry vision or not, but he could vaguely see the huge black gate in the Void giving off a strange splendor from what was left of his eyesight. It blinked faintly.

Then, a light breeze came blowing from an unknown direction all around him.

This strange gust of wind made Ye Qingyu's long hair move, along with the hem of his shirt.

The commander of the white-robed divine guards did not notice how, but Ye Qingyu could instantly feel something odd.

A faint, bright presence seemed to have floated into his mind with the aid of the wind's movement.

The presence instantly cleared the impatience and chaos in his thoughts, and the view before him became clear again.

"This... What happened?" Ye Qingyu asked as he regained consciousness and was instantly stunned.

Unexpectedly, he did not have a shred of memory as to what happened just now; he could only feel his entire person being disoriented. It was as if he had met with something terribly frightening. He could still feel a little trepidation at this moment, but he did not know about what exactly.

Xiao Lin, who was at his side, was instantly overjoyed to see this.

"Lord Ye Qingyu... are you OK?" he tried to ask.

Ye Qingyu felt around his forehead and felt his temples ache. He spread his palm open and saw that there were traces of blood on it. It caused him to be a little shocked, and he finally understood a little about what had happened to himself after noticing Xiao Lin's concerned look and making connections with his initial thoughts when he had just seen the huge gate of the [Infinite Arsenal]. He thought that he had left the incident of knocking on the Immortal Gate aside, but who knew that he still had lingering thoughts about it in his subconscious; he was drawn by the huge gate of the [Infinite Arsenal] and nearly fell into energy deviation.

Ye Qingyu could not help but break into a cold sweat after getting the main gist of it.

It was so dangerous.

Ye Qingyu gave Xiao Lin his thanks and channeled the nameless breathing technique. He guarded his Lingtai acupuncture point with firm resolution.

A look of surprise and slight happiness appeared on Ye Qingyu's face as he used divine sense to observe his body internally.

What's this?
he thought.

He realized that there had been a slight change to the huge “Immortal Gate”, which was tens of thousands of meters high in the air, within his dantian world—a gap had appeared between the two gates that had previously been tightly shut. It was a hairline crack that was nearly invisible to the naked eye, and Ye Qingyu could not have noticed such a slight change if he did not possess a firm grasp of the layout of the Immortal Gate after so many repeated attempts to open it.

A faint, strange aura was slowly diffusing out of the hairline crack.

Has the ‘Immortal Gate' finally been pried loose?
Ye Qingyu thought.

He was somewhat in disbelief.

He focused his thoughts on his dantian world, and his True-Self Doppelganger tried to nudge the Immortal Gate again, but Ye Qingyu could only declare it a failure after repeated attempts.

Even if there was a crack between the two gates now, it was still extremely stable and immovable.

He gave up trying again.

He recalled everything about what happened before, and it all began when he saw the huge gate of the [Infinite Arsenal]. Somehow, it connected with the lingering thought in his mind about the Immortal Gate, and all those things happened after... "
Could it be that the opportunity to knock on the Immortal Gate lies on the huge gates of the [Infinite Arsenal]?
"

Ye Qingyu thought as he looked at the gigantic gates of the [Infinite Arsenal] in front of him.

He had personally seen and felt the Martial Emperor's style, which was nearly akin to the creation of life, whether at those few places in the Heaven Wasteland Domain that looked like temporary imperial residences, or the huge cities along the Road of Chaos. But the [Infinite Arsenal] standing before him still made him feel emotional and in awe. After close examination, Ye Qingyu realized that the huge black gate was constructed out of an extremely foreign material that was unknown to him. Its grain was coarse and its lines simple and unadorned, as if it had been made in a bold and decisive fashion. It was full of the flavor of the passage of time, but other that, there were no unique patterns or drawings carved on it.

There were not even any formations or markings on it.

This was the only time he had seen a gate like this; never before had something like this occurred.

Ye Qingyu himself did not fall into a state of energy deviation again.

He knew that some opportunities only came knocking once in a lifetime, and that it would be impossible in reality to revert to the original state of things.

"Let’s enter the [Infinite Arsenal] first. My destiny with this huge gate has already ended."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 844:


Chapter 861 - Reach Out and Touch the Stars



Ye Qingyu was not greedy.

He knew that he could not try to force his way after his opportunity had passed, otherwise he would encounter another disastrous incident of energy deviation again.

That said, just at this moment, Ye Qingyu suddenly realized something that he had previously overlooked.

"That material is... um, strange. I have a feeling that I know it from somewhere."

He seemed to have seen the material of the [Infinite Arsenal's] huge gates before somewhere, but could not recollect where at the moment.

At this moment, Xiao Lin, the commander of the white-robed divine guards, spoke up. He could finally heave a sigh of relief upon seeing that Ye Qingyu was perfectly fine.

"Lord Ye Qingyu, it's about time today. According to the decisions of the Alliance of Domains, you can remain in the [Infinite Arsenal] for ten days. After that, you have to remember to exit from the arsenal no matter what happens. If you forcibly remain behind on purpose, you'll be repulsed by the restrictive energy of the arsenal and experience feedback. Resistance by force will trigger the death trap, and you'll lose your life. I'll be waiting here at the gates to bring you back after ten days."

As he gave detailed instructions to Ye Qingyu, he passed the token in his hand to the expert.

Time was money, but time within the [Infinte Arsenal] was worth billions more than time anywhere else.

Ye Qingyu had already wasted nearly an hour's time at the gates just now, and Xiao Lin was reminding him out of good will to quickly enter the arsenal, as that time he had spent in a daze was also part of the ten day's time allocated to him.

"Many thanks, Divine Guard Xiao Lin."

Ye Qingyu understood Xiao Lin's intent upon hearing his words and nodded in thanks as he received the token.

After which, he did not hesitate. He turned and walked forward a few steps, arriving beside the huge black gate. Ye Qingyu then lifted his hand slightly and placed the token close to the huge gate.

A black, vapor-like splendor began to stir.

The token in Ye Qingyu's hand instantly melded into the stone gate. It was as if he had stuck his hand into a pool of black water.

The next instant—

His entire body seemed to be drawn by a strange power and directly passed through the gates, vanishing from sight.

While in a daze, Ye Qingyu could feel that he was surrounded by a dark tunnel, and that he had seemingly lost control over his own body. He could only allow the mysterious force to pull him across.

It felt like a long while, yet it also seemed as though everything had happened in an instant.

The force that had been pulling him suddenly disappeared.

Ye Qingyu could sense that he had already successfully made it into the [Infinite Arsenal].

Huh?

Ye Qingyu's expression changed slightly.

What he saw was different from what he had imagined the arsenal to look like.

There were no huge book racks that spanned the entire wall or even the entire arsenal, and there were also no precious manuals of bamboo scrolls that recorded the techniques of many different clans. It was entirely different from any normal arsenal; there were no piles of books, valuable weapons, or treasures. In fact, it was empty.

Yes, empty.

The place Ye Qingyu was in now was serene and tranquil. It was a vast stretch of dark Void, and there was no life or aura within it.

It was a strange and perhaps even mysterious space, exactly like a corner of the nothingness in the boundless galaxy.

As he raised his head to gaze upward, he could see countless stars continually blinking far away in space. Their brilliance came and went, as if they were extremely precious gems that had been scattered over a black screen.

At this moment, there was a huge round stone platform about thirty meters wide at Ye Qingyu's feet, and it was made of the same exact material as the huge black gate. It looked like a huge round sampan floating quietly in the middle of the Void in this spot of the galaxy, somehow giving one the sense that it had been left behind by the world and isolated.

What's going on?
he thought.

Could it be that I've yet to enter the arsenal, and that everything I see before me is all an illusion?

With doubt in his heart, Ye Qingyu examined his surroundings closely again, but still he could not find the semblance of any book or document.

Since this arsenal was built by a Martial Emperor, there must be something profound about it. Perhaps I haven't noticed some particular spot,
he thought.

He stopped looking blindly and calmed himself down. He then closed his eyes slowly, focused his energy, and regulated his breathing. Instantly, his divine sense gushed toward the void and its surroundings like a tide.

After a few breaths—

As his divine sense drew near the blinking stars in the vast galaxy, he noticed that there was something strange about the assortment of colors and bright stars in the surrounding.

So, it's like this...
Ye Qingyu thought.

Having understood something suddenly, a smile formed at the corner of his lips.

He reached his hand out and grabbed at one of the blinking stars in the black void.

He really managed to grab the star, which seemed to be so far away. It was an extremely strange scene, yet it happened. If someone else were to witness it, he or she would be dumbstruck. Ye Qingyu would have seemed to be like an Immortal.

He could reach out and grab the stars.

He was exactly like an legendary, unique Immortal
who had been banished.

It seemed as though Ye Qingyu had already expected such a result, as he was not surprised in the least.

He had grabbed hold of a star, and it was only as big as a child's palm; it looked exactly the same as it had from a distance. Ye Qingyu slowly released his consciousness power to remove the glow of the star. After it had stopped glowing, he used his fingertip to rub against it lightly, and a bamboo scroll, which gave off a faint red halo, slowly metamorphosed.

It looked like a star, but in reality it was a bamboo scroll hidden within the [Infinite Arsenal] that contained martial arts techniques by an exceptionally brilliant divine formation illusion.

Which meant to say that the countless blinking stars that filled the sky were in reality bamboo scrolls that contained various techniques. They had been suspended in the space of the [Infinite Arsenal] by peerless, wonderful means by the creator of the [Infinite Arsenal].

Even though it was huge, the interior of the [Infinite Arsenal] could not be compared to the vastness of the Void of a real galaxy.

Therefore, the creator of the [Infinite Arsenal] could really be considered amazing. In this way, the storage space of the arsenal became so large that it was unbelievable; this was definitely the method of a Martial Emperor.

After concentrating briefly, Ye Qingyu immersed his divine sense into the bamboo scrolls.

The thing that slightly amazed him was that there were no restrictions on the bamboo scroll, and he viewed all of its contents very quickly. The message contained within it appeared in his mind.

"The extremely powerful mark of divine fire... Whoever learns this technique, his fists will act as the medium, and the divine fire of the Ninth Heaven as the source of his power. It will meld into his body and become the mark of fire... When cultivated to the maximum level, the user can invoke the fire of the heavens and withstand natural disasters. At the maximum level, the user will be able to enter the Great Saint realm."

Ye Qingyu looked at the scroll gradually unfurl, and there was an excited gleam in his eyes as he read the opening summary of the technique.

This was a fire-style martial arts technique that could be cultivated to the Great Saint level.

Heavens.

If he were to show the manual around, he was sure that countless people would try to snatch it from him, even on the Road of Chaos. If it were to be placed in those top-level domains, he was afraid that it would lead to bloodshed and unrest.

This time, my luck is not too bad.

Ye Qingyu possessed the ability of photographic memory, and he could immediately commit the message in the scroll to memory. He matched it against the actual text, and lifted his arm after confirming that there were no errors with what he remembered. The scroll seemed to understand what he wanted and it transformed into a ray of flowing light, flying directly into the storage area of the arsenal. It then re-formed itself into a blinking star, which seemed so far away.

After it had transformed into a bright, blinking star, even Ye Qingyu could not identify where the scroll was. It had melded back into the background of many stars.

It was also at this time that Ye Qingyu finally understood.

So, each star in the Void of this arsenal is actually a scroll that records a different technique from the other. And this sea of stars is what Mr. Ren Puyang and Divine Guard  Xiao Lin meant when they talked about the manuals of tens of thousands of martial arts techniques from various tribes!

After quickly browsing through, he placed the star back in its original spot and raised his head to look at the infinite Void again.

At that instant, Ye Qingyu suddenly understood the deeper meaning in
Divine Guard  Xiao
Lin's words just now.

The vast sea of stars was simply too plentiful. Some were very near to him, while others seemed to be incredibly far away.

The level of consciousness power cultivation between those that had the right to enter the arsenal were different, and one's luck and strength played a very big part in determining how many techniques of foreign races one could browse through and master within a limited time.

One's consciousness power could only reach farther and wider areas under constant depletion when it had reached a certain level of strength. It was only by this way that one could gather more stars and reach farther to get them.

If not, one could only reach a limited amount of stars that were nearby.

Especially those scrolls that were scattered across the Void of the galaxy, they were not arranged in order and there was no archiving system to speak of. Within a short span, the techniques that one managed to get in contact with could be of one's own race or that of a foreign race. Likewise, some of them could be of use, while the others, not much.

Time was slowly ticking away.

Ye Qingyu kept gathering those stars that were close to him. As his consciousness power was very strong, the range of his contact became farther and wider.

"The illusory voice of confusion... disrupts your opponent's concentration and focuses one's mind and spirit into infusing one's will into the opponent, thereby controlling him or her..."

Ye Qingyu glanced through the scroll briefly before quickly exchanging it for another star scroll that glowed with a green halo.

"The Shadow Wind Skill... Those practitioners of this skill that reach the eighth level can travel with the flow of the wind and alter his shadow wind as he wishes. Those that reach the ninth level can get the wind to move with their shadow, and control reality and illusions as they see fit..."

The Shadow Wind Skill was something.

After quickly browsing it, Ye Qingyu's divine sense traveled even further.

"The Ghost Valley Divination Skill... Practitioners of this skill have to align their souls with the ghosts and use their lifespan as fuel. They will be able to divine things pertaining to the holy and infernal, and can determine the fate and things to avoid for people..."

"Seems to me that this is an unique skill like fortune telling..."

As he thought about it, Ye Qingyu's hand had already extended out toward another gold star at his side.

"
No matter which race these techniques belong to, or whether they are useful, I'll look through the scrolls first!
"

At this point in time, Ye Qingyu had long discarded any plan to choose between the scrolls and did not hesitate. He kept gathering scrolls, as if by instinct, and his eyes scanned the contents with incredible speed.

Luckily, he had the talent of photographic memory. As such, he had already committed all of the technique manuals he had browsed through to memory securely, so that he could “retrieve” them one by one for individual study after he left the arsenal.

The chance to view the techniques from thousands of different races was one in a million. As such, even if he had only the short time span of ten days, and the number of stars were so many that one could get dizzy just by looking at them, Ye Qingyu still chose to recklessly channel his consciousness power in an insane fashion, as he continuously read through the various martial arts techniques.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

