Chapter 741:


Chapter 759 - New Traces of the Formation Emperor Luoso


‘If Heaven did not send Qin Ming, the ages would have been like a long night.’

When he first saw this sentence, Ye Qingyu did not understand its meaning.

However, he heard the Celestial Phoenix Maiden muttering frostily to herself, “The ages would have been dark? Hoho, this sentence is quite the assessment of the Lightning Emperor... I must say that he’s certainly worthy of it... Hoho, a person who can assess Qin Ming should at least be a martial emperor...  And these kind of words can only be written by a human, for Qin Ming isn’t thought of that highly by other races...”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden spoke a lot this time.

She appeared to be saying all this for Ye Qingyu to hear.

The latter’s entire body jolted when he heard this and he understood at once.

‘If Heaven did not send Qin Ming, the ages would have been like a long night.’

If a First Human Emperor like the Lightning Emperor Qin Ming did not descend from the heavens, the long ages of the Human Race would indeed have been like a long night in which there was not a glimmer of light.

As the first of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, Qin Ming had taken on a life of endless campaigns ever since he became the martial emperor, killing countless foes and adversaries on behalf of the Human Race. Like a mountain-splitting axe, he opened up a living space that belonged to the Human Race in this chaotic world one strike at a time.

Before this, the Human Race merely served as slaves and sacrifices, and could not even compare to crickets and ants. Even when a purely human domain was born every now and then, it would be colonized as soon as its coordinates were known, and the people would be sent to the slaughterhouses and mines...

This life of campaigning had allowed the Lightning Emperor to overawe the past and present.

However, it also rendered his incomparably glorious era a short-lived one.

It must be understood that the martial emperor’s longevity greatly surpassed that of his contemporaries and was comparable to fiendgods. Unfortunately, over a life of campaigning throughout which he experienced countless battles and encountered countless terrifying enemies, he was injured time and time again and narrowly escaped death on multiple occasions. Despite his amazing cultivation as a martial emperor, the injuries eventually took a massive toll, causing his glorious era to last for only tens of thousands of years, after which he rapidly fell from imperial glory and went missing.

The first of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors was none other than the Lightning Emperor.

The name “Lightning” was not only because this human ancestor cultivated the way of the tempest and mastered the power of thunder and lightning, but more so because he allowed humans to rise up like a thunderstorm in the Vast Thousand Domains.

Ever since his reign, the Human Race stood tall among the myriad races and no longer served as slaves, commodities, or sacrifices.

The seven human martial emperors thereafter carried on his good work in succession and established a massive territory, allowing the Human Race to straighten its back and prosper like never before, thereby outshining the myriad races which trembled under its impressive might. The post-Fiendgod Age virtually became the Human Age.

Unfortunately, perhaps in fitting with that sentence, the Human Race then fell from its zenith. It never produced another martial emperor after the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, and gradually sank into decadence and danger. The retaliation of enemy races robbed it of many territories and much wealth, causing heavy losses.

The fall of the imperial city and the banishments that took place represented the end of this glorious period.

After this, the myriad races contended for hegemony while the Human Race, whose yuan qi was badly injured, rehabilitated and licked its wounds. While it was a pity that no human martial emperor emerged thereafter, several Quasi-emperors did emerge, each of them a matchless talent. However, they were always that sliver of opportunity away from becoming a martial emperor.

The most archetypal example was Li Xiaofei.

This Quasi-emperor was the supreme demon-like talent who had the highest promise of becoming a martial emperor. Although he failed three successive times at getting through the pass of the martial emperor's road, he remained unhurt, with each attempt being more refined than the last. He thus could be said to be peerless among his generation.

It was a pity that, for reasons unknown, he never attempted to get through the pass of the martial emperor's road again. Instead, he chose to wander the world, and eventually, in order to find the secret ruins of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, he barged his way into the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss and never appeared again, leaving behind only a gourd and a drop of blood...

Li Xiaofei was gone, save for a licorice gourd that carried his blood.

The Human Race long awaited the emergence of a second Lightning Emperor and the resurgence of a human tempest in the Vast Thousand Domains.

Therefore, when Ye Qingyu saw this sentence, he could not help becoming excited.

But he soon became puzzled once more.

Does this sentence on the giant tombstone imply that this is the tomb of the Lightning Emperor Qin Ming?

His heart sank.

Although the Lightning Emperor had not been seen for countless years, there had never been confirmation of his death. For this reason, many people firmly believed that he had misstepped but was hiding somewhere out there in this world, waiting for a chance to return to glory...

Moreover, his unknown whereabouts could be intended to frighten the foreign races and ensure that they did not act too harshly toward the Human Race via an invisible form of deterrence.

But if the Lightning Emperor was truly dead, then...

With a heavy heart, Ye Qingyu raised his head and looked at the words on the giant tombstone. Every word was engraved using great magical power and contained an extensive aura which imbued it with a sense of inviolability.

However, Ye Qingyu did not know why, at second glance, he suddenly felt that these words were rather familiar, like he had seen that handwriting and brushwork somewhere before.

Where have I seen this before?

Ye Qingyu was somewhat puzzled.

Just then, his peripheral vision skimmed over the area below the last word and spotted a motif. His entire body immediately turned stiff as he revealed a disbelieving look.

That motif... is the symbol of the Formation Emperor Luoso. Ah, I've seen it before in that suspicious palace. No wonder these words seem similar. If I'm not wrong, these words were written by His Highness Luoso.

Ye Qingyu suddenly became enlightened as he looked at the formation motif.

He could by now confirm that these large ancient characters were left behind by the Formation Emperor Luoso.

Given the latter's status and background, it was indeed understandable and befitting of him to write such words.

There was some history among these two martial emperors and Ye Qingyu.

He had entered the suspicious palace of the Formation Emperor and obtained a few inheritances and books, and also obtained the power of the chaotic thunder liquid from the Lightning Emperor. As a result, he had immense respect for them.

Given what he had seen so far here, he suddenly became calm and ceased regretting coming here.

Li Xiaofei's guess back then turned out to be right -  the 18th district indeed contained the ruins of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors. Ye Qingyu badly wanted to venture below this giant tombstone and take a good look.

By this time, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's mask returned to normal.

After glancing thoughtfully at Ye Qingyu without saying anything, she turned into a flowing light and flew in front of the giant black tombstone.

Ye Qingyu followed closely behind.

In his heart were riddles and worries, but still more, hope.

He arrived at the base of the giant tombstone in a twinkling.

It was as if a majestic ancient divine mountain was in front of him.

A fierce blackness bore down on him, full of a sense of oppression.

It seemed as though this giant black tombstone would collapse the very next moment and destroy the entire world.

What astonished Ye Qingyu like never before was a door he spotted at the base.

To be exact, it was something that seemed like a door.

It looked as if it was depicted with highly stereoscopic lines on the black rock using a carving knife. The door was ajar, leaving a half-palm-wide gap that revealed a bright luster. It was approximately two meters high and one meter wide, and could accommodate two people entering shoulder to shoulder.

There was a pool of blood right at the door.

A pool of black blood.

"Someone from the Black Demon Race was injured?" The Celestial Phoenix Maiden revealed a surprised look on her face as she crouched down slightly in front of this pool of black blood and examined very carefully. Eventually, she stood up thoughtfully and glanced at Ye Qingyu, saying, "Let's go. We'll be late if we waste any more time..."

Ye Qingyu, "..."

"Are we entering this door?" he asked.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden nodded. Then, as if she thought of something, said, "You should go first."

Seeing that her gaze was pure and bore no malice, Ye Qingyu walked toward the small and strange stone door while clutching the military medal.

The closer he got, the hotter the military medal became. It reached such a scorching hot extreme that he was practically holding a sun in his hand.

He inhaled a deep breath.

What exactly could be hiding behind the stone door of the tombstone?

A palace?

A grave?

A corridor?

While visualizing all of the possible scenes, he walked toward the door and inhaled another deep breath. Placing both of his palms on the door, he pushed it inward with all of his might.

Boom!

The entire black tombstone rumbled and shook.

It was as if a chain of mountains was collapsing.

However, the small stone door opened upon a gentle touch.

"Huh? What's going on..."

Ye Qingyu stared blankly in astonishment.

He had thought that it would require a force of at least three thousand tons to open the giant stone door. Instead, like a bamboo door in a farmyard, it opened upon a slight touch, revealing an opening which could accommodate two or three people walking side by side.

When the Celestial Phoenix Maiden behind him saw this scene, a hint of amazement flashed across her eyes.

Subsequently, the duo entered the tombstone through the stone door opening one after the other.

After entering the stone door.

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt his vision blur as an extremely strange power passed through his entire body.

The next moment.

Light was restored.

Opening his eyes wide, Ye Qingyu saw that he was standing stiffly on the same spot.

In front of him, a bright and radiant brilliance bore down on him.

His sight became clear again.

"How could... How could the interior of the giant tombstone be like this... Is this... a small world?"

He was wide-eyed and tongue-tied.

The gloomy and dark environment he had imagined did not transpire, and instead what he saw was a picturesque land of idyllic beauty.

He was standing on a hillside which was carpeted with green grass and luxuriant flowers.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 742:


Chapter 760 - Primeval World and a Supreme Magical Ability


What appeared in front of them was not a Fiendgod palace, a netherworld crypt, a tomb, or a chamber. What appeared before them was instead a scenic, magnificent, and all-natural landscape of mountains and rivers.

It was beautiful beyond comparison.

The beauty of the continuous stretch of lofty and majestic mountains complemented the radiance of the clear and bright sky in the distance. A vast stretch of forest, pretty in green, was home to towering old shady trees that reached into the clouds. Waterfalls hung down from the clouds into rivers so clear that their bottoms could be seen. The entire place was full of vigor and picturesque, natural charm, causing one to wonder if they had accidentally entered a heavenly paradise.

Ye Qingyu's heart had been strained while he was passing through the shadowy ancient fiendgod city, the strange sea of tombstones, and the road of broken stones. At this time, however, he seemed to feel completely relaxed, in part due to the rich fragrance of the place which made him feel good physically and mentally.

His consciousness power reached out like a tide.

Everything around was all so real.

He could confirm that this was not a dreamland.

It was all a bona fide little world.

Furthermore, when he inhaled another deep breath, an expression of even greater shock showed on his face.

Such a strong world yuan qi is indeed a rare sight. How could... this place... Something seems a bit off...
He felt that some parts of the place were odd but could not tell exactly what.

The only thing he could confirm was that the world yuan qi in this place was strong and pure to an incredible extent. Even that of the Lightning Emperor's secret chamber in the Underground Moon Immortal Palace of the Clear River Domain could not compare, despite having formations to gather qi.

Inhaling a mouthful of air, Ye Qingyu could feel the extremely pure world yuan qi stream like a spring into his mouth and swiftly seep into his limbs and bones in a remarkably comfortable manner.

As if skeptical, he inhaled several more breaths.

His expression gradually became that of a pleasant surprise.

In the martial world, cultivation places were also classified as high-, middle- and low-grade. Low-grade places referred to mountain forests with ancient evergreen trees and lingering spirit birds. They played a definite subsidiary effect on an expert's cultivation.

Middle-grade places referred to secluded spots which could receive the moistening of the world and breed deities. They halved the effort required and doubled the result of an expert's cultivation.

High-grade places referred to several extremely rare spots where at least one of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors had visited. They could not only rapidly raise an expert's cultivation but also endow any natural thing on earth to the heavenly library. The Underground Moon Immortal Palace could be considered a high-grade place for experts to cultivate.

However, the plane they were currently in already contained world yuan qi and power of laws, which were zsurging like the overturning of an ocean which had reached a very intense and near-adhesive extent. With a simple inhalation, one could feel the boundless power contained within instantly moistening all of the meridians and vessels in one's body.

It could be said that this strange plane had long surpassed the classification limits of a high-grade cultivation place. Instead, it should be considered a hard-to-find, top-grade place. A day of cultivation in this place would yield even more results than a hundred years of cultivation in a foreign domain.

Could this place be the one sought after by those pinnacle experts who have barged into the Door of Darkness one after another over the past million years?

Ye Qingyu speculated inwardly.

But he quickly disproved this idea.

This was because before those divine talents barged into the Door of Darkness, their strength had already reached a near-invincible extent, and to them, even a dip in the world spiritual spring purely depended on outside forces.  Even by tapping on the power of the world, it would be very hard for them to progress to the next step. Although this plane possessed a supremely top-grade cultivation place, they were unlikely to be enticed enough to take a risk and come here.

After quelling the messy thoughts in his mind, Ye Qingyu peered as if lost in thought at the boundless natural space in front of him and nearly could not restrain himself from immediately sitting cross-legged and beginning to cultivate.

After inhaling several more breaths.

Indeed, Grandma's guess is right. This is the Immortal yuan space from the ancient Fiendgod Age. The yuan qi and laws are from the most primeval beings of the ancient Fiendgod Age. Someone has cut out a part of the world and reversed its time-space. Where has this part of the world been brought to? This method is... too frightening.

To one side, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden was finally unable to conceal her shock.

She muttered to herself without paying the slightest attention to the person beside her. Beneath her mask, those bright, clear, and pretty eyes were visibly shocked, carrying not only a tinge of excitement, but also tremendous eagerness.

This was the first time Ye Qingyu saw such a rich expression in her eyes.

However, he was more alarmed by what she was saying.

This place was... the plane of the Fiendgod Age?!

"A part of the Fiendgod Age had its time-space reversed and was brought here... Are there really people in this universe who can do such a thing?"
Ye Qingyu felt that this explanation was completely beyond his understanding of power and cultivation.

How could there be such a magical ability?

Cutting out a part of the world as if cutting a cake, and preserving it... This... surely even a Fiendgod couldn't do such a thing, right?

Were the giant black tombstone and the boundless sea of blossoming hurricane lilies all being used to suppress and preserve the layout of this part of the world?

This... is probably impossible.

However, he vaguely felt that this was right. Because, only this kind of handwriting could appeal to martial emperor-level beings. From those words, Ye Qingyu could at least deduce that the Formation Emperor Luoso had been here before.

Rather than taking a blind shot, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] must have possessed some evidence to be so adamant about coming to the 18th district to find traces of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors.

But Ye Qingyu was mystified once again.

Leaving aside everything from the past, why did the military medal of the Snow Empire react here of all places, and lead me inside and into this place?

Ye Qingyu could not understand.

However, he could confirm that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, the successors of the other super powerful sects, and the risk-taking Heaven's pridelings must certainly know about the existence of such a plane - or at least have predicted as much.

But why did the Celestial Phoenix Maiden choose me as bodyguard?

What is her real motive?

Did she know I possessed a military medal which could lead the way?

How did the other Heaven's pridelings find their way? The Celestial Phoenix Maiden had said that the pool of black blood earlier belonged to the Black Demon Race expert. Has that Little Princess already entered this place?

Peering not too far away at the fairy-like figure in fluttering purple battle garments, the doubts in Ye Qingyu's heart grew.

However, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden seemed as though she did not intend to say anything more.

She flipped her tender hand.

A fist-sized golden Phoenix appeared out of nowhere.

The Phoenix's wings were spread out, revealing extremely fine carved lines and appearing lifelike. It seemed to be a small pot which was exquisite like no other.

What especially shocked Ye Qingyu was that after the golden flame-like crown on its head flickered several times, a strange power emanated from this Phoenix sculpture's mouth.

It was a suction force.

A terrifying suction force.

As if it was swallowing and spitting out the world, the yuan qi and power of laws that had congealed into a transparent gelatinous substance seemed to be rapidly gathered into a fast-spinning cyclone which subsumed into the golden Phoenix without warning.

However, the surrounding world yuan qi and power of laws were simply way too abundant and inexhaustible. No matter how much more the golden Phoenix could take, they would not be weakened in the slightest.

She's extracting the primeval power of this world!

Ye Qingyu abruptly realized something.

If this part of the world was really cut out from the Fiendgod Age, its valuable aspect was not just its steady flow of world yuan qi but also its primeval state.

This kind of primeval state was simply too valuable.

Since the birth of the Vast Thousand Domains, the Fiendgod Age had undoubtedly been a glorious period, and the most fertile and primeval period of this world. Countless Fiendgods were born and countless powerful beings resettled here during this period, while many species had eternal life and boundless longevity. The reason for all of these was because this age was the most complete and pure age.

A huge war in the period that followed caused the ancestors and fiendgods to perish. Although martial emperors could still come into power, the world had been contaminated and damaged and was thus no longer pure.

Hence, the world could never produce those kind of powerful beings with eternal lives ever again.

Legend had it that, in order to achieve personal glory, some experts, unhesitant about distorting the laws of time and space, reversed time to travel back to the Fiendgod Age in search of qi activity and a form of primeval state. They vainly hoped to gain insight into the truths of the universe and thereby attain supreme power.

Unfortunately, they would never return.

Nobody had ever succeeded.

Right now, a part of the primeval world was right in front of Ye Qingyu's eyes. Although it was not a complete world, it possessed primeval qi activity, and by absorbing its spiritual qi and understanding the law changes in this place, one could fathom the real primeval world of the old days and obtain a sliver of opportunity which nobody else could ever see.

This kind of opportunity was not something which even the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, who had remained indifferent and cold all along, could turn a blind eye to. By using the treasure in her hands and beginning to absorb, and then slowly refining it in the days to come, the benefits would certainly be substantial, to say the least.

Ye Qingyu peered at the golden Phoenix which was frenziedly absorbing the world yuan qi until his eyes became spellbound.

This made him even more certain that the maiden had come prepared.

There were only three days to spend within the Door of Life, and the journey here had already taken up a day. While cultivating here was undoubtedly important, it was likely that they would miss the deadline to return to the Door of Life if they sat here meditating and became unaware of time.

Moreover, there were many situations which they were completely not in control of, such as the dangers which were faced by those Immortal Step realm pinnacle experts who were turned into dismembered corpses, or the fact that they did not know where the other people who teleported in had gone.

Therefore, the safest and most effective method was to take away as much of the spiritual essence and power of laws here and slowly convert them to personal uses later on.

Having thought through all these, Ye Qingyu involuntarily revealed a hint of regret on his face.

Because he could not absorb the power of the primeval world here.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 743:


Chapter 761 I Must Have Been Influenced by That Dog


This was because, before entering the Door of Life, the powers of wind, chaotic thunder liquid, and [Supreme Ice Flame] in his body were in an agitated state and confronted one another, practically suppressing all of his yuan qi cultivation and causing his Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger to freeze. Later, in order to conceal his wanted criminal status, he sealed his inner yuan qi completely and thus avoided a series of hunt-downs.

If he hastily undid the seal, his status might be exposed in a moment's time.

He could not guarantee that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden did not have a copy of the Alliance of Domains' wanted list on her, and all the more could not guarantee that she would let him off after finding out his real identity.

Besides, he saw that she had no intention of remaining in this place, apparently because there were still things she needed to find in the deeper parts of the mountain forest.

Should I really pass up such a good opportunity so easily?

He felt a reluctance inside.

There would certainly not be a next time after passing up such a good opportunity once. If even a Quasi-emperor could perish in this place, Ye Qingyu did not believe that he would have another chance to enter the Door of Life.

But...

What could he do?

His mouth watered in envy as he watched the golden Phoenix in the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's hand swallowing the world yuan qi, but he knew that it was impossible to borrow the Phoenix and use its stored yuan qi for his own purposes. For a time, he jumped up and down out of anxiety, before a moment came when his eyes lit up. He had thought of a workable method.

With a thought in his mind, he summoned out the hundred and eight ancient characters.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] appeared on his palm.

This cauldron is magical like no other and unbreakably solid. It protected my life in the Fallen God Abyss and has always seemed as if anything can be placed inside it. Perhaps it may work...

He recited the ancient characters to activate the cauldron.

A golden sand-like mist began to circulate gently.

The cauldron suddenly began to vibrate and came out from the dantian world. Turning into the size of a fist, it landed on Ye Qingyu's palm and spun around repeatedly. Although it could not be seen clearly, a sharp something which was not inferior to that of the golden Phoenix in the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's hand burst out.

The next moment, the Fiendgod power of laws and landscape spirit, together with the soul-like white misty qi in the entire plane, frenziedly gathered from all directions and surged directly into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Haha... it really works!

Ye Qingyu was delighted.

This [Cloud Top Cauldron] is truly the most precious treasure of all.

It can do anything.

Like a greedy python, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] had swallowed the primeval world's laws and yuan qi unbridledly, becoming a yuan qi funnel in a mere instant. It was now as large as a dragon, and its voice sounded like the cries of dragons and tigers.

Beside him, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden became aware of the activity. Turning her head to take a look at Ye Qingyu and the cauldron in his hand, a sliver of astoundment flashed across her eyes.

This was the second time she revealed this kind of expression.

The boundless yuan qi frenziedly gathered toward the duo like two hurricane wind pillars.

The two figures proceeded along the mountain terrain and walked down.

Along the way were luxuriant and dense jungles. Some of the trees had trunks as thin as fishing rods, while others required a dozen-odd men to be able to surround. There were still others which had red-colored fruits that were even brighter and shinier than blood-colored agates and looked highly tempting.

The calm jungle, layered mountains, vigorous trees, blue sky, and clear waters put together a quiet and pleasant scene like that of an otherworldly paradise, causing Ye Qingyu to feel relaxed in body and soul.

At the same time, he noticed that everything that could be seen in this world was soaked in and nourished by the power of laws and world spirit essence, and was filled with yuan qi and divine essence, whether it be a wild flower, a drop of the clear spring, a gust of wind, or a cloud.

Everything was indeed preserved in a primeval elegance. All plants grown here were different from those in foreign domains, and were all very rare varieties. Although he had read many books which depicted the primeval Fiendgods, Ye Qingyu still could not recognize many of the varieties and names.

But this did not hinder his maniacal absorption of everything.

He had truly gone mad.

By activating the formula of the ancient characters, he took away everything he could see, whether it be spiritual qi, power of laws, plants, stones, or sand grains. All he had to do was to order the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to keep them.

Not a blade of grass was left wherever he passed by, much like when a swarm of locusts entered an area.

Seeing this scene, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden staggered and nearly collapsed on the floor.

Approximate thirty minutes later.

"Stop," the Celestial Phoenix Maiden spoke.

"Huh?" Ye Qingyu looked at her.

"This part of the world is the only plane of the Fiendgod Age in the present." The Celestial Phoenix Maiden kept the golden Phoenix and did not continue absorbing the world laws and yuan qi power all around.

Ye Qingyu understood what she meant.

In this last primeval world of the Fiendgod Age, collecting a bit of the opportunity was sufficient. After all, there was a limit to one's fortunes, and it would be harmful to one's self to take away this entire part of the world. Moreover, some of this kind of fortune should be left to the future generations. Every portion taken was one portion less for others.

After some thought, Ye Qingyu kept his [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Dammit, I must have been influenced by that dog. I was never this greedy...
He could not help thinking about the silly dog Little Nine, and felt that he had been influenced by it.

But at the same time, his perception of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden finally became much more favorable.

Although this woman is cold and indifferent, and perhaps permanently this way, she's most definitely a good person.

After keeping the cauldron, the duo proceeded forth with Ye Qingyu in front.

Thirty minutes later, they reached a lakeside which was surrounded by a large stretch of mountain rocks and willows.

Embellished between the mountains was what seemed like a huge piece of transparent crystal. The lake surface, which was close to a kilometer in perimeter, was as glossy as a mirror, such that the spirit fishes and green rocks underwater could be seen clearly.

A breeze swept past, causing ripples on the surface which reflected the clouds and mountain rocks. Like fine lines of silk, the ripples undulated gently and dissipated in all directions.

Walking between the lake and the forest, Ye Qingyu suddenly paused his footsteps.

A smell of blood...

He had smelled an indistinct trace of blood in the air which contained an incomparably pure amount of world yuan qi at that earlier moment.

Could a battle have taken place in the space ahead?

The duo quickly followed in the direction where the smell of blood came from.

After several kilometers or so of following along the lakeside.

Ye Qingyu finally paused his footsteps beside a bushy mountain pass.

A terrifying murderous spirit circulated endlessly in the air.

In the distance.

The residual aura of an Immortal Step realm pinnacle expert surged within an incomplete formation shrouded by the smell of blood.

Lying within was a black-robed corpse, with a savage face and angry features, that had long been soaked in blood.

Ye Qingyu walked several steps up to the formation, and only then saw clearly that the corpse was not human, albeit its outline seemed so.

On both sides of his forehead were two monstrous horns which were as long as a thumb and seemed like two black stone pieces. The two eyes did not contain sclerae like those of regular humans, and only had pupils which seemed more like two inlaid pieces of dark crystals.

The black, film-like skin all over the body appeared to be in a shriveled state. There was no sign of flesh or meridian under the skin, and all there was was a completely intact black skeleton which was similar in structure to that of humans.

It's the guardian of the Black Demon Race princess!

Ye Qingyu was suddenly shocked.

Although he had never seen the real face of a Black Demon Race expert, he had read in some secret records that the Black Demon Race relied on their innate and cultivated Black Demon qi to support their bodies. After their deaths, the Black Demon qi would leak out of the body and completely dissipate, causing their bodies to quickly become shriveled.

Upon recognizing the identity of the corpse, Ye Qingyu made another shocking discovery.

Although the head and body of this corpse were intact, the viscera in his abdomen area had strangely disappeared like the others!

It was the same situation yet again.

Where have the viscera gone?

Someone has actually killed a member of the Black Demon Race.

Who would dare to touch a Black Demon Race member in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss?

Ye Qingyu was terribly alarmed.

Most importantly, he noticed that the bones in the body were pure black...

This...

He frowned.

And realized something.

Instead, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden did not remain and had already proceeded ahead.

Shaking his head, Ye Qingyu's expression became grim like never before.

After walking for some time, he revealed a look of shock once more.

In the distance.

A giant temple, which was made of gray copper and was completely of a metallic texture, was standing tall at the peak of a jagged and precipitous mountain range whose cliffs were lined with pine trees and cypresses.

The temple stood a kilometer high and had a primitive exterior. It revealed an extremely mysterious and vicissitudinal essence, as if it had gone through tens of millions of years of chaos and had been standing tall since the creation of the universe.

Except for a few lifelike ancient fierce beast carvings from the Fiendgod Age, there were no murals or other embellishments on the four copper walls.

Having been through tens of millions of years and received moistening from the world yuan qi, these carvings were close to becoming living things. They formed a vast and terrifying murderous spirit which surged all around the temple and bore down directly at the duo, as if it wanted to annihilate everything within its proximity.

Meanwhile, there was also a fog-like chaotic qi revolving around the temple. It clashed indistinctly with the world power of laws in the surroundings, forming an extremely bizarre force field.

"Do not go near that temple." The Celestial Phoenix Maiden's chilly voice sounded.

Standing at the foot of the mountain, Ye Qingyu felt the murderous spirit which contained apocalyptic power as his hair rose to their ends.

Throughout this journey, although the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had not spoken much, she would disclose some extremely important information at crucial moments, and thus Ye Qingyu was highly trusting of her warnings.

The only problem was that this was the first time he had seen a temple which contained such a volatile murderous spirit yet did not reveal any sign of life. He was hence a little curious and had to take a few more looks at it.

"Is that... a palm print?!"

Abruptly shocked, Ye Qingyu revealed a disbelieving expression.

He once again looked at the temple with his vision that emitted a purple light halo.

There was a one-hundred-meter-odd tall palm print which was clearly visible and emitted a heart-palpitating aura on the left copper wall of the temple. Ye Qingyu then discovered a distinct sword mark, which was also one hundred meters long, several hundred meters away from the palm print.

The sword mark meandered its way to the top and nearly reached the ceiling. It, too, contained a terrifying residual aura.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 744:


Chapter 762 What Are These For?


Ye Qingyu looked at it from afar but did not dare to draw closer, for the aura that the gray copper temple gave off was just too terrifying. It felt as though there was a Fiendgod held captive within.

Furthermore, whoever could leave a palm print and sword mark on such a divine temple had to be quite the remarkable being. Shuddering at the thought, Ye Qingyu knew that the situation was becoming more and more dangerous and that a murderous spirit was lurking under the calm veneer of the Immortal world. There were many things in this world that were beyond one's understanding. One moment of carelessness, mistake, or touch of the wrong thing could spell the end of one's existence.

He continued moving forward.

He came across many divine herbs which were said to only exist during the Fiendgod age. This time, he pulled out a few larger ones without hesitation, as though he was pulling turnips and stored them all in his [Cloud Top Cauldron].

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden looked at Ye Qingyu with disdain at first, but as the divine herbs he pulled out became more and more heaven-defying, this prideful maiden finally could not help herself.

When she thought Ye Qingyu was not looking, she secretly plucked a strand of divine herb that was at least one hundred thousand years old. According to legend, it had been drizzled with the blood of a true Phoenix that had reached nirvana. It clearly proved to be incredibly alluring to this Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

Ye Qingyu had noticed her actions, but did not call her out on it.

He gleefully pulled out the 'carrots' from the ground and left a hole each time he pulled something out. He spotted many divine and rare herbs that only existed in the ancient records and could not be bought with money in the foreign domain. Yet here, they grew like cabbages that lined the road and he managed to land one with every pull. This small place with excellent feng shui was just like the herb garden of the Fiendgods; even if he closed his eyes and simply pulled something out, it would be a priceless treasure.

"My f*cking god, I bet if a pig chewed on the grass here for several days with its eyes closed, it could become a demon king," Ye Qingyu could not help but curse.

He felt like his morals had been eroded by that greedy, dumb dog. Otherwise, he could not have lost his composure so easily.

However, when Ye Qingyu turned back to see the Celestial Phoenix Maiden harvesting those divine herbs with shining eyes, he suddenly felt much better about himself. Since this cold Celestial Phoenix Maiden had lost her cool, he could afford to let himself be a little greedy. He guessed that even a small rabbit which found itself in a pile of carrots would start nibbling at them like crazy.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden sensed Ye Qingyu's gaze on her.

"What are you looking at? Turn around," she commanded coldly even as a blush spread across her pretty face under the Phoenix mask.

"Pfft," Ye Qingyu snorted as he tried to rein in his laughter.

Her words could be easily misunderstood since she was acting as if he had spied on her bathing.

Nonetheless, he still turned back obediently.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden stood rooted to the spot, a herb with its roots still covered in mud still dangling from her hands and for the first time, a strange dazed look crossed her face. She stared at Ye Qingyu's back in anger, clearly understanding why Ye Qingyu had laughed earlier. "I forbid you from ever mentioning this again," she eked out through gritted teeth after a while.

Ye Qingyu's figure folded forward and he used one hand to hold on to his belly.

This was the first time he discovered a different aspect of this prideful maiden.

He was suddenly curious to know what she looked like beneath her Phoenix mask and cool words. From her earlier actions, Ye Qingyu deduced that she was a young girl and could even be of the same age as him.

"Don't worry. I won't speak of this and neither should you ever mention my behavior today to others. I, too, have an identity in Snow... the foreign domain." Ye Qingyu almost let slip that he was someone of importance in Snow Empire as well, but thankfully caught his slip in time. He only made this comment to alleviate the awkwardness this Celestial Phoenix Maiden felt since this was probably the first time she had ever acted like that in her life.

"Humph, I can't be bothered with you," she said as she turned her back to him.

Her voice was finally not as cold as before and now carried a cool aura, just like the taste of mint ice cream, neither sweet nor cloying, cool but not cold.

Ye Qingyu smiled and did not make any further comment.

Just as he was about to bend down to pull out another 'carrot', he noticed the faint glow of space rippling behind the Celestial Phoenix Maiden. It gave off a faint silver glow, just like the glow that the river gave off when sunlight bounced off it.

Then, a black claw that was encircled with black flames stretched out soundlessly from that ripple in space like a ghost and moved, quick as lightning, to pierce the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's back.

Ye Qingyu's expression changed.

"Oh no," he screamed silently.

It was too late now to warn her.

He thought quickly and immediately activated the formation. Almost simultaneously, the True Will of the Sky Dragon appeared behind the Celestial Phoenix Maiden. His palms transformed into a pair of dragon claws, filled with the terrifying power of thunder and lightning. It gave off such an intense purple glow that his dragon claws were hidden from sight as he reached out and grabbed at that black claw.

This time, Ye Qingyu did not hesitate nor hold back.

He threw almost everything he had behind this attack.

After all, in this world, even a tree could kill someone of the Saint realm, let alone someone of his cultivation.

Sizzle!

There was the sound of lard sizzling on a hot plate.

The air was filled with black and purple flames.

The moment Ye Qingyu held that pair of black claws in his hands, he felt an intensely powerful force coming at him. He knew that he would not be able to block it and hastily retreated.

"Damn it."

Someone muttered a soft curse.

This voice sounded extremely familiar.

Ye Qingyu lifted his head and found himself looking into a pair of familiar eyes that were filled with arrogance and quick to anger.

"I'll kill you first since you messed up my plans," the owner of those black claws growled.

A powerful force burst out from those black claws and all of a sudden, Ye Qingyu felt like he was unable to breathe.

Crack!

He heard the sound of bones breaking.

Ye Qingyu's arms twisted in odd angles and then, he was sent flying.

Those black claws followed closely behind and reached out to dig Ye Qingyu's heart out.

At that moment, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden finally came back to her senses.

Swish!

She immediately transformed into a rainbow flowing light and wedged herself between Ye Qingyu and the black claws.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

A powerful explosion sounded and the ripples of the blast swept across the surroundings, destroying all the surrounding vegetation.

Both the rainbow and black figures were engaged in a fierce battle in a ten-meter radius and continued to clash repeatedly like twinkling flowing lights. They moved at incredible speeds and one could not even see what kind of attacks they deployed.

Ye Qingyu landed on the ground and breathed out heavily.

"Damn it," he cursed when he saw that his arms were broken to the point where even his bones could be seen sticking out of them.

He cursed not because of the pain, but because there was no way to heal himself.

The force seeds of the three different kinds of Martial Emperor-level powers were locked in a face-off within him and his inner yuan had stagnated, resulting in his recovery rate slowing down. Up until now, his body was still in its tattered and torn shape, but at least he could still behave like any other ordinary human. Now that his arms were in such a shape, he thought as he let them hang limply, he would have lost the use of his arms for now.

Ye Qingyu's eyes turned red as he looked at the divine-level herbs around him.

"Damn it, I am going to kill this black claw." Without his arms, he could no longer pull out 'carrots' and demon king Ye Qingyu grew anxious.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Dozens of meters away, the sounds of multiple collisions could be heard.

He could not track the movement of either the black or rainbow flowing light.

"Are you alright?" the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's voice rang out from the melee.

He heard the trace of concern in her cool voice.

"I'm fine," Ye Qingyu replied through gritted teeth. "My arms are broken, but don't concern yourself with me. Kill him, I want him dead!"

Ye Qingyu was going crazy with rage now that he could no longer harvest these herbs.

He could also tell that the Celestial; Phoenix Maiden had the upper hand, so he was not too worried.

After some thought, he decided to ignore the ongoing battle and chose a million-year-old purple-gold magic ginseng nearby. He then used his foot to slowly pry it out of the ground and his face to pluck the leaves above. He chewed at it like a carrot and its purplish gold juices flowed out from the corners of his mouth.

Ye Qingyu knew that once the Celestial Phoenix Maiden finished off her opponent, they would need to leave this place as soon as possible since they were not here to harvest herbs in the first place. Besides, he had collected more than enough by now. He also was curious to know where this military medal was leading him to.

As expected, the winner of the battle was soon unveiled.

"Ah!" a scream rang out as the black figure's arms were both hacked off. He hastily retreated and turned into a black fog that escaped through the Void. Instantly, not a trace remained of his aura, but his furious voice still echoed through the Void. "Lowly slave girl, just you wait, I will be back for revenge! Ha ha. Once I have fully absorbed this new force, I will make sure you suffer the worst kind of hell under me. Ha ha ha!"

Ye Qingyu immediately recognized the owner of this voice.

It was Lu Li.

He was surprised that it was Lu Li from Divine Sky Sect.

He had exchanged blows with Lu Li earlier when he rescued Ge Ming and Shui Xiu and although Lu Li's cultivation had been strong, Lu Li had not been his match. However, during their earlier exchange, the strength that had burst from those black claws could only be described as terrifying. His physical body's cultivation had not even managed to block the blow at all, resulting in his arms being broken.

This was definitely not Lu Li's original strength.

The successor of Divine Sky Sect must have had a miraculous encounter in the 18th district.

Lu Li had mentioned absorbing some power earlier; this was probably what he was referring to.

Ye Qingyu could not help but feel slightly depressed at the thought of that.

Even scum like Lu Li had experienced a miraculous encounter resulting in his strength surging, but why was he still like this...

"Are you alright?" He heard the Celestial Phoenix Maiden ask, her voice restored to its earlier cool detachment. He caught a whiff of faint fragrance as she approached him and threw two black arms in front of him.

"Uh, I'm fine..." Ye Qingyu said unintelligibly as he continued to chew on the ginseng with its purplish gold juices still flowing out of his mouth.

"These are for you," the Celestial Phoenix Maiden kicked the black arms she had hacked off Lu Li toward Ye Qingyu.

"Ah? What are these even for?" Ye Qingyu almost choked.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

