Chapter 765:


Chapter 782, What are you looking at?



Wait?

Wait for what?

At first everybody was puzzled, but after a couple of minutes, they all came to understand the meaning of [Quasi Emperor Xiaofei's] word.

Because after the Heaven and earth killing intent had boiled to its craziest peak, like the rise and fall of tides, it began to disappear at a rapid speed. Through the glowing bronze screen that shielded over the ancient city of the Fiendgod Age, the Void that had collapsed was forming back together with a speed visible to the naked eye, and the strange Void formation that was in the broken darkness was slowly appearing again.

But in less than one hour of time, the killing intent of Heaven and earth had completely subsided and everything was restored to a very primitive state. It was exactly the same as when Ye Qingyu and the others had just entered through the Door of Life.

“The... the killing intent of Heaven and earth are all gone, we're safe now?” Fatty Sheng Yan’s voice trembled, an uncontrollable joy across his face, panting loudly.

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

He pointed to the huge black skeletons around them.

Ever since the buildings of the ancient city exuded a glow and formed a magnificent bronze screen to protect the entire ancient city, those tremendous black skeletons had begun to dim, as though they had lost their ferocity and irritability, but they still existed.

These black giants, as if they were huge black demons, stood closely together on the streets of the ancient city of the Fiendgod Age, looking up at the sky, as if in awe, and as if in anticipation, like an army of spirits from hell, waiting for a military order to destroy everything at any time.

Upon a closer look, one would find that in the depths of the eyes of these huge black skeletons there were still frightening black flames burning, flickering slowly. They all seemed conscious, but they also did not really fall into a deep sleep state and would still pose a threat for them.

Of course, with the [Cloud Top Cauldron] around, Ye Qingyu did not have to worry too much about these black skeletons.

What he was most concerned about now is the current state of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

But before he could ask, the old man, who was lying on Sheng Yan's back, moved his eyes again, his dried lips trembling slightly, as he raised his thin bamboo like hand and pointed to a black fiendgod temple in the distance, and squeezed two words out of his throat-----

“Go in.”

Sheng Yan was taken aback, “Old ancestor, you mean... we should go in that temple?”

Ye Qingyu's eyes lit up.

At this time, there was nothing wrong with listening to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

They were only afraid that the Human Race Quasi-emperor would not speak. As long as he occasionally gave a little hint and guidance, that meant that they still had hope to survive.

“Let’s go.”

Ye Qingyu took the lead, activated the [Cloud Top Cauldron], forced the huge black skeletons that were standing closely together between the streets aside, and came to the temple about one thousand meters away.

Without the slightest hesitation, he was the first one to go straight through the main entrance.

There was nothing special about this temple compared to the other buildings in the ancient city.

The inside of the temple was an empty space.

The light was dim.

“Hey, there are no black skeletons here...” Sheng Yan carefully came in, took out a very finely-made licorice root mat from his storage space and seated the old man on his back on the futon. He was a little surprised to find that there were no black skeletons in the temple.

“Not only here, but there are no black skeletons in every building in the ancient city of the Fiendgod Age.” The Little Princess of the Black Demon Race became more talkative. Holding her knees she sat to one side, a little frightened expression in her beautiful big eyes, which was very well covered up to make herself appear calm. “If you look closely, you will find that those black skeletons, even in the most frantic and violent times, would only be running and jumping between buildings, but never into any of the buildings in the ancient city...”

Hearing this sentence, Ye Qingyu was slightly surprised.

Then he thought back to the previous scene; it really was the case.

The interior of the temple was incredibly large and spacious enough to accommodate hundreds of huge black skeletons, but why was it that the black skeletons would never enter the buildings of the ancient city? Was there something in the buildings that made them afraid?

Since entering the temple, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had not said a word, sitting cross-legged on a pedestal of a black pillar and began to run her inner yuan around her body. Evidently, she had consumed much of her inner yuan and had to restore her strength.

They were both women, both born from great powers, but although both were usually cold and haughty, perhaps because of the difference in age, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden was ultimately calmer than the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race.

Snoring noise sounded.

Huh?

Ye Qingyu looked back.

Only to see that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was sitting with his legs crossed on the licorice root mat, dry and sparse grey hair slightly trembling, eyes still tightly closed, and under the support of the bald fatty Sheng Yan, he unexpectedly seemed to be asleep, producing a weak sound of snoring from time to time...

This...

Ye Qingyu choked back down what he wanted to ask.

To tell the truth, although the old man's appearance and state at this time made it difficult to associate him with the legendary [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] who was invincible and moved unhindered across the world, Ye Qingyu still had the utmost respect for the old man.

Yes, it was respect.

Because he knew very well that, if it were not for the special opportunity, under normal circumstances, and given his current status and cultivation, let alone close contact, it was impossible for him to even take a glance at the graceful bearing of the Quasi-emperor from a distance.

After all, the old mad had once dominated the glory of an era and was known as the man closest to the existence of martial arts emperor after the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors Age. He was a legendary person who had been standing at the peak of the sky throughout his life.

But the legendary person had eventually ended up like this.

The old man in front of him looked to have exhausted his life yuan, and was no different to an ordinary person. There was not the slightest fluctuation of power from him. If Ye Qingyu had not seen him turning into a stream of blue light and passed through from the cracks of the grey temple, he really would have found it hard to associate him with a martial arts Quasi-emperor----- no, it would be difficult to even associate him with the image of a martial arts expert.

The bald fatty Sheng Yan was very patient in taking care of the old man.

He was very carefully holding onto him, and even gently fanning his hand, worried that the old man would not sleep well. At this moment, this timid fellow, as if he had forgotten all of his fears and the danger, was extremely satisfied as long as he could accompany the old man.

Ye Qingyu breathed an inward sigh of relief.

It seemed that he could only wait for [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] to wake up.

It can't be rushed.

Operating the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to flee indeed had consumed a lot of yuan qi. He no longer thought of other things, and like the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, sat down cross-legged and began to operate the nameless breathing technique for recovery.

As Ye Qingyu was entering a meditative state, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], who was sleeping soundly, squinted open his eyes, which flickered over Ye Qingyu. A thoughtful look flashed on his face, and then he closed his eyes as snoring noises sounded again.

No one noticed the scene.

The Little Princess of the Black Demon Race did not exercise qi to recover.

She sat quietly hugging her knees, her fair chin propped up against her knees, her long hair hanging down like a waterfall, and was curled up in the same way as a kitten, looking at her feet, lost in thought. Nobody knew what she was thinking, but listening carefully, she seemed to be quietly humming a strange little song, which most of the time only she could hear herself.

Time passed by.

An hour passed in a twinkling.

Ye Qingyu awakened from his rest.

He had completely restored his strength, and his yuan qi was as powerful as a mountain and sea.

Ye Qingyu turned his head around.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden was still in mediation, while [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was sleeping soundly, and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race was still hugging her knees asleep, saliva trickling down the corners of her mouth and a hint of fear across her small and cute face...

Fatty Sheng Yan had unknowingly walked to the door of the temple, his fat body blocking the main hall door, and was suspiciously standing there for some reason.

Ye Qingyu went over.

“What are you looking at?” He patted the fatty on the shoulder.

The fatty suddenly twitched, like a cat was stepped on the tail, all hairs stood up on its end, and almost screamed out loud. Looking back to see that it was Ye Qingyu, he breathed a sigh of relief and made a ‘shh’ gesture, and pointed to the outside of the main hall.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback for a moment, then squeezed through to take a look.

He was also startled.

Without them knowing, the bronze glow released from the ancient city had disappeared, the huge shield above did not exist anymore. The Void was dark, stars twinkling, and was quiet and mysterious. The killing intent of Heaven and earth was no longer felt in the slightest. The rustling noises coming from outside the main hall were of those giant black skeleton bones lined up in a neat formation and brushing along the spirit path of the ancient city heading toward the depths of the tombstone sea of the 18th district...

In contrast to the raging, bloodthirsty, killing madness that erupted before, the huge black skeletons at this moment were as quiet as awakened kittens. The huge heavy bodies marched along the spirit path of the ancient city, like a cat walking across sand, making the faintest sound and were extremely bizarre.

What was even more bizarre was that Ye Qingyu saw a terrifying monster with a body over tens of thousands of meters long that was quietly suspended and gliding in the Void above the spirit path, and, like a towering sacred mountain, was releasing a strange aura. Like the huge eyes of a blood-moon it was staring intently at the huge black skeleton army that was moving neatly forward on the spirit path, as if monitoring these skeletons.

“That's... Suanni, the mythological beast Suanni?”

Ye Qingyu's jaw dropped.

He recognized that the gigantic beast suspended in the Void was Suanni, one of the nine offspring of the legendary dragon. The battle pet of the Storm Emperor back then was also a pure-blooded Suanni. He never had thought that today he would be able to see the divine beast of the Fiendgod Age.

No, where did this Suanni come from?

Ye Qingyu found it unbelievable.

The bald fatty Sheng Yan sensed Ye Qingyu's puzzlement, but did not speak. Instead, he raised his finger to point to the Suanni beast in the sky, then at a huge black base at the edge of the spirit path thousand of meters outside of the temple gate.

That is?

Ye Qingyu looked at the huge black base, which vaguely felt a little familiar, as if he had seen it somewhere before.

“The stone statue... the stone statue is resurrected.” Seeing the bewildered look on Ye Qingyu's face, he uttered in a lowered tone of voice.

A snow white bolt of lightning flashed across Ye Qingyu's mind.

He understood.

“How is that possible?” Ye Qingyu was in utter shock.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 766:


Chapter 783, Came out



At that moment, Ye Qingyu suddenly understood what Sheng Yan meant by ‘the stone statue came to life’——The stone statues of the nine offspring of the dragon god had been resurrected.

On the way here, Ye Qingyu already noticed that the strange statues of the nine offspring of the dragon god on both sides of the spirit path were lifelike, carved by a master, and that the lines and aura of the divine statues seemed to contain the laws of Heaven and earth. They were evidently not ordinary objects. Moreover, because the eyes of these nine statues were closed, Ye Qingyu almost fell into an illusion and was killed as a result of his curiosity——Fortunately the Celestial Phoenix Maiden came to his rescue just in time.

In Ye Qingyu's mind, the statues of the  nine offspring of the dragon god, just like the statues of the four ferocious beasts of Heaven and earth, contained great secrets.

But he never thought that the secret was that these thirteen divine statues could come to life. Under normal circumstances they were petrified on both sides of the spirit path, but once the killing intent of heaven and earth broke out, the giant black skeleton monsters would escape the suppression of the tombstones. They would climb out of the ground, and would come to life in order to maintain order in the ancient city.

Just now, the fatty was very bored and had nothing to do, so he ran to the door of the temple to observe the black skeletons outside. He happened to see the resurrection process of the Suanni statue on the huge black base, which was why he said ‘the stone statue is alive’.

Ye Qingyu's eyes fell on the huge mountain-like body of the Suanni beast in the distant Void with indescribable shock.

Although it was impossible to determine whether the tremendous beast was really an ancient divine beast, or was transformed from some kind of remarkable power, the pressure and power it exuded was the same as the wrath of the heavens, so real and equally terrifying. Even the aura of a Saint expert in the face of such an ancient beast would be as insignificant as an ant.

He looked further into the distance.

Faintly, he could see that in the distant clouds there were other tremendous bodies in the sky, exuding an aura just as terrifying as the Suanni beast. He also could faintly make out that there were other sons of the divine dragon.

It was not just the Suanni statue.

All other nine offspring of the dragon god had come to life.

This confirmed Ye Qingyu's previous speculation.

It was also even more unbelievable to Ye Qingyu.

The nine offspring of the dragon god were existences that ruled the ancient times. Even if it was a statue that was not yet resurrected, Ye Qingyu still almost lost his soul by looking into its eyes. Now that it was resurrected, it was like the birth of a fiendgod. A terrifying existence like that had been guarding this ancient city for tens of thousands of years, and after awakening, it was still like a protector, cruising across the sky and monitoring the army of huge black skeletons...
This, who was it that did this?

Legend had it that even the great martial artists, such as the Storm Emperor, could only treat the Suanni beast as a companion, like a loved one. From this it was obvious how terrifying the status the ancient divine beast had.

But the nine great mythological beasts were being driven around the ancient city like guards. What kind of frightening existence could be able to do this?

Ye Qingyu couldn't help trembling inwardly.

He drew a deep breath and lifted his feet to step outside of the temple, trying to verify some speculations...

But the bald fatty Sheng Yan stopped him, “Brother, what are you going to do? You can’t go out, it's very dangerous.”

Ye Qingyu looked at the fatty.

The fatty raised his right hand, which was still bloodied and mutilated, as if he had been crushed by some kind of unstoppable force, and said with a grimace, “When you were all operating yuan qi to recover, I was curious so I took a step outside. Guess what happened?”

“What?” Ye Qingyu really wanted to slap the fatty who liked to keep listeners in suspense to death.

The fatty answered in a serious tone of voice, “As long as we stand in this temple, those black skeletons don't seem to be able to find us, but once we step out... Well, they're like dogs smelling the smell of poop. They resume their previous mania and rush over... I've tested it several times.”

Ye Qingyu had a thoughtful look on his face when he heard this.

After the fatty carefully described the situation, Ye Qingyu finally decided to go out to try in person. As expected, just as he had taken a step out, the black skeletons that were originally neatly advancing along the spirit path immediately sensed his existence, issued a frenzied roar, and charged toward Ye Qingyu, erupting with merciless killing intent.

Ye Qingyu lasted for approximately three seconds before he had to return into the temple.

The black skeletons' combat power was extremely terrifying. Their strength was infinite, and was impossible to be wounded with inner yuan, as if they were immune to the power of yuan qi. Only physical strength could cause damage to them. For many martial artists, such opponents were simply a nightmare. Ye Qingyu had erupted out with all of his power to only manage to shatter one of the finger bones of a black skeleton...

“No wonder...”

Returning to the temple, Ye Qingyu gazed at the group of black skeletons who fell into confusion after losing their target and then continued to march forward across the spirit path, and came to understand why [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] told them to come to this temple first. That way they could avoid these frightening skeletons.

It was no wonder why he saw broken black bones as well as the peerless geniuses who had eventually perished on the fighting sites in the ancient city. The geniuses must have encountered these skeletons when they came to the 18th district, and after a bitter battle were finally defeated. In the face of these endless opponents, even the supreme being of the Dragon Blood God Court , who possessed the divine object [Dragon Blood Halberd], had perished.

After sighing sorrowfully, Ye Qingyu's face was suddenly twisted again.

He suddenly realized that if these black skeletons continued to march constantly, they would be trapped in the temple and most likely not be able to leave any time soon.

If it wasn't for the matter of the Heaven Wasteland Domain rating, Ye Qingyu did not have to worry about being trapped for too long, but now he was concerned about Yu Xiaoxing and the rest of his group. If he were trapped here for too long, then Heaven Wasteland Domain would most likely fail the assessment. The consequences were disastrous.

Ye Qingyu was burning with worry.

But even thinking it through from different ways, there seemed to be no solution at all. The situation in front of him was far beyond the limit of his powers.

Time went by.

At first Ye Qingyu was pacing back and forth at the door, but finally he came to a halt.

His heart gradually calmed down again.

He knew that it was no use being anxious.

Only with a calm mind would there be hope.

Sitting cross-legged at the doorway of the temple, he swept his eyes back and forth over the army of endless black skeletons, before his line of sight was finally focused on the huge Suanni statue in the distant sky. Ye Qingyu felt that the huge body contained a strange aura, and then unconsciously, his thoughts began to fall into a silent state. He had entered a strange state of nothingness.

The bald fatty revealed a hint of astonishment and envy upon seeing the sight.

They were both martial artists, and as the descendant of the Quasi-emperor, he looked at things the same way as he did. Then like Ye Qingyu, he sat cross-legged at the door, following the direction of Ye Qingyu's gaze, but no matter how many times he looked, that Suanni beast was still a Suanni beast, although with unmatched power, it gave him no enlightenment.

After a full hour without the slightest gain, the fatty could only give up bitterly, and returned into the temple to take care of the weak [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

Time passed by rapidly.

An unknown amount of time had passed.

Ye Qingyu's still body suddenly shook. His eyes shot open, and within his eyes there was actually contained mist of chaos, flickering with strange images, as though there was an invisible brush drawing something in them. Eventually everything vanished in the depths of his eyes.

At this time, he gradually came to his senses. Vaguely feeling that something was not right, he looked around and was startled right away.

In front of him.

Outside the temple door.

A skinny, twig-like figure stood there silently.

His clothes were old and ragged, like a wind-eroded sack. His hair was grey and sparse, body trembling and shaky, as though he would collapse at any time, but was standing very straight like a javelin, giving a very strange visual impact.

What made Ye Qingyu shocked was that this figure was clearly standing outside the temple, but for some reason, the army of black skeletons on the spirit path turned a blind eye to him and did not launch an attack at him.

“It's [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]!”

Ye Qingyu instantly recognized the skinny figure.

He looked back to see that Sheng Yan, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race were standing behind him with expressions of shock and anticipation as they stared at [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

“Old ancestor said that when you wake up, we'll go...” The bald fatty's eyes were glowing when he saw that Ye Qingyu had woken up.

“Go? Where?” Ye Qingyu exclaimed.

At this time——

“You're awake?”

Outside the main hall, the voice that came was a little hoarse and a little shaky. It seemed to be a little breathless, but there was a calming feeling to it.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] spoke again.

It was different to the previous times when he struggled to spit out a word. This time his words were clear, though it still sounded difficult for him, but it was enough to fully express his meaning.

“Elder, I...” Ye Qingyu subconsciously answered, not knowing what else to say. He did not know how long he had fallen into that strange state, and did not know what exactly had happened during this time. It was clear to him that the Quasi-emperor's condition was much better than before.

“Well, observing the divine intent of Suanni, the mind submerges into a tacit comprehension... Yes, no wonder you can obtain that thing.” Although [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was praising Ye Qingyu, he did not turn his head back at all.

He swept an emotional gaze across the ancient city, whether it was reluctance to leave or whether it was exhaustion, he let out a low sigh in the end.

“I stayed here for too long, it's time to go out. I wonder how the outside world is now. Those old friends, are they still around...” [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] muttered to himself in a shaky voice and then said, “Let's go.”

Before his voice faded.

A burst of soft green light surged out of the skinny old man's body.

Before Ye Qingyu and the others were able to react, everything blurred and there was the same feeling of going through the spatial transportation formation.

The next moment.

The scene before him changed again, there was a familiar bloody smell in the air, and then an even more familiar fluctuation of the Law of heaven and earth that shook Ye Qingyu's body, as he looked around in disbelief.

Fierce Beast Peak!

Surprisingly... they came to the Fierce Beast Peak.

That's it…? It was so easy to come out of the 18th
district
?



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 767:


Chapter 784, Stirring wind

Ye Qingyu was completely shaken.

He originally thought that after endless mountains and rivers, which left doubt on whether there was a path out, he was doomed to die in the 18th district. He was already prepared for the worst but unexpectedly in the end it was actually so easy to get out. There was just a flash of brilliance. It was simply simpler than the most common transportation portal.

Was this the remarkable ability of the Quasi-emperor?

And it was a Quasi-emperor who looked so weak.

One thought of his could turn the sky and earth upside down.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race had the same expression across their faces, an unconcealable shock in their beautiful eyes. Could it be that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had completely recovered? It seemed like the 18th district was just like his back garden, he could come and go as he wanted. Then why was [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] trapped in the Black Demon Abyss for such a long time?

The bald fatty Sheng Yan was trembling slightly.

It was not because of fear.

But because of joy.

The bald fellow, ever since [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was rescued from the grey bronze temple, he did not appear to have anything to say but was in fact very sensitive. For him, to be able to see the old ancestor was a gift from Heaven. As to whether the ancestor could restore his remarkable ability of the past, he did not think too much about it. He just felt a burst of bitterness and heartache seeing the skinny twig-like appearance of his ancestor.

But now he knew that although his ancestor was in such a state he still possessed the remarkable ability that he had in the past.

In great joy, the bald fatty was unable to contain his excitement.

On the Fierce Beast Peak, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] stood there quietly.

He stood at the front, feet treading on the ground and his body straight. His clothes were old and torn, hair dry and sparse, and his thin body was like a dried up orange. There was not the slightest fluctuation of yuan qi coming from him, as if a gust of wind could blow him away.  His head hung low, looking at the ground.

The soil that was contaminated with the blood of countless experts, in the eyes of others was without the slightest value, but to the old man’s eyes, it was like the most beautiful and touching treasures of time. It firmly attracted his attention, as he stood there quietly staring at it motionless.

And almost at the same time, brilliance surged on the Fierce Beast Peak, figures from all sides appeared, each exuding a tyrannical aura.

It had been three days since the dark Doors of Life were completely closed. Some forces had left, while others were still waiting here, holding onto that last glimmer of hope, and some forces had not retreated completely because of other reasons and left some people behind to wait here.

Even on the Taowu Mountain Range there was still a sense of great chaos and disorder.

When Ye Qingyu and the others showed up, the changes in the Void and the green light were not considered violent and powerful, but still caught a lot of people's attention. The people who have been hiding in the dark appeared one after another, quickly gathering around the top of Fierce Beast Peak.

And after seeing the figures of Ye Qingyu and the others, they immediately realized that a shocking thing was going to happen.

Because someone recognized the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race.

The two female heaven’s pridelings who were believed to have died in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss appeared out of nowhere. What did that mean? The fact that they were able to escape after the Doors of Life had closed was definitely a shocking event that was going to stir the thousands of domains. Since ancient times, it was the first time that they heard that someone had escaped from the 18th district after the Doors of Life were closed.

For a moment, countless eyes fell on Ye Qingyu and the others.

Among them, there were some experts of the Black Demon Race.

“Your highness, you... are back?” A black brilliance flashed as dozens of Black Demon Race experts turned into streams of light and reappeared next to the Little Princess. They were overjoyed. In the past three days, the Black Demon Race was turned upside down because of this little aunt. The current Black Demon Emperor did not even hesitate to trigger the Black Demon Race's ancestral device to break the rule and enter the 18th district to find her, but in the end was stopped by the several guardian elders.

“Yes,” the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race nodded.

“The several Lords of the Martial Hall are nearby, your Highness, why don't we join them...” A Black Demon Race expert suggested.

Several other Black Demon Race experts echoed what he said.

The safe return of the little aunt was a great joy to the whole Black Demon Race, but now Fierce Beast Peak of Taowu Mountain Range was not a safe place. That day the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect and Third Prince of the Kaiyang Imperial Court also encountered attacks as they were leaving Fierce Beast Peak, suffering heavy loses as a result. That battle caused giant earthquakes and landslides. Moreover, it was said that a few Saint experts had fallen, so their priority right now was to protect the Little Princess. If, under their protection, anything were to happen to the Little Princess, they could not redeem themselves even with their death.

“Let the people of the Martial Hall come to see me.” The voice of the Little Princess was unquestionably icy cold. After coming out of the 18th district, she seemed to have resume the former high-minded Little Princess attitude. There was no longer that gentleness that they saw from her in the ancient city.

Swoosh!

A special signal flame shot up, lighting up the sky of Fierce Beast Peak.

Upon the sight of that signal, Black Demon Race experts within thousands of miles came rushing and gathered around Fierce Beast Peak of Taowu Mountain Range like the tide.

Several Black Demon Race experts surrounded the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race with an extremely vigilant expression.

More and more figures appeared.

All were surging with an extremely powerful aura.

“Unbelievable, someone else came out of the 18th district.”

“How did that happen... The Little Princess of the Black Demon Race, Celestial Phoenix Maiden... Hey, who are the other three people? The old man who looks ill seems to be an ordinary man.”

“This matter is kind of strange.”

“Perhaps the Little Princess has some sort of secret treasure.”

“No, three days ago the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect said that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race had died in the hands of a human scum called Ye Qingyu? How, did they... come out alive again?”

“Yes, who is that old man, he looks unfamiliar, the clothes he wears... seem to be the style of three thousand or four thousand years ago, it is so ragged... No, I remember when the dark Door of Life opened, there wasn't such a person!” someone said in a low voice.

The several people that were determined to have died had all of a sudden appeared on the Fierce Beast Peak. Such a scene was so bizarre that many people stood there puzzled for a moment.

Just then, someone suddenly made a gasp.

“It's him...” A black armoured man who looked thirty or forty years old, holding a glittering Domain Alliance wanted list in his hand, pointed to Ye Qingyu in shock, and cried out, “He's Ye Qingyu, the [Ice Sword Killing God], the scum of Heaven Wasteland Domain, he... came out!”

In an instant, all of gazes shifted to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu frowned slightly.

Then, almost at the same time, some of the other people also took out a Domain Alliance wanted list, and sure enough, the list began to twinkle with a warning brilliance. As they opened the wanted list, on the page about Ye Qingyu there were many information about him, as well as a lot of formation projection portraits, including his appearance in different periods and his various disguises.

At this time, Ye Qingyu did not change his appearance.

The changes from the ancient city to the outside of the Fierce Beast Peak was too sudden that Ye Qingyu did not have time to react, and that he simply did not have time to disguise himself.

His identity had been exposed.

Ye Qingyu faintly felt that the situation was not too good.

And it was at this point that someone was already in a hurry to attack.

Boom!

A huge flame shaped palm broke through the clouds, slamming down directly from thousand of meters above. There were a total of four fingers, fast as lightning as it mercilessly struck Ye Qingyu as though to crush him where he was.

Ye Qingyu shook his head and counterattacked with a punch.

A transparent fist seal shot out, instantly expanded, and sped across thousand of meters like a bolt of lightning until it turned to a size that was equal to that of the huge flame palm. It was like coloured glass. The fist and palm collided at more than five hundred meters above.

Boom!

The sky shook and the ground rumbled.

Broken flames sputtered.

The giant flame palm was blown directly to pieces.

The experts around all had a sudden change of expression.

The strength of both sides was extremely strong, equally terrifying. Some people who knew that they would be no match against these two had begun to retreat to avoid being impacted during the fierce battle.

“Culprit, dare to fight back?” A loud, majestic voice came from above the Void, containing shock and fury.

“I was framed, there is a misunderstanding, I will go explain to the Domain Alliance myself.” Ye Qingyu spoke loud and clear, his voice resounding across the Taowu Mountain Range. “Please don't be impatient, don’t become a chess piece.”

Now that things have reached this point, there was no point in hiding anymore. Ye Qingyu might as well face it directly.

“Hahahaha... lies!” The laughter was full of ridicule and disdain, rumbling like a rolling thunder, “Every man on the wanted list of Domain Alliance says that he is framed, but is a murderer guilty of terrible crimes! Ye Qingyu, surrender now and the Heaven Wasteland Domain will be free from calamity. Otherwise, disaster will fall upon Heaven Wasteland Domain, at that time you will wish that you were dead.”

“Disaster will fall upon Heaven Wasteland Domain?” Ye Qingyu flashed a hint of anger in his eyes. “You talk big, what qualifications do you have to say this... I repeat, I was framed. The truth will naturally come to light in the future, if you push me to a corner, then I also have to defend myself.”

“Haha, die!” That voice burst into wild laughter, then another great flame palm erupted in a blaze of light like a meteor falling, containing an incomparably imposing manner as it aimed directly at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was about to attack.

At that time, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden suddenly took a step forward, standing shoulder to shoulder with Ye Qingyu. Under the Phoenix mask, the beautiful and full red lips were slightly curved and a flame as fine as a finger slowly flew out, shooting toward the giant flame palm.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 768:


Chapter 785, The pretty boy is so popular

That wisp of flame looked weak and was only the thickness of a finger. In comparison to the giant flame palm it was not even one thousandth of its size, but in the moment of contact it suddenly flashed a blinding brilliance and engulfed the giant flame, incinerating it into ashes.

This scene was incredibly bizarre.

The giant flame palm was already incomparably blazing, but was still incinerated by the little wisp of flame?

What was going on?

Before the crowd could react, they heard a tragic scream echoing in the Void.

A figure leaped out of the ripples of the Void, his palm was in flames, and a look of horror and panic was across his face as he tried to extinguish the fiery light, but it was to no avail. That person was dressed in a red combat robe, his hair also a scarlet red colour, and was exuding a strong fiery aura. It was obvious that he was a Heaven Ascension expert with fire attributes.

“It's Spiritual Master Raging Flames!”

“One of the seven great elders of the God of Fire Sect of Fire Domain? He is rumoured to be born with a fiery spirit body and can control fire, as well as immune to fire. The person who attacked just now was him? But just now his hand was wounded by fire, and he was screaming incessantly... that's strange.”

“Nothing is strange, he met an even stronger manipulator of fire.”

For a moment, all of the experts were discussing spiritedly.

In the end, Spiritual Master Raging Flames snapped off his palm and broke his wrist, just to avoid being incinerated by the terrifying power of the flame. His [Great Flame Palm Seal] was broken by the opponent and was swallowed up. Surprised and furious, he looked down and instantly recognized that it was the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, and fumed, “You... does the Phoenix Race want to shield the wanted man of the Domain Alliance?”

A huge label was directly put on her.

On the ground.

The mask on the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's face was cold and stiff.

But her eyes were colder than the mask.

It was as though all the matters in this world, even if the sky were to collapse, could not trigger those clear but cold eyes to waver in the slightest. In the face of Spiritual Master Raging Flames’ accusation, she quietly stood there shoulder to shoulder with Ye Qingyu, and then slightly opened her mouth——

“Get lost.”

Her voice was sharp and clear.

She was simply too lazy to explain, and also did not want to explain.

The corners of Ye Qingyu's mouth were slightly curled up.

This personality of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden was the Celestial Phoenix Maiden that everyone knew of, the invincible female heaven's prideling who had dominated the world. The Celestial Phoenix Maiden of the 18th district would perhaps only exist in Ye Qingyu's memory in the future.

“You...” Spiritual Master Raging Flames gritted his teeth.

Although he was an elder, had made a name for himself earlier than her, and had great powers behind him, but in the face of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, a peerless genius of the younger generation, he was still somewhat fearful and lacked confidence. But he could not lose face in front of so many fellow martial artists.

“Good, good, good,” Spiritual Master Raging Flames clenched his teeth as he viciously uttered these three words. “The Phoenix Race had cultivated an unmatched heaven’s pride who also has courage. Since you want to protect this criminal, then I will give face to the Phoenix Race and not question you for now. I hope that when the Law Enforcement experts of the Domain Alliance come, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden can still be so tough.”

With that, Spiritual Master Raging Flames turned into a stream of light and left.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden still wore a cold expression and gave no response.

She did not take the threat of Spiritual Master Raging Flames to heart at all.

Ye Qingyu expressed his gratitude in a low voice.

At this moment, there were more and more figures gathered around. It was evident that the news of the changes on Fierce Beast Peak had spread completely, and many experts who heard the news had frantically rushed over.

“Big brother, let's go, let's get out of here first,” the bald fatty quietly suggested.

The fatty felt very uneasy being stared at by so many eyes. There was also an important reason for this, and that was because the Quasi-emperor had gained too many enemies from when he moved unhindered across the world, dominated the world, and had killed countless races that were enemies of the Human Race. The Quasi-emperor's state was extremely weak, and if the enemy forces were to come upon hearing the news, then it would be very dangerous for the Quasi-emperor. It was incredibly hard to save the old ancestor from the 18th district, so he must not make any mistakes.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, and was just about to say something.

That was when——

“Go? Where are you going?” A sinister voice sounded, “Whoever dares to shield the wanted man of the Domain Alliance will be treated as an accomplice and guilty of the same crime. Today various forces, elites and experts had gathered on the Fierce Beast Peak. Could a lowly citizen of a lower domain escape? What a joke!”

The voice was erratic, but was extremely sinister, and the bewitching intent in his words made all the people have a change of expression.

Although many people had heard that the speaker was deliberately inciting conflict, but they had to admit that this person was very right. At this time there were thousands of experts of major races across the Fierce Beast Peak, and if a wanted person on the Domain Alliance wanted list could escape under such circumstances, then the experts here today would most likely become a laughingstock of the world.

Ye Qingyu scrunched his brows together.

This really would not work. They really should run away instantly.

He was about to say something to the people around him, when a black brilliance flashed and a strange black demonic force surged. Before everybody was able to react, a figure fell in front of Ye Qingyu, struggling desperately. The body was wrapped in ropes made of Black Demon qi, which completely sealed his body. His mouth and nose were also blocked by Black Demon qi so that he couldn't say anything.

A flash of black light followed.

The figure of the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race appeared.

“Fanning the flames, secretly inciting conflict,” The pride of the Black Demon Race tread on that figure, looking down at him condescendingly, while pointing to Ye Qingyu as she said, “This person, my Black Demon Race will protect him, if you have something to say then say it out loud, why are you hiding in the shadows. You have bad intentions. Die!”

Her voice faded.

That Black Demon rope tightened, and with a flash of light there were instantly sounds of flesh being cut into pieces. The flesh and blood were then instantly corroded by the Black Demon qi, turned into a pool of smoke, and dissipated with the wind.

After all of this, the proud little girl clapped her hands and came over to stand on the other side of Ye Qingyu, also shoulder to shoulder. She did not show the slightest hesitation to stand together with Ye Qingyu to face the various complex gazes.

She had stated her stance with her own actions.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback for a moment, then the corners of his mouth were slightly curved.

The little girl really was kind and righteous, and knew how to repay favours.

However, she really was ruthless, showing no hesitation to kill.

It wasn't until this moment that the people reacted. The figure that was killed was the owner of the voice that spoke before. Although he used some kind of sound transmission to speak, making it extremely difficult for others to locate him, but they were situated in the Black Demon Abyss. It was incredibly easy for the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race to find someone on her own territory.

Many people were shocked by the strength of the Little Princess. During that moment of attack most people only saw a dark brilliance, and did not see clearly the specific trajectory of her figure.

Of course, the most shocking thing was that the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race actually helped Ye Qingyu.

What was going on?

Didn't the Saintess of Jade Pearl Sect say that Ye Qingyu had launched a sneak attack on the Little Princess?

Even an idiot would realize that there was a problem with that.

Looking at the two female heaven's pridelings standing side by side with Ye Qingyu, the people who were prepared to deal with Ye Qingyu had to quietly put away that thought. The actions of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race had already, in the most direct way, showed their force and stance. The deterrent strength of these two women were not only due to their cultivation level and fighting power, but also because of the fact that they represented one of the most powerful forces in the world.

The Phoenix Race and the Black Demon Race were the upper races of the world, and which martial arts emperors had emerged from before. Both could be counted as imperial clans. Therefore, nobody dared to underestimate them.

Moreover, they were in the Black Demon Abyss, a territory of the Black Demon Race. If the Black Demon Race wanted to protect Ye Qingyu, then no one could touch him, even if the higher levels of the Domain Alliance came, they would still have to think the matter over first.

Why would these two women want to protect that young man?

Could it be?

Many gazes swept up and down Ye Qingyu, as though they had guessed something.

What age is this? Why would a little pretty boy be so popular? This lower domain guy really is amazing in picking up girls. They were only in the 18th district for just three days but he had managed to win the affection of two female heaven's pridelings, and one of which was a twelve- or thirteen-year-old girl?

For a moment, the atmosphere was strange.

Ye Qingyu sensed the strange gazes fixed on him. Some people's expression even turned ambiguous as they looked at him and the two female experts. After a moment of confusion, he finally understood.

Damn you guys, you really have overthought this situation..

He opened his mouth and was about to explain ‘you misunderstood, in fact, I and these two girls did not have an affair’, but when the words came to his lips, he suddenly felt that it was inappropriate. If he really were to say that out loud, it would be equivalent to yellow mud being smeared on his crotch——no matter whether it was shit or not. Therefore, he quickly shut up.

No matter what, he should get out of here first.

From the looks of it, the two female heaven's pridelings had already shocked everyone. There should be no one that dared to block them, right?

Ye Qingyu cast a glance at bald fatty Sheng Yan, “Let's go, let's get out of here first...”

Before his voice faded.

“Haha, don't go, you should stay.” A voice resounded in the Void, a strong unmatched power surged, and silver flames rippled across the sky as a figure slowly descended. The aura unique to a Saint level expert filled the air, and in a flash, the air on the whole Fierce Beast Peak seemed to have solidified.

It was a Saint level expert.

He was holding a silver and blue water bottle that was the thickness of a child's arm, and was flickering with silver glossy formations that were flowing out like water, dense, endless, and like a number of silver dragons hovering about. In the blink of an eye, the Void around Fierce Beast Peak was completely sealed up.

It was a very terrifying formation.

The glow of the rapidly twinkling silver runes gathered together, sealing off the heavens and the earth. It was as though a huge silver basin was inverted between Heaven and earth, cutting off the possible escape routes on Fierce Beast Peak.

An intense killing intent burst forth from the eyes of the Little Princess.

“Jade Pearl Sect!”

She stared at the radiant Saint expert in the Void, clenching her fists tight.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

