Chapter 653:


Chapter 671, An army of one person reached the city gates



The demon guards, who surrounded the outside of the Xuan Ice Demon Tower and only looked steadily forward, were similar looking to a human, but maintained the distinctive characteristic of their own race. It was clear that in this sacred place of the Demon Race, there were many strong demon experts who were incredibly proud of their own race, looking solemn and imposing.

After a brief conversation.

Deputy General White Bear gave a cupped fist salute to Ye Qingyu, “Palace Lord Ye, we have arrived. His majesty Demon King has issued an order to see you alone in this Xuan Ice Demon Tower, please come in.”

Ye Qingyu raised his head, studying the Xuan Ice Demon Tower.

According to the information from the Imperial Military, the Xuan Ice Demon Tower was not the imperial palace of the Demon Race, yet the Snow Demon King chose to meet with him here. It was nothing more than to use the mysterious force in the Xuan Ice to maintain self-confidence, and in case matters resorted to violence. This was understandable, but he had already lost in imposing manner.

For so many years, he perhaps was the first official of the Snow Empire to come into the depths of the tower, right?

Sometimes destiny was so mysterious.

Ye Qingyu gave a smile and entered through the gate of the Xuan Ice Demon Tower.

He had only stepped into the palace, when he already felt a strange aura surging, like a dark tide, and was instantly drawn by the markings carved on the thousands of years old icy rock walls.

The layers of ice in the tower of ice were all tens of thousands of years old, strengthened with demon markings. Emitting a biting cold air, the solid and firm ice could be said to be impenetrable.

Even more peculiar was that the misty markings that were surging among the ice walls, all of which were covered by a layer of faint silver halo of light.

Ye Qingyu carefully observed these demon markings and mist, and found that these strange markings were not like the patterns that the Human Race carved onto architecture as decoration, but more like an ancient, mysterious language formation that was constantly being strengthened.

He walked all the way down the ice crystal passage to the depths of the palace.

In front of Ye Qingyu, were the twelve giant pillars often seen in a palace.

It was only that these pillars were not engraved with golden dragons or phoenix patters like those of other palaces. They were twelve completely unpolished natural icicles. The icicles, injected with silver runes, exuded a faint silver light, which wrapped round the twelve pillars, like an ice beauty in silk.

This was clearly an extremely mysterious demon pillar formation.

Ye Qingyu could vaguely feel that these pillars could trigger the power of the Demon God's blood in the Xuan Ice. It was arranged extremely exquisitely.

He strolled slowly passed the ice pillars.

They eventually came to the deepest part of the demon tower.

There was a mysterious and strange silver glow projecting from the distant Xuan Ice Demon walls

On the huge nine dragons throne, sat a figure with a very similar appearance to a human body. Quietly sitting on this huge throne, silhouetted against the light, his face was not clear and there was only a general outline, but, perhaps it was Ye Qingyu’s misperception, this figure exuded loneliness and a dispirited feeling. He was like an old man hiding in the shadows, unwilling to see people, gloomy and lifeless.

This was the Snow Ground Demon King?

A legendary figure of the Demon Race who had been standing opposite the Snow Empire for nearly one hundred years.

An existence known as one of the five most powerful figures in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Just that, this blurred figure radiated an aura that was not quite the same as the high and mighty Snow Ground Demon King, who ruled an area and could decide the fate of millions of living beings, that Ye Qingyu had imagined.

That was when——

“Ye Qingyu, you're finally here.”

A sonorous and powerful voice, but mixed with a hint of sadness, came from the throne.

“I'm here.”

Ye Qingyu strode toward the throne, passing through the thin flowing icy mist, and came to a stop hundred of meters before the throne.

Upon a closer look.

The demon god throne created from ice was emitting a white brilliance, giving a kind of jade-like illusion, and integrating as one with the whole Xuan Ice Demon Tower. In the midst of the strange white light, nine kinds of ancient demonic power were slowly diffusing, highlighting the sacredness and nobility of the entire throne. On the throne, a white-haired and beard old man with an incomparable majesty was clothed in a white and gold robe. His slender hand similar to a flying beast's claw was gently placed on the armrest of the throne.

His purple eyes were moving around faintly, carefully studying Ye Qingyu below the platform.

Ye Qingyu was also looking up at him.

The two shared a glance, but there were no sparks or frictions as expected.

The eyes of the Snow Ground Demon King, were unexpectedly calm and gentle. This gentleness also contained a hint of weariness, but without the slightest hostility. Looking at Ye Qingyu, it was as if he was looking at a younger generation, rather than a great minister of an enemy state.

Ye Qingyu cupped one fist in the other, saying, “I pay respect to Demon King.”

“En, I have heard a lot about you Palace Lord Ye.” The Demon King was still sitting upright on the throne, and did not move, saying indifferently, “I am the host, you are a guest, guests follow the arrangement of the host, please sit down.”

Before his voice faded.

The icy ground before Ye Qingyu suddenly silently raised into a round ice seat, ordinary and plain, but surging with a wisp of faint ice flame.

It was the [Supreme Ice Flame]?

The Snow Ground Demon King had also mastered the [Supreme Ice Flame]?

Ye Qingyu was a little surprised.

But very shortly he realized that this one wisp of the [Supreme Ice Flame] was extremely weak, mottled, and impure. There was a clear gap between the [Supreme Ice Flame] that he had mastered.

Moreover, Ye Qingyu also realized that this wisp of mottled [Supreme Ice Flame] was not necessarily controlled by the Snow Ground Demon King, but likely to be contained within the Xuan Ice Demon Tower. If he was away from this demon tower, then most likely the Snow Ground Demon King would not be able to control it.

He gave a smile, sitting upright on the ice chair.

“The last time I saw a human appear in my Demon God Snow Mountain was roughly a year ago, I thought no human would ever appear on this demon clan sacred land again.” The Snow Ground Demon King's tone was surprisingly calm.

Ye Qingyu knew that he was referring to the battle of the Light Palace in the Snow capital. The imperial family of the Snow Empire secretly fought back, sneaked into the Demon God Snow Mountain, and destroyed the little domain gate that the Snow Ground Demon Court had controlled.

Things change with the passage of time, but the Demon King evidently still took the matter to heart.

“Maybe in the future, there will be more humans appearing here,” Ye Qingyu agreed, “I believe that Your Majesty has read the document that the Crown Prince had sent and know of my intention of coming here today. As long as Your Majesty agrees to our Empire's proposal, not only will the Human Race appear in the Demon God Snow Mountain, the Demon Race may also walk and settle in Snow capital. Is that not a good thing?”

“Haha, the ambition of the Human Race Crown Prince is a little too big,” the Snow Ground Demon King sneered. “Even the founding great ancestor of the Snow Empire who was remarkable and powerful had not successfully achieved this.”

“The great ambition that has not been fulfilled by our ancestors is exactly what we descendants will do.” Ye Qingyu smiled. “Your Majesty has torch-like eyes, can see what others cannot, you should see that the proposal of the Crown Prince can greatly benefit the Demon Race.”

“Greatly benefit?” the Demon King asked in response, sighing. Thinking of the proposal mentioned on the document, it was indeed tempting. “Perhaps beneficial, but the premise of these benefits, is for my Snow Ground Demon Race to bow before the Snow Empire’s Human Race. The price is too much. “

Ye Qingyu responded firmly when he heard these words, “To have a gain, one will have to pay. In this world, there is no such thing as eating for free. The key is whether the gain and the pay is proportional. The territory of the Snow Ground Demon Race can be called the harshest place in Heaven Wasteland Domain. These years, how much the demon clan had developed, I’m sure Your Majesty knows more than anyone else. Besides heading down South, the Demon Race has no other good plan, but Lu Zhaoge’s Youyan’s army has been guarding the South gate for decades, and the Demon Race had failed to move one step further. In the long term, the decline of the Snow Ground Demon Race is only a matter of time. The Crown Prince of the Snow Empire is willing to open Youyan Pass, to eliminate the barrier between the Human Race and Demon Race, allowing the Demon Race to walk the land of the Snow Empire. No matter from what perspective, it is more favorable to the Demon Race, isn't it?”

“On the surface, it may seem favorable, but who knows if in a hundred of years later, whether or not the blood of the Snow Ground Demon Race can be protected, and not be assimilated by your Human Race.” The Snow Ground Demon King's gaze was like lightning, pressuring Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu remained calm. “The Human Race can assimilate the Demon Race, can't the Demon Race assimilate the Human Race? The blood is connected, the demon's blood may be impure, but will the Human Race be able to remain pure? Your majesty, in the end is too afraid of the Human Race, or do not have confidence in your Demon Race citizens?”

When these words came out, the Snow Ground Demon King's tone was subdued.

Ye Qingyu continued to laugh, “I also do not want to talk too flatteringly and make the proposal of the Crown Prince's even more beautiful. Your concern is reasonable, the removal of the trade and commerce ban, and mutual exchange of assistance are indeed a war without smoke. But don’t tell me, Your Majesty, that you do not feel that a bloodless war is better that the thousands of corpses of both sides piling on the battlefield of ice and snow?”

The Snow Ground Demon King was silent.

Ye Qingyu gave a slight smile.

In fact, he had known from the tone of the Demon King just now that he had already made up his own decision and judgment.

“I believe that Your Majesty already knows about the opening of the Central Domain Stone Gate. I think the ancient books of the Demon Race should have mentioned about the domain rating?” Ye Qingyu threw out another serious piece of information.

As expected, the expression on the Snow Ground Demon King’s face changed instantly.

“You mean...” he stared at Ye Qingyu, astonished.

Ye Qingyu didn't say much, only nodded his head.

“No wonder.” The Snow Demon King finally realized something.

“So in other words, before the real rating starts, Heaven Wasteland Domain must be unified, all forces gather together and fight together, in order to remain independent. Otherwise, once affiliated to other domains, for all races, it will be a disaster,” Ye Qingyu explained. “Not only the Snow Ground Demon Race, but also the Northeast, and Northwest Brute Race, as well as the Southern water demons, must pledge allegiance to the Snow Empire. One month later, the Crown Prince will ascend to the throne, and become the Empress. In Heaven Wasteland Domain there will be no more separate forces.”

These words, Ye Qingyu said resolutely. His tone was filled with indisputable power.

The Snow Ground Demon King naturally felt the will of the young man, frowned and said, “What if the other three races do not agree?”

Ye Qingyu smiled lightly: “I will properly reason with them, and make them agree.”

The Snow Ground Demon King immediately understood the meaning of Ye Qingyu's words.

His expression wildly changed, “Palace Lord Ye really thinks that in the domain, there is no one who can match your strength?"

“That’s right.”

“Palace Lord Ye is underestimating the martial artists of Heaven Wasteland Domain.”

“It is the martial artists in Heaven Wasteland Domain who are underestimating the great wide world.”

Here, the Demon Race King was silent again.

Reluctantly, he had to admit that, at least among the Snow Ground Demon Race, everybody was no match against the young man——Let alone a match, most likely, no one could even block three moves of his.

Although the other side was just by himself, but his strength and cultivation base were too frightening. In the face of such a person, for the entire Snow Ground Demon Race, it was tantamount to the enemy reaching the city gates and there was no way to retreat——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 654:


Chapter 672, The new Demon King candidate



When the map is unrolled, the dagger is revealed; here, it felt as though they were on the verge of breaking out into a fight.

Threatening a state with one man's power.

Such a crazy thing could only be done by the current Ye Qingyu.

The old Demon King took on a ghastly expression all of a sudden.

But eventually resumed the same calm and peaceful look that he displayed before.

His originally sword-sharp gaze also gradually faded, smiling, he said, “Good, good, you're really worthy of being called the War God of the Human Race... I really am getting old. I really admire the courage of you young people... Every age brings forth new talents, who each will rule its own domain for years to come. Now Palace Lord Ye has emerged in Heaven Wasteland Domain, who can contend with him.”

Ye Qingyu's face remained unchanged as he said with a faint smile, “Demon King Your Majesty is over praising me.””

“But...” The old Demon King suddenly changed topics, “Palace Lord Ye must have heard that Commander Burning Snow has been killed. Burning Snow is from a noble clan of the Snow Ground Demon Race. He is one of my trusted aides. Over the years he had worked his heart out for the Snow Ground Demon Race. Among the Snow Ground Demon Race, his prestige is no less than mine. Now that the matter of Burning Snow being assassinated has spread across the Snow Ground, all Demon Races are furious. If this matter is not resolved, even if I intend to make peace with the Human Race, the majority of the demons will never agree to this.”

Ye Qingyu suddenly revealed a smiling expression when he heard what the Snow Ground Demon King said.

At this point, he already knew the decision of the King of the Snow Ground Demon Race.

“This matter, very well.” Ye Qingyu slowly rose to his feet. “I will bring the murderer who assassinated Burning Snow to Your Majesty, that will quell the wrath of the demons. Moreover, my Youyan Pass also had suffered an attack from the Snow Ground Ancient Demons, I believe this matter has nothing to do with the demon court, so I do not want to pursue this matter anymore. Your Majesty should be able to guess the true key to the problem, the true intelligent demons with vision will also surely not be blinded by this tactic.”

“Even if things are explained clearly, there will be some demons pretending to be confused.” The old Demon King sighed.

Ye Qingyu finally showed a hint of disappointment on his face. “It seems that Your Majesty really is old.”

Taken aback for a moment, the old Demon King reddened with anger, and then burst into a hearty laughter.

“For hundreds of years, you are the first person who dares speak like that in front of me. I understand what you mean, I do not have the heart to kill? Yes, I am indeed old, without the murderous spirit and anger of back then, always like to reminisce the past, and easily care about some old feelings... But, rest assured, now, I also know that it is time to shed some blood. The Snow Ground Demon Court can no longer decline. Fine, I agree to the conditions of the Human Race.”

This moment, the figure sitting high on the ice throne, suddenly appeared taller and more imposing.

The previous imposing manner from the person who occupied a leading position and who looked disdainfully at Heaven Wasteland Domain, like a whale who was swallowing the world, had finally returned to the Demon King's body. The figure on the throne vaguely radiated the graceful bearing of the demon expert who ruled a part of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

But it was just for a moment.

Hearing that the Snow Ground Demon King finally gave a firm answer, Ye Qingyu was not as excited as expected.

In fact, he had already predicted this result when he departed Youyan Pass.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu's heart gained a hint of sympathy along with admiration for this Demon King.

Because the old Demon King was almost dead.

Any living creature, if they could accomplish and do what the old Demon King had done in one hundred years, and unified the Snow Ground Demon Race into one, was worthy of admiration. There was no doubt that the old Demon King was once a leading figure of Heaven Wasteland Domain, but now... Ye Qingyu could distinctly sense that the strength within the Demon King's body was quietly dimming and flowing away. In order to maintain the unity of the Demon Race, and in order to retain the glory and pride of the King, when his life force and cultivation had reached the peak and could not be increased any more, he had not sealed himself and went into deep sleep like the ancient demons, and instead chose to withstand.

He had missed the opportunity. He was at the end of his life.

And the old Demon King obviously also very sharply sensed the changes in Ye Qingyu's mind.

“You’ve noticed.” The Demon King smiled bitterly.

The reason he wanted to see Ye Qingyu in the Xuan Ice Demon Tower was to use the power of the Demon God blood in the Xuan Ice to cover up some things. What he did not expect was that the War God of the Human Race was more terrifying than the old Demon King had imagined, still able to sense the decay of the demon source in his body.

Ye Qingyu didn't speak.

Old Demon King, after a pause, said, “I know what you fear, human. Rest assured that what I have promised you, will definitely be achieved... And even if I die, the new Demon King will certainly be able to uphold my will. Also, I am certain that Palace Lord Ye will cooperate very harmoniously with the new Demon King, hahahaha..."

At the end, a rare colour of pride surfaced onto the old Demon King's face, there was even a slight mischievous expression.

Ye Qingyu instinctively sensed that the candidate for the new king of the Snow Ground Demon Court would surely shock all people.

“Who is the new King?” Ye Qingyu finally couldn't help asking.

The Old Demon King broke out in a fit of laughter, tears overflowed his eyes. It was only after a long while that he stopped and grinned at Ye Qingyu. “Guess.”

……

The Demon God Snow Mountain was an eternal divine mountain of the Snow Ground Demon Race.

Shanyang was the place under the protection of the Demon God, therefore the natural conditions were relatively good.

Shanyin, on the other hand, was the most bitter and harsh place in the entire Snow Ground Demon Court.

It was noon.

At a deep valley of Shanyin.

Ye Qingyu was standing on the edge of a ten thousand meter cliff on the right side of the valley.

The valley was dark with no daylight all year round, and the terrain was like a thread of the sky.

At first glance, the valley looked like a canyon split by an ice giant with a giant battleaxe.

And on both sides of the narrow valley were icy cliffs formed from tens of thousands of natural ice rocks repeatedly lashed by the storm, wind, and hail. The lines and markings on these ice rocks were smooth, and the ice crystals were bright and shining, like the scales of two Snow Dragons swimming forward at the same time, almost touching one another. A milky white chill could be seen diffusing and scattering in the ice rock gaps with the naked eye.

Because the location was in the Northern shaded side of the Snow Mountain, the climate of this valley was grim and bitterly cold, simply beyond the imagination of many people.

The raging wind and blizzard roared wildly over the valley, and the bitterly cold ice crystals and hail were like extremely sharp ice arrows. Any martial artist lower than the Bitter Sea stage, standing here, would most likely fail to withstand against the encirclement of these natural weapons, frozen into ice sculptures, and be dead without a whole corpse.

This was the real bitter and desolate land where no living creatures could survive.

For successive generations, the Shanyin land of the Demon God Snow Mountains was the land of death of where the Demon King had exiled serious criminals.

Ye Qingyu stood on the icy and rocky cliff, looking down at the snowy fog, the land where a snowy storm was sweeping across, and fell into a trance.

With his eyesight now, it was easy for him to see through the cold mist and the thousands of feet of ice and snow below.

Deep in the valley, there was a narrow frozen river.

The river was less than a foot wide, with ice covering almost the entire river.

The icy rocks on both sides of the river were like a jungle of swords.

A lonely figure wearing a bamboo hat, ignoring the snowstorm, was sat by the river.

His figured looked proud and aloof, like an old monk who had entered into a meditative state, peacefully sitting next to a chiseled ice hole, while the snowy wind howled endlessly. Holding a white fishing rod made from some unknown material, the silk-like fishing line quietly floated on the surface of the ice river. He was like an ice sculpture, even his hair and the corner of his clothes were completely still.

In a distance of forty meters away.

A square, delicate ice house with smooth mirror-like walls was leaning against the canyon.

The roof was covered with a thick layer of demonic beast fur.

In front of the ice house was an ice carved chair.

A weak woman, sitting on the ice chair, was looking down, preoccupied with something. Her fair and delicate little hands were twisting and moving around, seemingly using the fiber of snow bamboo to create some kind of white fabric to withstand against the cold. Her concentrated face looked extremely gentle.

All of a sudden——

The fishing line was tugged.

“Ahahahaha, finally caught you little guy!” The aloof and motionless figure all of a sudden exclaimed when he saw this scene. He began to dance with joy like a child, evidently extremely excited. He then turned to the direction of the ice house, and loudly called out, “Heng, Heng, come see, I finally caught a Snow Dragon fish!”

In the distance, the woman lifted her head slightly when she heard these words.

Under the long black bangs, revealed a gentle and incomparably delicate face.

Her fair skin, compared to the snow and ice, gave off an inexplicable gentleness and softness. An affectionate smile spread across her pretty face, slightly shaking her head, she put down what she was weaving and said, “Okay, okay, I’m coming, you just caught a fish, but you’re so happy like a child!”

“Of course, this is Snow Dragon fish found only in the Snow Ground Spiritual Underground River.”

On the ice cliff.

A faint smile crossed Ye Qingyu's face when he saw the scene.

The man and a woman was Yan Buhui and Lu Heng.

Previously, Deputy General White Bear Demon had mentioned to Ye Qingyu that, after the battle of the Light Palace, Yan Buhui returned to the Demon God Snow Mountain and very soon his position was changed. He was transferred to the Snow Demon Court’s ordinary division and was no longer involved in any military affairs.

It could be said that it was a position with practically no obligations.

And on Ye Qingyu’s way to the valley, he passed by several places and found a number of demon formations that were injected with ancient demon power. It was evident that Yan Buhui was not only transferred, in a way, he had been imprisoned.

Yan Buhui, who had betrayed the Human Race and fought for the Demon Race time and time again, could be called a martial arts genius. Moreover, he had fused with the bones of the Demon God, and possessed unbelievable strength, his martial arts prospect were limitless. These years, he had done a lot of things for the Demon Race, so he had always had a very high status and prestige among the Demon Race, was a figure that many demons looked up to, and was one of the most important persons of the Snow Ground Demon Court.

But now he was demoted and imprisoned, and even lost the trust of the Demon Race. There could only be one explanation——





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 655:


Chapter 673, Immortal couple in the depths of the valley



Ye Qingyu's mind was emerged with the message that he received when he returned to Light Palace from Clear River Domain.

According to the news from the demon clan, after the Battle of the Light Palace back then, Yan Buhui returned to the demon court wounded and there was a human woman following him.

In order to be with this human woman, and in order to protect this woman, Yan Buhui did not hesitate to stand against the many demon elders, and finally gave up his lofty status and power among the Demon Race to be with the Human Race girl who was willing to give up the identity of human and of life to come to this bitterly cold place to accompany him. She was the daughter of the Pass Lord of Youyan Pass Lu Zhaoge, Lu Heng.

Among Heaven Wasteland Domain, the only one who could make Yan Buhui easily abandon power and status, the trust of the entire Demon Race, and rather live under surveillance and imprisonment, was only Aunt Heng.

Their love was so deep!

Feeling the harsh chill of one side of the world, Ye Qingyu breathed a long sigh.

For some reason, he suddenly was a little envious of the life of Yan Buhui and Lu Heng.

If there was love, even drinking plain water can be filling.

If you can be with the person you love, even if you have to give up the whole world, so what?

Vaguely, the face of the skipping elf-like Little Loli dragging the White Deer Academy uniform across the floor and almost tripping in front of him surfaced onto Ye Qingyu's mind.

Years had past since then.

After going through so many things, Ye Qingyu only at this moment realized that he had not seen Song Xiaojun in a long time.

From above, Ye Qingyu watched the couple whose love was stronger than gold, but because of all sorts of misunderstandings could not be together. To see that they had finally gotten rid of the mundane world, bondage, worldly affairs, the love and hate, and were finally together, he was also sincerely happy for them.

“Since I'm here, I should go and greet them.”

Ye Qingyu took a step forward into the void, passing through the wind and snow, and steadily headed down to the bottom of the cliff, the direction of the ice field in the depths of the valley.

At the riverside of the valley.

Yan Buhui, who had a proud look on his face from catching a fish, suddenly seemed to have sensed something, frozen for a moment, and then revealed a mysterious smile, saying, “Heng'er, it seems that today we have a guest.”

Lu Heng responded with a slight astonished expression upon hearing these words.

Ever since coming to this valley, it was not that no one had come to visit them, but those that came were all advisors of the major Demon Races and the Demon King, as well as some former trusted aides and subordinates of Yan Buhui. They were all here to persuade Buhui to not give up on himself, so in the end were all sent away by Yan Buhui. There were a few who attempted to persuade him with force and as a result were severely wounded and directly thrown out of the valley by Yan Buhui...

No matter who came, Buhui would never call them a guest.

Who was the one going to be here today?

Lu Heng subconsciously looked into the void where snow and ice were whirling about.

In this silver and dazzling world, Ye Qingyu's all white clothes had long integrated together with the ice and snow, his long ink hair gently fluttering. Although there was not a shred of yuan qi fluctuation from his body, the aura radiating from him at this time made him look more like a striking Immortal from a world of nothingness.

“It's... Little Yu!” Lu Heng exclaimed.

Once the person was identified to be Ye Qingyu, Lu Heng looked somewhat emotional and excited.

In Lu Heng's view, Ye Qingyu was one hundred percent certain that he was the son of Yu Junhan, so to her, besides Yan Buhui, Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing and the others  were her closest relatives in the world.

It had never occurred to her that she would see Ye Qingyu in the hidden valley of the Demon God's Snow Mountain.

“Aunt Heng, long time no see.” Ye Qingyu gently landed, looked at Lu Heng, nodded slightly, and greeted her.

Towards this gentle as water woman, Ye Qingyu also had strong respect.

“Little Yu, it's great to see that you’re alright!” Aunt Heng carefully looked up and down the white figure opposite her, eyes flashing with relief.

That year when she left, Ye Qingyu had suffered the divine lightning punishment, and although saved with the essence and blood of Yu Junhan, she was not able to see him recover. Lu Heng had been worried unceasingly all this time. Ye Qingyu’s appearance finally allowed her to breathe a sigh of relief.

“I'm alright, sorry to make Aunt Lu worry.” Ye Qingyu bowed his head.

Then he shifted his gaze to Yan Buhui.

He and Yan Buhui had only seen each other a few times, and moreover stood on opposite sides, but at this very moment there was a feeling of reunion with an old friend. He couldn’t help but sigh about the mysteriousness and strangeness of fate. Ye Qingyu smiled and gave a fist salute, “Commander Yan, even if people are separated by a great distance, there is always a chance that you may bump into them someday. We meet again. Have you been well?”

“Oh, it’s a small world, I did not think that the famous Palace Lord Ye would appear in this little prison in the world of ice and snow. We meet again. Heaven Wasteland Domain, this small fish pond, almost cannot hold you anymore.” Yan Buhui swept a glance over Ye Qingyu, gently nodding, lips curved in a meaningful smile.

Ye Qingyu naturally could hear the teasing tone in Yan Buhui’s voice.

He did not seem to mind, noticing Yan Buhui holding a silvery white fish with a strange pattern on its tail, he could not help saying, “Commander Yan is laughing at me, my life is just a busy life, I cannot have a moment of quietness. How can I be compared to Commander Yan, who is leisurely and carefree and stands aloof from worldly affairs. Only you can catch a Snow Dragon fish in a place like the Demon God Snow Mountain.”

Yan Buhui burst into a deep rumbling laughter, “So you also know about the Snow Dragon fish. Hahaha, that old Demon King put me in here. He certainly would not have thought that I would dig thousands of feet down his back courtyard and open up an underground river, trigger his royal family’s Spirit springs, hahahaha!”

Ye Qingyu, “......”

“He had been trying to find someone to show off to for a long time...” Lu Heng stretched out her finger, gently put Yan Buhui's hair behind his ear, then with a helpless smile, shook his head and continued, “Your arrival has satisfied his wish.”

“Uh... wife, don't expose me in front of outsiders.” Yan Buhui pretended to be very embarrassed, while holding Lu Heng's hand in his, looking at his wife with an affectionate smile.

Ye Qingyu, “......”

Please, Aunt Heng, you are also my elder, can you not make a public display of affection in front of me.

Pay a little attention to your elder image.

Ye Qingyu couldn't help smiling wryly.

White robe billowing and had gotten rid of his former golden armour, The Yan Buhui now exuded an extremely peaceful and leisurely yuan qi. While Lu Heng looked more like a beautiful woman of an ordinary family. Standing together, they were beaming with happiness.

Ye Qingyu looked at the loving couple, and also could not help but feel happy for them.

What was more surprising to Ye Qingyu was that Yan Buhui's current strength, was even more terrifying than he had initially imagined.

Previously, Ye Qingyu also expected that after the great changes that the heaven and earth had underwent, Yan Buhui's strength may also be enhanced, but he did not think that it would be to this extent. Ye Qingyu could tell that in the past year, Yan Buhui's cultivation had rapidly risen and had even stepped one foot into the Immortal Step boundary, vaguely touching upon the mysteriousness of the Immortal Step boundary. It really was too shocking.

It was no exaggeration to say that after the return of Ye Qingyu to Heaven Wasteland Domain, among everyone that he had seen, Yan Buhui's strength was the most terrifying.

One foot into the Immortal Step boundary.

Even the awakened Snow Ground Ancient Demons were far inferior to Yan Buhui.

But after another thought, Ye Qingyu felt that such a speed of ascension was also reasonable.

On the one hand, Yan Buhui was a rare martial arts genius of Heaven Wasteland Domain with the bone of the Demon God implanted into his body. His strength was already incomparably powerful before, and after the Battle of the Light Palace Lu Heng had returned to his side. As a result the fetters of emotion had been unlocked. With his loved one by his side, his obsessiveness, the devil inside him, and his vicious tendencies were all eliminated. He had become open-minded and cheerful. Such a temperament was more conducive to the enhancement of martial arts cultivation.

Once his thoughts were free, everything became unlocked.

Yan Buhui's state was similar to the miracle that Buddhists call ‘becoming a Buddha on the spot’.

The cold wind roared and the temperature among the valley was bone-piercing.

“Now that you're here, why don't we go into the house and sit down?” Lu Heng pointed to the ice house in the distance and issued an invitation.

As she spoke, she turned to Yan Buhui to put away the fishing rod constructed from the ice rocks.

Yan Buhui pinched the little silver fish and stuffed it into a bag stitched together from animal hide, urging Ye Qingyu to come into the ice house.

The trio entered the house.

The interior of the ice house was much more refined than Ye Qingyu had imagined. A few hand-polished ice chairs that were also carved with decorative patterns and a four-sided ice table were laid out against the wall. A few cups and robes woven from the fur and skin of demonic beasts were neatly stacked, and at the corner were placed several ice sculpture plants, sparkling and lifelike.

Such days, although poor and simple, but for them, was also fun and free.

Ye Qingyu had just seated himself on the ice chair, when Yan Buhui handed him a large bowl carved from ice, which was filled with some colourless and tasteless and extremely clear liquid, and also emitting a cold air.

“My specialty here, try it.” Yan Buhui held up the other big bowl, threw his head back and emptied the bowl.

“This is...” Ye Qingyu, with one sip, flickered a hint of astonishment in his eyes, “Wine?!”

There's wine here?

Feeling the fiery feeling pouring from the tip of the tongue to his organs, this bizarre sensation lasted for a long time before it was gone, spreading through the meridians of Ye Qingyu's blood and limbs.

After a deep breath, the heat suddenly turned into a warm and soft feeling.

As though he was a person who had been cold for a long time, and now was suddenly lying in a hot spring.

“It’s snow bamboo that Buhui had grown with his yuan qi, which was then soaked in the ice river, and brewed into snow bamboo ice wine using theDemon Race’s secret technique. The initial taste is very spicy, which then lingers, Little Yu have a try... I'm not used to drinking it.” Lu Heng came over with a transparent ice crystal jar.

If the outside world knew that Yan Buhui had used such pure yuan qi power to grow bamboo, they most likely would stamp their feet at such wasteful actions.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu began to admire Yan Buhui’s current temperament more and more.

He was able to pick things up and let go.

“You're definitely not just here to see how we are doing,” Yan Buhui smiled, asking frankly——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 656:


Chapter 674, The scenery is the same everywhere



“Indeed, in addition to visiting you two, my main purpose this time is to meet the Snow Ground Demon King...” Ye Qingyu did not conceal anything and briefly explained the purpose of his trip.

After that, he then talked a little about the general situation of Heaven Wasteland Domain, the plot of the sects of the Human Race and the ancient demons, as well as the Domain Alliance.

“I can't imagine that in just one year, the situation in Heaven Wasteland Domain has developed into this... Haha, this really is interesting.” Yan Buhui Yan was interestedly listening to Ye Qingyu, smiling.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything else.

He held the ice bowl to his mouth and took a long sip. The ice wine, like the tail of a snake, slid into his mouth.

“I did not expect the hidden sect forces of the Human Race to join forces with ancient demons, causing disturbances to both sides. In the long run, it will inevitably cause chaos in Heaven Wasteland Domain and affect the rating from the Domain Alliance. At that time...” Lu Heng sighed with a touch of worry flickering in her eyes.

During this past year, she and Yan Buhui had been living in this ice and snow  valley and were cut off from all news channels. They only knew an outline, but now that they had heard that the Heaven Wasteland Domain was in a turbulent situation from Ye Qingyu's mouth, their mood was somewhat complicated all of a sudden.

“The hidden sects joining forces with the ancient demons is just my guess. I hope the situation is not as bad as I think it is.” Ye Qingyu nodded his head slightly. In order to pass the domain rating, it was necessary to settle the unrest in Heaven Wasteland Domain. This was the unanimous thought of all who knew about it.

“You most likely haven't thought of the worst possible outcome.” Yan Buhui sneered.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

Yan Buhui looked at him and then continued, “If only the hidden sects and the ancient demons had joined forces, you can still cope with them with your current strength, but what if these two forces have other forces behind directing their actions?”

Other forces?

Ye Qingyu sank into deep thought when he heard this, and shortly cold sweat soaked his back.

He understood the meaning of Yan Buhui's words.

Since the special envoy of the Domain Alliance was able to cross the Imperial Army’s surveillance without drawing any attention and find Yu Junqing, then there must be top experts of other domains that could do the same.

If there were top forces in other domains that were manipulating this plot, causing Heaven Wasteland Domain to become extremely chaotic in order to achieve their goal of Heaven Wasteland Domain failing the domain rating, this would be a disaster.

Yan Buhui's sentence had alerted Ye Qingyu.

This possibility must also be considered.

He again glanced at Yan Buhui who was pouring himself another drink.

His purpose for coming to the valley was originally, after the discussion with the Snow Ground Demon King, to come here to persuade Yan Buhui to succeed to the Demon Court throne and consolidate the powers of the Snow Ground Demon Race.

But now, after seeing the quiet life that the couple had managed to exchange for, Ye Qingyu was a little hesitant.

Yan Buhui and Lu Heng were both people with bitter fates. They had experienced a lot of hardships to be together, and the two had given up too much to have this life. If he were to convince them to enter the world again, face the worldly affairs, clamour, and killings, would that not be a bit too selfish?

Ye Qingyu hesitated for a moment.

“How is Xing'er?” Lu Heng took out an extremely delicate and intricate bamboo leaf lantern, and gave it to Ye Qingyu. “Back then whenever she came to the ancestral land to see us, she liked these a lot.”

Ye Qingyu nodded, receiving the lantern, and then selected some little stories of Yu Xiaoxing to tell her.

“I really can’t believe that the little girl who wetted her dress at the cold lake and sobbed tearfully will soon become the Empress,” Lu Heng said, her voice wavered with emotion. “I just hope that her thin shoulders really can endure all of this.”

Ye Qingyu knew that Lu Heng was worried about Yu Xiaoxing.

One hour later.

“Aunt Heng, Commander Yan, it's late, it's time for me to go.” In the end Ye Qingyu did not say what he wanted to say, and intended to get up and leave.

Yan Buhui did not utter a word.

“Little Yu...” Lu Heng suddenly rose to her feet, hesitated for a moment, then mumbled, “You... is there something else... you haven't... said.”

Ye Qingyi's heart thumped.

He knew that Lu Heng could tell.

This as gentle as water woman, although was now dressed like an ordinary woman, she was in fact also a strong female expert. She had followed someone like Yu Junhan for so many years, experienced the battlefield, and had also played a significant role in the Battle of the Light Palace. She certainly was not an ordinary woman. She was careful and observant, and was able to see through everything.

Ye Qingyu's eyes met with Aunt Heng's, and then he glanced at the similarly hesitant Yan Buhui. After a brief thought he decided to tell them the result of his discussions with the Snow Ground Demon King.

After all, this matter was related to the future direction of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Ye Qingyu of course would not force his will on them.

The final decision would ultimately be decided by the two of them.

After a brief silence.

“Humph, the old demon king has no ability. He made such a mess during his rule and now he wants to stand to one side and do nothing and leave the mess to me.” Yan Buhui put down the ice bowl, took out a sharp ice-sculpted hook, and began to polish it. “I, Yan Buhui, am not a trash picker.”

The other side had called the throne to the Demon Court trash. Ye Qingyu blushed with embarrassment. Yan Buhui really had a pretentious style in the way he declined someone.

It should be said that, over the years, for the Demon King throne, countless demon experts had died. Many demons had perished and numerous demon geniuses could not even touch the ice throne.

This position of power and status was abandoned by Yan Buhui like clogs.

Aunt Heng’s eyes slightly drooped as she sat quietly on the ice chair. After listening to Ye Qingyu she did not utter a word and seemed to be in deep thought.

There was a moment of silence.

Yan Buhui heaved a long sigh, cast a glance at the silent Lu Heng, and then turned to Ye Qingyu, “I am tired of fighting and killing, I feel that my life now is very good. Heng and I have been separated for too long, we wasted many years of our lives. Now that we are finally reunited, I do not want to involve myself with worldly affairs again.

Before his voice faded.

“Haha, I still think that, inheriting the throne and become the Demon King sounds very domineering and majestic, it is very suitable for you!” Lu Heng suddenly lifted her head to look at Yan Buhui, a smile on her face, and interrupted his words softly.

Yan Buhui was astonished.

The husband and wife were united, their minds were connected. Although Lu Heng had only said a sentence, but Yan Buhui already understood the meaning of Lu Heng's words.

He sighed softly, his eyes much softer and gentler as he looked at Lu Heng. He reached out his hand to fix his wife's hair, softly saying, “Heng, you have to understand that, once we get out of this Demon God Snow Mountain valley, and re-enter the secular world, we can never go back to such a peaceful and ordinary life...”

Lu Heng gave a faint smile.

Her smile, like the spring breeze brushing against the face, was extremely graceful and moving.

She stretched out her finger and gently wiped away the wine stains on Yan Buhui's jaw.

“I know, of course I know. But in my heart, the most important thing is to stay with you. Whether it is the quiet and simple life or the turbulent life of war, as long as we are together, won't it be the same? If you want to live in seclusion, I will accompany you. If you draw your sword, I will accompany you to rule the world. The scenery is the same everywhere.”

Yan Buhui was astonished.

He looked at his wife in a daze.

Lu Heng and Yan Buhui shared a deep glance. Her eyes were full of determination towards the feelings between them, as well as their trust to Yan Buhui.

In fact, it was not that the silent and distracted Lu Heng had not taken into account the condemnation that they may receive from the different races as well as the complex and serious war situation they were going to face if Yan Buhui were to inherit the demon throne.

But after deeply pondering the situation, she was still willing to accompany Yan Buhui to rule the Demon Race, and to assist Ye Qingyu to stabilize the situation of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

On the one hand, it was because this matter involved the survival of the people of the Snow Empire and the Heaven Wasteland Domain. But more importantly, it was because Lu Heng understood Yan Buhui more than anyone else.

Someone like Yan Buhui, such a gifted martial arts genius, was destined to become a legendary person with extraordinary status in Heaven Wasteland Domain. What man does not want to rule the whole world and go anywhere as he pleases?

That being the case, instead of letting him give up the worldly dispute for her, hide in the ice and snow valley, and live an ordinary life, it was better to accompany him to fight the mountains and rivers, let him display his talent and ambition, and receive recognition and respect from the world.

This moment, looking eye to eye, Yan Buhui was able to read and understood Lu Heng's mind from her eyes. In her eyes, besides affection and trust, there was also a hint of gratitude for knowing each other, and for cherishing each other.

Ye Qingyu didn't say anything more and turned away from the valley.

……

He went back on the road he came from.

Ye Qingyu returned to the sun-facing side of the Demon God Snow Mountain.

In the Xuan Ice Demon Tower.

After coming back from the Snow Mountain valley, Ye Qingyu talked for another hour with the Snow Ground Demon King who was waiting in the demon tower.

After this, the old Demon King went out of the Xuan Ice Demon Tower alone, and ordered no one to disturb the distinguished guest of the Human Race.

Ye Qingyu stayed behind in the demon tower.

For the next two days.

Ye Qingyu had been cultivating in this Xuan Ice Demon Tower.

He seemed to have forgotten that he was situated in the demon land and everything else. Sunken into a meditative state, he was not concerned of the matters of the outside world, and seemed to be waiting for something.

Ice crystals surrounded his body, and time seemed to have stopped.

Ye Qingyu sensed a wisp of [Supreme Ice Flame] in this Xuan Ice Demon Tower. Of course, there was also the power of the blood of the Demon God left in this ice tower.

Whether it was flying ice rocks or demon blood, it was beyond the laws of Heaven Wasteland Domain, but for Ye Qingyu's cultivation, it had great enlightenment effects and benefits. As the laws of Heaven Wasteland Domain were increasingly growing, Ye Qingyu needed to thoroughly grasp the laws of this domain, in order to fully display his true strength and occupy an invincible position during the next storm.

Time went by.

Three days passed by in the blink of the eye——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

