Chapter 1117:


Chapter 1132
–
The true Sinners



Even if Wang Jianru was startled, she immediately realized that things were not the same as she had previously imagined.

And in the next moment, she immediately recognized that the idiot was unexpectedly Ye Qingyu.

Because that gaze, for her, was really too familiar. In that moment, Ye Qingyu also slightly released a little bit of his aura, which Wang Jianru had grasped.

It shocked her, but also made sense at the same time.

Shocked because she did not expect Ye Qingyu to transform into such a role. What made sense was that she knew that Ye Qingyu had long wanted to come to the Dark Realm, and that it was not considered particularly difficult for the beings of the Vast Thousand Domains to come to the Dark Realm. Moreover, Ye Qingyu's strength had reached the level qualified to enter. Once Ye Qingyu had come to the Dark Realm, as long as he hears about Wang Jianru, he would come right away.

In truth, she had been shocked again and again by Ye Qingyu's growth. Ten years ago, when she took Song Xiaojun away, she absolutely did not think that Ye Qingyu would one day grow to this cultivation level. At this time, she was still shaken.

Song Xiaojun could become the King of the Unmoving City of Darkness because of her bloodline, then what about Ye Qingyu? He was an orphan whose parents had died. What did he rely on to have come so far?

Wang Jianru was certain that if one only relied on talent alone, that person would never reach such a cultivation level.

However, these thoughts instantly flashed away from Wang Jianru's mind.

Then, she began to think about more things.

Ye Qingyu, upon seeing Wang Jianru's expression, also understood that the female Sword Immortal had recognized him. Therefore, he was a lot more relaxed. As long as the two were well-coordinated, then the next thing would be a lot easier to deal with.

He also began to plan the next move.

And this moment, the great battle between Nie Tiankong and the three new Quasi-emperors also entered a point of tragedy.

Nie Tiankong was riddled with wounds, half his body was almost broken, and was almost burning his life yuan in order to trigger the [Air Destroying Blood Axe]. He looked like a wounded beast. On the other hand, The three new Quasi-emperors were evidently not as strong as Nie Tiankong, or the three Quasi-emperors before. They were not experts with a formal inheritance, and thus lacked hidden cards and were unable to withstand the [Air Destroying Blood Axe]. The several pseudo-emperor weapons they summoned out were all shattered by the [Air Destroying Blood Axe].

Ye Qingyu watched for a while.

These three new Quasi-emperors' backgrounds should be similar to Xu Shaohua. Even if they had joined hands to fight against Nie Tiankong, they still were not much advantageous.

“The one with the last name Nie can still withstand for a period of time. Let’s first let them fight it out. No, I'll make a move again. Hehe, when the fish and the clam fight, the fisherman benefits...” Ye Qingyu plotted in his mind.

Of course, he was warily observing the movements around. Fortunately he couldn’t sense other Quasi-emperor auras coming over, indicating that there was probably only these people in this area.

An hour passed.

“Ah...” One of the three Quasi-emperors let out tragic long howl, unable to withstand the power of the [Air Destroying Blood Axe] in the end. His physical body was destroyed and only his consciousness body was left behind. He dared not to stay any longer, and fled in a flash.

After a Quasi-emperor loses their physical body, the consciousness will weaken, and for other Quasi-emperors, this consciousness body was undoubtedly a great supplement material. If one were able to capture and refine it, then after a few hundred years of training, one can also obtain secret techniques from it. Thus, this Quasi-emperor did not trust even his companions and had chosen to escape alone.

The remaining two Quasi-emperors were, at this time, also struggling to withstand.

But fortunately, Nie Tiankong was worse. Wielding the [Air Destroying Blood Axe] in his hand, he staggered, as though he would collapse any moment.

This gave the two Quasi-emperors a reason to carry on.

On the other side, Ye Qingyu’s pondering was almost over. If he were to allow this to continue, it may instead attract more Quasi-emperors.

So, he, who was seriously injured, suddenly rushed over again and joined the battle circle.

“Lord Nie Tiankong, I'll help you...”

Ye Qingyu was still acting loyal, dashing out with no thought of personal safety. It was deeply moving
.

“Damn it...” The two Quasi-emperors immediately realized that the situation did not look too good.

No, wasn't the trash punched into a pile of rotten flesh before? How come he's still alive now? He is too tenacious.

Nie Tiankong almost burst into tears.

This helper was really risking his life for him.

He forcibly activated yuan qi, burning his life yuan, and once again triggered the [Air Destroying Blood Axe]. With Ye Qingyu’s assistance, the blood axe unleashed its power once again, turning into a terrifying stream of blood-red light. After a dozen flashes, the bodies of the two Quasi-emperors were split into two, and the consciousness of one of them was also almost destroyed. Incomparably unwilling, they in the end had no choice but to flee.

“Lord, are you all right?” Ye Qingyu asked with a concerned look.

Nie Tiankong swayed and stumbled, choked, and was almost breathless. He opened his mouth to say something when suddenly everything darkened in front as he passed into unconsciousness...

“Huh?” Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

He hasn't done anything and this guy had passed out already?

He is not pretending right?

He wants to pretend to be dead to draw me closer, and then sneak up and kill me?

After all, anybody would do anything for this credit.

“Lord Nie Tiankong? Lord Nie Tiankong...”

Ye Qingyu cautiously moved closer. He lifted his feet and kicked him a few times, and found that Nie Tiankong was not pretending to be dead, but really had fainted from exhaustion. In the battle, he had burned his life yuan to forcibly activate the [Air Destroying Blood Axe], and coupled with serious injury, he had finally reached the limit. Even if he possessed a powerful Quasi-emperor realm cultivation base, he also could not withstand anymore.

“Is this the will of the heavens?” Ye Qingyu was initially surprised, and then shook his head. He planned to kill the Quasi-emperor to avoid trouble later on.

Just then, Wang Jianru spoke all of a sudden, “Wait a minute, don't kill him.”

Ye Qingyu cast a puzzled glance at Wang Jianru.

Wang Jianru smiled, the blood stained clothes and black hair did not affect the matchless beauty of the peerless female Sword Immortal in the slightest. She radiated a bright and unique graceful bearing as she came over. Her delicate fair fingers moved swiftly, forming a dark jade-like sword seal that pressed down over the head of Nie Tiankong. It was only then that she breathed a sigh of relief, “This is not a place to talk, take him with you. We will leave here first and I'll tell you on the way.”

Ye Qingyu nodded, “Okay.”

He naturally fully trusted this female Sword Immortal.

There was nothing to be cleaned up in the battlefield. Ye Qingyu turned into a stream of light with Nie Tiankong and left the area. Along the way, he naturally cautiously hid his traces to avoid being tracked by others.

As expected, not long after they left, a number of figures broke the air and came to the previous battlefield.

“Bad, already gone.”

“It looks like another big battle, I feel a real martial arts Emperor aura. Someone must have used an Emperor weapon.”

“It seems that Wang Jianru's life has already been taken by someone.”

The majority of these figures were also of the Quasi-emperor realm. After a brief observation of the battlefield, everyone present formed their own judgment. Evidently they were all somewhat disappointed, yet still did not want to give up. Some people had even tried to use an Emperor Detection Technique to deduce what had happened. However, they all failed because the one being deduced was also a Quasi-emperor. Moreover, there was already some kind of remarkable skill that already concealed their aura.

……

…

Tens of thousands of kilometers away.

On a secluded mountain ridge.

After resting, there was finally a relieved look on Wang Jianru's beautiful face. Her bright and plump red lips slightly moved, throwing out a mouthful of turbid qi. She then looked at Ye Qingyu, saying, “Why do you look like this? Covering up your real face?”

Ye Qingyu smiled and recounted what had happened these days.

“I see.” Wang Jian nodded, a smiling expression coming onto her beautiful, flawless face. “Boy, your ability to stir up trouble really is unrivalled. You have just come to the Dark Realm, and already killed a noble of the Guardian imperial city and created a huge mess. It most likely would not be long before you end up like me, listed on the [Must Kill Wanted List].”

Ye Qingyu grinned.

In front of Wang Jianru, he felt very relaxed. The two were student and teacher back in White Deer Academy, and Ye Qingyu deep down had always seen Wang Jianru as his teacher.

“Right, shouldn't senior have returned to the Unmoving City of Darkness already? Why are you being chased? Is there something wrong?” Ye Qingyu asked.

Speaking of this matter, Wang Jian's flawless face flashed a hint of killing intent, which then died away. “There was an accident. A traitor in the Unmoving City of Darkness exposed information on my return route. Our secret passage was destroyed, and I was intercepted. For a short time I most likely will be unable to return to the Unmoving City of Darkness.”

“Ah?” Ye Qingyu was shocked to hear this.

Wang Jianru's status in the Unmoving City of Darkness was extremely high. Her plan to visit the Vast Thousand Domains was also carefully thought out. Everything was going extremely smoothly, but now it had undergone such a great change. The situation was clearly very bad. Moreover, the traitor she mentioned must have quite a high status in the Unmoving City of Darkness. Otherwise, it was impossible for them to know of Wang Jianru's whereabouts.

In this way, wouldn't Song Xioajun also be in danger?

Wang Jianru saw right through Ye Qingyu’s mind, smiled and said, “Song Xiaojun's safety, for the time being, you do not have to worry too much. She has grown up. Her strength has reached a level that you cannot imagine. Moreover, in the Unmoving City of Darkness there are many people she can trust. She is the King of Darkness, and she lives up to this name.”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

This was indeed the case, there was no need for him to worry.

“Right, as far as I know, although the Sinners are guilty of sins, they are still members of the Dark Realm and also shoulder the heavy responsibility of confronting any Invaders. They are the true pillars of the Dark Realm, and logically speaking, should be the same as the Guardians. Even if the Guardians of the imperial city are all pig brains, they should understand this. But why is it that the nobles of the Guardian imperial city treat the Sinners like this? They actively plot against the Unmoving City of Darkness and are determined to kill you? It gives me the feeling that the Guardians want to completely wipe out the Sinners?”

Ye Qingyu asked about the puzzlement that had been troubling him.

Wang Jian gave a cold smile, “The truth is very simple, these so-called Guardians are the real sinful people. Their sin, their despicableness, their shamelessness, are much deeper than us.”



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1118:


Chapter 1133
–
The situation that overturns the world (1)



What?

Ye Qingyu was a bit perplexed when he heard this.

What? It seems that there were secrets in the Dark Realm that he did not know about?

“What is going on?” Ye Qingyu asked curiously.

Vaguely, he realized that there might be secrets unknown to the world.

However, Wang Jianru said with a smile, “This matter is a long and complicated story. It involves the secret history of the era of the formation of the Dark Realm, as well as the first great ancient Emperor who founded the Dark Realm. This has been covered in dust in the torrent of time and space for too long. Once a lie had been told for too long it becomes the truth. Now no one will believe anything else, nor will it change anything. Now that you have come to the Dark Realm, you can discover the secret behind this yourself, and judge with your own eyes and your own heart. You will get the truest answer.”

Ye Qingyu was a little disappointed to hear this.

He knew that Wang Jianru did not want to say too much information to influence his judgment, which was also for his own good.

“Right now, there's an opportunity.” Wang Jianru pointed to the unconscious Nie Tiankong, and then said, “Do you know why I won't let you kill him?”

Ye Qingyu shook his head, “Can I ask senior to explain?”

Wang Jianru very casually gathered her somewhat disheveled long black hair, the movement was beautiful and elegant, “How many people know that you have turned into Zhang Longcheng?”

Ye Qingyu replied, “Only Eleven knows.”

When Ye Qingyu told Wang Jianru about his experience after coming to the Dark Realm he had also mentioned Eleven to her.

Wang Jianru nodded and then asked, “Is this man trustworthy?”

Ye Qingyu slightly hesitated before he finally nodded, “In his body, I have set up a restriction seal. This person draws on the advantages and avoid disadvantages, and is extremely afraid of death. As long as the restriction is not broken, he absolutely dares not to betray me. Moreover the restriction I have set up is an ancient secret method, even if the great Emperor came, it cannot be cracked that easily.” Ye Qingyu was incredibly confident about this.

“Well, only you will know. If he’s trustworthy, then keep him, if not...” Wang Jianru spoke in a very indifferent tone, but the meaning contained was extremely resolute. “

Ye Qingyu nodded.

Wang Jianru then asked again, “Who else knows that you killed Zhang Longcheng?”

“This...” Ye Qingyu smiled bitterly, “About this, there is a lot more.”

In addition to Eleven, there were a large number of Guardian soldiers, as well as the Dark Ones of Bitter Hill Village. After that, Ye Qingyu had also changed the laws of the city and killed many nobles. It was most likely that the majority of the nobles in Luoshen Ridge could guess what had happened. Adding to this, the esteemed masters of the City Lord's residence also saw with their own eyes.

“That's troublesome.” Wang Jianru knitted her brows, clearly planning something.

Ye Qingyu asked, “Senior you mean...”

Wang Jianru's beautiful face revealed a hint of pretended anger. “Wait a minute, do not call me senior this, senior that. No women like this name, call me Teacher Wang... I was going to suggest you to play this role a little longer. By appearing in the Dark Realm as Zhang Longcheng, you can find a way to get into the Guardian imperial city to investigate things and observe the truth of the world. But now this seems a little difficult.”

“Senior... no, teacher wants me to sneak into the Guardian imperial city to find a chance to investigate who the traitor of Unmoving City of Darkness is?” Ye Qingyu's eyes lit up.

It would obviously be a huge help for Song Xiaojun if he could investigate the secret.

And, in truth, Ye Qingyu really wanted to take a look at the Guardian imperial city, and take a good look at what role the Guardian camp played in the Dark Realm——At least from what he had seen in Luoshen Ridge, the Guardian camp was dishonourable. Ye Qingyu had reason to suspect that the so-called Guardian camp was the camp that the Four Stars Holy Girl and other people had mentioned.

Previously, Ye Qingyu was still a little troubled, because the death of Zhang Longcheng would alarm the Guardian camp, making it difficult for him to continue to hide in the dark. But now, Wang Jianru's suggestion, like a key, opened up Ye Qingyu's thoughts and a new flashing door appeared before him.

“Well... if I were to continue to pretend, these flaws, it’s not that impossible to solve them.”

Ye Qingyu pondered carefully.

He weighed up everything carefully and felt that there was still a chance to make up for the flaws.

Back then, in order to control the Central City of Luoshen Ridge, and in order to stall for time, and to not let the Guardian imperial city know about the news of the death of Zheng Longcheng, Ye Qingyu had set up a number of Quasi-emperor prohibitions in the city. The Central City only allowed entry and not exit. He also told Eleven to issue a decree to block all news. Thus the news of the fall of the Central City of Luoshen Ridge should not have spread out yet.

As for those who know about the news...

With the ‘forget’ ancient character of the one hundred eight ancient characters secret technique, Ye Qingyu can completely erase their memories directly.

Although the process was a bit troublesome, it was theoretically feasible.

Carefully thinking over his plan again, Ye Qingyu was a little more confident, and then proposed his idea to Wang Jianru.

“Oh? Erase the memory? This is a not bad suggestion...” Wang Jianru was more and more surprised with Ye Qingyu's power.

Ye Qingyu grinned, and then said, “This matter should not be delayed. We should first return to the Central City of Luoshen Ridge. Otherwise, undue delay may bring trouble, and there may be changes later.”

Wang Jianru nodded, then thought of another matter. “We must first think of a way to block the [Must Kill Wanted List]. Otherwise, even if we fled to Luoshen Ridge, it would only attract more people and our plan cannot be carried out.”

“That's true.”

On the unconscious Nie Tiankong, there was one of the [Must Kill Wanted List]. Ye Qingyu took it off of him, and after studying it for a moment, began to get a general idea of things. Then, Wang Jianru continuous used a secret method in an attempt to block the [Must Kill Wanted List’s] detection. It was slightly effective, but not fully blocked. Ye Qingyu then tried to enter the [Conceal] ancient character of the one hundred eight ancient characters secret method into Wang Jianru’s body.

In the end, the two found that when they activated the [Must Kill Wanted List] again, it had already lost its response.

Even if Wang Jianru was in front, the wanted list was not able to detect her location.

“Success,” Ye Qingyu exclaimed.

Wang Jianru also breathed a sigh of relief.

Previously, she also knew the reason of why she was tracked down, and had made successive attempts to block the detection of the [Must Kill Wanted List]. But all these have failed. Now that the list was completely blocked, not only was she temporarily safe, but Ye Qingyu's plan could also be implemented.

“Let's go back.”

The two people turned into a stream of light and sped back to the Central City of Luoshen Ridge right away.

At this time, the distance from the Central City of Luoshen Ridge was only one day and one night.

Fortunately, Eleven, in order to ensure that Ye Qingyu's desire was achieved, during this one day and one night, had done a lot of preparatory work. He had not fully opened the Central City and had not let the black-haired Dark Ones into the city yet. Everything was in the brewing stage. The news of the city's great changes also had not completely spread out yet, which meant that Ye Qingyu's following plan was possible.

That night, Ye Qingyu first came to the Bitter Hill Village and Ten Kilometers Village.

He floated in the void, gathered yuan qi, and performed the forgetting mantra of the one hundred eight ancient characters secret method. A huge ‘forget’ character gradually took shape in the void, like a huge silver moon. It was an impressive spectacle. On the ground a few of the Dark Ones who had not yet fallen asleep thought they saw the legendary Immortal demon.

“Go.”

Ye Qingyu thrust both hands forward.

That tremendous silver moon-like ‘forget’ character suddenly dove down and transformed into hundreds of thousands of rays of silver moonlight, glowing like dancing spirits and sprinkling across the earth. It was exquisitely beautiful. Every dot of silver light represented a strange power of oblivion, which injected into the body of every black-haired Dark One. The sleeping Dark Ones were not aware of anything, but those awake, as the silver ray of light penetrated their body, eyes revealed a trace of confusion...

“Almost done, by the time the Dark Ones in this area wake up, they will forget what has happened in the past one month.”

Ye Qingyu turned away.

This night, as a precaution, he almost traveled all over the village area of the black-haired Dark Ones around Central City and injected the power of oblivion into every citizen to make them forget everything that had happened in the past one month——The black-haired Dark Ones were unable to cultivate martial arts, thus their physique and mind were extremely weak, so this for Ye Qingyu was not considered difficult at all.

Even if someone came over to investigate in the future, they also wouldn’t find any clues.

Then, Ye Qingyu returned to the Central City of Luoshen Ridge.

He repeated the same move, releasing the power of oblivion into the beings of the whole Central City.

And, in order to prevent mishaps, he found all experts of the Great Saint realm and above in the city one by one and specially injected the power of oblivion into them.

So far, all of the flaws had been corrected.

By the time it was dawn, what happened over a period of time had been completely erased from the minds of all the beings within the Luoshen Ridge. They had forgotten the death of City Lord Zheng Longcheng, forgotten the great changes in the city, and had forgotten everything that Eleven had done in the city. It was as if time had been reversed overnight and back to the date before the arrival of Ye Qingyu. It was both bizarre and unbelievable. Eleven was the only person who retained the memory.

For the next ten days, Ye Qingyu had been secretly observing everything, looking for anyone who may be suspicious, and carried out the erasing memory seal again.

After ten days, Ye Qingyu was certain that, let alone any intelligent being in Luoshen Ridge, even a dog, cat, mouse or a cockroach would not remember what had happened before.

Everything was back to the beginning.

Then, Ye Qingyu, in the mind of Eleven, also planted a memory restriction, told him to transform into the Young City Lord, continue to carry out his will, and govern the Luoshen Ridge.

Because at this time, the unconscious Nie Tiankong had finally woken up——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1119:


Chapter 1134
–
The situation that overturns the world (2)



In the moment of waking up, after a short period of confusion, Nie Tiankong almost jumped up. He instinctively increased his vigilance, and instantaneously operated qi to shroud his whole body. A terrifying power began to surge, which almost lifted the entire stone hall.

“Lord, are you awake?” It was a somewhat familiar voice.

“It's you?” Nie Tiankong instantly remembered all of the things that had happened before. Staring at this familiar face in front of him, he remembered that this man was the City Lord of the Central City of Luoshen Ridge, Zhang Longcheng. As he came to realize what had happened, he breathed a slight sigh of relief, but remained vigilant, asking, “Where am I? After that... what happened?”

“Doesn’t Lord remember?” Ye Qingyu replied, “You fought against three great Quasi-emperors, and was exhausted in the end and passed out in the Demonic Stone Forest. It was I who brought Lord back, you have been unconscious for a full ten days and ten nights.”

“What?” Nie Tiankong exclaimed. “Such a long period of time...”

He first examined his body, and fortunately, in addition to being a little weak, there was no other abnormalities or injuries. He was also very clear about the reason for this weakness. In order to activate the [Air Destroying Blood Axe], he had burned a large amount of life yuan. Therefore it would take a certain amount of time for him to fully recover.

“Lord, rest assured that everything is fine.” Ye Qingyu, in the face of Zhang Longcheng, acted very enthusiastic, but also very respectful.

Nie Tiankong nodded, and then all of a sudden asked, “At the end of that battle... Wang Jianru ran away?”

Ye Qingyu smiled, shaking his head, “No, she was seriously injured. Having been chased for a long period of time she had consumed too much of her origin source strength, and was powerless and weak. She attempted to escape, but I intercepted and killed her.”

“What?” Nie Tiankong was stunned when he heard this. “Already killed... she... you killed her... good... very good...”

He was a little bitter inwardly. It seemed that what he had done was just making a wedding dress for others. He had risked his life to defeat six great Quasi-emperors and then passed out in the end, but this Zhang Longcheng had taken advantage of this. He gave a wry smile, “I must congratulate you, you have performed exceptionally meritorious service. I believe you have already reported to the Guardian imperial city, you will very quickly rise to fame.”

Inwardly, Nie Tiankong felt empty, unwilling and resentful. All of his efforts and planning had come to nothing.

In truth, if someone else were to snatch his credit, perhaps Nie Tiankong really would have jumped up to kill them, but looking at this face in front of him, he thought of how Zhang Longcheng desperately fought for him at the risk of his life in the Demonic Stone Forest. Nie Tiankong sighed inwardly. He really could not bring himself to be so heartless to kill someone who was once loyal and had risked his life for him.

Who would have thought that, Zhang Longcheng shook his head with a smile, saying, “Lord is wrong, I haven’t reported to the Guardian imperial city, but have been waiting for Lord to wake up. This credit, I don't dare to be greedy for it.”

“What, you mean...” Nie Tiankong was shocked once again.

Without waiting for Ye Qingyu to answer, he suddenly moved forward a few steps, staring intently at Ye Qingyu, he asked in a trembling voice, “You really are not lying to me? You... you did not claim the credit for yourself?”

Ye Qingyu firmly nodded, “Of course, those six great Quasi-emperors were defeated by Lord Nie Tiankong. It was also Lord Nie Tiankong who traced down Wang Jianru and brought me to find her.  Lord, you have put in so much effort to bring Wang Jianru to a desperate situation. Ninety-nine percent of this credit belongs to Lord. Although I am envious, I absolutely cannot be greedy for this credit.”

“You...” Nie Tiankong didn't know what to say.

Ye Qingyu smiled, “Lord, you have now woken up, are you going to report to the Guardian imperial city now that you have killed Wang Jianru?”

“This...” Nie Tiankong was still a little speechless. He could not quite believe that Zhang Longcheng would give him a heavenly credit that could change fate. Could there really be such a person in this world?

After a moment's hesitation, he asked, “Where is Wang Jianru's body?”

Although he wanted this heavenly credit, he had to at least make sure that everything that Zhang Longcheng had said was true. Otherwise, once falsely reported, the consequences were very serious.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

He turned to the bookshelf next to him, took out a jade box with both hands, placed it in front of Nie Tiankong, and opened the box. A smell of blood pervaded the air.

Nie Tiankong looked down.

It was the head of Wang Jianru that was housed in the jade box.

“Only the head? Where are the other parts of her corpse?” Nie Tiankong asked, frowning.

Ye Qingyu explained, “The battle that day was tragic. Lord should also remember. Wang Jianru was severely wounded after the battle against those three Quasi-emperors, and her body was almost destroyed. After that, subordinate, I, stopped her, and knowing that she could not escape, she tried to self-explode. Fortunately I was able to cut off her head, but failed to keep her body, which has completely exploded and dissipated between heaven and earth.”

Nie Tiankong subconsciously nodded upon hearing this.

Such an explanation made sense.

He also had some understanding of how Wang Jianru was, and knew that she was one of the leaders of the Unmoving City of Darkness. Moreover, she was a rare beautiful woman, so it was inevitable that she feared her body would fall into the hands of the enemy. Thus it was highly likely that she would choose to self-detonate. Relatively speaking, it was not easy for Zhang Longcheng to sever her head under such circumstances.

Nie Tiankong nodded to Ye Qingyu, then took out the [Must Kill Wanted List], and then carefully observed the head in the jade box. After that he took out some secret weapons and used a variety of secret techniques, repeatedly inspecting and verifying four or five times before he was one hundred percent certain that it was indeed the head of Wang Jianru, rather than a substitute.

Moreover, Wang Jianru’s name on the [Must Kill Wanted List] had become blue-grey, which showed that she really was dead. This list was a creation of the Guardian imperial city and would absolutely make no mistake.

Putting all of the evidence together, Nie Tiankong thoroughly believed in what Ye Qingyu had said.

“Well, very well, City Lord Zhang Longcheng, I did not misread your ability.” Nie Tiankong couldn’t hide his joy. Putting away the jade box, he clapped Ye Qingyu on the shoulder. “Rest assured that I won’t treat you badly. This credit, I will split equally with you.”

At this time, in truth, Nie Tiankong's gratitude towards the Lord of the Central City of Luoshen Ridge had reached a point where it could not increase any further.

Because for him, everything was as though he had finally found a path out after endless mountains and rivers or that there was finally a glimmer of light at his darkest hour. This heavenly credit had eventually fallen into his hands.

As long as he takes Wang Jianru's head back to the Guardian imperial city, Nie Tiankong could finally achieve the goals he had dreamed of for so many years. He and the Nie family behind him, which were an upper family of the imperial city, could definitely enter the core social class of the imperial city. And at that time, whether it was individual strength or status, both would indeed skyrocket.

“Lord, subordinate does not dare to split the credit with you.” Ye Qingyu, who had long had a plan in mind, declined persistently. “This credit belongs to Lord.”

But his resolute attitude made Nie Tiankong feel slightly strange.

After a slight ponder, he then asked frankly, “City Lord, you have done so many things for me. Your loyalty has really moved me, but at the end of the day, we have only known each other for a few days, why did you help me at all cost?”

Ye Qingyu had long known that he would ask this. “Between heaven and earth, every intelligent being acts with a motive. Subordinate, I, is also not a man without desire, nor a saint who does not seek benefits. Therefore, the reason I did all this, is, of course, to ask something from Lord.”

“Oh? Let’s hear it? What can I do for you?” Nie Tiankong's wrinkled brows relaxed, before he laughed heartily.

Hearing this from Ye Qingyu, he nodded slightly. This was normal. He was not a fool. Of course, he did not think that Zhang Longcheng would go all out for him at the risk of his life, or that his charms and tyranny would make Zhang Longcheng follow and serve him wholeheartedly.

“Subordinate knows that, once Lord gets this credit, you will definitely soar to the sky and rise to a position of great power when you return to the imperial city. So I want to ask one thing from Lord, please can Lord help me clear the way and arrange a job in the imperial city? I want to experience the bustling prosperity of the imperial city,” Ye Qingyu said in an earnest tone of voice.

“Oh? So you are after this.” Nie Tiankong burst into laughter. “Haha, I thought it was something big. This matter is very simple, I can do that, I can promise you.”

Ye Qingyu immediately lit up with joy when he heard this, “Thank you, Lord Nie Tiankong.”

Nie Tiankong smiled and asked, “But, City Lord Zhang Longcheng, you’re now a ruler of the Luoshen Ridge. Everything here is decided by you, and you don’t need to listen to or be affected by others. The mountains are high and the Emperor is far away, it is so carefree here, why would you want to move to the imperial city? You should know that there are countless aristocrats in the imperial city. You will have to rely on others for the air you breathe there. It is not as carefree as it is in Luoshen Ridge.”

Ye Qingyu smiled, “Lord Nie Tiankong is right, but the Luoshen Ridge is a remote region, and the natural resources here are poor. There are only barren hills and wild rivers. Subordinate, I, is already incredibly lucky to be able to break through to the beginner stage of the Quasi-emperor realm here. It is absolutely impossible to advance further. All men have a goal they want to pursue. Subordinate, I, also want to try to hit the supreme peak of martial arts. I have heard people say that it is only in the imperial city that there is an opportunity to achieve the Dao. Subordinate, I, want to give it a try.”

These words were indeed powerful and resounding.

Ye Qingyu's expression also vividly showed that.

Nie Tiankong was filled with awe when he heard this.

As a martial artist, he was able to understand this ambition.

Suddenly, Nie Tiankong looked at the little City Lord differently.

His mood, in an instant, became better.

Because he suddenly felt that there really was good luck after extreme bad luck. Not only did he obtain this credit that he wished for, but also discovered a talent worthy of cultivating. In any case, after he returned to the imperial city, following an increase in status, he must cultivate his own trusted aides and organize his own forces. He cannot just rely on his family. This Zhang Longcheng was a dormant tiger, who also saved his life. This made him absolutely worthy of cultivating, and may even become one of his important arms in the future.

“You may rest assured that this wish of yours, I will certainly be able to help you achieve it.” Nie Tiankong patted his chest reassuringly.

“Thank you, lord.” Ye Qingyu also smiled.

His purpose had been achieved——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1120:


Chapter 1135
–
Electric slaves



In a secret room in the Central City.

“Everything went as teacher expected.” Ye Qingyu returned to a hidden chamber with a smile on his face, “Nie Tiankong seems to have the intention of recruiting me, I believe it will not be long before I can go to the Guardian imperial city.

“That's good, Nie Tiankong could be considered to have some background in the Guardian imperial city. You have performed exceptional meritorious service and will certainly be promoted. You have entered his vision. He will certainly put you into an important position. This time, you really have succeeded by a lucky stroke and opened up a road.”

A milky white illusory figure that floated in the air spoke.

Upon a careful look, this figure was slim and beautiful, and the body proportion was perfect. Her face was exquisitely flawless, like the queen of goddesses. It was the female Sword Immortal Wang Jianru.

It was just that her present state seemed a little strange. She had lost her physical body, and was in a very strange state. Even her aura had completely changed.

Ye Qingyu, after a thought, asked, “Is there anything you want to investigate in the Guardian imperial city? In addition to investigating the traitor.”

Wang Jianru's illusory figure shook her head, saying, “No, just observe what you see with your own eyes to understand the whole Guardian camp. I am not ordering you to carry out any task, nor is this what Song Xiaojun wants you to do, I just hope that you can see the truth of the world more clearly at the heart of the Guardian camp.”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

“I understand. Nie Tiankong has already reported to the Guardian imperial city via his own channel. I believe an official reply will soon come. At that time, he will first head to the Guardian imperial city. When his plot has succeeded he will then help me fight for a position in the imperial city. I will be waiting at Luoshen Ridge for about two or three months. During this time I will take the opportunity to grasp everything about Zhang Longcheng, including his interests, skills, traits and characteristics. It really is not easy to play the role of an old monster who has lived on the world for nearly thousands of years.”

Ye Qingyu said with a smile.

“Well, it's hard, but it shouldn't be a problem for you. I remember that you have a photographic memory.” Wang Jianru smiled, and then added after a pause, “but you also must be careful, there are great dangers in the Guardian imperial city, even for a true martial arts Emperor. If your real identity is exposed, then you will be in more danger than I am today.”

Ye Qingyu nodded. “I understand this.”

Wang Jianru all of a sudden looked hesitant, “If you change your mind now, it isn't too late.”

Ye Qingyu shook his head, “This is my choice.”

It was indeed his choice after careful deliberations. In particular, after discovering the suspicious points regarding the medal of nobility, he even more wanted to go to the Guardian Imperial city to clarify everything.

After a pause, Ye Qingyu changed the subject,” By the way, teacher when are you going to return to the Unmoving City of Darkness?”

Now that everybody thought that Wang Jianru was dead, and the wanted arrest was cancelled. Moreover, after Wang Jianru's sword body reached nirvana, her [Nine Revolutions Sword Body] had successfully advanced to the eighth level, and her strength had increased once again as a result. It was as though she has had a makeover, and even her aura had changed. There shouldn’t be too much obstruction on her return to the Unmoving City of Darkness this time.

“When the sword body is completely reconstructed, I will return.” Wang Jianru stated. When she entered into the eighth stage of the [Nine Revolutions Sword Body], her previous physical shell had become useless. This was similar to the reincarnation of the Chaos Demon Emperor. With each reincarnation, the body would change like a snake shedding its skin. This was the real reason why they had a real head and body to hand to Nie Tiankong.

These were all part of Wang Jianru's plans.

Now, Wang Jianru was in the process of reconstructing the sword body. In about another dozens of days, the illusory silver body will completely reconstruct into a new perfect shell, and it was at that time that she could finally leave.

……

……

Over the next few days, everything went well.

The entire Luoshen Ridge had been completely restored to its former condition.

Nie Tiankong had finally received a reply from the Guardian Imperial city. His contribution was acknowledged, and his heart finally could return completely into his stomach, because the credit of killing Wang Jianru could be said to have completely fallen upon him. Now that he had received the official record, no matter what means other people use, it was impossible to snatch it away.

Nie Tiankong, who had completely regarded Ye Qingyu as a trusted aide, after a discussion with Ye Qingyu, anxiously set foot back to the Guardian imperial city.

Next, what Ye Qingyu needed to do was to wait.

During this period, he read the memory of all the people close to Zhang Longcheng in the City Lord's residence through some secret laws, and carefully sorted out all of the social and work habits of Zhang Longcehng, and carefully analyzed them

Since he was going to play this role, he naturally had to play it well.

And the role the old servant Eleven played was the role of the Young City Lord.

Through Ye Qingyu's suggestions, the Young City Lord gradually moved up the ranks and some news began to circulate in the Central City. Many people gradually became aware that Zhang Longcheng had become acquainted with an important person of the Guardian imperial city and would most likely serve at the Guardian imperial city soon, which meant that the Young City Lord becoming City Lord was put on the agenda and will soon be achieved.

The aristocracy in the Dark Realm can be hereditary.

In particular, it had always been the case for the officials in the Central City of the Luoshen Ridge. It was normal for a son to inherit a father's role, so no one was suspicious of this at all.

The only thing that many people were surprised at was that, the arrogant and incompetent Young City Lord before, after being scolded by the City Lord a few times, had unexpectedly slowly corrected his behaviour and really began to show a keen interest in government affairs, as well as some intelligence.

As for the transformation and protection of the Luoshen Ridge, a different method was used.

At the beginning, Ye Qingyu directly pushed for drastic changes through the use of violence and simple and cruel methods. Through this method of breaking and establishing he had hoped to change Luoshen Ridge to be like the Vast Thousand Domains, and that the black-haired Dark Ones would fall into the category of citizens. This was because, firstly he lacked time, and secondly he had no choice since it was a change from the bottom to the top.

But now that his identity has changed, a relatively modest approach had to be adopted instead.

Of course, Ye Qingyu handed these matters over for Eleven to deal with.

One month passed by in the blink of an eye.

There was still no news from Nie Tiankong.

But Ye Qingyu was not in a hurry.

His preparation had long been completed. After a thought, he, along with a few others, headed for the large villages of the black-haired Dark Ones outside of the Central City. He wanted to see the so-called lights that did not require oil and firewood that Zhen Wanting had mentioned to him before.

Ye Qingyu had always felt that, in the Earth Province, hid the secret of a civilization. Perhaps the mystery of the destruction and reincarnation of civilization would be revealed.

……

Northern Wall Village.

This was one of the largest villages around the Luoshen Ridge, and compared to Bitter Hill Village, which was in the border zone, it was slightly more populous and affluent, but still was only barely able to maintain enough food and warm clothing for the people.

As the City Lord, Ye Qingyu's arrival caused a stir.

And after learning that the City Lord wanted to see the so-called electric light, the village chief of the Northern Wall Village hurriedly led Ye Qingyu to the several stone halls in the village center.

“Just press this mechanism and the light will light up.” The village chief cautiously demonstrated, “Lord, please watch.”

Ye Qingyu watched him press a finger-sized button, and after a loud snap, the originally slightly dim stone hall was suddenly bright as day. The three or four glass items hanging overhead were emitting a milky white light, illuminating the entire stone hall.

“Interesting.”

Ye Qingyu was inwardly astonished.

This kind of electric light was somewhat similar to the formation lamps of the martial arts world. The effect was also similar, but Ye Qingyu did not feel the slightest trace of martial arts energy from this glass lamp. It was obviously not an error he made, but there was another reason.

Could there be a new type of energy in this electric light?

He lifted his hand, sending a force out that directly took down the electric lamp hanging above. He wanted to carefully observe its mystery. Who would have thought that, after a loud snap, the light instantly extinguished, and a cluster of sparks came from above the main hall.

“Lord, be careful...” The village chief panicked, “When the lamp is taken off, it cannot shine, and it’s dangerous.”

“Oh?” Ye Qingyu looked at him.

Although the village chief of the Northern Wall Village was a black-haired Dark One, it was clear that his status was much higher than that of ordinary Dark Ones. Adding to this, because of the proximity to the Central City and his relations with some of the aristocrats in the Central City, in a way, he was regarded as a class between the Guardian aristocracy and the ordinary Dark Ones. Generally speaking, he played the role of spokesperson for some aristocrats among the Dark Ones.

“The electric light must be connected to a wire in order to shine,” the village chief smiled, pointing to the black fine lines above the hall. “The wires contain a very terrifying force, not only can it let the light shine, but it also can kill living beings.”

Ye Qingyu thoughtfully nodded.

With a flash, he came to the wires above the hall to grab one of them.

“No, Lord, be careful...”  The village chief was horrified. He had witnessed someone killed directly by a wire, and was worried that an accident would happen to the City Lord.

Ye Qingyu simply ignored him.

Reaching his hand out to hold the wire, there was instantly a bizarre force invading his body, which was incredibly similar to the power of lightning and thunder. However, it was different to some extent. This degree of strength was barely comparable to the power of a Heaven Ascension expert, how can it hurt Ye Qingyu?

After perceiving the power inside the wire, Ye Qnigyu was slightly disappointed.

“Where does the power in the wires come from?” Ye Qingyu returned to the ground and asked casually.

“This... this...” The village chief stuttered.

Ye Qingyu looked at him and grunted, “Hmm?”

The village chief was so frightened that he dropped to his knees and cried, “Lord, please calm down. It’s not that I don’t want to tell you, but I... I don’t understand either... These things are designed by the electric slaves in the village. I... I don't understand it at all.”

“Electric slaves?” Ye Qingyu’s curiosity was further piqued. “Where are they now? Let’s go take a look.”——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

