Chapter 33:


Chapter 33 – The Plot Behind the Matches

The commoner students who had a strength comparable to Yan Xingtian gathered to discuss their strategy. Then, they began enacting it.

On the other side.

“Haha, those lowly idiots, they seemed to have realized.” Within the group of aristocrats, a tall and thin youngster with fair and clear facial features spoke. On his expression, he had a mocking smile.

This fair faced teenager was evidently the center of this group of nobles and had a fairly high status.

“Senior Brother Yalin, do you need us to do anything?” one of the noble students asked.

“No need.” The fair faced teenager, Quan Yalin, shook his head. He said, “Just follow our original plan. These lowly commoner scraps, apart from Yan Xingtian, does not amount to anything. Haha, as long as we control things correctly, by the time these challenge matches are finished, not even one commoner will be left on the list of ten! Haha!”

“Senior Brother Quan’s wisdom is indeed profound, we can only admire you!”

“Haha, with Senior Brother Qin’s strength to hold our position, and adding to this the schemes of Senior Brother Quan, we will definitely humiliate this year’s commoners!”

“That’s right, those commoner scraps, they dare to think they are equal to us, they really don’t want to live… they are only a group that has and always will be lowly servants!”

The surrounding nobles, unceasingly flattered Quan Yalin.

The lips of Quan Yalin, curled in a vain and haughty smile

He came from an average noble family and his cultivation talent could only be counted as slightly above average and was not shocking in any way. As a result of this, he was not in the list of ten at the start and did not hold much of a position.

But his mind was extremely agile and conniving, specializing in schemes and plots. Some of the things he did attracted Qin Wushuang’s attention. Later, using Qin Wushuang’s trust and position, he slowly emerged and aquired a role similar to that of a strategist. His prestige gradually rose, and now he was one of the leading figures of the nobles.

This time, the plan to deal with the commoner students through the challenge matches was also made by Quan Yalin.

He valued this scheme extremely highly.

This was unquestionably an opportunity for his prestige to rise to new heights.

In truth, this plan was not all that devious or clever. But this plan was a straightforward and frank plot; even if those stupid commoners saw through it, what could they do?

After all, in the first year, nobles held the absolute advantage in terms of quantity and quality. Even if they saw through it, they had no way to retaliate and hence no way of changing the outcome.

“Oh, that’s right, Senior Brother Quan, that Ye Qingyu, do we still have to keep an eye out for him?” a noble student suddenly asked.

In these days, apart from Yan Xingtian, the existence of Ye Qingyu was like a thorn to them, stabbing into the nobles’ heart. Especially after when Ye Qingyu defeated Xia Houwu and Liu Lei, their precautions against him had never diminished.

“That person…” Quan Yalin was silent for a moment.

He had a strange feeling that he could not see through Ye Qingyu. According to his previous judgement, Ye Qingyu could definitely place in the top twenty. But for some unknown reason, he had fallen so many places…

Had he really fallen, or was he hiding something?

Quan Yalin could not be certain.

“What is Ye Qingyu currently doing?” Quan Yalin asked.

“According to the people we sent to observe him, he did not come to the practice grounds and is instead at the martial library,” a noble student by him said.

“He went to the martial library again?” Quan Yalin frowned. Through these days of observation, he found that Ye Qingyu was nearly always at the martial library. What he did in there was not clear.

“It looks like this Ye Qingyu, has some self-awareness. He does not dare to offend us. It is said that he does not have much interaction between the commoners. Could it be that he wants to be a double agent?” The noble youngster sneered, saying, “This type of opportunist, we don’t need to care about too much. He won’t dare to interfere with our plan.”

There were quite a few noble students who shared the same sentiments.

But Quan Yalin shook his head.

Ye Qingyu was not someone who would be easily afraid, or else he would not beat Xia Houwu and Liu Lei, two noble experts, but… This fellow, what kind of medicine was he selling in his gourd?

Do I need to test him?

Quan Yalin’s gaze landed on a ring not far off.

When he saw a little figure doing battle on the stage, a thought suddenly appeared in his mind. He said with a considering tone, “The relationship between Song Xiaojun and Ye Qingyu is not bad?”

“You mean that silly and clumsy little girl? En, I think their relationship is good. Come to think of it, this is pretty strange. Ye Qingyu only has her for a friend in the entire student body, perhaps his taste is special and he took a fancy to this dumb little girl?”

“Haha, to speak truthfully, little loli’s are quite delicious too.” Instantly several noble students began talking maliciously.

“If it is really so…” Quan Yalin suddenly smiled.

He had a plan.

……

Ye Qingyu stretched his back, placing a book he had already finished reading back onto the shelf.

Apart from only reading manuals regarding cultivation, Ye Qingyu would also read other books. For example, he would also read books about the customs and conditions of Snow Country, books about various legends, biographies of famous people and unofficial history books.

As long as it was a book, he would read it.

He was born and raised in Deer City. Apart from the wilderness training, he had never left the city. Ye Qingyu had nearly no idea what the outside world looked like. Through reading these books, it was like a multi-coloured door slowly opening to him.

These days, Ye Qingyu spent nearly all his time reading.

He stood in front of the shelves, going through them shelf by shelf, not even missing any one of the books. Because of his potent memory, as long as he read it once, he was able to remember the contents.

If he was given another ten or so days, Ye Qingyu estimated that he could finish all the books in the martial library.

After finishing another book, Ye Qingyu stretched his body again.

Looking at the time, it was around time he returned to the dormitory for training.

Placing the book back on the shelf, Ye Qingyu walked outside.

When he appeared at the entrance of the martial library, the afternoon sun was still quite a hot. Pleasantly stretching, he was about to return to his dormitory when—

“Senior Brother Ye, Senior Brother Ye…”

A hurried voice travelled from far away.

Very quickly a chubby figure came running over. When he saw Ye Qingyu, an expression of hope and relief appeared on his face. He hurriedly said, “Senior Brother Ye, quick, quick, something has happened to Xiaojun…”

The chubby youth’s name was called Li Jin. He was a student from the first years and came from a family of merchants, with his strength being around the average category. He had a clean and fair appearance, looking like Buddha himself. He was always laughing and had a good personality.

Li Jin was a friend of Song Xiaojun.

Song Xiaojun was different from Ye Qingyu’s reclusive character. Her bewildering and clumsy personality made many people fond of her, and she had quite a few friends in the academy. Li Jin was one of her friends.

Because of Song Xiaojun, Ye Qingyu was able to recognize Li Jin.

“Speak slowly, what happened?” Ye Qingyu supported the chubby Li Jin who was gasping for breath.

“Senior Brother Ye, I’ve searched for you for half the day already. Quickly go… to the practice grounds, Xiaojun has encountered trouble…” Li Jin had an anxious expression, dragging Ye Qingyu towards the practice grounds.

“What has really happened?” Ye Qingyu said, while running towards the practice grounds.

“Someone has plotted against Xiaojun. They want to drag her name off the list of ten. Xiaojun has been injured…” Li Jin said impatiently.

……

“Little girl, why don’t you jump down.”

On the stage.

A haughty Xia Houwu laughed coldly.

In his hands, was a cold curved sword, with drops of blood sticking to the blade of the sword.

In front of him, the little loli Song Xiaojun had a shoulder cut, deep enough to see bone. She stood panting loudly for air. She was already extremely fatigued, having defeated over tens of challengers. Even though she was allowed to rest for fifteen minutes between each challenger, but she was still very, very tired.

For some unknown reason, two hours ago, the number of people challenging her increased explosively. And these challengers’ strength was extremely high, all being noble students. They were extremely heavy handed and did not show any mercy at all.

Xia Houwu was the seventeenth challenger.

He had the greatest strength and was also the cruelest.

Even if I lose, I won’t lose in his hands. Song Xiaojun did not speak, but her snowy white teeth bit her lips, her gaze determined.

“Haha, if you don’t see the coffin you won’t cry*. Previously, you’ve already taken my spot in the list of ten. You think that just because you have the support of Ye Qingyu, that you won’t have to worry about anything? Haha…” Xia Houwu licked his lips, a trace of excitement appearing in his fierce eyes.

That’s not right!

The little loli angrily pressed her lips together. In her heart, she was saying, this position is mine, it originally belonged to me.

“Haha, right now the trash Ye Qingyu has already fallen. He is useless in the end…” Xia Houwu unceasingly mocked Song Xiaojun.

“That’s not right,” the little loli finally spoke, her voice crisp and authentic. “Senior Brother Ye, he did not fall…”

“Hmph, he fell five hundred places, he is useless!” Xia Houwu laughed crazily.

“You are useless, he defeated you before!” the little loli said stubbornly.

“That’s in the past. The him right now is not my opponent at all…” Xia Houwu’s face darkened

“Senior Brother Qingyu can defeat you with just one punch.” The tone of the little loli’s voice was extremely determined.

“You… Haha, I’ve placed number nine in the rankings this time, how can he be compared to me…” Xia Houwu coldly laughed.

“He can defeat you with just one punch.” The little loli repeated her words, her eyebrows arching up.

“You motherfucker…” Xia Houwu was about to be driven crazy.

“One punch.” The little loli swung her pink and tiny little fist about.

“You are fucking looking to die.” Xia Houwu was finally enraged. This incident was his weak spot, it was his humiliation, he would not let anyone mention it.

His blade like lightning, and carrying with it Xia Houwu’s endless anger, swung out.

The little loli sniffed. The sword in her hand started vibrating, shining with a silver light, swinging to clash with the blade in Xia Houwu’s hands.

*Chinese idiom for the fact that people won’t react until its right in front of them

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 34:


Chapter 34 – Humiliated Loli

DingDingDing!

There was a series of metallic impacts, sparks flying everywhere.

The little loli was forced to retreat several steps, her hand going numb.

Although her strength rose extremely quickly, her ranking was still not as high as Xia Houwu. Even after receiving the personal teachings of head teacher Wang and learning profound and intricate martial techniques, she still could not prevail. Females had a natural born disadvantage in terms of strength and in this type of direct clash, she was still not Xia Houwu’s opponent.

Furthermore, in the previous battles, the little loli had already expended most of her energy.

CheChe!

The blade passed by.

The cuff of the little loli was cut, a line of blood appearing on her jade like arm…

“You scoundrel!” The little loli’s face turned red with anger, cursing him with the most vicious words she could think of.

“Ahahaha, what Ye Qingyu owes me, I’ll get the interest from you…” A sinister smile appeared on Xia Houwu’s face. He swung his blade again.

The little loli did her best to block.

Ding!Ding!Dong!Dong!

Amidst another series of metallic clashes, Xia Houwu’s blade barely avoided Song Xiaojun’s calf, cutting off a piece of skirt. It exposed her milky white little calf, faintly discernible through the gap.

“You… pervert! Scoundrel!”

Song Xiaojun was both embarrassed and angry. Xia Houwu laughed gleefully.

At this instant, his mood was unprecedentedly rejuvenated. The humiliation that he had suffered in their first lesson could finally be vented out.

“I… won’t compete with such a scoundrel anymore.”

Song Xiaojun’s face was beet red, cheeks bulging up with frustrated tears flowing down her face.

But she knew the her right now was not able to defeat Xia Houwu.

If she continued to fight, she would only receive greater humiliation.

And she was even more clear that Xia Houwu’s action was an indirect challenge and provocation towards Ye Qingyu.

Although she was at times a bit muddled, but after following her Sister Cousin Song Qingluo around, she was able to interact with lots of noble students. She knew that the way these people acted was on the surface right and justified but in reality was unscrupulous and deceitful!

A woman’s terrifying intuition made the little loli feel that if she continued to persist, it would go bad for Ye Qingyu.

At that time, she suddenly remembered a phrase that Senior Brother Qingyu had said when they were conversing—

“The best solution to when you can’t win against someone is not to fight!”

Therefore, Song Xiaojun wiped her tears dry and turned around, exiting the ring.

Even though this would lose her the special privileges being in the list of ten provided, there was still eleven months till the end of the year. In other words, she still had eleven chances. Song Xiaojun believed she definitely could return to the list of ten.

These days of interacting with Ye Qingyu who was always filled to the brim with self-confidence had affected her in some ways. Especially after successfully passing through the monthly examination, this clumsy and ditzy little loli was changing. Her low self-esteem was gradually being changed to confidence.

Xia Houwu was taken aback in the ring.

He did not think that this girl would leave so crisply and decisively, giving up her place on the list of ten. Originally, Xia Houwu wanted to use this match as an opportunity to humiliate Song Xiaojun, targeting Ye Qingyu and increasing his own reputation among the students.

In any case, this was Quan Yalin’s idea.

Any opportunity that he could use to strike at Ye Qingyu, Xia Houwu would definitely not let it pass by!

The best scenario was that after Ye Qingyu found out about this incident, he would go into a rage and come looking for him. At that time, he had the perfect excuse to defeat and beat Ye Qingyu. It was a pity that the little loli gave up so decisively…

Xia Houwu thought regretfully.

At this time, from his high viewpoint on the stage, he could suddenly see two figures quickly closing in…

Ye Qingyu, you’ve really come?

This is too good! ……

“This is one of the chosen children of the list of ten? Why are you such a sorry sight?”

A mocking voice, came from the side.

Song Xiaojun turned her head to look.

A fair faced but slightly malicious teenager slowly walked towards her from the crowd. The one who had just mocked her was evidently him.

“Who are you? I don’t know you,” the little loli asked cautiously.

“Whether you know me is not important.” The fair faced youth was Quan Yalin. His voice was bland and calm, bringing with it a slight laughter. He said, “How is it? Did the defeat today hurt you? You must not want to experience a humiliation like today right?”

“Oh, I’ve remembered, I’ve seen you before.” The little loli’s train of through did not go according to what Quan Yalin would expect. She pointed at Quan Yalin, in sudden understanding and joy. “You are the attendant of Qin Wushuang, the person who likes hiding behind others and scheming, isn’t that right?”

It was very obvious that she had not heard his words, but was thinking hard about who he could possibly be.

Quan Yalin’s face instantly darkened.

In reality he was Qin Wushuang’s attendant, and he had gotten to his position and status through holding onto Qin Wushuang’s thigh. But in Quan Yalin’s heart, he had always thought that this relationship was a relationship between equals.

“It looks like you still don’t understand.” Quan Yalin’s eyes narrowed.

“Understand? Understand what?”

The little loli only just realized what this person had said before.

“If you continue to walk so close with Ye Qingyu, such humiliation, such setbacks will continue to happen on you. I guarantee, your four years at the academy will become your nightmare,” Quan Yalin said with a sharp and threatening tone.

He did not suppress his voice at all.

Because he wanted everyone around him to hear his words. The words that he said were not only directed at Song Xiaojun, but at everyone. He wanted everyone to understand the meaning behind his words.

“Oh.” Song Xiaojun suddenly had a face of enlightenment. “I understand, so everything was done by you causing mischief behind the scenes! You scoundrel!”

The little loli’s train of thought continued on in an unpredictable fashion.

“These words that you’ve said, you are deliberately going against us?” Quan Yalin had a dark expression, words coming from his grinding teeth.

The complexion of the surrounding crowd also changed.

Song Xiaojun was about to speak when, at that time, a clear voice travelled over from far away, “Us? Who is us?”

Everyone’s facial expression changed.

Because the majority of the people could recognize who the voice belong to.

Ye Qingyu!

The main character had arrived!

“Senior Brother Ye!” The little loli jumped up in excitement. “Why have you come?”

“I’ve come to watch your match.” Ye Qingyu came with a smile on his face, splitting apart the crowd. He placed a long robe over the little loli’s body saying, “How have you gotten hurt? Did someone manage to defeat you on the stage?”

“The next time, I will definitely win and get back my spot!” The little loli’s smile was like a blooming flower. She swung her fist, her morale suddenly rising.

Ye Qingyu patted the little girl’s head with a smile, then turned his gaze landing on Quan Yalin and the others.

Everyone knew that in this monthly examination, Ye Qingyu had fallen over five hundred places. However, for some reason, Quan Yalin and the others, at this instant, felt a pressure in their chests, making them have difficulty breathing.

At this instant, countless thoughts passed through Quan Yalin’s mind.

This Ye Qingyu had really been lured over. As long as he correctly used this opportunity with his glib tongue to humiliate him, then Ye Qingyu would no longer have a footing within the first years…

After thinking this, a smile could not help but appear on Quan Yalin’s face.

“You…” Quan Yalin was about to open his mouth to say something.

Pak!

Ye Qingyu’s hand slapped across.

His movement was as quick as lightning, and before Quan Yalin could react, half his face had gone numb. Then he started seeing stars, a salty liquid being spurted from his mouth.

The crowd was in an uproar, everyone’s gaze staring dumbly at this sight.

Nearly everyone saw with their own eyes, the heart of the noble students in first year, Quan Yalin being slapped by Ye Qingyu. As if he was a doll made of cloth, he was sent flying!

Sent flying!

Too brutal!

Too violent!

This… what kind of scene was this?

People had expected that Ye Qingyu would shout, would coldly laugh, would mock, would point his finger in blame. But no one would ever have thought that this devil incarnate, without even saying a word, would act directly.

“You dare to hit people?”

“This is too nasty!”

When the noble students had recovered after being dazed for a while, they were both shocked and angry.

Some people wanted to also hit back, But Ye Qingyu only raised his hand and gave a slap again. With a pak, as if a huge hammer was hitting a scarecrow, they were sent flying. He did not pull his punches in the slightest, nor did he have the slightest apprehension about hitting them.

Pa!Pa!Pa!

Five consecutive noble students, as if they were puppets, were slapped away.

At this time, the crowd finally reacted. There was an explosive uproar, everyone retreating with a crash.

Those noble students who were rushing forward also stopped in their tracks.

Even an idiot could tell that Ye Qingyu’s strength was slightly too terrifying. It was not something you could overcome merely by numbers.

This bastard, how dare he hit me?

How dare he?

And at the same time, the dizzy and woozy Quan Yalin finally recovered. He spat out a mouthful of blood, crawling from the ground. He emitted a low growl from his throat, as if he was a wounded and furious beast.

“You dare hit me?” Quan Yalin was like a person who had lost all reasoning, shouting incoherently. “The person surnamed Ye, you fucking dare to hit me? Do you know what you are doing right now?”

“Do you know what you are doing right now?” Ye Qingyu’s eyes were filled with contempt and disdain. “A crowd of brats who has not even grown hair, playing at plots and machinations. Retards!”

“You… you…” Quan Yalin continued to rage on, hysterically screaming, “You’re finished! You lowly commoner scrap, you’re finished… You’ve offended the entire noble student body, you…”

“Hahaha.” Ye Qingyu began to laugh loudly with disdain. “The entire noble student body? What kind of bullshit is that? I originally didn’t want to bother with you retards who would form groups and camps, but you came looking for trouble. The entire noble student body? Peh*, so awesome, you’re about to scare me to death!”

“You… you… you…” Quan Yalin’s anger was almost burning.

*Spits in contempt

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 35:


Chapter 35 – Challenging Matches

But vaguely in his subconscious, he suddenly felt a trace of regret. He should not have arranged such an incident to provoke such a dragon*-like teenager.

This Ye Qingyu was different from the other commoner students. He was a demon king who did not do things according to the rules.

“Haha, originally I just wanted to walk my own path and leave you to play with your own retarded dog fart schemes. It has nothing to do with me. But in the end, you who think you’re so clever, insists on provoking me.” Ye Qingyu regarded Quan Yalin with disdain, as if he was a high and mighty dragon not willing to associate with a dog.

He coldly laughed. “Since you have provoked me, then you will have to pay the price…” After saying this, Ye Qingyu’s head turned to look at the stages. “Just have a look, a tiny list of ten have made you like wild dogs fighting over a piece of bone, willing to bite at anyone. Since it’s like this, then I will help you!”

After finishing saying this, Ye Qingyu headed towards the stage.

The crowd had no idea what he was about to do.

They only saw Ye Qingyu going towards the teacher in charge of maintaining order, and underwent the challenge requirement testing. After obtaining the right to challenge, he went straight towards Xia Houwu on the stage.

At this time, everyone understood.

So Ye Qingyu wanted to challenge for a spot in the list of ten?

All of a sudden, the moods of numerous students became excited.

They originally thought that the Ye Qingyu who had fallen over five hundred places would be dejected and crestfallen. Who would have imagined that he would be so strong? Just judging from the way he managed to repress Quan Yalin and the others, one could tell that his strength was deep and unmeasurable. Where was the slightest hint of him being dejected and crestfallen?

It looks like today another big event would happen again! ……

The other side.

The noble students surrounded the teacher responsible for maintaining order.

“Could you not see that Ye Qingyu was viciously beating people right now? How can you not interfere?” a teenager with a face like a swollen peach after being slapped by Ye Qingyu shouted loudly.

“We are only in charge of the order of the rings, and not conflicts outside the stages. If you are not satisfied, then you can go complain at the year administration office,” the middle teacher said, his face without expression.

The angry noble students were speechless.

“I’m going to complain. This is a dereliction of your position. This is favouritism, bare and uncovered favouritism…” Quan Yalin was nearly enveloped with wrath. One of his tooth was cracked from Ye Qingyu’s slap.

“Be careful of what you say. Your shouts are affecting the practice grounds. If you continue, then I can only do my duty and discipline you,” the middle aged supervisor said, a serious expression on his face.

The noble students were about to be driven crazy.

This was really strange. In the past, the supervisors would basically be biased towards the noble students. But how come the teachers in front of him would be biased towards Ye Qingyu? The things that happened today were really peculiar.

It seemed as if any incident, as long as it was related to Ye Qingyu, would become abnormal.

At the same time, on the ring, the battle was about to begin.

……

“You’ve finally come. Ahaha, I’ve waited for this opportunity for too long. Ye Qingyu, this time, I will defeat you in front of everyone here…” Xia Houwu began to laugh excitedly.

Of course he saw the scene of Ye Qingyu taking care of Quan Yalin and the others.

But…

I am not Quan Yalin, a trash who only knows schemes and plots. I am Xia Houwu! Through my own strength and power, I managed to place in the top ten of the rankings!

He had absolute confidence in himself.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

He took off the holster that he used to hold his spear from his back, throwing on the grounds of the ring. Then he beckoned with his finger, saying, “Come, I’m busy.”

“You… Hmph, a thing that doesn’t realize his doom is coming. My strength has increased explosively. Today is not yesterday. You dare to be so arrogant, not even using your weapons!” Xia Houwu began laughing maliciously.

Ye Qingyu lips formed an uncaring smile. “To take care of someone like you, there is no need.”

“You are looking for death yourself!” Xia Houwu’s eyebrows frowned balefully. With an angry shout, his blade swept out continuously like an autumn rain, bringing with it a cold wind that enveloped Ye Qingyu.

[Ten Fatal Blades]!

This was a sword technique that he had learned from an extremely strong guard from the Xia Hou military. Every stroke was a killing blow, cruel and ruthless.

Ye Qingyu’s footwork slightly changed, avoiding three strokes of the blade.

“Hahaha, you can only retreat. Do you feel despair? Such a profound sword technique is something that a commoner scrap like you must never have seen before!”

“I had just used such a sword technique to defeat the little girl. Haha, on her delicate little body, I’ve left tens of cuts…”

“Are you angry? Do you want to strike back? Haha, what a pity that you can’t do so. This [Ten Fatal Blades] technique was specially learned to take care of you!”

Xia Houwu’s sword strokes were like lightning, unceasing.

Countless flashes of light from the sword surrounded Ye Qingyu entirely.

“Why do you noble students keep thinking that you are infallible and are so long winded…” Ye Qingyu suddenly stepped forward, one fist striking out.

[Nine Moves of Soul Stealing Fist and Talon]!

This was namely the technique that he had learned from Liu Lei on that day during the practice grounds. But compared to when Liu Lei had used this technique, the way Ye Qingyu utilized this set of techniques was incomparably more brilliant.

The sound of his punch was like thunder!

In a split second, there was suddenly an atmosphere of a powerful army fighting at close quarters in the ring. The punch was like a cavalry charge, advancing courageously without retreat!

Ding!

This punch was extremely accurate, landing on the back of the blade.

Before Xia Houwu could react, the skin between his thumb and forefinger ruptured open. The veins in his fingers exploded, flesh splitting open and blood spattering over… He could not hold his curved blade anymore, the blade soaring away…

His smile froze on his face.

Bang!

Ye Qingyu’s second punch landed on his abdomen.

“HohHoh… eee… ou…” Xia Houwu could not resist in the slightest anymore. He bent his body, his body not listening to him at all, kneeling on the floor. He began to twitch like a shrimp, yellow liquid being vomited from his mouth, nearly even ejecting his gall bladder.

This punch made him lose his entire battle ability.

“Why… Why is… it… like… this…” from deep within Xia Houwu’s throat, several words were gasped out.

He could not understand. It was evidently him who held the upper hand and was about to win. But in a split instant, the roles reversed. The first time that Ye Qingyu had retaliated, he had lost.

“Ahaha.” Ye Qingyu smiled. “Trash.”

He lifted his leg, kicking Xia Houwu out of the stage.

The last punch, he had already not used full strength. Otherwise, the force of that punch was enough to turn Xia Houwu into a pile of meat and bones. But even so, the force of that punch was not something that Xia Houwu was able to withstand.

After finishing this, under the gaze of countless eyes, he jumped off the ring.

……

“Ye Qingyu has won!”

“This… is too quick!”

“He only used one move?”

“Complete domination. The two are not in the same level at all… Xia Houwu already has half a foot in the Spirit spring stage, does that mean Ye Qingyu has truly entered the Spirit spring stage?”

The surrounding first years were very much shocked.

Even if someone had vaguely guessed that Ye Qingyu would win, but no one would have thought that he would win so completely and quickly. This kind of scene was not a scene of two students from the same year fighting each other, but a grown man crushing a child.

The battle prowess that Ye Qingyu displayed was hard to believe.

Is this really the youth that has fallen over five hundred places in the monthly examination?

Don’t make me laugh, if by falling five hundred places, you would be able to acquire this kind of strength, then anyone would be willing to do so!

Those who had previously mocked Ye Qingyu for being crippled were driven crazy.

“Eh? Ye Qingyu has also jumped off the stage… This, what does he want to do?” someone started shouting in surprise. According to the rules, once you defeated the ring master, you were the new ring master. He was able to enter the list of ten, why did he suddenly forfeit his right?

“What does he want to do?”

“He’s walking to another stage?”

“Is he really…”

“Heavens, he’s going to challenge again!”

“He’s challenging another noble student again?”

When they saw Ye Qingyu walking towards another ring, after a short moment of deathly silence, there was a massive uproar. The students finally understood what Ye Qingyu was about to do—

He would continuously defeat the noble students!

Under the eyes of everyone, Ye Qingyu really jumped onto the next ring. The ring master was another genius student from the nobles, his name was Nie Yan. He was from the Western military leader, and his fame was similar to that of Qin Wushuang or Yan Xingtian. Countless people had high hopes for his prospects.

“You dare to challenge me?” Nie Yan’s will to fight was invoked. “Too good, I was in need of a stepping stone. After defeating Xia Houwu, then losing by my hands, that is a perfect story!”

Ye Qingyu did not say anything, only beckoned with his hand again.

“Arrogance!” Nie Yan’s weapon, was a blunt double edged sword that was even taller than him. Very evidently he was also a student that specialized in strength.

The huge sword swung.

Invisible gusts of wind dispersed.

Ye Qingyu only smiled. Specializing in strength? Then this is just perfect.

He took out a part of the [Inexorable spear], holding it in one hand. Casually, he swung it out to block the huge sword in Nie Yan’s hand.

Boom!

As if an apocalyptic impact had happened in Heaven and Earth.

The huge metallic sounds caused the ears of the surrounding students to ring as if they have gone deaf.

The sword weighing three hundred pounds or so was like a blade of grass. It was sent flying over twenty meters, then falling heavily to the ground. The students near the impact spot quickly rushed away as if they had seen a ghost. With a huge sound, a deep crater was formed in the ground. As for Nie Yan himself, he was also sent soaring out the ring.

He managed to forcefully stand up on the ground, shock and dejection on his face. The sleeves on his arms were torn apart, blood covering his arms. The skin between his thumb and forefinger had ruptured, and all the muscles in his arms had torn apart!

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 36:


Chapter 36 – Continuous Victory “I…” He opened his mouth to say something, then spurted out blood. With a wobble, he fainted.

There was a deathly silence all around.

This was the Nie Yan who was famed for his incomparable strength!

One must be aware that previously, within the first years, there were very few people who could withstand even a casual strike from him. And yet today, Nie Yan lost in his strongest specialty—

The full power strike of Nie Yan was casually blocked by a swing of Ye Qingyu’s spear. It even sent his sword flying, the impact injuring his arm and internal organs, spurting blood out and fainting!

Quan Yalin was both angry and frightened when he saw this scene. It was as if he was being viciously slapped in the face again. He was quivering with anger, but there was nothing he could do!

He suddenly felt, that today he had made an idiotic decision.

The noble students beside him were all livid but right now, their faces were white with fear. This kind of power, not only did they have no way to stand against it, but it was outside their realm of imagination!

Why was it that such an invincible person would emerge from within the commoners?

This was a question that puzzled many people.

Amidst another moment of silence, Ye Qingyu jumped off the ring. He headed for the third ring.

He had no expression on his face, dragging the spear in one hand. The blade of the spear rubbed against the stones tiles, producing a terrifying noise and a series of sparks!

“This… cannot be allowed to continue, or else…” Quan Yalin shouted. If today he really allowed Ye Qingyu to drag all the noble students down then it signified that the entire noble population of first years could no longer lift up their heads.

“Quickly go get a teacher!”

“After defeating the ring master, then you are the ring master. You can’t be allowed to challenge… He… He is breaking the rules!”

“Too arrogant! He’s disregarding the rules and is out of control!”

The noble students cried out in panic.

At this time, Ye Qingyu had already entered onto the third stage. The master of this ring was a white-robed youth that looked extremely agile. Holding two swords in his hands, he looked at Ye Qingyu and said, “Haha, commoner scraps are really such brutes that don’t even know the rules. You only rely on your brute strength… if you have guts then lets compete on sword techniques!”

Ye Qingyu, “Haha!”

The next second.

His fists created winds akin to a surging tsunami that completely submerged the teenager who thought he was so clever!

Under the ring.

“Lost… Lost again?”

“The one with the reputation as being the strongest swordsman, Tong Wei, has also lost!”

“Ye Qingyu’s strength is really too terrifying. Using strength to overcome technique. Even the most intricate swordsmanship, in front of that terrifying avalanche like power, is useless….”

“That damn brute!”

“Demon king!”

The students discussed heatedly.

The noble students were all filled with righteous anger, but were helpless. Delight filled the faces of every commoner student. Although in the past days, they did not have much interaction with Ye Qingyu, but his actions that were akin to slapping the noble students in the face made them feel extremely satisfied!

“Where is the teacher? Why has no one come out to stop this trash…”

“This is subverting the order of the challenging matches, why does no one care?”

“What does this little trash want to do? Does he want to turn head teacher Wang Yan’s list of ten into a joke?”

Quan Yalin and the others were like frightened rabbits, crying out loudly.

The people who they had sent for reinforcements had not yet arrived. And for some unknown reason, the teachers responsible for maintaining order only stood around the stages. They did not move to stop Ye Qingyu’s actions.

……

From far away.

Within the air.

An invisible barrier prevented the students from sensing their existence. Therefore, they could not see, above the practice grounds, five figures looking down and observing everything that had happened!

“This little fellow is really making trouble…”

The white-robed old man, not knowing whether to laugh or cry, shook his head slightly. He looked to be around a hundred years old, every inch of his hair snowy white, with long white eyebrows that grew to his shoulder!

“Dean, should we really let him do as he pleases?” a black-clothed, square-faced middle-aged man said without any expression.

“Haha, the things about first years, let little Yan take care of herself.” The old man shook his head, white light shimmering around him, then disappearing.

The black-robed man nodded thoughtfully.

The next instant, he also disappeared.

Within the air, only the head teacher of the first years, Wang Yan, the great teacher, Hon Kong, and the burly teacher, Wen Wan, were left.

“I suddenly feel the things that this little bastard does is very similar to what I’ve done when I was young,” Wen Wan said with a pleased smile. “No wonder he is a disciple that your father, I, taught.”

“The little scoundrel really takes the tyrannical from [Tyrant] and demonstrates it fully.” Hon Kong also had a pleased smile. “I’ve already said, his martial idol is the killing Asura god. With such a personality, how can he possibly endure their provocations. Haha, of course he follows his character. I like this.”

The head teacher Wang Yan helplessly massaged her head. “You two narcissists, you’ve already concealed your identity for so many years but you still don’t change your personality. I can’t stand you any more… you guys talk, I’ll leave first!”

“Ah? You’re going to leave just like that? Then what should we do about the events today?”

Wang Yan gave the bustling events down below a glance. “What can we do? Just allow the little scoundrel to do what he wants.”

Black lines appeared on Hon Kong’s facial expression, a picture of defeat on his face. He said, “After discussing for so long, the one who spoils him the most is really you.”

“That’s right, aren’t you afraid of spoiling him too much?” Wen Wan had a morally righteous look on his face.

Wang Yan gave the two men a glare. “Stop pretending. If I really decided to stop this little scoundrel, then the first to rush out to protect him will definitely be you two, no?”

Hon Kong and Wen Wan glanced at each other, laughing embarrassingly.

Wang Yan sighed and said, “The torturous experience that this child has gone through is not something that someone of the same age can imagine. His personality is accommodating and he has his own ideas of doing things. It looks like he is just causing trouble, but he must have deeper intentions. And in these years, the academy is divided. When the old Dean was here, he wanted to stop the conflict between the nobles and the commoners. Today, by borrowing this child’s hand to suppress the arrogant and conceited nobles, a good thing can also be done. And the people in the list of ten should also experience some setbacks. Only through knowing that there is always someone better than you can you truly grow.”

“But I fear that through this incident, the strength of this little bastard will become evident. Liu Yuancheng, that government official, I fear he will have bad intentions again,” Wen Wan said seriously.

“Just leave this to Blue Sky. In this Deer City, even if the city leader wants to act against Blue Sky, he’ll have to carefully consider the master of that lunatic.” Wang Yan laughed.

……

At the same time that they were speaking, Ye Qingyu had already challenged to the seventh ring.

On these seven stages, all of the ring masters were noble students. Especially the number ten stage, it was originally held by a commoner student called Li Da. It was then taken by noble students through extended challenges, whose new ring master was extremely conceited. He was also crushed by Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu completely dominated every stage he went through.

No one was able to block one strike of his spear.

The amount of force that Ye Qingyu could produce had completely shaken all the students.

The teachers that Quan Yalin and the others were hoping to arrive did not appear.

It was as if the academy did not know about this incident, sending no one to take care of anything.

At this time, Ye Qingyu stood in front of the last three rings.

Qin Wushuang, Yan Xingtian and Song Qingluo were on the stages.

From the start of the challenging matches to now, no one has challenged Qin Wushuang.

Because no matter whether considering the selection results or the monthly examination results, the strength that he displayed was too strong. His strength was like a divine mountain, suppressing everyone till they can’t breathe.

The establishment of such respect and prestige was not done overnight.

Qin Wushuang was the number one expert of the first years. No matter what angle you considered him from, be it strength, talent, status or background, it was all flawless. There could be no one that could challenge his position.

There was not one student who dared face Qin Wushuang.

No matter it be it Xia Houwu, Liu Lei, dissatisfied nobles or commoners not content with their position. No one dared.

Qin Wushuang stood high up in the number one ring, observing the surrounding students. He was like a monarch observing his citizens. Even if Ye Qingyu was able to continuously defeat the seven ring masters, it could not cause the slightest change in his facial expression.

On the other side, Yan Xingtian had already accepted forty five challenges.

He had injuries all around his body, but still stood as firm as a rock on the ring. Even the Quan Yalin who had conceived the scheme to drag him down did not imagine that this commoner student would be so tough and tenacious, managing to retain his spot till now.

He had a solemn and stern expression. He looked at Ye Qingyu, not saying anything.

From Yan Xingtian expression, no one could guess his thoughts or emotions. There was not any joy at Ye Qingyu crushing the nobles nor was there the anger from the number two person at someone stealing his thunder.

He only stood there silently.

No one could guess what he was thinking.

It seemed that there never had been anyone who could tell when Yan Xingtian was happy, angry, sad or joyful.

Song Qingluo’s expression on the other hand was slightly uncomfortable. Ye Qingyu’s explosive actions had completely shocked her. Apart from shock, she could also clearly feel her weakness compared to him. If Ye Qingyu’s next objective was her, then unquestionably, she would not be able to retain her position.

Ye Qingyu had a faint smile on his face, walking towards the next stage.

The crowd started heating up.

“Who is it? Who is it? Who will Ye Qingyu choose next?”

“It should be Song Qingluo? She is after all, part of the nobles’ circle…”

“Quickly look, he is really walking towards Song Qingluo’s ring!”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

