Chapter 5:


Chapter 5 – Golden Meridians

At this time, the people following behind Ye Qingyu, also started discussing noisily.

Everyone wanted to enjoy the show, and it caused the entire testing grounds to become jam packed. The faces of all were filled with excitement, but the expressions in their gaze differed. Everyone wanted to know what medicine Ye Qingyu was selling in his gourd.*

“What’s happening? Why is there suddenly so many people?”

Facing such chaos, the second year students who were responsible for maintaining order was astounded.

“Very well, young man, you can go through the appraisal. I wish you luck.” After a small consideration, the old man smilingly accepted Ye Qingyu’s request.

“Thank you, instructor.”

Ye Qingyu respectfully said a word of thanks, then turned around and walked towards the [Bronze Meridian Human] located in the middle of the grounds.

“This is against the rules of the academy…” Within the crowd, someone loudly protested. It was of course the wealthily-dressed teenager whose eyes were filled with the gleam of hatred, trying to stop the appraisal.

Who would have guessed that the white-haired old supervisor would not even spare him a glance.

The majority of their vision was settled onto Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was not nervous like the other examinees but slowly raised his hand and placed his palm on the back of the [Bronze Meridian Human].

Nearly at the same time, within the bronze statue a vibration began. A strange heat flowed into the arm of Ye Qingyu, and into his entire body.

It was an extremely mysterious feeling.

The next instant, changes began appearing on the [Bronze Meridian Human].

The two most important meridians seemed to be bursting with some sort of strange energy, suddenly brightening with a golden glow.

“This…” The white-haired old man was about to sit down when he saw this change, his body suddenly freezing in place.

“Golden meridian?” The sophomores responsible for recording has eyes wide with disbelief and two of them uncontrollably let out sounds of shock.

The body’s meridian could be separated into four classes, with the golden meridian being the highest and the rarest. The person possessing such meridians when training would find it much more easy and effective, truly a child beloved by the heavens.

This scene was witnessed by the crowd, and caused an explosion of sound.

“Heavens, golden meridian? Ye Qingyu really has golden meridian?”

“Is this really the trash that was eliminated four years in a row?”

“This is hard to believe!”

“Was the words of the Dean truly not wrong? Today, is his words going to come true?”

“What is happening in this year’s White Deer Academy selection process? There has already been four appearances of golden meridians Ye Qingyu will be the fifth. You need to know that when admitting students, a person with golden meridians might not appear even within ten years!”

The entire crowd was excited.

No one would have thought, those who had come to witness a show would see such a result.

It was too shocking!

“Impossible, this is impossible, how can it be possible?” The wealthily- dressed youth hidden within the crowd looked like he had seen a ghost rubbing his eyes furiously as if he did not believe in what he saw.

The widely acknowledged trash by the entire Deer City, the laughing stock, was he really going to change his fate today?

That poor garbage, how was it possible that he had golden meridians?

Liu Ye himself only possessed bronze meridians.

“Wait, what if his meridians are brilliant? There are still five appraisals the passing mark is done by combining all six before you are allowed to enter White Deer Academy…” Liu Ye said, not willing to accept this grinding his teeth, his face hideous but in heart he was in turmoil.

HumHumHumHum!

The [Bronze Meridian Human] looked like it had come alive, endlessly producing sounds of vibrations.

Those who saw this were all tongue tied, then the abnormality happened —-

The lines engraved on the [Bronze Meridian Human] representing the meridians, one after another began to brighten. The purest golden colour, bringing with it a dream-like radiance, began to spread out throughout the entire body of the statue, enveloping the entire appraisal grounds in its golden splendour.

In the blink of an eye, [Bronze Meridian Human], over eighty percent of the meridians was shrouded in a golden light.

The entire crowd was stunned.

There was a deathly silence.

“This is not right, if this continues, then all the meridians within the [Bronze Meridian Human] will be illuminated. This is no longer simply golden meridians…” The white-haired old man suddenly thought of something.

This old man remembered a legend he had once heard.

He squinted his eyes, an extremely shaken light emitting from his eyes.

“This can’t go on, if this child performs too brightly, then when the news comes out, it will not go well for him…”

Mindful of this, the old man opened his mouth to speak, “The appraisal ended, number 8888 examinee Ye Qingyu, golden meridian, passed!”

His voice emitted across the entire grounds.

The golden light in the [Bronze Meridian Human] began to dim gradually.

Ye Qingyu hesitated slightly, he had this feeling that the heat within the [Bronze Meridian Human] still had not reached its climax, it was still possible to go on but it was suddenly forcefully stopped. It was slightly perplexing.

But he did not think too much, stopping the appraisal and turned around to say thanks to the lead supervisor.

The white-haired old man carefully examined Ye Qingyu from top to bottom, only after ten breaths of time did he smile and nod his head saying, “Good, very good, extremely good, it looks like this year our White Deer Academy will again produce a young genius!”

Ye Qingyu gave a slight laugh, and unabashedly said, “En, I too feel I am a genius.”

The white-haired old man was slightly taken aback, then started laughing vigorously. He passed back the nameplate and said, “An extremely interesting fellow. Very well, your meridian examination results are recorded in your name plate, you can continue on to the next appraisal.”

Ye Qingyu respectfully said his thanks.

He had always felt that he was a young man who could separate love and hate.

Heart to heart, if someone gives him warmth, then he will return with sincerity. If someone treats him coldly, than he will repay with his fists.**

The instant Ye Qingyu left the appraisal grounds, the crowds from their silent state suddenly exploded like a fryer when a handful of salt was tossed in.

Those who had previously verbally mocked Ye Qingyu, suddenly understood something.

Many people began to feel that, today, something mysterious was going to happen.

“Quick, follow, Ye Qingyu is going to his next appraisal.”

“The next test is to test his natural talent!”

“Is his natural talent going to be first class too?”

The crowd was like the magma in an exploding volcano, the atmosphere filled with a burning excitement. People quickly walked, impatiently following. At the same time, the events that happened here today seemed as it grew wings and spread out across all directions.

The storm, was currently brewing.

The wealthily-dressed youth was dumbfounded for a moment, then grinded his teeth and followed on.

…

After 10 minutes.***

Within the natural talent appraisal grounds.

“Heavens, how can this be possible?”

“Natural talent of ninth grade?”****

“This is not natural!”

“This… how did Ye Qingyu do this?”

Within the natural talent appraisal grounds, a noble pale golden light spread out like a surging wave the radius of over a hundred meters. And this golden light was emitted from a four-meter- high obsidian structure.

[Talent Torch!]

This was the treasure that White Deer Academy used to test for natural talent.

The [Talent Torch] was said to have been made with materials outside Heaven wasteland, and the mysterious scriptures within was from the hands of Snow Country’s royal family rune masters. The torch was extremely effective, as long as the examinee held the torch, through the rune engraved, the torch could test how high the natural talent of the torch holder was.

When Ye Qingyu held the end of the [Talent Torch], even the nine stones flame flowers embedded on the torch began to emit a golden light.

The blossoming of the nine flame flowers, meant that Ye Qingyu was a ninth grade talent.

It was the highest natural talent in the history of White Deer Academy.

Everyone around was tongue tied, after seeing the shabbily-dressed handsome teenager with straw shoes hold the torch. In the golden glow of the torch, they had this feeling for an instant that they were in the presence of the War God of the human race holding a divine artifact.

“Number 8888 Ye Qingyu, natural talent classification ninth grade first class, successfully passed the appraisal.

The head supervisor swallowed a mouthful of saliva and loudly announced the results of the appraisal.

This was the third time this year’s examination someone was able to make the nine flame flowers bloom on the [Talent Torch].

He had already seen the previous results of the appraisal on Ye Qingyu through the nameplate. Golden meridians plus ninth grade first class talent, this result even without undergoing any more testing was too frightening. Even if Ye Qingyu did not participate in any more appraisals he was already well qualified to enter White Deer Academy.

“Who would have thought that our White Deer Academy, will have another genius seedling!”

In his heart he had already decided, that in the future he would have to give more attention to this teenager.

If no accidents happen, this child was destined to be this year White Deer Academy selection process’ star pupil. It was a pity that this youth came from a poor background, his cultivation was fated to be a little harder than normal.

Ye Qingyu thanked the head supervisor and left for the next appraisal.

The crowd stared at the back of this youth. From now on, no one will ever look on Ye Qingyu with mockery, scorn or contempt.

Because they understood, from today onwards, the entire Deer City will revise their judgement of this teenager.

“How can this possibly be?”

The wealthily-dressed youth was dumbfounded, his vision going black and as if he had gone crazy, kept repeating the same phrase.

……

The name of the middle-aged goateed man was named Liu Heng. ****

He had already been in the White Deer Academy for over thirty-one years.

Thirty-one years ago, Liu Heng with the worst results, managed to enter White Deer Academy. His natural talent had always been average, and he had not been hard-working at all when cultivating so he has always been unknown.

His classmates had already successfully graduated, all except for him where he finally managed to use ten years of time to finish the four-year course.

Luckily the Liu family was a large merchant company in the city, where their financial power was not low. Relying on the family’s resources and money, and through a lot of thought and attention, he had finally managed to stay on at White Deer Academy as a supervisor.

He was a miscellaneous supervisor, and was not responsible for teaching, but was only responsible for back line operations.

Liu Heng did not have much of a position within White Deer Academy but he still liked to rely on his position to bully the students. When facing people from outside the academy, he was very arrogant, not daring to do large wrongs but constantly performing small misdeeds. Because of the relationship between the Liu family and the White Deer Academy, the higher ups of White Deer Academy had always turned a blind eye to the actions of Liu Heng.

*Chinese Idiom: Basically what is he hiding.

** the translation here is a bit literal… but yeah, you get the gist of it right? xD *** Technically they used an archaic Chinese measurement for time, (tea time lol), but its roughly around 10 minutes.

****Hallelujah, we have a name now xD

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 6:


Chapter 6 – The Shadow of the Divine Ancient Mountain

This time, hindering Ye Qingyu was partly to help Liu Ye take out his anger.

The wealthily-dressed youth was also part of the Liu family. If you thought about it, he could be considered Liu Heng’s nephew.

The other part was because someone had secretly instructed him to do so, and the person who instructed him to do so was an important figure that he had always wanted to ingratiate himself with.

Liu Heng naturally allowed the boat to flow along with the water*, and did a big favour for this person. Besides, in his eyes, Ye Qingyu was nothing but a trash that he could easily manipulate.

“Haha, the world has always been realistic. A trash should have the self- awareness of a trash… “

Liu Heng sat on his chair, lifted his teacup and sipped a mouth of tea.

His eyes were almost shut, patiently waiting for Ye Qingyu to come back and beg him.

He dared to threaten the head supervisor, he really thinks of himself as a big shot?

A garbage from the poor, if he didn’t let him go through the appraisal what could he do to me?”

This feeling of casually deciding someone’s fate from far above gave great pleasure to him.

At this time—

“Supervisor, supervisor…” a hurried voice travelled over, it was the recording student who he had sent over to investigate. On the student’s face, was a strange expression.

“What is it?” Liu Heng casually asked.

The student’s expression was slightly odd, hesitated for a bit, then related all that he saw about Ye Qingyu’s actions later in detail.

Pak!

Before the student had finished, the purple teapot in his hand had fallen to ground and shattered to pieces.

The purple teapot was once his treasured possession and normally he would treat it like a precious pearl where if even a small mark appeared he would fuss over it for the majority of the day. But right now, Liu Heng whose heart was hammering like mad, did not have the heart to worry about the shattering of the purple teapot.

“You… what did you say?”

Liu Heng’s voice was inexplicably croaky, his face pale. He reached out for the chair to support him standing up, his entire body quivering.

An enormous wave of fear and regret nearly drowned him.

He had actually refused someone with golden meridians and ninth grade first class talent to enter the blood qi appraisal?

Heavens, even if you only used your toe to think**, such an error, when discovered by the higher ups of the academy, would definitely affect his position which was inherently unstable in the first place.

How could things develop in such a way?

That Ye Qingyu, was he not a useless trash?

“You… Did you look clearly?” Liu Heng sank to his seat, powerless.

The student with a pitying gaze, seriously nodded his head.

Within Liu Heng’s heart, a low moan was emitted.

At this instant, he finally understood something —

At that time Ye Qingyu was not wrong, he would really have to go beg him.

This time, no matter what costs he had to pay, he had to go bitterly beg

Ye Qingyu to enter the blood qi testing before the higher ups found out.

If not…

“I am really regretful, I should never have fucking participated in this…

Liu Ye you little bastard, I’ll definitely beat you to death!” Liu Heng ferociously thought.

……

Perseverance examination grounds.

Ye Qingyu’s was sitting cross-legged, as if he was in meditation.

Within the examination grounds, the green-grey stone floor had already been activated, waves of invisible energy surging out. Above Ye Qingyu’s head in a thirty foot radius, a mirage of a mountain appeared.

Layers and layers of mountains, it was towering and majestic like an ancient divine mountain.

This mirage, was as if Ye Qingyu was carrying countless mountains.

If you look carefully, there were nine layers on the ancient divine mountain.

“Nine layered ancient divine mountain mirage… Nine overlapping peaks this is the symbol for ninth grade first class perseverance.”

“For the examinees, the divine mountain mirage is not an illusion. In reality, their consciousness is now enduring the true weight of the divine mountain!”

“This appraisal tests for perseverance. The higher the perseverance, the more divine mountain mirages you can withstand. Being able to withstand three is a pass, enduring five can be counted as good enduring seven is excellent, and the mirage is only complete when you can endure nine. This is extremely rare, even throughout the entire history of the test!”

“This Ye Qingyu is too terrifying, he has been silently enduring the divine mountain mirage for over ten minutes. Such perseverance, he can already place in the top three of this year’s selection test!”

“Nine peak mirage has appeared, too frightening!”

Everyone discussed animatedly.

Right now, the bystanders were not solely composed of people who had come to enjoy the show.

As the news spread out, more and more people of status had come here. Seeing this incident, and combining it with what they heard about Ye Qingyu’s meridians and natural talent results, they instantly realised an event that would shock the entire Deer City was about to happen.

The prophecy of the old Dean, was it going to come true?

“Number 8888 Ye Qingyu, withstanding nine peaks of weight, ninth grade first class talent…” the head supervisor of the perseverance examination loudly announced the results of the appraisal, recording the results into the nameplate.

Ye Qingyu said thanks, receiving the nameplate.

The bystanders already numbered well in the hundreds, and their eyes were locked onto Ye Qingyu.

Within this crowd, there were people from the city leader, from various aristocrats, from different merchant companies, from different mercenary groups. Of course, there were also people wearing a white-robe with silver antlers embroidered, the high class teachers of the White Deer Academy. They were all unmovingly regarding Ye Qingyu.

In reality, every year that White Deer Academy recruit students, for those groups entrenched within White Deer Academy, was an extremely gluttonous feast.

This was a world where the strongest rules, where the rules were written using fists and weapons. Apart from cultivation techniques and treasures, a youth possessing extreme talent was a resource treated with great attention by all groups.

Therefore, every year when the White Deer Academy recruitment process began, many interest groups would place great attention onto this process.

They did not possess the terrifying calling power of White Deer Academy, able to summon teenagers everywhere from thousands of kilometers to take part in the selection. But what they could do, was in the White Deer Academy’s selection process, take in these genius youths as part of their group.

Because White Deer Academy was not a sect, nor a family clan, they would not place too many restrictions on the students or prevent them from joining the interest groups within the city — Quite the opposite White Deer Academy has always encouraged their students to choose their own paths and learn for themselves so they could sooner learn the rules of this world.

So a large part of youth who exhibited prodigious talent within the selection process, apart from those who came from noble backgrounds the majority would join big or small interest groups within Deer City.

After both sides had signed a contract, these interest groups would provide for free resources for the student’s cultivation. After graduation the student would become part of the interest group and work for them.

After all, the path to martial cultivation was a journey that needed to expend a vast amount of resources and money. Even for those above average wealthy families, even if they spent their entire wealth, they may not be able to support the needs of someone cultivating.

So for the students, this was an important choice.

A mutually beneficial relationship.

Of course, if after graduation, the students would exhibit even greater talent like Yi Ling-er and be selected by sects with colossal resources and become a disciple, this was another matter altogether.

At that time, the contract between students and the interest groups would automatically be nullified and they would regain their freedom.

And these interest groups would receive suitable compensation from these sects.

In this scenario, everyone was happy.

In this year’s White Deer Academy selection process, in the previous nine days, all the interest groups had already recruited not an inconsiderable number of youths that they were satisfied with. At this time, they should have been heading back, feeling pleased.

But the talent that Ye Qingyu exhibited was too great and caused these peoples to be attracted here.

The previous three appraisals, were all the very best results.

For such a result, even if you did not take part in the other three appraisals, entering White Deer Academy was no longer a problem. And these results were also enough to cause the major groups of the city to go wild.

Furthermore, Ye Qingyu was a well-known child from the poor. He had no one to rely on and thus making him easier to recruit.

“Little brother, I am a guard from the Qing Luo Merchant Company Luanping. This is our president’s invitation.” A tall, skinny middle-aged man with a horse face containing a faint smile, handed over a gilded card and said, “Would little brother Ye be willing to find some time to have a conversation?”

After his words, the surrounding people exclaimed and chatted excitedly.

The financial power of Qing Luo Merchant Company, could be ranked in the top five of the entire Deer City. And what was given out was the president’s invitation gilded with gold, this was definitely a sign that the most precious spot of this selection process would be given to Ye Qingyu.

Under the gaze of countless eyes, Ye Qingyu only faintly smiled. “I want to first enter the academy, then return and think about such things.”

The guard from the Qing Luo Merchant Company hesitated for a bit then nodded his head. “That’s fine too.”

He retrieved the invitation.

Ye Qingyu said this blandly, but anyone could see this was a refusal to Qing Luo Merchant Company.

Everyone thought he would consider it for a bit, no one thought that he would reject it so crisply.

“Haha, little brother Ye is really a person with ambition. A mere merchant company, how can it be fit for such a young genius,” an exaggerated laughter travelled across.

From the crowds, came a short and fat person like a winter melon. He held a gilded fan and had a pale face with a bearded jaw.

The fatty came closer, and said with a smile, “I am from the northern military leader, General Wei. I am a warrior under his command, Lam Dong. Little brother Ye, my master admires you very much…”

Ye Qingyu did not wait for him to finish when suddenly a cold smile appeared on his face. “The northern military leader? Lam Dong? Haha, I remember you damn fatty but I also remember four years ago when I entered the academy selection process this was not what you said…”

Lam Dong’s face was filled with awkwardness.

Ye Qingyu was a person who remembered his grievances.

Four years ago, Lam Dong had already said the same compliments to Ye Qingyu.

Because at that time, the Northern Military Leader, like many other groups, also believed in the old Dean’s prophecy. To recruit Ye Qingyu they spent a large amount of money.

*Chinese idiom, kinda means to go with the flow of things.

** Not an idiom but this was too good to not keep literal xD

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 7:


Chapter 7 – Before, I Was Just Having A Joke With You

However, after Ye Qingyu had been eliminated, he immediately desisted in his recruitment. He even coldly laughed and left a few words, “So you were just a stinky trash, wasting my time…”

“Haha, people have to look forward into the future, remembering grievances isn’t a good thing…” Lam Dong smiled blandly, but his tone carried with it a shred of threat.

“Fuck your ancestors*… Scram!”

Ye Qingyu insulted him straightforwardly.

“You…” Lam Dong’s expression was frozen. Being insulted in front of so many people, he became incensed.

Ye Qingyu did not even spare him a glance, turning around and clasping his hands together, saying: “Everyone, before entering White Deer Academy, I don’t want to think about anything else, please be understanding.”

This was making things clear, that he temporarily would not accept any sort of recruitment from any of the groups.

After saying this, Ye Qingyu walked onwards towards the fifth selection grounds.

This was Ye Qingyu’s temperament, he would never be soft and yield to others.

In the past, the fatty changed his attitude quicker than flicking a page through a book. Afterwards, he mocked Ye Qingyu multiple times and now he wants Ye Qingyu to work for them?

There was no way that was going to happen.

Such a decisive and unyielding action, made people exclaim with shock.

Lam Dong was the staff of the northern military leader and right now one side of his face was red and the other side was green with anger. He was so livid that his beard was about to float.

In so many years, who did not give him face? Who would have thought that today he would be slapped in the face by a little trash who had managed to change his fate slightly…

In comparison, Luanping from Qing Luo Merchant Company laughed happily.

“Quickly, continue to follow, let’s have a look at the other results of Ye Qingyu.”

“This Ye Qingyu, no wonder it is said that youths have the bravery of a tiger. He is too straightforward, in a moment he has already offended northern military leader. The northern, eastern, southern and western military leaders are akin to an existence like the city ruler, offending any one of them is not a good idea!”

“Brittle steel can easily snap. This attitude is not too good, even if he is a genius. If anything happens to him before he reaches his full potential, in the end when he dies, he is just soil!”

The discussion continued on and everyone followed.

Within the bustling crowd, the wealthily-dressed youth was grinding his teeth. When he was about to follow, suddenly something happened.

Behind him a shadow came rushing at him, and from his back gave him a hard slap on the face. The slap was enough to make him see golden stars and after spinning around two times, he finally managed to stabilise…

Liu Ye was enraged, heat rushing to his head and swore loudly: “Who’s the mongrel that hit me…”

“You dare speak? I need to hit you, little bastard who caused trouble for me…” an extremely familiar and angry voice said.

Liu Ye hesitated, seeing the person who had slapped him, was the head supervisor of the blood qi testing, and was someone from his own clan Liu Heng.

Understanding the reason, his entire body shrunk in size.

“Where are the people? Where’s Ye Qingyu?” Liu Heng said angrily and impatiently. “What’s the result of the fourth appraisal?”

Liu Ye cradled his face, reported the test results and pointed to far away saying “He went to participate in the fifth appraisal…”

“What? Another ninth grade first class talent?” After Liu Heng heard this he began to feel a headache, his legs shivering.

The better the results of Ye Qingyu, the more trouble he would face.

Once the higher ups of the academy knew how he attempted to suppress such a genius, the result would be akin to a catastrophe.

“Damn this is going to drive me to death with anger! You little good for nothing mongrel, causing trouble for me!”

The enraged Liu Heng was driven crazy, but it was a pity that there was no medicine in this world for regret. He could only continue to fiercely slap Liu Ye for a few moment, then he quickly followed in the direction of Ye Qingyu.

According to his calculations, today he might have to bow down and call Ye Qingyu his father**. He needed to beg Ye Qingyu to return to the blood qi testing grounds.

“I… I…”

The wealthily-dressed youth’s face was swollen like a pig, spitting out blood. He was filled with anger and hatred but there was nothing he could do.

……

Liu Heng could not care about the demeanour of a head supervisor anymore. Under countless strange stares, he ran wildly after, quickly reaching the fifth appraisal grounds.

This was the bone structure testing grounds.

But there was no sign of Ye Qingyu.

Nor was there too much people.

“Where are they? Where is Ye Qingyu?” Liu Heng was extremely impatient, grabbing a second year student who was responsible for maintaining order.

The student, after seeing the supervisor’s clothing, did not dare to respond slowly. He said, “You’ve come to chase after genius Ye too? He came, the bone structure testing has already ended, genius Ye effortlessly activated the bone structure stone. The golden light emitted by the stone illuminated over a hundred meters, and it was determined by the great teacher of first years to be ninth grade first class bone structure.

“What? Its ninth grade first class again?” Liu Heng was about to go crazy.

Heavens, are you playing with me right now?

The student did not notice his expression and said enthusiastically “That’s right, I heard junior brother Ye’s previous appraisals had obtained ninth grade first class for everything. This is really hard to believe. Our White Deer Academy will really produce such a big genius…”

Liu Heng felt his vision going dark, nearly fainting.

What he feared has finally come. The great teacher of the first years has finally shown himself?

White Deer Academy was largely divided according to the years of the students and the students you taught. Under the Dean was the four head teachers of their years, and ranking beneath that was namely the great teacher of the first years.

Such an existence, his strength must at the very least be at the upper average of the Spirit Spring*** stage. This was a person that had real power, when compared to a trash teacher like Liu Heng, one word from him was enough to make him disappear from White Deer Academy.

“Looking at your expression, you must be so happy that you’re shocked right?” The student was a chatterbox, not stopping at all. “Our White Deer Academy has produced such a genius, and when added to the others who have made top ten in the rankings, I believe in the upcoming ten schools battle, we can definitely get a good result, and this event will be something that we can be proud of!

Liu Heng started crying but without tears, turning to head on towards the sixth appraisal.

“I hope I am in time to fix this.”

He was praying in his heart.

…

The sixth appraisal grounds.

It was to test the martial mind and personality of the examinees.

Ye Qingyu stood where he was.

“Who would have that your divine idol* would be the killing Asura idol!” A middle-aged man with a face like white jade and a noble air, laughed heartily to the heavens his eyes gleaming with light: “Good, killing decisively, fearing nothing, this is the true meaning behind the Asura idol. This kind of personality is tyrannical, I like it, hahaha!”一

Ye Qingyu was in the middle of the appraisal grounds.

In front of him were seven idols of divine deities, each of them different.

Some of them was human shaped, others were plant-like or beast-like.

Every one of them was like it they were vividly alive, each bringing a different atmosphere and pressure, staring in all directions of the crowd.

And one of the human shaped idols had a strange appearance possessing six limbs each holding different weapons. A killing pressure emitted from it, as if it was a War God, and the beams of light gradually faded across the entire grounds. A terrifying killing intent gradually began to be hidden again within the idol, this was namely the Asura idol.

It was also the idol that Ye Qingyu had manage to resonate with.

Within the selection process of White Deer Academy, the personality testing was not that important and was not a hard requirement. It was only used, on some level, for testing the examinees martial heart.

The martial heart was also a person’s conscience.

Within this world, some people were kind, some people were weak some people were timid, some people were killers, some people were tough, some people were cautious, some people were brutal, some people were soft, some people were passionate like an intense flame while others were like a slow breeze, some people planned while some people only acted on impulse…

Different people possessed different martial hearts.

Different martial hearts, within the selection process, would activate the glow of different idols.

The idol that Ye Qingyu activated was the killing Asura idol. This represented decisive killing, vengeance and clearly differentiating between kindness and enmity. It was a mentality that was exceptionally extreme.

Those who possessed such a martial heart, once he had finished cultivating, would definitely be a decisive killer and a lord who would inspire awe.

The only drawback was that for such a person, killing was a decision too be easily made and would cause some moral people to look down upon him.

Once the results were announced, the surroundings began to discuss animatedly.

Ye Qingyu’s previous meridians, bone structure, natural talent examination results had long exceeded the ordinary. But right now, the killer personality that he displayed, one could imagine in the future he would be a double edged sword, being able to hurt the enemy but also oneself.

But the middle-aged great teacher seemed to admire Ye Qingyu’s martial heart very much, continuing to compliment him.

“Hahaha, not bad, very good, I didn’t think on the last day of the selection, our White Deer Academy was able to obtain such a treasure,” the great teacher said in abarely disguised excitement.

He said laughingly, “You’re called Ye Qingyu? I know about you. It seems the old Dean’s judgement was not wrong. You really are a genius, although four years have been wasted but with your talent catching up is not impossible. I welcome you to White Deer Academy.”

Ye Qingyu has finally entered White Deer Academy.

All the mockery and laughter that had begun four years ago were put to a stop now, disappearing like clouds and smokes.

The faces of countless people in Deer City will be mercilessly slapped by the result of today.

“Thank you great teacher!” Ye Qingyu bowed in thanks, then shook his head. “But disciple still has an appraisal, I fear I cannot enter the academy just yet.”

“Eh? There’s still more? Personality test is the sixth appraisal, how can there be one that you have not gone through?” The first year great teach frowned, and a serious pressure began to be emitted. He said, “What exactly has happened?”

Ye Qingyu was about to speak…

“Your subordinate Liu Heng, greets great teacher Kong,” the goateed blood testing supervisor said as he ran here, his body heaving as he tried to breath. Then, he ignored everything else and was all smiles when he looked at Ye Qingyu. He said, “Brother Ye, I’ve looked for you for half a day already, previously I was just joking with you, quickly come with me to undergo the blood qi testing…

He gave a wink to Ye Qingyu, his entire face filled with flattery with the previous pride and arrogance all gone.

Ye Qingyu only coldly smiled but did not say anything.

“You are the head supervisor of the first appraisal?” Hon Kong, as the great teacher of the first years, was extremely experienced and could see something was wrong in a glance. He pointed at Liu Heng, and in an unaccepting tone said, “You speak, why have Ye Qingyu come here without participating in the blood qi test?”

*Right I’m not well versed in Beijing slang, but from reading several articles, this was what I managed to conclude the phrase should be translated as. xD **admit that he was wrong.

*** Spring as in source of water.

**** Not in the sense of celebrity but more in the sense of statue.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 8:


Chapter 8 – No Compromise

“This… this…” Liu Heng’s vision was totally black and his legs gave out with a cry toppling to the ground in shivers.

Ye Qingyu crossed his arms, and did not even spare him a glance.

“Brother Ye, can you spare me…” The solution to a problem was the problem creator. Liu Heng was driven to tears, rushing in front of Ye Qingyu like a pitiful dog.

Ye Qingyu still did not speak.

He turned his head to look at the activated Asura idol.

The Asura way, has always been to repay grievances and good deeds in a suitable fashion and not to become a holy mother. Everyone had to pay for their actions, if Liu Heng only begged and said a few words and Ye Qingyu pardoned him, this was not suitable for his martial heart.

“This… Brother Ye, if you just forgive me this time, from now on I will be responsible for the resources for the next four years of your cultivation.

Everything is negotiable…” Liu Heng was desperate and could not afford to be stingy, throwing out such a term.

Ye Qingyu heard and shook his head. “I’m not going to do any transaction with you, I don’t want my martial path to be constructed by using money from people like you.

Liu Heng hesitated.

He did not imagine, that Ye Qingyu would not accept the carrot or the stick.

“I’ve already said, you need to bow down and beg me.” On Ye Qingyu’s face, a faint smile appeared.

Seeing that Liu Heng was really about to bow down in front him of him he walked to the side continuing, “However, even if you kneel down in front of me right now, I still won’t participate in the blood qi testing. Apart from not wanting to be a snake as fake as you, I feel that a person like you is not fit to be a teacher of White Deer Academy. Allowing you to stay would perhaps cause other poor students to be bullied and oppressed.”

Liu Heng’s face was frozen, one side green and the other side red.

He knew that no matter what he did today, the teenager would not compromise.

“Don’t make things so final,” Liu Heng said bitingly. The goateed face became fierce, a poisonous gaze appearing in his eyes. He lowered his voice and said, “I am still part of the Liu family after all. Don’t be absolute in case we meet again in the future.*”

“I am a person who likes to do things absolutely,” Ye Qingyu said bitingly.

At the same time, on the other side.

Hon Kong was listening to a recital of the entire situation from a student.

The great teachers’ eyes were filled with rage, his gaze was as if it was a sharp sword that landed on Liu Heng. He said, “As a supervisor who was brought up by the academy, you don’t even try to recruit talent but instead privately ruin the selection process of the students! You have nearly caused us to lose a genius, this is unforgivable, just resign yourself!”

Liu Heng seemed as if he was struck by lightning, his body quivering then quickly opened his mouth to speak. “Senior Kong, I’ve been in the academy for over thirty years even if I did not have any accomplishments, I have still worked hard, I…”

“Go!” Hon Kong was like a rumbling thunder, a terrifying energy emanating from him.

Liu Heng was directly sent flying.

His fate, in that instant, was completely decided.

Hon Kong looked elsewhere onto Ye Qingyu, and the original seriousness turned into a warm smile. He said, “The way you handled it was not bad. If you had forgiven him, I would have looked down on you.

As a martial artist, you have to know how to repay grievances and good deeds. If you had pardoned him because of a few begging words, then that really would have been a waste of the true meaning behind the Asura idol. Your future and success will be inevitably limited if so.

Ye Qingyu knew, that this great teacher of noble status was giving him valuable advice. He was touched in his heart, and he respectfully bowed to him, saying, “Thank you teacher Hong for guiding me.”

The fact that White Deer Academy had been immovable in Deer City naturally had its own reasons. A part of this reason was the noble characters within the teachers.

“Your results is, by far, enough to enter White Deer Academy. This blood qi test you don’t need to go through anymore, just return and prepare for a bit and report back tomorrow.”

Hon Kong left his last words, giving Ye Qingyu back his name plate. He then turned and instructed a few words to the teacher beside him then promptly turned at left.

At the same time, the entire crowd was boiling with excitement.

Only going through five appraisals yet being accepted by the great teacher, this was the first time in the academy’s history. Only just considering this simple point was enough to make Ye Qingyu famous.

One could imagine how quickly the things that happened here would spread. The rumours would be as if it had grown wings, flying rapidly across the entire Deer City.

Ye Qingyu, the youth who had endured four years of mockery and contempt, was he finally going to soar to the skies?

Four years without any sounds, was his first sound going to shock everyone? …… ……

Night time.

The dim lights caused the pedestrian’s shadow to become extremely long.

“Strange, why did teacher Hon not allow me to enter the blood qi appraisal?” In Ye Qingyu’s mouth was a piece of leaf, his hands cradled behind his head and idly strolling around.

The ancestral mansion had long been sold off and he had no possessions. He did not need to prepare anything but just turn up and report in at the academy in the early morning.

Out of six appraisals he had only entered five. Despite obtaining the top results in all five, but as a consequence of this, there would definitely be no way he would be able to enter top twenty in the rankings. Even though these rankings were only just rankings and did not possess any sort of monetary prize, but at least it was a proof of strength.

Ye Qingyu originally wanted to enter all six appraisals and obtain this year’s number one student in the White Deer Academy selection.

“Perhaps great teacher Hon was worried that I was attracting too much attention, he was afraid that the tree that stands above others in the forest will get destroyed by the wind?**”

Ye Qingyu could vaguely guess at the reason.

He had the intuition that this great teacher Hon, seemed to pay special care and attention to him.

And this special care and attention seemed not to be because of the prodigious talent he displayed. He seemed to be acting from the perspective of a concerned elder looking after relatives and the younger generation.

But the problem was, Ye Qingyu was sure that today was the first time he had ever seen the great teacher Hon.

With muddled thoughts in his head, Ye Qingyu unwittingly had again arrived in front of his parent’s tomb.

In these four years, this small cemetery was the only spot that Ye Qingyu would hang out in. He casually lied in the pile of hay in front the tomb, smelling the slight fragrance of the grass…

Everything here was so familiar that it made Ye Qingyu incomparably comfortable.

“Mother, Father, your child has made it. Tomorrow, I will enter White Deer Academy. Hehe, I’ve already said, your child is a genius. What the white-haired old man said a long time ago was not wrong, I will astonish the entire Deer City.”

Ye Qingyu revealed a proud smile on his face.

“Mother, Father, I will in the shortest time graduate from White Deer Academy. Then I will leave and according to your instructions, bring the badge and go to the royal family of Snow Country to search for what belongs to me.”

“No one can block my way…”

“The secret that you said was behind the heroic badge I still have not discovered but I will discover it sooner or later. Rest assured, I will complete everything recorded in there…”

“Of course, in the battle to defend the city, even though you did not mention it but I know your deaths are definitely not that simple. I swear, I will absolutely investigate clearly.”

Looking at the night sky, Ye Qingyu was considering a myriad of thoughts.

He continued to ramble on, as if his parents were still alive and he was currently having a conversation with them.

The night sky became darker and darker.

But Ye Qingyu could not sleep no matter what.

He sat in a meditative stance, his hands clasped in front of his abdomen***. His tongue was touching the top of his mouth, his eyes focusing on his nose and his nose was observing his heart. Only concentrating on one thing, he was suddenly like an old monk, and began breathing in a mysterious rhythm.

At first, there was nothing out of the ordinary.

But after ten breaths, despite not seeing air flow from the long steady breathing of Ye Qingyu, something happened. The grass from within ten feet of him began to come alive, moving in neatly undulating waves, as if it was bowing down to its monarch.

A stream of warmth began to move within the four limbs of Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was currently imagining that with every breath, he would endlessly bring the fresh air from the outside world into his body. After when breathing out he would expel all the impurities and murky air outside his body.

This was the nameless breathing technique that his father had passed on to him.

From his earliest memories, as a martial artist, his father had not passed on any cultivation techniques to him. He did not request anything apart from strictly instructing him to follow this breathing technique for two hours every day and no matter what happens, never stop this routine.

Afterwards when his parents died in the battle to defend the city, Ye Qingyu’s heart was filled with sorrow but he still followed instructions continued on cultivating with the breathing technique.

This breathing technique, it seems was neither a body strengthening technique nor a technique used to absorb qi.

Through many years of cultivation, the only benefits that Ye Qingyu could feel was that his strength had improved and he did not have any illness or sickness. Apart from that, there was nothing special.

In his heart he had guessed that this was not any kind of matchless divine technique or anything like that.

But many years ago, the White Deer Academy’s Dean, in a trip outside saw the Ye Qingyu who had just finished cultivating with the breathing technique. Who knew what he saw, but he could not hold his words of shock and claimed he saw an unparalleled genius.

Such inadvertent words of shock, when it spread out pushed Ye Qingyu in front of the wind and waves.

Afterwards when the old Dean knew he had misspoken but and on the sly helped compensate Ye Qingyu, but these were all things that had already happened.

Under the night sky, time slowly flowed on.

Ye Qingyu practiced this breathing technique for a total of two hours before stopping, then lay on the bed of hay and went to sleep.

…… ……

When Ye Qingyu was sleeping in front of his parent’s tomb, a small midnight banquet was happening in the fourth year area. It was held in [Residence of Heaven’s will].

[Residence of Heaven’s will]!

This villa with an ancient appearance was the most noble and distinguished private club in the entire fourth year.

It was founded by several legendary aristocrats, former students of the White Deer Academy. It was intended to recruit and develop the most talented aristocrats, and it was also a way for nobles to network and socialize.

After, when the legendary aristocrats graduated, [Residence of Heaven’s will] continued on. Only those who really came from a noble family, and displayed exceptional talent within White Deer Academy, had the requirements to appear here.

*Chinese idiom, really struggled with this translation here. Didn’t know how to put it, basically means that you should not take things too far in case you meet again in the future.

**Chinese idiom, first time I’ve heard about it but I really like it.

***Dan Tian, but I don’t want to introduce pinyin terms when I can just use the English substitute.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

