Chapter 141:


Chapter 142 – Two Great Lists

“Aiyo. how did you get into such a state?”

At White Horse Tower, Ye Qingyu jumped in shock at the sight of Wen Wan.

“Don’t say such useless words. You heartless person, do you have anything to eat? I’m about to starve to death, I haven’t eaten anything for several days already.” Wen Wan sat down with his legs wide apart, lifting the teapot on the table, gurgling as he drank the contents entirely.

Ye Qingyu could not laugh or cry. He called for Mother Wu to enter and quickly prepare something for Wen Wan to eat.

Mother Wu was the female servant that Ye Qingyu had previously hired to take care of Bai Yuanxing. With the ability to cook tasty dishes, she was also diligent and hard working.

“Just where have you been these days? Didn’t you say you were going to come find me?” Ye Qingyu said grumpily. “I’ve waited you for several days, and I haven’t even seen your slightest shadow.”

Wen Wan said furiously, “You damn heartless person. You still have the nerve to say such things. I was captured by the people of the disciplinary squad and was nearly played with until I died…” He recounted everything that had occurred in these days, roughly telling the tale.

Ye Qingyu was rather tense when he heard the events at the beginning, but when it came to the moment where Wen Wan finally took care of Kang Yu, Ye Qingyu was completely speechless. Looking at this shameless person radiant with delight, Demon King Ye said, “You were able to kill people of the disciplinary squad and then swagger out from the [Four Dragon Light Prison]? Didn’t you say you were nearly killed? How was it that you were the person who killed someone in the end…”

Wen Wan was at first pleased, then immediately became angered. “What? Could it be that you really want me to die? You damn heartless person!”

Ye Qingyu was temporarily speechless. “To speak with you is just like coping with an annoying woman.”

Wen Wan had a gaze filled with murderous intent as he glared at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu lifted his hands helplessly. “Fine, lets switch the subject. You’ve come at the right time. I have some matters I need to ask about. Zhao Ruyun, Yi Sance and also…” Ye Qingyu rattled off a list of names, then said, “These people, do you recognize them? Do they have great backgrounds?”

Wen Wan gave him a glance. “You’ve provoked these people?

Ye Qingyu nodded his head. He retold the matters that had occurred in the supply department in detail from the beginning.

“Wahahaha, good, well done. No wonder you are someone that I have expectations for.” Wen Wan immediately began chuckling after hearing the story. Then he came over closer and said in a low tone, “To speak the truth, they’ve long been a thorn in my eyes. I’ve long wanted to take care of them. It’s a pity that my military position is equal to theirs and I don’t have more men than them, so I can’t easily make a move against them. Who would have thought that you had managed to take care of them like chopping vegetables? Wahaha, good, well done.”

After Ye Qingyu had finished hearing Wen Wan’s words, he carefully pondered over them. There were evidently some hidden meanings contained within the words of this shameless person.

“Wait, you mean that even you can’t afford to provoke them?” Ye Qingyu looked at Wen Wan.

Wen Wan nodded his head seriously. “Of course. I’m not so stupid that I would irritate so many people all at once. The Cool Breeze Mountain Faction can be considered a core faction in Youyan Pass with significant power. To dare provoke those people, you are really resenting the fact that your life is too long… But to bring the conversation back on the topic, your ability to incite trouble is even greater than mine is. Haha, you’ve only arrived for a few days at Youyan Pass and you’ve already caused such a great uproar to happen. Hahaha, little brother, you really are ferocious, wahaha!”

“You…” Ye Qingyu was completely speechless. “I’ve encountered such a problematic situation, why are you laughing with so much delight?”

“Wahahaha…” Wen Wan began chuckling louder and louder, winking at Ye Qingyu. “Can you not tell, I am currently rejoicing in your misfortune.”

Ye Qingyu stood up with a dark face. Walking to the door, he said to the outside, “Mother Wu, no need to cook anymore. Rest early.”

Wen Wan stopped laughing, rubbing his stomach. “Fine, fine, let’s not joke around. Let’s speak of proper matters. First look at this…” Saying this, he retrieved two little booklets from his dimensional pouch. One was white and one was black, both around the thickness of one finger. From the outer appearance, both booklets seemed to be some sort of ancient text. The texts were already somewhat wrinkled and crumpled.

Ye Qingyu received it, looking at the name of the two booklets.

The white booklet, was called [Military Star List].

The black booklet, was called [Great Demon List].

“On the [Military Star List], there are various experts of the Human Race in Youyan Pass ranked within. And on the [Great Demon List], there are the ranks of the experts of the Snow Ground Demon Race…” Wen Wan stood up and stretched his back. “The [Military Star List] will only record experts of the thirty Spirit springs and above. There are a hundred ranks in total. As for the [Great Demon List], it will only have the great demon leaders listed. The information written inside is very detailed. Read it well and remember. If you manage to encounter anyone listed, at least you will have some preparation and won’t walk in blind.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, browsing through the lists.

The [Military Star List] had a hundred people in total. The one ranked number one was namely the Pass Lord Lu Zhaoge of Youyan Pass. He was an expert of the Bitter Sea stage. He had not fought in a battle for over twenty years, his strength deep and unfathomable. He was the indisputable number one expert of Youyan Pass. It was suspected that he had already reached the Heaven Ascension stage.

“Heaven Ascension stage? So the martial realm after the Bitter Sea stage, is called the Heaven Ascension stage?”

Ye Qingyu’s eyes brightened.

He continued to read on—

[Military Star List]. Ranked number two, Gu Jinjun. Deputy leader of Youyan Pass, Bitter Sea expert. Well versed in using huge axes in battle. Thirteen years ago, he had fought, his axe splitting apart a mountain…

[Military Star List]. Ranked number three, Liu Siufeng. General of the Vanguard, Bitter Sea stage, well versed in using a longsword. The last time he had fought was three years ago. One sword strike by him was enough to kill tens of demon leaders…

[Military Star List]. Ranked number four. Zuo Chanyi, general of the Left camp. Bitter Sea stage, well versed in delicate invisible blades. The last time he had fought was six years ago. Entering deep within the territory of the Snow Ground Demon Race, he had killed twenty-one normal demon leaders before retreating unharmed.

[Military Star List] Ranked number five. Feng Muyou, general of the Right camp. Bitter Sea stage, well versed in the pike. His title was the [Stab Muyou]. With a powerful aura, once he struck, he would not retreat. The last time he had fought was two years ago…

[Military Star List]. Ranked number six……

[Military Star List]. Ranked number seven……

Ye Qingyu flipped page after page. One after another, unfamiliar names appeared in front of him.

He knew, that the people listed here were the true experts with outstanding military contributions in Youyan Pass. Every name that was able to enter this list had experienced countless battles tottering between life and death. They were experts that had walked out from white bone mountains and fresh blood pools. This was especially so for the people at the top of this list. They were the leaders of the military. Existences like the Pass Lord and the four generals ranked at the very top.

But, it was namely because these characters could not been seen in normal times, that the list was not too detailed. The creator of the [Military Star List] was perhaps not too clear on the true strength of these people and their attributes. This was especially so for the experts ranked in the top ten. Some of the information written on the booklets were just guesses…

After for the ones below the top ten, the information became more complete and more detailed.

“En? Zhang San? This name, is really special…”

Ye Qingyu’s gaze, landed on a name. He was slightly taken aback.

[Military Star List]. Ranked thirteenth. The head of the military supply department of Youyan Pass. His nature is one where he would definitely avenge all those that crossed him. Extremely protective. Well versed in slender swords, expert in assassination and chasing. Profound techniques still remaining hidden. The last time he had acted was three months ago, where he killed sixty-two people……

Because of the incident at the supply department, Ye Qingyu could not help pay attention to this person called Zhang San who was the head of the supply department.

Seeing the evaluation of the words ‘definitely avenge all those that crossed him, extremely protective’, Ye Qingyu’s heart thudded.

If it was like this, then this Zhang San, most likely would regard himself as an enemy.

Ye Qingyu continued to read on.

He firmly imprinted every single name into his heart.

As he read to the end, Ye Qingyu suddenly shouted loudly, “What? This doesn’t make sense. After such a long time, you gave me something fake to try and fool me. Haha, I was really nearly taken in by you…”

“Fake? How is this possible?” Wen Wan was taken aback. “Just what did you see?”

“I’ve seen the two words ‘Wen Wan’. How is it possible for your name to appear on the [Military Star List]?” Ye Qingyu had a face filled with mockery. “Confess, isn’t this something that was made up by you? The last name, you must have added on by yourself?”

“Haha, who would have thought that you would be so young yet so jealous. What about it? I am ranked number one hundred on the [Military Star List], what about it?” Wen Wan laughed madly.

Ever since handing the booklets to Ye Qingyu, Wen Wan had waited to see this scene.

Ye Qingyu ignored him.

After departing from White Deer Academy, Wen Wan’s original nature could be said to have been exposed. He was becoming more and more like a little child, excessive and vain. The fact that he was able to be ranked on the [Military Star List] made Ye Qingyu suspicious of whether the person who had written this list was Wen Wan himself.

He opened the [Great Demon List].

The Snow Ground Demon Race had always been the life and death enemy of the Human Race of Snow Country.

Of the lifeforms in Heaven Wasteland domain, the Human Race and the Demon Race were by far the greatest majority. The Human Race of Snow Country and the Snow Ground Demon Race were the two strongest branches of these two great races. Approximately, they possessed over eighty percent of Heaven Wasteland domain combined. It was rumoured that at the very moment Snow Country was founded, the empire of the Snow Ground Demon Court was also established. From that day on, between the two great races, for the struggle of resources and territory, there were already tens of large scales campaigns involving the entire country that had occurred. And as for small battles, there were so many that happened that it could not be counted.

Considering all the factors, the Human Race could be said to by occupying the upper hand.

On the [Great Demon List] the one ranked at number one was Burning Snow. He was a great demon commander. An expert of the Snow Bird Race, he had commanded the [Southern Incline Legion] for tens of years and was titled the invincible warrior. He caused Lu Zhaoge to stay dead within Youyan Pass with no way to take action. He was a great titled character within the Snow Ground Demon Court. and was known as the [Burning Snow demon general]. Along with Lu Zhaoge, he was part of the [Ten War Gods] in Heaven Wasteland domain. But this Demon Race authority had not taken action for a very long time. As of right now, it was very hard to estimate the true strength of this demon…

[Great Demon List]. Ranked number two, the Mad Wind demon general. An expert of the Wind Race at Snow Ground Demon Court, he was a power that had only emerged in the past twenty years. His methods were tyrannical and the way he did things was quick like a violent gust. It was said that the Mad Wind demon general had once fought one on one with the number two expert of Youyan Pass. They had fought for over ten days and ten nights without a victor able to be determined…

[Great Demon List]. Ranked number three. Swimming Dragon demon general…

[Great Demon List]. Ranked number four. Burrowing Ground demon general…

[Great Demon List]. Ranked number four. Bloodthirsty demon general…

Ye Qingyu read one name after another, his heart frightened by the information contained within.

Youyan Pass was known as the strongest frontier in the entire Snow County. In the Pass, famous warriors were like clouds, with countless experts present. It was absolutely the Pass with the strongest military power in all of Heaven Wasteland domain. But the [Southern Incline Legion] did not fall behind to Youyan Pass in the slightest. Similarly, their warriors were also like the clouds, also possessing countless experts. At the very least, through just a comparison between the [Military Star List] and the [Great Demon List]. the [Southern Incline Legion] did not fall behind in the slightest.

“Look at the bottom, look at the bottom. It’s useless to look at the names at the front.” Wen Wan leant against the table. He was like a cyclone sweeping through the clouds as he devoured the dishes that Mother Wu had prepared. A green vegetable hung from his mouth as he mumbled indistinctly, “You have no chance of meeting the old monsters of the Demon Race. If your luck is really so good as to meet them, then you should just honestly reincarnate and become a new person. You should look at information about the little demons, such as the younger generation of the Demon Race, the seven people known as the [Seven Stars of the Skies]…”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 142:


Chapter 143 – A Place with Many Visitors

“The [Seven Stars of the Skies]?” Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

Wen Wan’s manner of eating food could be compared to Big Head’s. While devouring the dishes ravenously he said, “En, of the [Southern Incline Legion] in the Snow Ground Demon Race, there are seven prodigies from the younger generation. They are known as the seven geniuses of the Demon Race rarely seen even in a hundred years. They are named after the big dipper. Respectively, they are called Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, Epsilon, Zeta and Eta. Every one of them are fierce characters and they have killed a significant number of the Human Race experts…”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, indicating that he understood.

He continued to look downwards at the list. As expected, he saw the introduction of the [Seven Stars of the Skies].

These seven great demons, in the [Great Demon List], were ranked at fifty-fifth, fifty-ninth, sixty-first, sixty-eighth, seventy-third, seventy-seventh and eighty-fifth positions.

Alpha Star. [Great Demon List]. Ranked seventy-third. Six star demon warrior…

Beta Star. [Great Demon List]. Ranked sixty-eighth. Seven star demon warrior…

Gamma Star. [Great Demon List]. Ranked eighty-fifth. Five star demon warrior…

Delta Star. [Great Demon List]. Ranked sixty-first, Seven star demon warrior…

Eta Star. [Great Demon List]. Ranked fifty-fifth, Eight star demon warrior…

Epsilon star [Great Demon List]. ranked seventy-seventh, Six star demon warrior…

Zeta star. [Great Demon List]. Ranked fifth-ninth, Eight star demon warrior…

The introduction of every person in the [Seven Stars of the Skies] were extremely extensive. Not only did it detail what kind of Demon Race each belonged to, it also introduced their power, battle records, battle methods and weaknesses. Ye Qingyu’s could not help but pound as he read through the battle history of these seven experts of the Demon Race. These seven great powers of the Demon Race could still be considered as relatively young, as their ages were not yet over a hundred. If this was converted to a comparable age with the Human Race, then they should be around twenty to thirty years of age. At such an age, with such a strength, they were definitely deserving to be called geniuses.

Ye Qingyu continued to traverse the information about these entities.

He asked himself in his heart, if he faced any one of the [Seven Stars of the Skies], was it possible for him to win?

According to Wen Wan’s previous words, if the rankings of the [Military Star List] and the [Great Demon List] were the same, then their strength would also be no different. The lowest expert of the [Military Star List] was recorded to possess a strength above thirty Spirit springs. Using this as a foundation of comparison, the strength of the [Seven Stars of the Skies] could be determined. The Gamma Star that was the lowest positioned among them, ranked eighty-fifth, should be around the forty Spirit springs of the Human Race…

Ye Qingyu himself was as of right now at the fifteen Spirit springs realm. After activating the [Limitless Divine Way], his strength would multiply. The opponents he could face were experts that are within the thirty Spirit springs boundary.

In other words, Ye Qingyu would not be able to beat Gamma.

And furthermore, Gamma was just the strategist amongst the [Seven Stars of the Skies]. One was able to discern the terrifying strength of the other seven stars through this point alone.

If he wanted to defeat these great demons, Ye Qingyu needed to able to activate the [Second Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way], multiplying his strength by a factor of three. Unless he did so, it was impossible.

“Haha, how is it? Are you scared?” Wen Wan had taken his fill of alcohol and food. He said laughingly, “The reason I gave this to you is to make you realize just how many experts, masters, geniuses, and authorities are gathered in Youyan Pass. It will make you realize what it means— there is a person beyond a person and a sky beyond a sky. You must know you are not the only genius in this world. Your strength did increase rapidly, but you must not be conceited. Youyan Pass is a battlefield and life and death is decided in a breath’s time on the battlefield. This is different from White Deer Academy. You must use the shortest amount of time possible to adapt and adjust. After bringing you all the way to Youyan Pass, I do not want you to perish in just a few days.”

These words were very agreeable at the start. Wen Wan’s careful teachings made Ye Qingyu slightly moved.

But as he heard the later parts, Ye Qingyu’s face turned dark.

Whatever well intentioned words, by coming out of the crude mouth of Wen Wan, would take on a completely different meaning.

“You managed to easily take care of Yi Sance, Zhao Ruyun and the others. This is already a fairly good record. But your self-confidence must not surge. You must know that of these people, the greatest among them is Yi Sance. But even he could not enter the [Military Star List]. To win against them is not something to be proud of.” Wen Wan spoke again, “And furthermore, you could be said to have handled matters poorly. You must remember not to provoke others, and not to always have your thoughts written on your face. If you can really endure it no longer and must act, then you must kill them in one blow. If you really leave such disasters alive, then who knows whether there will be hidden arrows and spears attacking you from behind you on the battlefield? These nobles have a high opinion of themselves. They are crafty and cunning. They are willing to do anything. If I was you, that person called Zhao Ruyun would long have died.”

Ye Qingyu smiled slightly, seriously nodding his head.

He agreed with Wen Wan’s points.

“That’s right.” Ye Qingyu finally remembered something. “Help me find two people. One should be a doctor following the army, he’s called Li Shizen. The other is a young man called Ye Congyun.”

Wen Wan nodded his head without saying anything.

The two conversed until the middle of the night.

Wen Wan still spoke in a long-winded fashion, explaining the situation within Youyan Pass very clearly.

The Human Race was established in the mountain pass. They sat in Youyan Pass, which is like a Heaven’s moat. And as for the [Southern Incline Legion], they were stationed at the Violent Snow Glacier a hundred miles away. The hundred mile distance between Youyan Pass and the Violent Snow Glacier was like a gigantic meat grinder. Even if the two parties were currently peaceful for the moment, the area between them would have large numbers of small scale battles. Every moment and second, there would be soldiers dying from both sides.

According to Wen Wan’s information, every ten days, Youyan Pass would hold a small scale battle.

On one hand, it was to train the soldiers and preserve their will to do battle. The other reason this served was to deplete the military power of the Demon Race and probe at their battle power.

And every time they departed, a patrolling sword envoy would provide assistance.

According to the rotation, Ye Qingyu should, within a month’s time, accept the order of the Pass Lord’s residence and participate in a small scale battle.

“I don’t know whether I will also participate in the battle at that time. But no matter what, you must be careful. In the battlefield, swords and spears have no eyes. One mistake and you may regret it for the rest of your life.” Wen Wan constantly nagged. Within his words, he began to display regret over the fact that he brought Ye Qingyu into the front lines. But the current developments were already not something he was able to control.

Ye Qingyu was excited in his heart. He was very interested in the upcoming battle.

Instead of fighting with people of the same race here, why not charge into the battlefield and kill the Demon Race.

“Also, this time, you have caused great chaos in the supply department. Very quickly, every party and faction will know of your name. I believe in a short amount of time, your fame will quickly surge. Therefore, in this period of time, you had best move in a low key fashion and don’t go inciting more trouble. You are still a soldier in the end. If you constantly cause trouble, the various commanders will regard you as a thorn and begin to develop poor opinions,” Wen Wan reminded Ye Qingyu yet again.”

Ye Qingyu at this time, did not banter with Wen Wan anymore. He closely remembered the points he said.

Because of the lateness of the evening, the streets were already extremely tightly guarded with high security patrolling around. Therefore, that night, Wen Wan stayed at White Horse Tower.

Only until the early dawn of the second day did he leave, returning to the Vanguard camp.

“The two people you are searching for, if I have news, I will definitely contact you,” Wen Wan said before leaving.

…… ……

In the next several days, Ye Qingyu’s name began spreading throughout Youyan Pass at a crazy rate just as they had expected.

Zhao Ruyun had really been hung on the [Punishment Pillars] for a full six hours. Only then was he released.

Lin Lang, Yi Sance and the others did not dare breathe a word to anyone regarding the matters that had occurred in the Stone Hall.

But this matter began transmitting throughout Youyan Pass. It was unknown as to just what channels this information was passed along.

Yi Sance and the others were both angry and embarrassed. They announced that they would isolate themselves for the time being, but this was not enough to halt the transmittance of information throughout Youyan Pass.

There were all sorts and types of rumours, but basically it all said: there was a new person called Ye Qingyu that was appointed the patrolling sword envoy. Not long after he arrived, he completely defeated all the experts of the Cool Breeze Mountain Faction. And the Zhao Ruyun that was normally so arrogant was hung on the [Punishment Pillars] at the supply department…

Such news began spreading out like the wind.

“This Ye Qingyu, just who is he?”

“Haha, to think that the new master of White Horse Tower would be so violent?

“Such a pity. If I was there, seeing the humiliated face of Zhao Ruyun is enough for me to feel pleasure for a year’s time.”

“This new patrolling sword envoy, just what is his background, that he would be so forceful?”

“Ye Qingyu? I’ve never heard of this name before…”

“It seems like within Youyan Pass, there is going to be another strong character that will emerge.”

“Speaking of the subject again, the Zhang San of the supply department is so protective, could it really be that he will not interfere into this situation?”

At this time, nearly everyone was discussing Ye Qingyu’s name.

It was exactly as described by Wen Wan. Ye Qingyu’s name, with the speed of a hurricane, swept outwards in all directions. The previous day he was a new and nameless person, and today he was a person that was able to attract the attention of countless forces in the pass.

Many careful people had already begun stealthily investigating into Ye Qingyu’s background.

There were also people that prepared to take action. They brought presents to greet Ye Qingyu at White Horse Tower.

The birth of such a forceful new character made many people see opportunity.

Of course, there were far more people that only continued to observe. The people Ye Qingyu had offended, their backgrounds were also great. To make such a choice of whom to support at this time, the costs outweighed the benefits.

At this time, the originally completely desolate White Horse Tower unexpectedly became as bustling and as busy as a market.

Ye Qingyu had no interest in the people bringing gifts standing at his doorstep. Closing the doors, he chose not to receive them. He hid within the quiet fourth floor of White Horse Tower, training in the silent room. The only White Horse sword slave was already in a weak state, so he only focused on recovering. Seeing such a bustling scene made him very excited, but he had no way of receiving the guests.

The duty to block the entry of the visitors fell upon Mother Wu’s shoulders.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 143:


Chapter 144 – News Regarding Li Shizen

The middle-aged housewife that Ye Qingyu had randomly hired from the marketplace had a strong sense of responsibility for a servant. She displayed a toughness that made even Ye Qingyu speechless.

At the very beginning, when she was manning the doors, she was very patient in explaining matters to the visitors. But as she discovered that this crowd of people would just pester endlessly, she became somewhat impatient. Regardless of what she said, these words would not enter into their ears at all. She began swiping the broom in her hands about, wildly swinging it through the air. She shouted angrily, “Go, go, go go! My superior is busy; he doesn’t have time to receive you. Quickly go, I still have to make dinner. If you delay my master’s dinner, your heads…”

This housewife only had one thought in her mind—

Since her master did not wish to receive such people, then these people were not existences that needed to be feared.

Therefore, if she wanted to aid Ye Qingyu in solving his problems and share his burdens, she must display a forceful nature.

Mother Wu was very satisfied with her current job. Not only was the work light, the benefits were extremely great.

This female servant hoped that if her performance was suitable, Ye Qingyu would change her status as a temporary servant to become a permanent servant. Then her family did not have to worry constantly and remain poor.

These were the simple thoughts of a minor person.

It seemed not too correct, but was in reality very correct.

If she knew that any one of the people covering their heads and fleeing away right now was enough to make her and her entire family die tens of times over, she would be so frightened that her knees would soften.

“Ai, shrew, shrew…”

The little military officers were helpless as they were chased away.

A common housewife that they could casually crush to death just by waving their hands could do anything just because the White Horse Tower was standing behind her. This was enough to deflate them entirely. Fate was sometimes so laughable, but what could they do?

After several days of hustle and bustle, the dust gradually began to settle.

The people appearing in front of White Horse Tower gradually lessened.

But the fame of the tough housewife Mother Wu began to spread out.

As the person in question, Mother Wu knew nothing about this fact and how she was already somewhat famous in the Pass.

On the fourth day, Wen Wan sent over someone with news. He had found some clues about the location of the old military doctor Li Shizen. As for the little soldier called Ye Congyun, there were still not any news whatsoever. After all, the number of soldiers in Youyan Pass was far too many. Wen Wan was only a military officer; the channels and resources he could utilize were limited. He could only search slowly and could not be rushed.

Ye Congyun was the little brother of the armoured sentry.

That day when Ye Qingyu was fleeing for his life at the underground ice cave, his path was blocked by the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] Chen Moyun. The armoured soldier died in battle as a result to protect Ye Qingyu. Before he passed away, he told Ye Qingyu he had a little brother called Ye Congyun. He asked that if Ye Qingyu managed to make it to Youyan Pass, that he hoped Ye Qingyu was able to pass on the news that he had died to his little brother…

Ye Qingyu did not forget this task entrusted to him.

There was not a day that he dared forget the benevolence of the sentries.

And it was those days, when the sentries used their own flesh and blood to protect him, these actions were what allowed Ye Qingyu to comprehend the meaning behind the word ‘soldier’.

The matters that had happened on those days, from Ye Qingyu’s point of view, had an impact and baptism akin to a tsunami or an avalanche on his system of values.

After arriving at Youyan Pass, at the first instant, Ye Qingyu went in search of the little brother of the armoured soldier. It was a pity that in such a large Youyan Pass, searching for someone like a fly with no head was ultimately not a method that would work. Ye Qingyu could only ask for assistance and borrow the power of others so that he could find this Ye Congyun.

No matter what, he could not allow anything to happen to Ye Congyun.

Ye Qingyu swore in his heart.

Hearing that Wen Wan had not managed to discover any news about Ye Congyun’s whereabouts made Ye Qingyu extremely disappointed.

But he knew that he could not blame Wen Wan for such a result.

Thankfully, the news of Li Shizen whereabouts could be counted as a great harvest.

The situation of the elderly man was comparatively better.

According to Wen Wan’s information, Li Shizen was right now serving in the Vanguard camp, therefore it was very easy to find him.

The current circumstances of Li Shizen was also included in the information passed along—

Because of the fact that the elder’s medical arts were profound and he had coincidentally met with a guerilla warfare officer who had heavy injuries and was just returning from the front lines, he gained famed. He managed to save this warfare officer from the hands of the Death God. In the short time of tens of day, he had already treated a significant number of elite soldiers, healing their injuries. As such, he received heavy respect. To prevent the elderly from rushing about everywhere to treat injuries, the Vanguard camp specially opened a medical building for Li Shizen to sit and treat the various wounds. He did not need to follow the armies to battle.

After numerous items where his miracle hands brought people back from the dead, this elder received the title of [Miracle Hands Divine Doctor]. He could be said to have some small fame in the Vanguard.

After receiving such information, Ye Qingyu could rest at ease, without the need to immediately rush to see him.

A doctor was a rare resource within the army, and a doctor with such a high level of medical skill like Li Shizen would receive even greater respect from the military.

This was because soldiers danced on the edge of a blade where the head of the blade was lapping in blood. No one could guarantee they would not get injured at any moment. Everyone understood, a doctor with high skill, perhaps at that key moment, would save their lives.

Therefore, Li Shizen should not encounter any danger.

And right now, Ye Qingyu himself was plagued with disturbances. He did not know what kind of action Zhao Ruyun, Yi Sance and the others would take in vengeance. To prevent the anger of those people to be released on Li Shizen, Ye Qingyu decided for the moment not to let others know of the relationship between himself and Li Shizen. After all, they were in the military together – if Li Shizen really encountered any issues, he could still make it in time to aid him.

Another three days passed.

The imagined revenge from Zhao Ruyun did not arrive.

Ye Qingyu spent his days training, without doing much else.

The position of the patrolling sword envoy was special, without the need to attend for duties and patrols every day. No one came to manage him.

But Ye Qingyu felt that he himself had not immersed himself into the life at Youyan Pass. There was a considerable difference from his imagined life as a soldier.

Bai Yuanxing’s injuries had completely recovered.

The cold poison in his body was completely expelled. He could already resume his normal functions. Apart from the fact that his body was still slightly weak, there were no major issues remaining.

Mother’s Wu’s mission was hence completely finished. According to the initial terms of her hire, her contract should have ended, but she wanted to stay behind. She finally mustered the courage to say this to Ye Qingyu. Ye Qingyu pondered over this with a smile. These days with the aid of Mother Wu where she kept herself busy in White Horse Tower really made his life much more easy and relaxed. Furthermore, Bai Yuanxing could not handle the matters when it came to cooking. Therefore, he agreed to retain the famous shrew of White Horse.

Right now, what made Ye Qingyu slightly worried was Big Head.

Ever since the glutton came to Youyan Pass, it was unknown whether it was because the temperature was too cold for him, or perhaps that he had gorged himself from eating too much, he had always remained in a state of slumber. No matter how much Ye Qingyu called to him, he would not wake. Previously he was amazing at eating, now he became amazing at sleeping. For seven or eight days, he had not woken up even once. It would occasionally sleepily move a little bit, just to open his mouth slightly to eat something…

“Ai, if not for the fact I brought you out from the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] and hoped that you can become a Spirit beast companion, you would be in trouble. Otherwise, with your foolish appearance and performance, I would have long thrown you away…”

Ye Qingyu looked towards the slumbering Big Head, weeping dry tears.

Until right now, he had still not made clear just what kind of breed this glutton was and what abilities he possessed.

Time passed day by day through such boring training.

Ye Qingyu’s handling and control of his yuan qi had finally reached a state of completion. He was completely able to control the power of the fifteen Spirit springs stage.

At the same time, his understanding of the [Limitless Divine Way] had deepened. Out of every three times of trying to enter the [First Limit], he could already succeed one time. This kind of success rate was already comparatively high. It was only that his attempts to enter the [Second Limit] was still far from successful. Ye Qingyu tried for hundreds of times, and only at the last time could he begin to touch the door of the [Second Limit] domain. But ultimately, he was not able to step past this boundary.

And as for the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King] and the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General], these two sets of divine techniques, Ye Qingyu had constantly practiced them. His comprehension and understanding of these techniques became even deeper where he gained a more familiar understanding. These eight moves demonstrated from his hands, were many times more times powerful than they were previously.

Ye Qingyu’s only regret was that, since the [Inexorable spear] was destroyed within the [Cloud Top Cauldron], he felt that he was lacking in a heavy weapon.

Apart from training, Ye Qingyu would also browse through the [Pill Mantra].

After everything in the [Pill Mantra] was deeply imprinted in his mind, confirming that he would not forget any of the contents and he could nearly read the book backwards, Ye Qingyu chose to destroy this booklet. After all, it was an object belonging to the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] Chen Moyun. The fact that he had killed Chen Moyun could not be leaked out as of this moment. Therefore, leaving the [Pill Mantra] on him was a disaster waiting to happen.

For him to completely digest the contents of the [Pill Mantra] would require the time frame of at least several years. Ye Qingyu was a genius, but even geniuses needed time to grow. Right now, he could only walk step by step forward slowly.

If there was time, Ye Qingyu really wanted to try and refine pills.

If he was able to refine the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] according to Li Shizen’s pill formula, he would definitely benefit greatly.

However, Ye Qingyu understood that some matters could not be rushed and could only progress slowly.

As for the [Cloud Top Cauldron], it definitely could not be exhibited to the wider world.

Ye Qingyu only treated it as a storage tool for his use.

As for the jade box that Ye Qingyu had discovered on the body of Liu Yuancheng and had always been curious about, he still did not know what was inside. After several times where he attempted to understand and unlock it, he still could not manage to break apart the seal of the jade container. He planned to find a master in small scale formations to open the box after some time had passed and the winds had blown over.

Without knowing why, Ye Qingyu felt that this jade box contained something that would prove to be of importance to him.

The days of cultivation passed especially quickly.

Ye Qingyu’s strength, after the previous explosive surge, began entering into a slow and settled stage.

According to the different martial manuals, after a martial artist had reached the twenty Spirit springs stage, they could attempt to enter the Bitter Sea stage.

But the large majority of martial artists would not make this choice.

Because twenty Spirit springs was the lowest requirement for the Bitter Sea stage. If they really entered the Bitter Sea stage [JR1] with such a number, it would signify that the yuan qi liquid in their dantian world was not enough, and would always lack for something. Even if they became a Bitter Sea stage expert, the area of this ‘sea’ was limited. There were times that their strength could not even be compared to experts of the sixty and seventy Spirit springs stage.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 144:


Chapter 145 – Everything was Slightly Strange

The earlier one entered into the Bitter Sea stage, the lower their future potential and limits for cultivation was.

Because the Spirit spring stage was a realm where one accumulated yuan qi. The longer one stayed in this stage of accumulation, the greater the quantity of yuan qi in your body. And by leaving this stage early, this signified that you had accumulated little too. This would lead to a weak foundation, making your future path narrower.

Ye Qingyu’s plan was to cultivate as many Spirit springs as possible before considering entering the Bitter Sea stage.

According to his previous cultivation speed, this needed at least ten years of time.

Therefore, he was not in a rush.

Practicing the martial path was originally something that went against the heavens. It had never been a matter anyone could rush through.

It was another matter altogether that Ye Qingyu regarded very importantly—

After reaching the twenty Spirit springs stage, a martial artist could attempt to excavate or bestow an attribute to their inner yuan.

There were martial artists that drew flame into their body, controlling fire yuan qi. They were able to completely scorch the lands around them through this power. There were also martial artists that managed to grasp wind yuan qi. With just one thought, they were able to engulf Heaven and Earth in gales…

According to the formation yuan qi theory and foundation, there were normally five elements that existed in Heaven and Earth. Metal, wood, water, fire and earth could be developed within someone’s inner yuan and display a frightening power. Apart from this, there were also other attributes like poison, ice and shadow. These various rare attributes could also be controlled by some fortunate people and become some rarely seen inner yuan attributes.

This process where one imparted an attribute to their own inner yuan, was called [Spirit Raise] in the martial cultivation process.

Ye Qingyu, as of this moment, was already at the fifteen Spirit springs stage. If he managed to excavate another five Spirit springs, then it was possible for him to [Spirit Raise].

Only Spirit spring experts who had successfully undergone the [Spirit Raise] process, could be counted as true experts of the Spirit spring stage.

If your inner yuan had an attribute, then your power in battle would multiply.

Those martial artists that had successfully undergone the [Spirit Raise] process could completely crush martial artists who had not undergone this process and was at the same stage.

For people cultivating in the yuan qi martial path, the [Spirit Raise] could be counted as a threshold.

A threshold that was extremely important.

There were some martial artists that began to [Spirit Raise] at twenty Spirit springs, and they were not even able to succeed at the forty Spirit springs stage. There were also some geniuses that went against heaven who were able to complete this process quickly. The instant these geniuses entered into the twenty Spirit spring stage, they would succeed in [Spirit Raising] and were able control inner yuan with a special attribute that belonged to them.

And as for what kind of attribute was chosen, this needed the individual choice of the martial artist to decide based on the state of their own body.

Normally, there were not many special requirements.

But the large majority of martial artist in this world chose attributes of the five great elements: metal, earth, water, fire and wood.

Because these five elements were the fundamental energy that this world was constructed from, it extended everywhere in this world. These elements were relatively easy to sense and to control. Furthermore, every element of the five elements had extraordinary power, and belonged to the major path. As for the other rare attributes like shadow, poison and space, these attributes were very hard to grasp. Therefore, the process of [Spirit Raising] would need far more effort compared to the major elements. It was very possible that all of one’s effort would go to waste if they chose rare attributes.

Ye Qingyu had already begun to consider, just what attribute he should choose.

This was a very important matter.

Therefore, he had to consider seriously. He could not make any hasty decisions.

……

The fifteenth day.

Ye Qingyu was summoned to the Pass Lord’s residence to receive orders.

The order contained two points.

The first was that Ye Qingyu could once again choose ten elite soldiers from the army for the White Horse Tower. They would become the new White Horse sword slaves.

The second was to notify Ye Qingyu that fifteen days later, the Vanguard camp would begin a small scale military operation. Ye Qingyu must follow the army to the Explosive Snow Glacier, and participate in a battle against the Snow Ground Demon Race. The Pass Lord’s residence notified Ye Qingyu in advance so he could make preparations to follow the army.

“Such a day has finally arrived?”

Ye Qingyu was slightly excited.

Ever since receiving the [White Horse armour], he had never had the opportunity to utilize it in real battle.

Through several days of continuous training, Ye Qingyu vaguely felt that by confining himself, his development would be slow. He needed a great deal of battle experience. Only through this could he have any sort of a breakthrough.

Afternoon of that day.

According to the summons, Ye Qingyu went to the [Military Council Pavilion] to receive his orders.

This time, he still was not able to see the legendary War God of Youyan Pass, Lu Zhaoge. The person who received him was still Mister Liu.

Compared to the last time, Mister Liu spoke a little more.

This scholar with a lean face enquired amiably about various little things regarding Ye Qingyu, such as whether he had gotten used to Youyan Pass or whether he had any requests. He was different from the solemn and dignified strategist of the Pass Lord’s residence, and was more like a kind and amiable old man. It was only that the little student standing beside him stared at Ye Qingyu incessantly, evaluating him from top to bottom. In his bright and clear eyes, there was curiosity and an undisguised interest. He evaluated Ye Qingyu with a smiling expression, as if he wanted to completely see through Ye Qingyu.

Mister Liu’s attitude made Ye Qingyu feel that something was strange.

But he answered every question that was asked.

“In the [Gale Operation] fifteen days later, I will also be there to accompany the army when we depart. Haha, I am far too old, my body is already becoming somewhat stiff. At that time, I will need to ask sword envoy Ye for his care and attention,” Mister Liu said with a laugh. After all the procedures had been met, Mister Liu placed all the arrangements for this battle into a jade piece and handed it to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu received the jade piece, and said seriously, “Protecting Mister Liu is the responsibility of every soldier.”

In his heart, he felt there was something strange going on.

According to common reason, a strategist like Mister Liu of the Pass Lord’s residence would normally not follow the armies along to battle. Such scholars would normally sit safely at the center of command, creating plans and schemes, analyzing the situation, and providing opinion. They would rarely be like warfare officers that charged forward into battle. The [Gale Operation], just what was it about, that it would need a strategist like Mister Liu to accompany them into battle?

“En, you have so many accomplishments when you are so young. No wonder you are the inheritor of a heroic badge.” Mister Liu still had a face of friendliness. He reminded, “This time, the [Gale Operation] is not a little matter. What is contained within the jade piece is the plan of action concerning this operation. After you take it, don’t look at it immediately. Only after ten days, can you open the jade piece. At that time, you will know the contents of this operation.”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head to indicate that he understood.

“Fine, prepare well in these days. If you have any needs, you can come find me at any time.” Mister Liu slapped Ye Qingyu’s shoulder with a smile, then said to the little boy standing beside him, “Xing’er, help me see Sword Envoy Ye off.”

Xing’er smiled, bouncing and jumping to the door. Bowing, his eyes like moon crescents, he said, “Military Officer Ye, please.”

The little student jumped and hopped at the front as he led the way.

Ye Qingyu followed after, leaving the [Military Council Pavilion][JR1] behind.[AT2]

On the way, there were many people that greeted the little student Xing’er with a smile. It seemed like this fellow was well known within the Pass Lord’s residence.

Some people, after saying their greetings, evaluated Ye Qingyu with a curious gaze.

Very quickly, someone recognized that this youth with a strong and muscular body and graceful facial features was namely the new patrolling sword envoy of White Horse Tower whose name had spread throughout in these days. This caused a significant commotion.

Once the new spread out, there were people that specially came from the Pass Lord’s residence. Pretending to be just passing by, when they brushed past Ye Qingyu, they would turn and evaluate Ye Qingyu from top to bottom. They then hid far away, whispering secretly and pointing at Ye Qingyu. They had never imagined that the ferocious Demon King Ye from the rumours would be a gentlemanly elegant-faced young man. It made them exhale in shock.

Ye Qingyu also did not imagine that the first impression he left to the people of the Pass Lord’s residence would be like this.

“Just how were you able to do it?” as they were about to leave the gates of the Pass Lord’s residence, the little student Xing’er asked curiously.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, “What are you referring to?”

“How were you able to, in such a short amount of time of a month, from three Spirit springs to rise to the fifteen Spirit springs?” The little boy stuck his tongue out.

“Oh, you’re asking about that…” Ye Qingyu’s mind flickered with countless scenes. The voices and smiling expression of the sentries appeared again. He smiled, “That is a secret.”

Xing’er pressed his lips together. “You’re really petty.”

Saying that, he pointed toward the gates. “We’ve already arrived. Get out by yourself.”

This really was a proud and pampered little student.

Ye Qingyu laughed involuntarily, exiting from the gates.

Xing’er stood on the background, looking at the back of Ye Qingyu. The smile on his face, gradually disappearing.

“I can’t discern anything. Perhaps Mister Liu’s guess was wrong. But right now this is a crucial time, we can’t afford not to take any precautions.” Xing’er’s appearance changed from his childlike countenance that he previously displayed, becoming like an old expert. He recalled the transformation of Ye Qingyu’s expression as he had asked this question. He had not even missed a shred of change that occurred on Ye Qingyu’s expression. But Xing’er still could not reach any conclusion whatsoever, shaking his head. With both his hands clasped behind his back, he returned inside.

……

Returning to White Horse Tower.

Ye Qingyu stored away the jade piece military order safely.

He felt that something was really strange.

It was not only the fact that Mister Liu’s attitude was somewhat bizarre. Even the words of the little student Xing’er seemed innocent on the surface, but in reality was probing for something.

A master and student pair made Ye Qingyu feel that something was wrong.

And furthermore, the [Gale Operation] was a military operation that would happen fifteen days later. The army’s plan must be confidential and secret, with great importance attached to the secrecy. It was entirely possible for them to pass down the jade piece military order just before departing. This would prevent news of this operation from leaking. But why was it that Mister Liu gave this jade piece so early to himself and reminded him that he must not open it before the appointed time?

Why did Ye Qingyu feel that Mister Liu was rather hinting to him that he must look at the contents of the jade piece?

As for the military supply department where he had caused a great commotion, the Pass Lord’s residence did not take any stance on this whatsoever. There was not even a word of reprimand that was passed down. This was also enough to make Ye Qingyu feel that something weird was going on.

Everything was abnormal.

“I don’t know what Mister Liu is planning. But this doesn’t matter, I have a clear conscience. I can only take things step by step. Before departing, I must be careful and prevent the people of the Cool Breeze Mountain Faction from secretly causing harm…”

Ye Qingyu began planning in his heart.

Zhao Ruyun, Yi Sance and the others seemed to have given up on the surface. They had taken no action whatsoever. But who knew whether this was something that they did on purpose to show weakness deliberately?

Ye Qingyu returned to the fourth floor of the White Horse Tower, beginning to train yet again.

No matter at what time, power was the most important.

As long as one had enough power, they could completely crush every sinister and nefarious scheme.

By the time night descended, the wind and snow in the air were even greater and stronger.

Ye Qingyu opened his eyes after he had finished cultivating. Through the window, he was able to see the huge snowstorm occurring outside. A thought suddenly occurred to him.

“Youyan Pass is a place of the extreme cold. Cold ice rules over all. If I impart such a power into my inner yuan, would I be able to obtain ice inner yuan?” As the time of the [Spirit Raise] was approaching, Ye Qingyu knew that he must make some attempts to [Spirit Raise]. Within Youyan Pass, there were many experts that possessed the power of ice inner yuan. This meant that this path was possible. Ice belonged to one of the mutations of water in the five elements, possessing an extremely great power.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

