Chapter 1341:


Chapter 1354 - One Sword to Destroy All Things

Just as he expected, the King of Destruction had come.

A pale white aura that seemed like bone chips spilled out of the space portal, and a bright red light that resembled freshly spilled blood circulated around as the King of Destruction's black and gold metallic figure emerged from the space portal like a machine battle pet.

He was a freak that was born and built to battle and destroy everything in sight.

This time, his true form had completely descended upon the world, so his figure had become even more visible. Everyone could clearly see that his large figure was like an ancient tyrannosaurus and his front limbs were like the death god's scythe. His body was completely made of bones and covered with deathly white sharp bone spurs that stuck out like blades of death and made him look like a killing machine.

It gave off an aura that was violent, cruel, murderous, and bloodthirsty, and his eyes were like two pools of blood in the darkness. It could stir up the power of death as it breathed, and as his aura brushed past these planets, the planets would instantly turn deathly pale and be sapped of all life. Not a single trace of life could be detected from them after his aura had brushed past them.

"I am here," he said.

His voice sounded like two pieces of decaying bones rubbing against each other, and it was completely devoid of life.

Frantic and violent energy waves exploded from his eyes and swept across the boundless skies like a tempest as he made his intent clear.

Ye Qingyu exerted his [Eyes of the Void] and looked straight at this King of Sovereigns who grasped a destructive and deathly power in his hand.

The King of Destruction had appeared in the Vast Thousand Star Domains in the past and he had merely been a projection, but his appearance had caused the Divine Light Emperor to be under immense pressure. Later on, he was driven away by the Emperor of Azeroth, Alexander Sun Fei.

Ye Qingyu had been expecting the King of Destruction to show up, so there was no trace of surprise or panic on his face.

He had already expected this old enemy to make a second appearance even before the final battle had begun.

The only thing he couldn't be sure of was if there was anyone else other than the Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction lurking in the darkness. If there were other Kings of Sovereigns waiting for their chance to pounce, this would be trickier than he expected.

"Let me end this worm's useless struggle."

The King of Destruction's energy swept toward them like a tempest and it instantly reached within one hundred meters of Ye Qingyu. He slashed out with his scythe-like bony arm and tore the void of the universe as easily as though it was made of paper.

Ye Qingyu's expression didn't change as his fingers shot out like swords and a mercurial silver glow circulated around his arms. A mighty beam of sword will burst out from his swords as he countered with an attack of his own.

Clink!

There was a soft metallic clang as the King of Destruction's bony arm clashed with Ye Qingyu's sword before the sound disappeared.

The two supremely powerful figures trembled slightly and their figures blurred at the same time.

Then, a series of clinking sounds rang out wildly before everything went silent, as though stormy tempests had swept by.

The figures of Ye Qingyu and the King of Destruction disappeared in space, and only two shadows could be seen rapidly pursuing and clashing with each other. The speed and reaction time of these two Kings of Sovereigns defied all logic. Wen Wan, Little Nine, and the rest of the Martial Emperors could not even follow their movements with their naked eyes nor their divine senses. The resulting sounds from their clashes had a severe lag time and their outlines that were silhouetted by the light were merely afterimages. The images that the others saw were faint images that were left behind after those two supremely powerful figures had clashed several breaths ago.

Several breaths later—

Those two terrifying figures paused for a moment and their figures became more distinct.

Ye Qingyu looked down at his right arm and the silver light blinked rapidly. Then, with a loud bang, his right arm exploded into a cloud of smoke and completely vanished.

The Six Divine Generals, including Wen Wan and the others, couldn't help exclaiming in shock.

Before the sounds of their shocked cries had died off, something strange happened at the same moment. The King of Destruction's bony arm, which was like a scythe of the death god, had been refined over countless years, killed countless powerful opponents, and had always brought him success in battle, suddenly broke apart like glass shards with a loud clinking sound. It turned into wisps of white destructive mist as it dissipated into the void.

They were evenly matched after the first round of clashes.

"You are indeed powerful," the King of Destruction said. He looked at Ye Qingyu with his eyes that were like pools of blood. His voice sounded like muffled ancient notes, and his mental power swept across the void like a tempest as he said, "I'm pleased to see that someone has finally managed to destroy my deathly scythes. Now, I'll be able to advance even further."

Strangely, the King of Destruction's broken bony arm reappeared once again.

He was like a cicada sloughing off its skin, and his bony flesh squirmed as a brand new deathly pale bony arm replaced the arm that had been destroyed. From its luster and the aura it gave off, it was obvious that this new arm was much stronger than the arm that had been destroyed. This was the King of Destruction's talent and divine ability—he would evolve every time he was destroyed. Because he was so powerful now, a long, long time had passed since anyone had managed to destroy his body. Today, he was given hope that he could progress further in his evolution after Ye Qingyu had destroyed one of his arms.

He stared at Ye Qingyu with his eyes that were like pools of blood as though he had spotted a delicious delicacy. His eyes were full of fervor and a frenzied excitement.

When the Abandoned Fiendgod caught the expression in his eyes, he felt chills run down his spine. Based on his understanding of the King of Destruction, he knew that each time the King of Destruction looked this way, it meant that he was entering a crazed and uncontrollable state in which he would not rest until he killed his opponent. His opponent would always meet with a tragic fate.

"Fortune snatched from heaven, the planets shall form a formation, and refine the heavens, earth, fiendgods... divine ability. [Refinement of the Void]!"

The Abandoned Fiendgod chanted an ancient incantation and the empty space suddenly echoed in response. It seemed as though countless fiendgods had been brought back to life and were chanting along with him. Countless long, black and white whips formed by the chains of order circled around the Abandoned Fiendgod as though they were divine dragons and shot into space like vines that grew rapidly.

He had employed his old technique again and the long whips stretched into the boundless depths of space, wrapped themselves around numerous desolate planets, and instantly refined them into weapons that exuded auras of different elemental properties. Then, these long whips dragged these planets to take their positions and formed a terrifying formation that blocked out everything. He had completely sealed off the battlefield.

The boundless and endless power of the universe was absorbed and activated by this formation and pressed down on Ye Qingyu invisibly.

The Abandoned Fiendgod did not choose to stand idly by, but instead, he chose to join forces with the King of Destruction.

Fame, reputation, and the honorific code of the martial way were not very important to those who had reached the pinnacle of the martial way. They couldn't be bothered to attack martial artists who were as puny as crickets and ants, but when they faced off against their own kind, they didn't mind joining forces to defeat the enemy if they stood to gain enough.

Moreover, Ye Qingyu was so powerful that they felt threatened by him.

They had to get rid of him as quickly as possible to prevent this from becoming a greater problem.

"How despicable."

"How could they gang up on him like that?"

"Is this how Kings of Sovereigns should behave? What a disgrace."

Wen Wan and the others who were safely sheltered by the [Cloud Top Cauldron] sensed that the situation was tilting away from Ye Qingyu. They were shocked and enraged when they saw the Abandoned Fiendgod join the battle and rebuked him angrily. Little Nine was so enraged that it hopped around in anger and let out an angry yell. It anxiously attempted to rush out of the [Cloud Top Cauldron's] chaotic primordial light shield but it was knocked backward by the light shield. No one could leave this place without Ye Qingyu's permission.

Unlike them, Ye Qingyu was calm and composed.

He ignored the oppressive force that crushed down on him from the planetary formation that the Abandoned Fiendgod had created.

He looked at the King of Destruction's new bony arm contemplatively.

Then, the King of Destruction looked on in shock as Ye Qingyu's right arm, which had been crushed to powder, grew back. Ye Qingyu had not drawn on his blood qi or his foundation to regrow his arm, but instead, he had used the exact same divine ability that the King of Destruction had employed earlier.

"I'd always known that you'd come, so did you really think that I'd be completely unprepared when I faced off against you?" he said calmly.

"You're not the only one who has mastered the power of resurrection," he said with a laugh as he looked at the King of Destruction. "I have you to thank for showing me the key to the truth of resurrection."

He had already dabbled in the art of resurrection before he clashed with the King of Destruction and experienced success with the resurrection of Liu Shaji and the revival of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain and Water Moon Domain. After he sensed the power of laws that emitted from the King of Destruction's newly grown arm, he suddenly understood how this resurrection power could be employed in battle.

"I'm not sure if there are still others lurking in the dark, but since both of you have shown yourself, I shall slay you both first. Now that I think about it, our enmity has spanned millions of years, so it is time to put an end to it. Time to repay your debts.... [Fifth Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way]!"

Ye Qingyu's dark hair danced in the void and his aura skyrocketed.

He was in an extremely dangerous situation, but he did not show any fear, and even attacked the King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod at the same time.

He immediately revealed the true form of a King of Sovereigns. His figure rapidly expanded until he looked like a giant who had created the universe. Then, he gripped the Life Sword in his hands, and instantly, the Life Sword sword will circulated and flowed out of his sword to cover heaven and earth. It moved like a tangible object and swept toward the Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction.

"How arrogant of you!"

"You must be courting death!"

The Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction yelled in unison.

They felt extremely insulted by Ye Qingyu's arrogant attitude. His stance and aura made it seem as though they were forced to join forces to save themselves instead of them joining forces to kill him.

The tables started to turn as Ye Qingyu attacked aggressively.

The battle immediately entered a stage where they were all fighting to the death.

As the King of Destruction immediately carved open a destructive realm, the decaying and rotten stench of death spilled out and swept across the surroundings, and his violent and negative emotions curled across the area like a tempest. The entire space seemed to have slipped into a dense fog as the King of Destruction moved like an elusive hunter in this realm. He would appear and disappear randomly, and each time he appeared, he would unleash a lethal move from a position that defied logic. Moreover, he would also create all sorts of illusions that were incredibly frightening.

The Abandoned Fiendgod exerted his [Refinement of the Void] formation that could refine heaven, earth, and fiendgods. He activated the tides of the universe and used hundreds of planets to create a formation. Then, visible energy waves hurtled toward Ye Qingyu in huge waves.

"[One Sword to Destroy All Things]!"

Ye Qingyu looked like a divine king or the ancestor of demons as he held his sword in his hand. His Life Sword released a matchless power, and when he slashed out, a phantom image of the milky way appeared. Then, all divine abilities, formations, illusions, dense fog, ambush, and attacks of the spirit were slashed into two by his sword and reduced to nothingness.

The battle had only gone on for thirty minutes, but Ye Qingyu had undoubtedly gained the upper hand.

The power of his sword was boundless and his sword will was endless.

His sword radiance was like the light released when the world was first created, and it destroyed the destructive realm and scattered the Abandoned Fiendgod's formation.

"It's high noon... time for you to die," Ye Qingyu said as purple divine radiance shot out from his eyes and glinted murderously. He slashed out ruthlessly and targeted these two supreme figures.

"Impossible. How could you possibly be so strong?" The King of Destruction was forced to retreat and a sword mark appeared on his body.

All of the Abandoned Fiendgod's long, black and white whips had been slashed to pieces and were now like poison vipers that had been slashed apart. A mysterious light shot out from his eyes as he cried out in disbelief, "What kind of secret is contained within the Vast Thousand Star Domains to have produced such a powerful freak like yourself? You are so powerful that you can't possibly have drawn your strength from one realm alone..."

These two supremely powerful figures felt a terrifying pressure crush down on them and felt an unprecedented danger closing in on them.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1342:


Chapter 1355 - Fortunes of the Military

Ye Qingyu was practically invincible with the sword in his hand.

Although the King of Destruction and Abandoned Fiendgod had joined forces, they were losing badly.

Ye Qingyu displayed the [One Sword to Destroy All Things] technique to its maximum potential and effortlessly destroyed all of the techniques that the Kings of Sovereigns employed against him.

"Time for you to die," he said.

He had his "eureka" moment and had truly mastered the power of resurrection. After merging his one hundred eight ancient characters mysterious technique with his Life Sword sword will, he was now as powerful as a current Immortal King. He could mobilize the power of the universe and people with a single slash of his sword and had the power to destroy everything in his path with his sword.

Swish!

His sword light flashed.

The King of Destruction's newly evolved bony arm was easily slashed into two halves by his sword, like straw slashed by a farmer's sickle.

"Ah..." the King of Destruction yelled angrily and quickly retreated. He could feel Ye Qingyu's sword will invading his body. He barely managed to subdue this destructive sword will after he frantically used his technique to exert his divine abilities. However, he was unable to draw on his abilities to grow another arm.

Ye Qingyu had imbued his sword will with a power that could counter the King of Destruction's techniques and divine abilities.

Rumble!

His sword radiance fell like a meteor shower.

There was an earth-shattering ripping sound, then the planets refined by the Abandoned Fiendgod were completely destroyed. Half his head was also hacked off by Ye Qingyu's sword, and his essence, spirit, and blood qi spilled across space.

"Wait, what kind of power is this?" the Abandoned Fiendgod yelled in horror.

Something was wrong.

Both the King of Destruction and himself were Kings of Sovereigns who could not be killed or destroyed. They were even closer to enjoying eternal life than the fiendgods who ruled over their own Star Domains. Logically speaking, they couldn't have been injured so badly after several clashes with their opponent, and to make things worse, they had even joined forces to defeat Ye Qingyu, but were still being crushed by him. The fact that the power that circulated around Ye Qingyu's body and the power contained in his sword will could cause such serious damage meant that he had already surpassed the King of Sovereigns realm.

Yet, Ye Qingyu was merely a highly skilled expert who had emerged over the past few million years.

The Vast Thousand Star Domains had endless potential, but it was still an emerging star domain. Even if the rumors were true that it contained the secret to eternity, it was impossible for this star domain to produce such a powerful expert, who had even surpassed the King of Sovereigns realm.

Ye Qingyu did not respond.

His sword will from his Life Sword appeared once again and rays of boundless sword will charged out into the void.

Soon after, the Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction were injured once more.

However, these two Kings of Sovereigns were almost eternal beings and had a wealth of history behind them. They had mastered the most frightening power in the world and they had each crawled out from piles of corpses, experienced countless battles, and had managed to survive even the most perilous situation. Thus, they would not retreat nor be overcome with despair despite their shock and rage at how powerful their opponent was.

"Refining the heavens, earth, and fiendgods... Maximum refinery."

The Abandoned Fiendgod cried out angrily and drew on his origin power. Then, his true form expanded once again and the power of laws circulated as he reached into the void and pulled out a giant flaming planet. He held the giant flaming planet in his hand, and after he suddenly pressed down on the planet, a strange transformation started to take place. The planet's flames were extinguished and it turned into a black hole that had a terrifying suction power!

A black hole!

Ye Qingyu immediately understood what the Abandoned Fiendgod was trying to do.

There were many descriptions of heavenly black holes recorded in the civilization of ancient Earth. They were thought to be some of the most terrifying heavenly phenomena in the world, and there were theories that they were related to the origin of the universe.

The black hole refined by the Abandoned Fiendgod was starkly different from a natural black hole and contained an even more terrifying power. Ye Qingyu's heart skipped a beat in fear and he guessed that this was one of the Abandoned Fiendgod's lethal moves that was employed using his trump cards.

Ye Qingyu soon sensed a suction power that was indescribably strong from the mysterious black hole. He realized that it was harder to control his power under the continued interference of this suction power and that this mysterious black hole seemed intent on pulling his soul straight out of his body.

The King of Destruction had opened up the destruction realm once again and his frightening willpower swept across the surroundings maniacally. The chaotic mist of nothingness appeared and swallowed Ye Qingyu's figure.

"It's useless," Ye Qingyu said with a laugh and the sword will from his Life Sword surged wildly.

The mysteries contained within his [One Sword to Destroy All Things] technique was the nemesis of all divine abilities.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Every flash of his sword light released a ray of endless white galaxies into the universe.

Boom!

The King of Destruction was sent flying once more and a sword slash could clearly be seen on his large belly. He released a sticky green weapon from his mouth, which looked as vicious as blood. It contained large amounts of core foundation power and completely enveloped the King of Destruction as though it was trying to heal his wounds.

Ye Qingyu did not pursue him, but instead, he flipped his sword around and another galaxy spilled out of his sword light.

Rumble!

The Abandoned Fiendgod was sent flying.

The mysterious black hole could not withstand the power of this sword and showed signs of breaking apart.

These two Kings of Sovereigns had called upon their trump cards and divine abilities but they were still unable to defeat Ye Qingyu. All resistance was futile in the face of his mighty and divine sword will. The Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction yelled angrily as they couldn't believe that their opponent had become so powerful in a matter of a few million years. Ye Qingyu's sword techniques and power clearly showed that he was a whisker away from comprehending the true meaning of eternity...

"Show me what else you've got. Otherwise, prepare to be slain today," he said as he rapidly approached them with his sword.

Ye Qingyu carried his sword and rapidly drew closer.

His sword way and divine abilities had reached such incredible heights that they could destroy everything and were extremely hardy. He managed to crush two Kings of Sovereigns single-handedly. His combat will surged from him, his muscles relaxed, his divine sense exploded from him, and he pushed himself to unprecedented heights. His aura continued to skyrocket and he had a feeling that he was invincible. As long as this feeling continued, he believed that he could surpass the King of Sovereigns realm to reach another divine realm.

The King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod were forced to retreat repeatedly.

They could only try to defend themselves and were unable to counter with attacks of their own.

However, they would rather die in battle than give up.

They had joined forces to defeat Ye Qingyu, but they were not even his match. If they fled now, they knew that Ye Qingyu would pursue them relentlessly and kill them. It would be better to continue this fight. They might still stand a chance of survival if they did that. Moreover, they did not have an alternate plan.

The destruction realm opened as far as it could go.

The Abandoned Fiendgod created another mysterious black hole.

Ye Qingyu laughed loudly and was about to slash out with his Life Sword...

"The army is powering on strongly, so fate is on my side," the Abandoned Fiendgod yelled loudly as he punched out a technique to employ a mysterious divine ability.

Instantly, a strange energy swept forth from the depths of the universal void that made the Abandoned Fiendgod even stronger.

Ye Qingyu clearly sensed the Abandoned Fiendgod's strength skyrocketing all of a sudden after this wave of energy swept toward him. Then, the black hole that the Abandoned Fiendgod had created actually managed to block Ye Qingyu's sword.

"Hmm? This is the power of fate, but where is he drawing this strength from?" Ye Qingyu wondered.

At the same time, the King of Destruction also chanted an ancient and strange incantation as he activated the mysterious power of fate from the depths of the void that made his cultivation soar. He crossed his bony arms in front of him and barely managed to block Ye Qingyu's sword will.

"How did he manage to draw on the power of fate in the nick of time?" Ye Qingyu muttered in surprise.

The Kings of Sovereigns were the ones who were blessed by fate and had gathered the maximum amount of fortunes from their own star domain. It would be extremely difficult for them to gather even more fortune from their home star domain, let alone the fortunes from a foreign star domain.

This did not seem possible.

Where were they drawing their power of fate from?

He exerted his Light Emperor Detection Technique and instantly discovered the truth.

The power of fate they were drawing on was not of the star domain but they were drawing on the fortunes of their military strength.

The fortunes of their military strength were currently on the astronomical continent, and it was also the fortunes of their military troops on the ground at the moment.

Ye Qingyu immediately understood the significance of the military clashes on the astronomical continent and realized that they could extract the fortunes of the military through these clashes and gain reinforcements from these battles. After all, a battle between experts was also a kind of military expedition, so the fortunes of the troops would be a significant boost in such expeditions.

Moreover, the military troops who had managed to make it all the way to the astronomical continent were all the top-level experts of each Star Domain.

Thus, the fortunes they carried with them would be even more terrifying.

Ye Qingyu had not understood the significance of this earlier.

He had commanded the military headquarters for more than two thousand years in order to prevent the Invaders from swarming into the Vast Thousand Star Domains. And this time he had only led his troops to the astronomical continent because he vaguely sensed the presence of Invaders amongst the military. He didn't realize that the military expedition he had led to the astronomical continent carried such a huge significance.

"Now that the fortunes of the military are on me, you won’t be able to hold me down with your [One Sword to Destroy All Things] technique," the King of Destruction said as he let out a loud howl. His apocalyptic mental prowess swept across space powerfully, his stance became even stronger, and he started to aggressively attack Ye Qingyu.

The Abandoned Fiendgod did not say anything else but he similarly switched from a defensive stance to an attacking stance and started to frantically attack Ye Qingyu.

They fully intended on destroying Ye Qingyu in one move by drawing on the fortunes of the military.

Ye Qingyu understood what they were trying to do but he remained calm and composed. His Life Sword continued to slash out continuously and his sword will exploded powerfully from his sword as he unleashed the divine abilities of his [One Sword to Destroy All Things] technique and sent galaxy-like sword will spilling across space.

Rumble!

There was a rapid series of explosions.

However, the Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction were unharmed even though they were knocked back by the force of the explosions.

Clearly, they were now powerful enough to face off against him after they had drawn on the fortunes of their military strength and could defend themselves against the power of Ye Qingyu's [One Sword to Destroy All Things] technique.

The situation started to turn in their favor.

Ye Qingyu suddenly pulled himself out of the fight and rapidly put some distance between them.

At the same time, he exerted his one hundred eight ancient characters mysterious technique and a mysterious force surged before a boundless wave of energy swept toward him from the direction of the astronomical continent to make him even more powerful. Ye Qingyu's aura underwent an even more terrifying and mysterious transformation.

The King of Destruction froze in shock before he yelled in disbelief, "The fortunes of the military?" "How could it be? How could the strength from the fortunes of the military be so powerful..." The energy that Ye Qingyu had drawn on from the astronomical continent had indeed been the fortunes of the military. And to their disbelief, the energy wave that had appeared was even more powerful than the ones that the King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod had gathered from the astronomical continent. It was many times more terrifying and bountiful than theirs.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1343:


Chapter 1356 - Frenzy

The Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction knew that the mysteries of the fortunes of the military could not be kept under wraps for long. Once they gathered this strength to boost their power in front of Ye Qingyu, he could easily uncover the truth behind their actions through deduction and the clues that had been left behind.

Thus, they did not even think about stopping Ye Qingyu from discovering the truth from the very beginning.

They were so confident because they knew that their troops were stronger and more elite than the troops from the Vast Thousand Star Domains, and thus, they were sure that their troops would be able to gain the upper hand during their battles with the Vast Thousand Star Domains' military. Their troops might have even completely defeated the Vast Thousand Star Domains' military by this point, and if that had happened, the fortunes of the military that they could draw on would undoubtedly be the strongest.

In contrast, the fortunes of the military that Ye Qingyu was able to get would be little to none.

However, when they saw how powerful and abundant the fortunes were of the military that Ye Qingyu had managed to draw to himself, the King of Destruction and Abandoned Fiendgod immediately realized that this was way beyond their expectations.

The only explanation for this phenomena was that the Vast Thousand Star Domains' battle troops had gained the upper hand and were rapidly achieving decisive victories over all the other battle troops, like an autumn breeze sweeping through a pile of fallen leaves. This would explain why Ye Qingyu's fortunes of the military were so mighty.

How could such a thing have happened?

They were superior in both numbers and average military prowess, so their troops should have easily crushed the troops of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. Moreover, there were countless outstanding battle troops stationed on the astronomical continent in preparation for this final battle and these troops were all very cunning, so it was impossible for them to suffer such crushing defeats.

What exactly had happened on the astronomical continent?

A bad feeling crept up on these two supreme experts.

Then, Ye Qingyu's next move left them all so shocked that their astonishment could not be described in words.

Ye Qingyu exerted the one hundred eight ancient characters mysterious technique and raised his hand to activate the mysterious energy in the universe. Then, another wave of fortunes of the military rushed over and gave his power another boost.

His energy, which had already been extremely strong earlier, became even more powerful.

After his power was boosted by two waves of fortunes of the military, his Life Sword gave off a dazzling ray of light.

His sword will ripped through the air as he slashed out once again.

Galaxies spilled over the sky and his sword will was matchless as it surged like a Heavenly River.

The King of Destruction used his bony arms to block the blow, but he was sent flying by the power of this sword, and his bony arms turned into powder before dissipating. Cracks appeared all over his body and his indestructible battle-bone structure seemed as though it was about to crack at any moment, like a fragile piece of porcelain. His destruction realm was destroyed by Ye Qingyu's sword will and a grayish-white mist could be seen rapidly evaporating as the very foundations of the destruction realm were also destroyed.

The Abandoned Fiendgod was in an equally terrible situation.

As Ye Qingyu's sword will rapidly approached him, the mysterious black hole in his hand exploded once again and he was forced to bear the brunt of the feedback force. Cracks appeared all over his black and white body, and he looked like a parched and dry riverbed after a drought. It also seemed like he would break into a bunch of tiny pieces at any moment. He was unable to block the force from Ye Qingyu's sword even after he received a boost from the fortunes of the military.

Those two supreme experts were barely able to block Ye Qingyu's attacks after joining forces and before they drew on the fortunes of the military, but now, they were suffering a crushing defeat. The divine abilities of Ye Qingyu's [One Sword to Destroy All Things] had climbed to its maximum level after he received two energy boosts from the fortunes of the military. It truly seemed as though he would be able to destroy all things with his sword, and his sword will was absolutely unstoppable.

"How did you manage to draw on the fortunes of the military twice? Have... have you gained control of another star domain in addition to the Vast Thousand Star Domains?" the Abandoned Fiendgod cried out in shock and rage as another possibility occurred to him.

Ye Qingyu nodded with a smile.

There was no longer a need to hide the truth, nor could the truth remain hidden at this point of the battle. Now that he had used his trump cards, supreme beings such as the King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod would naturally be able to deduce the truth.

The Life Sword in his hands didn't stop moving and he slashed out once more.

"It is the Underworld Star Domain. Did you truly manage to gain control of the Underworld Star Domain?" the King of Destruction asked. His eyes, which were like pools of blood, gave off intense energy waves before he continued, "Did you really manage to gain control of the fortunes of the Underworld Star Domain? The Ancient Ghostly Emperor was trapped in the Vast Thousand Domains after the battle the previous time, but he was very cunning and scheming, so no one would have been easily able to snatch his fortunes away from him. Moreover, he was also another King of Sovereigns, so why... I can't believe it!"

He detected the origin of Ye Qingyu's second bout of fortunes from the military and naturally managed to guess what had happened.

However, the Abandoned Fiendgod and himself were even more flabbergasted after they learned the truth.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor was a King of Sovereigns who had been as powerful as they had been. The Ancient Ghostly Emperor and the Divine Light Emperor had both been injured after the gate of blood closed. And he was forced to remain in the Vast Thousand Star Domains in his foundation form because his projection had failed to fully descend, and also because the protective force from the Vast Thousand Star Domains had suppressed his power. Although the Ancient Ghostly Emperor would probably be taken advantage of by the natives of this land, he was so cunning and powerful enough that it would be impossible for these natives to kill him.

Yet, the cold hard truth had dispelled all their previous assumptions.

"Now I know why you've managed to reach such dizzying heights and become so powerful. It is because you have absorbed the fortunes of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor," the Abandoned Fiendgod said through gritted teeth. As he looked at Ye Qingyu, his gaze was filled with fervor and madness.

He wasn't well-acquainted with the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, and strictly speaking, they had even been on opposite sides when they were battling for the fortunes of the Vast Thousand Domains. Thus, he wasn't too concerned by the Ancient Ghostly Emperor's death. But what he wanted was the fortunes of a King of Sovereigns, which Ye Qingyu had absorbed.

Before Ye Qingyu proved it could be done, no one had ever heard of a technique that would allow a martial artist of the same cultivation realm, or even of a lower cultivation realm, to consume the fortunes of a King of Sovereigns. This was why the King of Destruction, the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, and the others had been so insistent on invading the Vast Thousand Domains to absorb its fortunes—the Vast Thousand Domains had yet to produce a King of Sovereigns and there wasn't even a sovereign ruling over the world. It was still in a growth stage, so they could harvest its fortunes in advance by laying out a trap.

There weren't many star domains that had the fortune of being so blessed by the universe that they were able to produce life and civilizations. Most of the star domains and galaxies in the universe were made up of desolate planets that were completely useless to these powerful beings. A star domain that was a cradle of civilization was a blessed place that had gathered the fortunes and destinies of the universe. There was also a vast distance between such star domains, which was the law of the universe to ensure that the civilizations of two different star domains did not influence each other. At the same time, it made it extremely difficult for a King of Sovereigns to travel across the boundless space to descend upon another star domain. It was even more impossible for a King of Sovereigns to absorb the fortunes of other Kings of Sovereigns from a different star domain.

This was because the emergence of a King of Sovereigns meant that his fortunes had already stabilized.

It was only by coincidence that the Underworld Star Domain, Destruction Star Domain, Fiendgod Star Domain, and other major forces came to know of the coordinates of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. And this knowledge led them to invade the Vast Thousand Star Domains at a later date.

They had been absolutely certain that Ye Qingyu did not possess the power of a true King of Sovereigns before they staged their second attempt this time, but it seemed like they had been wrong.

However, it was too late for regrets and Ye Qingyu's stance made it clear that there was no turning back. Now that they found out that Ye Qingyu knew how to extract and absorb the fortunes of other Kings of Sovereigns, they didn't want to turn back either. Once they managed to wrest this technique from Ye Qingyu, their bodies, which had long remained stagnant, would be able to advance even further, and the possibilities were limitless.

"Kill!"

"Haha, I finally see a ray of hope."

The Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction exerted all the power they had maniacally.

They were no longer concerned with what was happening on the astronomical continent. Since Ye Qingyu had control over the power of the Underworld Star Domain, this meant that the military forces from the Underworld Star Domain on the astronomical continent were colluding with the Vast Thousand Star Domains. Once these two star domains joined forces, they would undoubtedly be able to defeat the other star domains, and even have an advantage over them... They were no longer able to rely on this aspect to boost their power, and thus, they didn't concern themselves with the situation at the astronomical continent.

They drew on their life and foundational forces as they frantically attacked Ye Qingyu.

"As expected, men will lose their minds because of greed. Even Kings of Sovereigns will frantically attack like wild beasts if the temptation is strong enough," Ye Qingyu said with a shake of his head.

The power from his Life Sword had already received a boost from the fortunes of the military, so it was extremely powerful. Despite being frantically attacked by two supremely powerful beings, his sword will merely slowed down for a brief moment. It was impossible to truly harm him.

Then, something strange happened.

Melodic pipa sounds could vaguely be heard on the battlefield. They appeared before abruptly disappearing in a flash.

He suddenly stumbled and his sword will froze before his it broke apart. His sword was no longer as powerful as before and it would be hard for him to slash out again with it...

"Hmm? What was that?"

Ye Qingyu held his sword in front of his chest and blocked the King of Destruction, who had tried to take this opportunity to ambush him. He put some distance between them and dodged the Abandoned Fiendgod's sneak attack. He also countered with an attack of his own at the same time and his divine sense and sword will spread out like a vast ocean, sweeping toward the sound of the pipa.

Tinkle, tinkle... Clang!

The strange pipa melody could be heard again.

This time, it was louder than before.

This sound carried a mysterious power as it entered his ears, and his mental state was affected as though a breeze had blown past duckweed. He suddenly felt terribly upset, and irreparable cracks appeared in his spirit.

Could this be another King of Sovereigns?

This person seemed to be an expert at using music to attack one's mind.

Ye Qingyu exerted his nameless breathing technique and emptied his divine sense. Then, his Life Sword slashed down hard with a loud howl and thousands of galaxies swept across the surroundings.

The sound of the pipa suddenly stopped.

The Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction seized this chance to attack maniacally.

Evidently, that strange melody had boosted their power, and their strength and combat power soared wildly.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1344:


Chapter 1357 - God of Consciousness

Ye Qingyu looked grave as he let go of the Life Sword in his hand.

His giant long sword transformed into blazing flames that protected Ye Qingyu within.

His [One Sword to Destroy All Things] could not only be used to attack, it could also be used for defense.

Flowing light rays of sword will covered his body protectively and nothing was able to harm him.

The Abandoned Fiendgod's and the King of Destruction's frenzied attacks couldn't penetrate the blazing flames that surrounded Ye Qingyu. The only thing that could affect him was that elusive melody that was constantly changing its tune. It started with the sound of a pipa but it was now a guqin, and its melody rose and fell, started and stopped, like silk threads or sticky fibers that affected his mental state. His spirit kept being shaken and he found it hard to calm down.

"Show yourself!" he roared.

His sword will circulated and howled like a raging ocean as it swallowed part of space.

His sword will was like water that rippled outward, and it was as powerful as his divine consciousness.

Soon after, Ye Qingyu locked in on his target.

He saw an almost-invisible and elusive ball of light slowly appearing from a distance. It gave off a very mysterious vibe and seemed to be able to defy the laws of space and time. It would be east at one moment, then west at the next moment, and flickered as it shifted locations. The guqin melody could be heard intermittently from this ball of light.

His sword will spread out like water, but to his surprise, he found that he was unable to destroy this strange ball of light.

"This is a  King of Sovereignswho wasn't present at the destruction of the Divine Light Court millions of years ago. It doesn't seem to have a body and exists in a spirit state," he muttered with a frown. It was very rare for a spirit to be able to reach the  King of Sovereigns realm, and it was even harder for spirits to reach this realm as compared to ordinary beings. However, once it reached this realm, it would be able to master mysterious talents and divine abilities, so it was extremely difficult to battle against such an entity.

He didn't expect this to be the trump card of the King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod.

"[One Sword to Destroy All Things]. Go!"

Ye Qingyu reached into the void, pulled out a long sword, then slashed out with it.

Swish!

His sword light shot out like lightning and slashed past the ball of light.

The ball of light was not destroyed, but instead, melodious tunes could be heard from it again. The guqin sounds changed into the sounds of a Chinese flute. Its rousing melody was sad and moving, and an improbable medium surged out from the depths of true space and hurtled toward Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu felt his spirits sink, and immediately, he felt lost and empty, as though he had lost his beloved.

"This is such a frightening musical attack. It has the power to attack one's mind directly." He realized that this was a tough opponent to deal with.

This new King of Sovereigns that had just arrived on the scene could resist the divine abilities of his sword will, and his [One Sword to Destroy All Things] technique couldn't destroy it, while its musical notes could affect his mind and spirit, and also seemed to be able to penetrate past his sword will protective cover.

Rumble!

The King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod pulled out all the stops as they frantically attacked him.

Ye Qingyu turned back to look at the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and noticed that this musical cadence did not seem to affect Wen Wan and the others. But he sensed that Wen Wan and the others were unaffected not because the [Cloud Top Cauldron] had the ability to block this strange melody, but because the ball of light wasn't targeting Wen Wan and the others. Evidently, the musical attack could attack at a very precise range.

There was a strange and subtle change in the momentum of this battle.

Ye Qingyu exerted his nameless breathing technique and forced down the turbulence in his spirit. He used his Life Sword to ward off his enemies and still managed to gain the upper hand despite the King of Destruction's and the Abandoned Fiendgod's frenzied attacks.

The sound of the Chinese flute soon changed to the bleak sound of a Chinese vertical flute.

The haunting music sounded like bitter sobs or waves of rage.

Ye Qingyu felt an unprecedented sense of loneliness wash over him, as though he had been forgotten by the world. He suddenly felt like life was meaningless and had an urge to Dao-dissolve and become one with this black and lonely universe.

He immediately sensed a threat and knew that his opponent was testing him.

His opponent was probing at his mental state with different instruments.

The melody produced from each instrument represented an emotion.

His opponent constantly switched instruments and emotions in an attempt to find a flaw or a weakness in his mental state. In other words, his opponent was trying to find a way to trigger his inner demons.

Gradually, his nameless breathing technique could no longer ward off the melodies that could be heard from the ball of light.

Ye Qingyu grew more upset and irritable.

The power from his Life Sword kept decreasing, and the mysteries from his [One Sword to Destroy All Techniques] were no longer as sharp as before.

"Kill!"

"My time has come."

The King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod reacted maniacally and their strength soared as they attacked him in a frenzy.

The terrifying power of laws and ripples from the Dao laws spread across space and spanned several million kilometers. Several planets were completely wiped out by the force of this power, and even stars that once lit up a certain part of space were unable to bear the resulting force from these supreme beings' battle. These stars would vanish the moment these ripples touched them, as though an ocean had swept across a fiery planet...

It was a disaster to this part of space.

Large numbers of planets were destroyed and dust floated in space as though it was the end of days. The universal space was almost entirely destroyed.

The ball of light constantly switched between instruments and melodies as it continued to probe at his mental state.

As time passed, its interference became more significant and Ye Qingyu became more affected by its probing attacks. This resulted in his strength being suppressed.

The King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod gradually regained their strength. Their injuries slowly disappeared while the foreign will that had entered their bodies from Ye Qingyu's Life Sword was also expelled from their bodies. Their strength continued to soar and they managed to close in their attacking range. Then, they were within one hundred meters of him.

Wen Wan and the others under the [Cloud Top Cauldron] were extremely worried.

Little Nine jumped up and down and bared its teeth as it kept slamming itself against the chaotic and primordial light shield in an attempt to break free and join the battle.

Ye Qingyu seemed to sense what Little Nine was doing. Then, he calmed himself down and said, "Go!" The [Cloud Top Cauldron] instantly turned into a ray of flowing light and brought the Six Divine Generals, Old Fish, Wen Wan, and the others toward the astronomical continent.

The King of Destruction tried to stop the [Cloud Top Cauldron], but he failed to block the mighty power of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and was sent flying backward.

After he sent Old Fish and the others away, he didn't need to worry about his friends' well-being, so he freely unleashed the power of the one hundred eight ancient characters mysterious technique that formed a protective formation shield around him. These rays of ancient formations rapidly swarmed into his Life Sword as fast as lightning and he spat out a blood arrow that similarly made its way into his Life Sword. This was the [Blood Drinker Sword] that he had personally crafted.

After his Life Sword received a boost from the mysterious formation technique and the [Blood Drinker Sword], his sword glowed with a reddish-gold light as though it had a life of its own, and its sword will spilled out of his sword like rushing water to form a sword will formation. The King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod were trapped within it, and they instantly realized that something was amiss. Their strength had not only been suppressed, but they could also sense that their strength was being mysteriously sapped out of them and transferred to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu gradually started to turn the tables.

The King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod were extremely astonished.

Then, they were struck by fear.

They had been preparing for this battle against Ye Qingyu for a long time and had paid a large price to get the God of Consciousness to fight alongside them. The God of Consciousness, a King of Sovereigns that was an ancient spirit entity, was in charge of secretly watching the battle unfold and would only join the battle when they needed it. The King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod were certain that they didn't need to call on the God of Consciousness since they believed they could kill Ye Qingyu with their own strength.

It seemed like this King of Sovereigns from the Vast Thousand Star Domains was a lot more powerful than they had initially expected and even had such powerful trump cards up his sleeves. They would have been slain it hadn't been for the God of Consciousness arriving.

It had only been a few million years, so how could the Vast Thousand Star Domains produce such an invincible King of Sovereigns?

It seemed completely implausible.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

Loud metallic clangs rang out from the battlefield.

This was the 10th instrument from the God of Consciousness and the 10th energy wave that could stir up one's emotions.

Ye Qingyu clenched his jaw, and his divine sense was so dense it seemed like an entity of its own as he tried to defend himself against the strange melody. Even the King of Destruction or the Abandoned Fiendgod would have had to expend all their energy in defending themselves against this strange melody. And if his spirit hadn't been refined by the [Cloud Top Cauldron], he would not have been able to also defend himself from the attacks of his peers at the same time.

Gradually, the splendor from the ball of light became more dazzling.

Its tune became even more frightening and mysterious.

Ye Qingyu's spirit trembled as he realized that he was gradually losing control over his divine consciousness. He was also being attacked by two Kings of Sovereigns so he couldn't wholly concentrate on defending himself against this melody. The momentum of the battle slowly turned against him.

"Cauldron, come!" Ye Qingyu yelled.

A bronze-colored ray of light shot from the direction of the astronomical continent and landed in Ye Qingyu's palm.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] had returned to him.

It was summoned by Ye Qingyu after safely transporting Wen Wan and the others to the astronomical continent.

"Ancestors, please descend upon this earth!"

Ye Qingyu was well-versed in the ways of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], and the ancient ancestors on the walls of the cauldron all shot out at his mental command. Then, stone arrows, huge rocks, torches, troops, battle beasts, mountains, rivers, and the others all came out with a loud growl and instantly surrounded the King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod.

When he called upon these ancestors with his current cultivation, these ancestors were almost as powerful as him. These two supreme beings were stuck in the middle of the crowd of ancestors and were unable to free themselves for the time being.

"Absorb!"

Ye Qingyu exerted the giant cauldron and pointed its mouth toward the God of Consciousness.

The mouth of the cauldron was like a chaotic realm and a primordial light exploded from it to release a powerful suction power and attempted to drag the God of Consciousness into its mouth.

A fast melody burst forth from the ball of light.

Evidently, it sensed the power of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and felt threatened by it, so it was putting up a struggle.

Ye Qingyu raised his cauldron and tapped out a continuous rhythm on the cauldron. Then, the cauldron let out a series of loud buzzing sounds that covered up the sounds from the God of Consciousness. As the [Cloud Top Cauldron] buzzed loudly, the God of Consciousness continued to be dragged toward the mouth of the cauldron. The situation was extremely perilous.

The King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod were very worried.

They would have never imagined that Ye Qingyu's ultimate trump card would be this cauldron.

What kind of cauldron was it and how could it be so powerful?

Could it be a supreme treasure of eternity?

They yelled angrily, but at the same time, they were also frightened because they realized that this was the turning point of the battle. They were about to be defeated and they would not be able to bear the consequences of this defeat...

However, a clear voice suddenly rang out during this crucial moment—

"His inner demon is homesickness... Attack him with the song of homesickness."

A beautiful figure appeared in the distance. Her black hair and red skirts danced in the wind, her figure was graceful and slender, her skin was as fair as white jade, and her beauty surpassed that of the most wonderous scenes of nature. She was extremely beautiful and so gorgeous that she charmed the entire world into falling at her feet.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

