Chapter 1317:


Chapter 1330 - A Destructive Battle

Soon after, another shocking piece of news rocked both the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm—the Empress of Darkness, Song Xiaojun, has been ambushed by a powerful enemy as she was patrolling the defensive line of the Great Wall. Although she managed to escape, it was rumored that she was injured.

The entire world was in an uproar when this news was released.

Song Xiaojun was a current Martial Emperor, an invincible martial artist who stood on the summit of the formation martial way. Yet now, she had been ambushed and was injured. If anyone had heard this piece of news in the past, they would have dismissed it as a joke, but this was such a sensitive time when five or six past Martial Emperors joining forces to attack no longer seemed impossible. Thus, the idea that she was ambushed and injured no longer seemed like a far-fetched rumor.

As the saying goes, when it rains, it pours.

The Immortal God Emperor was seriously injured and so was Li Xiaofei. Now that Song Xiaojun was also injured, the only Martial Emperor left was Empress Shui Xiu. Although she was still extremely powerful, she could not leave the Vast Thousand Domains. And now that the other two Martial Emperors were injured, she was the only Martial Emperor in peak condition, so the Immortal Empire no longer seemed as powerful as it did before.

After all, no one was sure whether Empress Shui Xi would be the next target of the secret force.

The rising wind forebodes the coming storm.

Those forces and people who finally realized that something was wrong could also sense the terrifying aura that loomed over the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm. It seemed like there was a force that was secretly hiding in the dark accumulating strength and power, and this force was waiting for the right chance to pounce like a giant beast and swallow both heaven and earth.

Then, as time passed, the situation became even more unfavorable for the Immortal Empire.

First, several provinces that had previously sworn allegiance to the Immortal God Emperor in the Dark Realm suddenly rebelled against the Immortal Empire. And the old noblemen who had decided to swear allegiance to the Immortal God Emperor after he had exerted pressure on them suddenly resisted the governance of the Immortal Empire as though they had already made this pact beforehand. The more aggressive factions even issued a public challenge to the Immortal God Emperor.

Fortunately, the new armies of the Fire Province and Earth Province seemed to have sensed danger and had already withdrawn from these provinces. Thus, the Immortal Empire didn't suffer any significant losses on the military front. This was even more crucial since the Fire Province and Earth Province were troops personally groomed by the Immortal God Empire. These troops managed to retain their ability to fight, but they seemed to pale in comparison to the rebellious strength summoned by the aggressive old noblemen.

Two of the ten major battalions of the Immortal Empire staged a mutiny and there was internal strife within the military. The forces loyal to the Immortal Empire started to be in a disadvantageous position.

"The Immortal Empire had ascended to power too rapidly and relied too much on the strength of one person to crush all resistance. The Immortal Empire might have seemed extremely magnificent, but their foundations ultimately proved to be unstable."

"His time in power was too short."

"I daresay that the Immortal Empire is destined to come to an end within a short period of time."

"The Immortal Empire might have dazzled brightly, but it ultimately seems as though its period of glory will be as short-lived as a meteor."

"A period of anarchy is about to descend upon the world."

"Hehe, I'd like to see how Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu will die..."

All sorts of rumors circulated around the various domains of both worlds. Both worlds had welcomed a golden age of prosperity several months ago and everyone sang the praises of the Immortal God Emperor and swore allegiance to the Immortal Empire. But now, the times had changed and several ambitious forces started to stir up the public and spread all sorts of untruths about the Immortal Empire as they prepared to take advantage of this opportune time.

As the situation worsened, the scrutiny on the Immortal Empire's response intensified.

Three days later, the Immortal Empire sealed the Immortal Dojo and the Domain Gate of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, and stopped its practice of accepting disciples throughout the year.

This made it seem as though it was trying to escape from disaster.

Everyone could tell that the Immortal Empire had been severely weakened after this news was made public.

The Immortal Empire would have never reacted in such a way in the past.

Before both worlds could fully process this information, another set of rumors started to circulate—the Empress of Heaven Wasteland Domain, Yu Xiaoxing, had secretly entered the Dark Realm on the guise of inspecting the new armies of the Fire Province and Earth Province along with her trusted officials. Then, there were also speculations that Empress Yu Xiaoxing had not gone to the Fire Province and Earth Province but had immediately used a secret passageway to enter the Guardian Royal City after she entered the Dark Realm.

The various forces immediately drew on all their information channels in an attempt to validate these rumors.

Everyone was astonished since it was publicly known that Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu and Li Xiaofei were both in Royal City.

At best, Yu Xiaoxing could be visiting her lover, and at worst, this could possibly be a sign that the Heaven Wasteland Empire was about to come to an end. She might have been visiting Ye Qingyu in Royal City in an attempt to put up a final desperate struggle.

All sorts of speculations ran wild.

The movements of several important figures within the Immortal Empire would be made public at the first instance, no matter how confidential these movements were supposed to be. It was as though there was an invisible force at work that constantly made these pieces of news public.

As these rumors were constantly being validated, there were also untrue rumors flying around that made both the Heaven Wasteland Empire and Immortal Empire extremely jittery. Even those who had been extremely loyal started to feel uneasy.

Next, rumors circulated that Empress Shui Xiu, who had been standing guard over the Immortal Dojo, and the Empress of Darkness, who was rumored to be injured, had also secretly gone toward the Guardian Royal City to meet with Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu.

It was also rumored that the governors, imperial staff, and Quasi-emperor realm experts of the provinces who were under the control of the Immortal God Emperor had been ordered to head to Royal City by the Immortal Empire. At the same time, the main battalions under the control of the military headquarters of the Immortal Empire, and the new armies of the Fire and Earth provinces were also mobilized for all sorts of reasons and headed toward the important strategic locations around the Guardian Royal City...

In conclusion, the experts and battalions with a certain amount of combat power were all mobilized to head toward the Guardian Royal City and its surroundings within a short period of time.

"I bet Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu is quaking in his boots," someone remarked derisively.

The Immortal God Emperor, who should have been fearless and invincible, was now forced to rely on outsiders and the military to guard the city where he was located. This was a sure sign of cowardice and also showed how far the Immortal Empire had fallen.

The obvious conclusion from these rumors was that Ye Qingyu was afraid and this was why he had summoned all the power of the Immortal Empire toward him, planning to turn the Guardian Royal City into an impregnable fortress. In other words, he was feeling the pressure from this secretive power and had summoned his strongest attacking forces in preparation to put up a final desperate struggle.

"Ye Qingyu is finished," someone predicted.

When an Emperor who had once been invincible showed obvious signs of fear and started to make plans to retreat, his decline was almost certain.

All sorts of incidents, both major and minor, kept happening throughout the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm. These incidents were all designed to put the Heaven Wasteland Empire and the Immortal Empire in a bad light.

If Song Jiannan's death and the destruction of the Alliance of Domains were challenges to the authority of the Immortal God Emperor, then as the situation worsened, this was no longer about a challenge to his authority, it started to be about the survival of his empire.

The fact that this empire that had brought about an unprecedented golden age of prosperity had suddenly gone into such a steep decline within a year and a half seemed unbelievable.

However, after all these pieces of news started swirling around for less than ten days, everyone was stunned by an even more astonishing piece of news.

The secretive force that had been lurking behind the scenes had finally made an appearance.

In a day, several dozen figures, who were unbelievably powerful and who carried with them an aura that made it seem like a sovereign had descended upon this land, arrived in the sky above the Guardian Royal City. Their bodies shone with Emperor qi and they were shrouded by dazzling Emperor splendor. They looked like dazzling stars that descended upon the sky above the Guardian Royal City. They exuded an obvious murderous intent and exerted such immense pressure that they sealed off the entire Royal City and its surrounding area, which spanned tens of thousands of kilometers.

"It is time to exact my revenge."

A figure stood high above all these Martial Emperors like a divine king commanding his troops. He stood on the summit of the Nine Heavens and his entire body shone with a blue light that seemed like vengeful fire from the depths of hell. He exuded a cold lethal aura and killing intent.

It was none other than the Sky Emperor who had been missing for a while.

He had finally made an appearance.

Unlike the previous time when he had fled in defeat, the Sky Emperor and the ghostly power that exuded from him was many times more powerful than before. In fact, he was even more frightening now than when he was at his peak. Evidently, he must have had a new miraculous encounters over the past decades that had given him the strength and confidence he sorely needed to defeat Ye Qingyu.

The dozens of Martial Emperors who had appeared were the Martial Emperors of the past who had sworn their allegiance to him.

This time, the Sky Emperor had completely unleashed his strength and power.

"Ye Qingyu, why don't you appear and commit suicide in front of me. I might just decide to spare your loved ones if you do so," the Sky Emperor's voice boomed. He sounded like he was a fiendgod delivering judgment, and his voice echoed throughout the Heavens above the Guardian Royal City.

The Sky Emperor luxuriated in the feeling of his enemy kneeling in despair at his feet.

However, there was no response from the Guardian Royal City.

He shook his head with a cold laugh since he had been expecting this.

"Attack... and kill everyone within Royal City," he ordered with a savage laugh as though he was a god of death.

Rumble!

The Martial Emperors of the past attacked in unison and charged down toward the Guardian Royal City. Their dazzling flames exploded like fireworks that shot out in all directions and were like meteors that seemed intent on the annihilation of the entire world. They expressed their need for vengeance through the ear-splitting booms of their Emperor qi. And the power of Dao laws seemed to be on the verge of collapsing, as Dao sounds echoed across the land in a series of crashing booms...

From a distance, they seemed like demons who had descended upon the world from the sky with the single-minded intention of annihilating the universe.

A destructive battle was about to begin.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1318:


Chapter 1331 - The Arrival of the Inspiration King

Everyone thought that the current clan elder of the Sun Clan, Sun Yi, was the Immortal God Emperor's most loyal supporter because the entire Sun Clan had made their choice when the ancestor of the Sun Clan had chosen to groom Ye Qingyu before he became Emperor. After the Immortal God Emperor became Emperor, everyone linked the Sun Clan with the Immortal God Emperor.

The Sun Clan had also benefited tremendously from their association with the Immortal God Emperor.

Their clan had risen in power along with the ascension of the Immortal God Emperor, and as the clan elder, Sun Yi held a high position within the Immortal Empire. Although he was not as high-ranking as the Emperor of Darkness, Song Xiaojun, his rank was on par with another official who was highly regarded by the Immortal God Emperor, Marquis Tingtao Lin Xuan, and was above Nie Tiankong of the Nie Clan.

Everyone had thought that the Sun Clan had made the best investment in the history of mankind.

If their rise to power were to continue to progress at its current speed, they would have been able to replicate the glorious days of when they had been an Emperor clan. There was also a possibility of a Martial Emperor emerging from their clan one day.

However, everything had changed.

The Sun Clan had been greatly affected by the sharp decline of the Immortal Empire. Everyone used to look at the Sun Clan with jealousy, but now, everyone was also eagerly awaiting the fall of the Sun Clan. It was obvious that once the Immortal God Emperor and the others were slain by their enemies, as a clan that was so interconnected with the Immortal Empire, they wouldn't even be given the chance to surrender and would be destined to die alongside the Immortal Empire.

There were rumors of internal conflict within the Sun Clan over the past few days.

Several members of the clan expressed regret in the clan's strong show of support for the Immortal God Emperor in the past in their private discussions. There were even others who suggested implementing several measures to cut ties with the Immortal God Emperor in a bid to save their clan.

Sun Yi ruthlessly killed his clansmen who expressed such opinions.

He had remained firm in his support for Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu.

He wasn't privy to inside information, nor was he confident that the Immortal God Emperor would be able to turn the tables, but it was because he knew that there was no way out for the Sun Clan and he didn't want to be a despicable person who would turn his back on the Immortal God Emperor in times of need. The Sun Clan was an Emperor clan and although their glory days were behind them, they still had to take a stand and exude the determination worthy of an Emperor clan. It wouldn't be befitting to immediately turn their backs on their benefactor the moment he was in danger. The honor of an Emperor clan had to withstand the test of blood and fire. If their clan was unable to survive past this tribulation, then he was willing to defend their past honor with their flesh and blood.

Sun Yi was incredibly firm in his support for Ye Qingyu.

After he settled the internal affairs within his clan, he spent the next few days leading his personal army to set up camp at the Immortal God Emperor's Imperial Palace, expressing his stance with his actions.

Sun Yi had heard all the rumors that had swirled around over the past few days.

The Immortal Empire seemed to be on the brink of collapse.

However, the military headquarters had taken over the responsibility of responding to these rumors and news while the Imperial Palace remained silent. No one had seen any sign of Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu after the incident at the Platform of Green Clouds, including Sun Yi.

The final battle had finally erupted today.

When he saw the mighty figures who appeared like fiendgods in the sky and heard the judgment call of the figure who stood high above the Nine Heavens and who exuded a dark-blue light, he sensed that the final moments of the Immortal Empire had arrived.

Evidently, the enemies of the Immortal Empire who had been lurking behind the scenes had completed their exploratory attacks and made the decision to attack. Everything would rest on this final battle.

Sun Yi could clearly see all his personal troops quaking in fear—they weren't quaking in fear because they were cowards but because anyone would show such a reaction in the face of dozens of past Martial Emperors.

It wasn't long after the battle began that the defensive shield of the Guardian Royal City trembled and cracks appeared.

Rumble!

Intense quakes could be felt and violent sounds of explosions were heard all over the city.

Then, a column of fire shot up toward the heavens.

"Even ants have to face death one day, and ants also have to die with honor. Everyone, draw your swords. I hope you'll still be able to summon the courage to wield your swords for the final time," Sun Yi said as he slowly drew his sword.

Metallic clangs sounded as his men drew their swords.

His guards were quaking in fear but they decided to make the same choice as he did.

Death was looming closer and closer, there was no way to avoid it.

The very least they could do was die honorably in battle rather than kneeling in a pool of blood in cowardice.

Rumble!

Several dozen loud booms sounded from the square in front of the Imperial Palace as though meteors had crashed down to earth. Sun Yi and the others turned to look and it seemed like they were looking at a picture scroll that was constantly shaking. This quaking scene took a while to subside. Then, their vision slowly cleared.

"Ye Qingyu, are you planning to hide inside your Imperial Palace like a coward?" A menacing voice sounded.

"Your glory days are over. Why don't you emerge from your hole and accept your death honorably? Do you not even have the courage to battle for the final time?" said someone else. This person sounded like he had crawled out from his grave and he gave off a faint rotting aura.

Sun Yi's jaw dropped in horror and he gasped.

They had finally arrived.

The Martial Emperors of the past, who had once wielded the true power and authority over the entire Guardians' camp and who had once lived within the Guardian Royal City, the very same Martial Emperors who had vanished overnight, had finally made their appearance.

They were here to overthrow the Immortal Empire.

These dozens of Martial Emperors of the past were all clad in armor from various eras. They all looked different and hailed from different races but they all exuded the same peerless and invincible aura as they slowly approached the Imperial Palace. Their crushing aura made Sun Yi feel like he was carrying the weight of dozens of large mountains.

His personal guards were weaker than him and their flesh had already started to crack, and wisps of blood and bloody mist flowed out from their bodies. They looked like they were about to explode into a pile of flesh and blood at any moment.

"Haha, aren't you the descendant of the Sun Clan? Your traitorous ancestor betrayed the camp and groomed a killing god in Ye Qingyu. Did you ever think that you'd be in such dire straits one day?" a Martial Emperor of the past said with a cold laugh as his gaze fell on Sun Yi. He looked at Sun Yi with undisguised murderous intent. "The Sun Clan will no longer exist from this day on," he said as he waved his hand.

A terrifying and invisible power of laws surged toward him.

Sun Yi could sense this power surging toward him but he could neither dodge nor defend himself against it.

He was not a Martial Emperor, so he would not be able to put up a fight against such a strong opponent.

However, a strange aura surged out from the Imperial Palace behind him at this crucial moment. Then, Sun Yi felt his vision blur, and when it cleared, he saw a lady in white appear. She had stopped that invisible power of laws from killing him.

It was none other than Empress Shui Xiu.

This current Martial Emperor from the Seven Fingers Race had finally appeared at this crucial moment.

"Haha, I guess you must be the final Martial Emperor of the Immortal Empire who is still combat-ready. The Immortal Empire will collapse once I've gotten rid of you," the Sky Emperor said.

A dark-blue ghostly fire flickered as the Sky Emperor appeared in front of all the Martial Emperors of the past.

Empress Shui Xiu did not respond but she reached back into the void and drew her [Divine Sword of the South]. This sword was the supreme treasure of the Seven Fingers Race and her life Emperor weapon after she became Emperor. Evidently, by drawing this precious sword, she showed that she did not dare to underestimate her enemy and that she was ready to fight to the death.

"Very well. It has been some time since I've had the pleasure of killing a current Emperor, let alone an Empress." The Sky Emperor's dark-blue body was an exact copy of Lan Tian's, but his aura was many times more powerful than before. He waved his hands with a laugh and said, "Go ahead and attack the Imperial Palace. I'll deal with this woman myself."

"As you wish."

"Yes."

The rest of the Martial Emperors went ahead on his orders.

These Martial Emperors, who had once reigned supreme over their respective eras, were reduced to tame and obedient soldiers in front of the Sky Emperor.

Empress Shui Xiu tried to stop them but the Sky Emperor prevented her from going after them.

Although she was a current Martial Emperor, she was forced to use all her strength when battling the Sky Emperor.

Sun Yi's eyes had lit up hopefully, but when he saw what happened, whatever hope he felt vanished and his eyes quickly dimmed.

Yes, Empress Shui Xiu's appearance made sense since they had been prepared for their enemy to come after them.

The Martial Emperor of the past who attacked earlier slowly approached Sun Yi.

He smiled sinisterly and slowly stretched out his hand toward Sun Yi's head. He didn't use his Emperor qi but he clearly intended to humiliate Sun Yi by squeezing his head to the point of explosion.

Sun Yi was unable to move or put up a struggle.

A peak Quasi-emperor martial expert seemed as weak as an ant in the face of a powerful Martial Emperor.

"I doubt anyone would be able to save you now," the Martial Emperor said with a cold laugh.

However, another voice replied teasingly, "Oh, is that so? I think you might be wrong about that..."

A palm that was like a bird's claw shot out and gripped the hand of the Martial Emperor of the past. The force from this palm made this Martial Emperor of the past turn pale. Before he could even react, there was a cracking noise and his palm was reduced to blood and ashes.

"Who are you?" he said as he retreated in horror.

A figure appeared in a flash and a Dao rhythm that sounded like waves lapping against the shore could vaguely be heard.

A shabby-looking elderly man appeared beside Sun Yi and he smiled in such a playful manner that he didn't seem like a martial expert. It was hard to link the powerful existence who had crushed this Martial Emperor's hand with this shabby-looking elderly man.

The other Martial Emperors of the past stopped in their tracks when they saw this scene because they sensed that this man was a threat.

Everyone turned to look at this shabby-looking elderly man.

This shabby-looking elderly man bowed like an elegant prince and raised one hand in greeting. Then, he said with a smile, "Dear all, I'm the Inspiration King from the Boundless Ocean Domain... Are you trying to head inside the Imperial Palace to look at Little Ye Qingyu? Then, you'll first have to get past me and my friends."

As his voice died away—

The waters from the Yellow River suddenly appeared all around the Imperial Palace noiselessly, and the entire Imperial Palace and the square suddenly seemed part of the Yellow River Domain. Before the Martial Emperors of the past could react, the faint sounds of a small boat making its way along the river could be heard.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1319:


Chapter 1332 Going All In

Yellow-colored water appeared silently. When the Martial Emperors from previous eras discovered in shock that the Imperial Palace, along with the entire front of the parade square, had already been covered by yellow water, it was already up to their ankles.

"It's water from the rapids."

"Water from the Underworld."

A few Martial Emperors exclaimed as they felt a chilly aura.

The sounds of a boat being rowed became clearer. An ancient, rundown boat was riding on a huge yellow wave from a great distance away. A scarecrow wearing a conical bamboo hat stood on its bow. It was holding a long oar in its hand and rowing toward them. Terrifying, indescribable majestic power surrounded the ancient boat.

"The Ferryman of the Netherworld?!"

A few Martial Emperors exclaimed. Evidently, they knew about the scarecrow's identity.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld was a terrifying being that existed countless of eras ago and once made an astounding name for himself. He was a creature at the fiendgod level, and even though he went into seclusion later on, which caused people from later eras to gradually forget about him, a few older Martial Emperors of the past had still heard about his fearsome reputation.

In an instant, the expressions of dozens of previous Martial Emperors changed.

The Ferryman of the Netherworld's aura was comparable to that of the current Martial Emperor, and it came surging toward them with the yellow waves, exerting huge pressure on them. They would be no match for this mysterious being if they met him head-on with less than maximum strength.

"Stop him."

A few previous Martial Emperors growled.

Four people emerged from the group. They transformed into flowing light and directly shot in the scarecrow's direction.

At the same time, two other figures flew toward the Ancient Fish Spirit, the Inspiration King.

The other Martial Emperors from the past continued on toward the Imperial Palace.

The Sky Emperor's orders for them were to break into the Imperial Palace and slay Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu while he was still recuperating. As such, time was a crucial factor for them. The strategy of choice of the Martial Emperors of the past was to hold off the Ferryman of the Netherworld and Ancient Fish Spirit first. Getting rid of Ye Qingyu could wait.

"Dammit, I'm pissed," the Ancient Fish Spirit roared in anger. "Why did four of them go to stop the Scarecrow Spirit but only two were sent to face me? Are they looking down on me? My power is much stronger than that Scarecrow Spirit, how dare you people take me so lightly... Die!"

The reason for his rage was that too few opponents had been despatched to handle him.

The great battle began.

The Ancient Fish Spirit unleashed an extremely strong force of fighting prowess, which allowed him to suppress two Martial Emperors of the past. This forced the Sky Emperor's camp to send out two more Martial Emperors to even out the odds a little more. The outcome of the fight could now swing either way.

Both he and the Ferryman of the Netherworld managed to keep eight Martial Emperors of the past busy.

Such results would be awe-inspiring during normal circumstances, but now, taking the entire situation into consideration, such strength was still unable to change the tide.

The dozens of past Martial Emperors that remained advanced toward the Imperial Palace again.

Sun Yi gave out an angry roar, igniting his will to fight and as encouragement to the warriors behind him.

However, the aura released by the advancing Martial Emperors of the past was enough to suppress them, forcing the warriors to take some steps back. Wounds appeared all over their bodies, and blood began spurting out.

Suddenly, a ray of divine radiance shot out from within the Imperial Palace.

The Martial Emperor that was in front of the others felt his chest shake before he could even react. His entire body then shot backward like a broken ragdoll being shot by a ballista.

Whoosh!

At this moment, the piercing sound of arrows whistling through the air rang out.

An arrow was stuck in the Martial Emperor's chest.

The huge arrow, with a black shaft and white feathers, was nearly halfway inserted into him and nearly nailed him flat to the ground. The white feathered end was still vibrating, and its black shaft was glowing with a strange hue. Mysterious tadpole-like orange-red formations were glowing, and they seemed to be suppressing the Martial Emperor's power, preventing him from removing the arrow.

The other Martial Emperors were immediately shocked.

What sort of person could cause severe wounds to a Martial Emperor of the past with an arrow?

"In the dark forest, the grass stirs as the wind blows. The General draws his bow in the night, and when he brings along others to search for the tiger felled by his white-feathered arrow, they find it buried in a tombstone instead!"

A voice came from behind the crenelated parapet wall of the Imperial Palace's low tower.

A fat person, who looked as round as a ball and was dressed in golden armor, was drawing his bow with his left hand and stringing an arrow with his right, and chanting the poem meant for him with a stern expression. Unquestionably, the person who had just fired that arrow was him.

"Divine Feathered General?" Sun Yi exclaimed.

He then realized suddenly that after the Divine Feathered General released his arrow, the crushing aura generated from the Sky Emperor's camp opposite had completely disappeared. It had been instantly shattered by the arrow.

But, how could this be possible?

Sun Yi understood this Divine General.

He knew that the Five Great Divine Generals and the divine monkey battle pet Sun Wukong had been transferred from the Heaven Wasteland Domain to the Guardian Royal City. All six, with the exception of the Divine Feathered General, Wang Lijing, possessed a bearing and pattern that was better than Sun Yi's; they could be considered as reliable battle companions. Only the Divine Feathered General acted sloppily. He was greedy and lustful, and he had many bad habits. He did not behave like an expert in the least bit, and he did not seem to possess a high level of cultivation on the surface. Sun Yi believed that he was just here to make up numbers, but he did not expect... that the elegance of his shot was comparable to the grace of the current Martial Emperor.

"Today, the [Divine Feathered Bow] will reappear... Kill!"

Wang Lijin's figure flickered as he directly leaped up from the top of the castle into midair. His bowstring vibrated, and sounds like that of the Dao and thunder rolling appeared. No one was able to keep track of how many arrows were released in an instant. A shower of golden arrows rained down on the Martial Emperors of the past.

The good-for-nothing and mischievous expression was already gone from Wang Lijin's face. It had been replaced by a resolute and bloodthirsty look, something rarely seen on him.

Exclamations rang out.

"Let's settle our score over the past few millions of years today... Come on, kill!"

Another voice rang out.

Wen Wan appeared on the plaza, a huge, blood-colored axe in his hand. He was as fearsome as an insane tiger, as majestic power circled around his body. The blade of his axe glittered as he hacked a previous Martial Emperor in two from his waist. The Emperor was not even able to react.

"Fire can burn away ancient hatred, and heroes rise from the flames... Are you ready to face a world of flames? Hahaha." Gao Diping's sorrowful voice rang out, containing insane laughter.

The yellow water from the rapids was already up to everyone's calves. It was also known as the Water of Death that could drown Emperors, but instead, it behaved like kerosene. In the blink of an eye, it helped Gao Diping's [Realm of Fire] amplify to frightening levels, as if it were about to burn down everything in its path. The Martial Emperors felt threatened as they remained in the flames.

"The final refining process and removal of all restrictions were meant for today."

"Everything will be settled today."

The Divine Generals Zhi and Jue appeared as well.

What was different was that their power had undergone a huge transformation. Their strength was at an indescribable level now, far exceeding that of the Martial Emperors of the past, as if it had returned to the same level when the Divine Light Court conquered the world. No, they were even stronger than their previous peak states.

They had comprehended different forms of life after undergoing countless lifetimes of reincarnation up until today. Finally, they ended their journey in the cycle of reincarnation and no longer desired to go into the next life. This life would be their very last, and they were going to get back what they had lost in the battles of Cloudly Clear Sea and the Divine Light Court. The enlightenment attained from reincarnation and the power of their previous selves combined together led them to enter a state that was more powerful than anything they ever achieved before.

Boom!

A gigantic golden cudgel came crashing down, instantly grinding another Martial Emperor into pulp.

The divine monkey battle pet, Sun Wukong, appeared with a loud, angry roar.

It had reached its final stage of evolution. Its battle strength was amplifying wildly, and it had removed its Seal of Reincarnation.

At the same time, an invisible figure was secretly and quietly harvesting its opponents' lives. A blood-red scimitar glinted. It looked like the grim reaper's scythe itself, and even the Martial Emperors of the past ended up bathed in their own blood.

The strongest fighters left behind by the previous Divine Light Emperor finally displayed their peak powers after undergoing countless rounds of reincarnation.

The battle was undergoing a fundamental transformation at this stage.

The appearance of the Six Divine Generals, divine monkey battle pet, Ferryman of the Netherworld, Ancient Fish Spirit, Empress Shui Xiu, and other high-ranking experts finally evened out things a little for the Immortal God Emperor's camp. Even though they were still lacking in numbers, such a factor was already inconsequential in a battle of such huge proportions.

Furthermore, the Immortal Empire still had a few trump cards up its sleeve.

"Hahaha, the Divine Shark is looking for his prey." Ximen Yeshui's hearty and wild laughter rang out. At the same time, a thousand-meter-long, blue-colored, ancient divine shark leaped out of the shallow water and swallowed a Martial Emperor whole.

The dark-faced scholar wielding a three-pronged battle halberd displayed his true power.

He was also an Emperor.

At the same time, white flower petals fell from the sky. A white svelte figure, which looked like the Moon Fairy, descended slowly and joined the battle. She was Bai Yuqing, the successor of Bai Yujing. Fifty years ago, she was already close to becoming an Emperor, and now, she had already secured a foothold in the realm and had the right to join in the battle.

Unsurprisingly, Song Xiaojun, the Emperor of Darkness from the Unmoving City of Darkness, appeared at this moment as well. The giant tyrannic bear appeared, covered in black flames, and descended upon the plaza before the Imperial Palace with a flourish, immediately crushing a Martial Emperor with one foot.

The Female God of War who was swathed in flames seemed to possess an unmatchable aura.

The Emperor of Darkness, who was widely rumored to have been injured, did not seem to be suffering from very serious wounds. She still possessed peerless battle prowess; after all, she was a Martial Empress of the current era, and she became one after Ye Qingyu did likewise. She possessed the divine power of the Bloodline of Darkness.

The hearts of Sun Yi and the other ordinary experts instantly seemed to have retracted into their stomachs.

The situation was not as bad as they had believed.

Furthermore, Sun Yi realized to his surprise that somehow, the space in a five-kilometer radius around the Imperial Palace seemed to have been sealed away by an immense, unidentifiable power. Such a kind of seal was ineffective on ordinary experts, but it prevented the Emperors' powers from affecting other parties and from damaging property. Even if the Emperors unleashed their maximum powers, the excess energy generated by them would be dispersed fifty kilometers away.

It had to be the Immortal God Emperor's doing.

If that was the case, then everything was under control.

"Reach the last stage of evolution, let's fight to the death," a Martial Emperor shrieked and began to attack wildly. The spirits of his companions who were crushed and nailed to the ground still survived, and they eventually chose to refine their powers to the maximum to revert to their peak conditions at the expense of their lifespans and spirits. They were going all out.

Otherwise, if they lost, their souls would not be reincarnated anyway.

The battle reached a fever pitch.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1320:


Chapter 1333, Reversal

Now that the fighting had reached this extent, it can be said to be completely off its initial trajectory, which, for the Sky Emperor's camp, was undoubtedly a considerable setback.

Before this, in their view, the Great Immortal God Emperor and others were already in the bag. Under their previous numerous schemes, the Imperial Empire was already forced into a desperate state and can be easily crushed with a little force.

However, the Immortal God Emperor had numerous trump cards and Emperor experts under him, far more than they expected.

Moreover, besides Shui Xiu and Song Xiaojun, the majority of the Emperor experts of the Immortal Empire were Martial Emperors of the past, but for some reason, their battle strength was incredibly astonishing, comparable to present age Martial Emperors. As a result, the Sky Emperor's camp was unable to display their advantage in number.

“Extreme sublimation!”

“If we don't kill Immortal God, we will certainly come to a tragic end.”

“Fight!”

These past Martial Emperors were really desperate.

Everyone knew that Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu was famous for being vengeful, and his means were incomparably powerful. Since they had offended him, if they cannot get rid of him completely, he will certainly kill them all in the future when he has the chance.

Rumble!

Boom!

Terrifying power spread around the land surrounding the palace, indescribable Emperor qi was overflowing, and different Dao powers were bursting forth. Every Martial Emperor represented the pinnacle of a Dao intent of the world, which erupted at the same time. In an instant the laws and Emperor qi of the universe in this area all turned chaotic.

One figure after another was bursting forth brilliance as dazzling as the scorching sun.

The extreme sublimation was equivalent to destroying the seal within one’s body, as well as restoring one's strength to its peak state. That is the true extreme power of a Martial Emperor.

The battle instantly turned brutal.

At the same time, within dozens of kilometers of the Imperial Palace, that strange sealing force was increasingly obvious and clear. Under the ground was a bizarre pattern, extending out like a dragon. At the same time, thousands of meters above were similarly countless strange formation symbols and text flickering incessantly, connecting into words, like a golden ancient chain, which completely sealed the powers across the battlefield.

The past Martial Emperors of the Sky Emperor's camp, even if undergone extreme sublimation, very soon found that, under the repression of the sealing force, their strength was also suppressed. While the power of the Emperor experts of the Immortal God Emperor's camp, under such an environment, seemed to have been strengthened, and grew increasingly braver.

What made them even more shocked was that their recovery ability also greatly declined in such an environment. A past Martial Emperor was struck in the head by Sun Wukong, was unable to recover, and had no choice but use his wounded body to meet the enemies.

Inside the Imperial Palace, the deafening sound of the drum rang out.

Another figure appeared.

It was the million-year-old soul who had obtained the Immortal body. Shrouded in incomparably powerful Emperor qi all over, and holding up a silver palace hall, he came out of the Imperial Palace. He raised his palm into the air, activating the secret technique. That silver palm-sized palace floated up, the wind rose, and instantly grew to tens of meters tall before it slammed down. A past Martial Emperor desperately tried to evade and resist, but in the end was crushed, bones and blood splattering everywhere.

There were constantly past Martial Emperors being killed.

After losing that near Immorttal recovery ability of an Emperor expert, death seemed to be getting nearer and nearer.

The Sky Emperor's camp had suffered disastrous losses.

At this time of the battle, it was all people on their side who died.

“Hahaha, Sky Emperor, you have calculated everything, but today still fell into the shooting range.” Wen Wan laughed. His blood axe had already killed a past Martial Emperor. Dripping with blood all over, he resembled a God of War climbing out of a pool of blood.

Around the underground palace, Emperor's blood tumbled, and Emperor corpses lay in disarray.

The ferocity of this war can definitely be ranked in the top three since ancient times, right after the battle of the collapse of the Divine Light Court. There were sixteen past Martial Emperors in the Sky Emperor’s camp and all died in the state of extreme sublimation.

Empress Shui Xiu's sword power was like a sacred mountain, vast and sharp, as she joined hands with Song Xiaojun to fight against the Sky Emperor.

At the same time, in the face of two true Martial Emperors, the Sky Emperor also felt the pressure. Although not worried, he couldn’t separate too much energy to assist his group of people, but helplessly watched the Martial Emperors under him continue to fight to the death.

Emperor's blood stained the weak water.

Emperor's corpses floated in the blood.

And even if the number on the Immortal Empire's side was small, there were no casualties. Ximen Yeshui and Old Fish were injured but still had the strength to fight. The omnipresent sealing force greatly strengthened their power. Their body surface was glowing with golden formation symbols, and at critical moments, can receive help from the sealing force of heaven and earth...

Swoosh!

A beam of sword light pierced the sky.

Yan Xingtian appeared.

The sight of the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect was incredibly unexpected. He was well known across the Vast Thousand Domains, but did not have a particularly deep friendship with the Heaven Wasteland Empire or Ye Qingyu. It was unexpected for him to appear at this time. Sword light overflowed, Heaven Devastator intent roamed everywhere, and the air was filled with intense murderous spirit. The moment he made a move, someone was immediately wounded, reeling back in anger...

There was no doubt that the appearance of Yan Xingtian was the last straw that crushed the past Martial Emperors of the Sky Emperor's camp.

Because the news that they had received previously was that Yan Xingtian was in Clear River Domain. But now that he had shown up here, what does it signify? It signifies that, from the beginning to end, the Immortal God Emperor was in control of everything and was not passively taking a beating, but had been actively planning, waiting for their arrival.

There was an abrupt reversal in who is the prey and who is the hunter in today’s battle.

“Kill!”

“Fight, fight, fight. I'll kill you.”

“My way never fails, blood dyes the destroyed bodies.”

“A single slip can cause everlasting sorrow, and when look back again one hundred years have past.”

“The curtain finally drops. Our era, perhaps really should be over.”

The Emperors of the past truly felt the coming of death. In the last moments of their life, they look backed at the past and clearly knew that they had taken the wrong path. All their expectations and pursuits were nothing more than a dream. Even if they were unwilling, it was time to wake up from this dream.

Emperors of the past perished one after another.

The battle was so bitter and tragic.

After another hour, there were only two remaining powerful experts of the dozens of Emperors that came with Sky Emperor, although both were barely able to support any longer. The Emperors’ body was exhausted, dripping with blood and riddled with wounds. The entire palace square was like a land where fiendgods had fallen. No matter how they attempted to escape, all were blocked by the terrifying sealing power, unable to flee.

“Your Majesty, the situation is beyond salvageable.”

“Make a decision early.”

The last two Emperors of the past retreated to the side of the Sky Emperor, looking disappointed and panicked.

The Sky Emperor shook off the two Empresses, constantly retreated, and then stood in midair with a frost-like indifferent face. It was hard to distinguish whether he was happy or angry. He swept his eyes around, seeing the corpses of the Emperor experts he had worked hard to cultivate all these years, there was not a hint of ripple in his eyes. It was as if he was looking at a completely unrelated person.

But everyone knew that the last effort of this ambitious and ruthless character was, in the end, a complete failure.

Song Xiaojun, Shui Xiu and the other Emperors of the Immortal Empire slowly moved closer. Though riddled with wounds and blood, their imposing manner was just as earth shaking as before.

“Your Majesty, what do we do?”

“We must not fight any longer.”

The last two Emperors had completely lost their fighting spirit. The situation in front of them was already beyond salvageable. They saw the danger of defeat, and those omnipresent golden ancient symbols all over the sky and ground made them lose hope of the possibility of escape.

It was almost a situation of despair.

“Don't worry, I have a hidden trump card... the winner today will certainly be me, Hahaha.” The Sky Emperor laughed coldly, lips curved in a strange arc, as he suddenly made a move.

“Pff! Why?”

“Ah... Your Majesty, you...”

The two Martial Emperors of the past who insisted on fighting to the end revealed a dumbstruck expression, because the Sky Emperor's blue palm that was blazing with the flames of the underworld had pierced their bodies, skewering their hearts. The flames of the underworld, which could destroy everything in the world, was madly burning in their bodies, devouring the destruction of their origin and dantian.

At the most critical moment, the Sky Emperor's attack was not aimed at the enemies, but to attack his last two forces.

“Have a good journey, I will certainly avenge you.” The Sky Emperor's face was devoid of the slightest trace of guilt. Looking at the expression of shocked disbelief on their face, he still wore a calm expression.

The two Emperors of the past finally left with endless puzzlements and anger.

The Sky Emperor withdrew his palm, a strange smile resurfacing on his face.

Thud.

The two Emperor corpses plunged to the pool of blood on the ground.

Song Xiaojun and others were equally surprised, by such a scene, an unpredictable hunch came to their mind. The Sky Emperor was a peerless ambitious and ruthless character who had dominated over a long period of time. He was a ruler hidden in the darkness, and who possessed supreme schemes and mind. Could this be his trump card?

“Hahaha, Ye Qingyu, if these ants in front are your trump card, then you really have let me down, but that's all.” The Sky Emperor threw his head back and laughed.

He raised his hand and tossed out a black lacquer box.

Boom!

The lid of the box cracked.

Several incomparably terrifying fiendgod figures struggled out of the black lacquer box.

An unspeakable power of destruction filled the entire space instantaneously.

“It's them...” The Six Divine Generals and others were taken aback because they recognized the existences that emerged out of the lacquer box. That sinister aura was far too clear.

The Sky Emperor threw his head back and burst into laughter.

“Haha, the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster, the Dark Purple Sovereign, the White-Boned Dictator... Our previous agreement is now in force. This area is already filled with the blood of Emperors and corpses, similar to the battle of the Divine Light Court in the past, You can all eat at will, seize the time to recover, restore your strength, and kill the reincarnation of the Divine Light Emperor for me, who is also your sworn enemy.”

The mad and fierce voice of the Sky Emperor's reverberated across the Imperial Palace.

This was his real plan.

Those Emperors were only pawns for him to sacrifice. Their only value was to weaken the wings of Ye Qingyu and then die here. The most important thing was not their lives, but their flesh and blood, which could provide qi and blood as a source of food for the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

