Chapter 693:


Chapter 711 - Direct Promotion?


"Hmm? He's the master?!"

Ye Qingyu glanced at the green human-figure phantom floating in the air.

The phantom was like a mass of green wind and flowing light which circulated steadily, or like an air vortex. His aura was extremely weird, and clearly possessed powers of a stage which Ye Qingyu could not fathom given his present cultivation.

The master of the Violet Gold Divine Office was also the City Lord who was in charge of Sunrise City.

As the phantom drew closer, Ye could feel that the terrifying power on the plaza had stemmed from the body of this phantom.

Even someone so lofty and important was alarmed?

Ye Qingyu was largely surprised.

Why has the master come?

He exchanged a look with Yu Xiaoxing, both of them remaining silent.

"Master..." Shangguan Wu was somewhat eager to explain the events that took place here one more time.

"I know what happened." The phantom descended on the test platform, still retaining the appearance of a mass of circulating green light. His figure and visage could not be seen clearly, and his body circulated a chaotic aura. The one thing which could be felt was his gaze, which gave one a bizarre sensation.

He looked at Shangguan Wu and nodded his head slightly.

Frowning, Shangguan Wu's countenance became solemn as he continued, "My Lord, this matter is of utmost significance, affecting the destiny of the entire Human Race and even the future of the myriad domains. I cannot stress how important it is. If I may be so bold as to request my Lord to issue a Violet Gold Divine Order and seal up the passage of this news..."

While his words were still lingering in the air.

"A Divine Order? Lord Shangguan, that's a little far-fetched!" to one side, Huang Tayun abruptly interjected.

"If topping the Storm List doesn't warrant using the Divine Order, what does?" Unable to restrain himself any longer, Shangguan Wu flew into a rage and turned his head to glare at Huang Tayun, berating fiercely, "Supervisor Huang, for all these years we've hosted the Wall of Storm test together, you've been considerably fair and just, except for a little partiality every now and then which I've closed an eye to as long as it doesn't affect the overall situation. But today, you've acted completely out of character and harbored prejudice against the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps from the very start, repeatedly and purposely making things difficult for them. I would like to ask why, as a fellow human, you're doing this!"

Like all kinds of sharp ancient weapons, these words, which Shangguan Wu disclosed in a fit of anger, were simply compelling.

Over the past several hundred years, he had grown to understand Huang Tayun's way of doing things, having hosted many Wall of Storm tests together.

Although the latter had a bad, occasional habit of sucking up to the noble and bullying the weak, he had never behaved, during a test process, like he did today toward the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps - verbally disparaging them many times and deliberating making things difficult for them with his words.

Shangguan Wu did not mind initially.

He had thought that the contempt in Huang Tayun's words was simply because the latter despised the new domain somewhat. He could not but sense that something was amiss, however, when the latter repeatedly went about it.

And, seeing that the latter remained obstinate as ever even after Ye Qingyu had become number one on the Storm List, Shangguan Wu became seriously angry.

"You... you're throwing mud!" A hint of panic flashed across Huang Tayun's pupils.

With a somber face which gave the impression that he had been wronged, he hastily retorted, "I was simply... a little strict, so as to maintain the fairness of the test process...  Instead, Lord Shangguan, you seemed to show a great deal of partiality to the envoy mission regarding several judgments throughout the test, could it be that you've accepted some benefits from them?"

"Audacious!" Shangguan Wu's vigor intensified as his anger escalated, "Huang Tayun, you'd better figure out what you're saying. Everyone in Sunrise City knows I've always been impartial in all affairs. You can't just casually slander me like that!"

Huang Tayun flinched and his vigor shrank.

He had indeed spoken in panic, and did not consider Shangguan Wu's deep-rooted prestige in the city.

"I... I was simply worried about slip-ups during such an important event as domain rating, that... that was why I was so strict and harsh..." Huang Tayun lowered his head slightly and dared not look straight at Shangguan Wu.

"Strict and harsh? I believe you have an ulterior motive!" Shangguan Wu remained looking enraged.

"Master... I sincerely just wanted to manage the rating test well... please... I beseech Master to resolve this!" Huang Tayun revealed a look as if he had been gravely wronged as he kowtowed to the green phantom on the test platform.

On the test platform.

The green phantom was motionless.

After remaining silent for several breaths.

The phantom turned slightly toward Shangguan's direction and said, "Your consideration is right, but the Violet Gold Divine Order won't solve the problem fundamentally. After all, there are more than a thousand beings from other races here... it'll be hard to prevent all of them from speaking... Don't worry, I have a plan."

"Excellent..." Shangguan Wu was delighted upon hearing this.

He could finally relax his taut nerves slightly, and his face regained a calm look.

The person in front of him could be said to be a guiding deity within Sunrise City. Possessing immense powers and terrifying strength, he would certainly be able to handle this matter appropriately since he claimed to have a plan.

Exhaling a sigh of relief, Shangguan Wu took a look at the Wall of Storm and seemed to recall something. He then said, "Master, there's something I can't understand at all. During the second test today, nine marks were left on the wall, but for some reason, they later disappeared in front of everyone..."

To one side, Huang Tayun's body abruptly stiffened as he hurriedly added, "That's right, Master, we saw for ourselves that the marks disappeared for no reason... we even thought it was the Storm Martial Emperor's will..."

"I've already known about this too," the green phantom suddenly replied.

While his words were still lingering in the air.

A veil-like green wind mark suddenly disjoined from the green phantom and drifted toward the Wall of Storm which it then circuited.

A change appeared on the wall once more.

Like drops of water plummeting to the bottom of a lake, the Storm List completely disappeared into the wall. Subsequently, the rich and fresh layer of green misty glow reappeared on the wall. The entire wall surface seemed to be covered by a wandering green cloud as Dao surged upon it and continually changed the phenomena of the universe.

Soon, something even more unexpected happened.

On the wall surface which sparkled in green, a hair-like forest-green mist, which appeared to be trapped by a strange power, continually struggled to get free of the wall. The green wind mark pulled it off the wall and wrapped it up before drifting back to the test platform.

"The Wall of Storm had been tampered with."

A phantom palm disjoined from the green phantom and raised up slightly. Floating in the middle of the palm was the forest-green mist.

"There's a power that can interfere with the Wall of Storm?" Shangguan Wu was greatly alarmed.

The Wall of Storm was personally created by the Storm Martial Emperor, and was imbued with the law of storm and worldly Dao. It was simply unbelievable that it could be interfered with by other powers!

"Indeed! Who could be so crazy and audacious as to sabotage the test!" Huang Tayun suddenly spoke righteously.

"The power in this green mist is very odd. I'm unable to perceive its source for the time being. However, it definitely takes a martial Great Saint level being to be able to disturb the wall and in such an inconspicuous manner to boot. I must properly investigate this matter in the coming days." The phantom delicately clenched its fist, wrapping the forest-green mist in a green mass of light.

Huang Tayun lowered his head after seeing the strand of forest-green mist disappear in front of his eyes.

He inhaled a deep breath and moved his stiff fingers.

He had virtually smelled death during the moment that just past.

After living for so long, this was the first time he felt on the verge of being frightened to death.

Fortunately, the person who gave him the green ring possessed strength that reached the absolute summit, and thus no traces which the master could use to find out the source of the green energy were left.

Ye Qingyu was watching attentively.

After the wall returned to normal, he suddenly sensed the blurry green phantom on the test platform turning to look at him and Yu Xiaoxing.

Although the phantom did not have a face or eyes, Ye Qingyu could clearly feel that two eye beams were directed toward him and Yu Xiaoxing.

On the test platform.

"Hmm, this imperial qi..." The master, in his green phantom form, was slightly taken aback.

To his surprise, the imperial qi which he saw on the Heaven Wasteland Empress' body possessed an unusual power.

But he did not say anything. After all, the only person among the thousands of people on the test plaza who was important enough to make him appear via a doppelganger was the white-robed youth.

"Hoho, young man, you've shocked me. You're the first human to get on the Storm List for a thousand years, and the second human to ever top the list..." The master's phantom looked at Ye Qingyu and spoke in a deep and rich voice which sounded like jade stones knocking against each other. "The last time a human topped the list was more than three thousand years ago, the supreme talent called Wei Lie..."

"Wei Lie?" Ye Qingyu was surprised.

That name was originally ranked fifth on the Storm List.

Nobody had thought that this talent was a human who existed three thousand years ago.

"I'm also very surprised by today's matter." Ye Qingyu cupped his hands and expressed his deep respect for the widely renowned City Lord.

"Now that you've gotten on the list and taken top spot, the name Ye Qingyu will soon be known throughout the myriad domains. and you'll become a key focal point of various domains and human forces. Young man, are you ready?" The master's tone contained a hint of laughter. "But this matter isn't as simple as you think."

Ye Qingyu listened carefully without interjecting.

Given his current strength, he might already be considered "heaven-defying" in the Heaven Wasteland Domain, but among the myriad domains, especially those terrifying forces of the upper domains, he was just like a baby who did not have to be feared.

Moreover, as a new domain, the Heaven Wasteland's various forces were still very weak. If they were to be attacked by a force from any mature domain, they would probably be flattened and minced like meat on a chopping board.

After seeing Ye Qingyu's behavior, the green phantom nodded inwardly and raised his evaluation of the former by a level. He then continued, "If the Chaotic Sky City gets wind of this, they might just give the Heaven Wasteland Domain a pass for domain rating straight away. This would undoubtedly be incredible news for your domain."

Upon hearing this, Ye Qingyu became overjoyed at once.





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 694:


Chapter 712 - We'll Account to You

The domain rating for the Heaven Wasteland Domain included not only the tests of the nineteen large cities on the Road of Chaos but also the deliberate making of difficulties by unpredictable hidden forces.

Therefore, the road was bound to be filled with danger and all kinds of traps.

According to the Violet Gold Divine Office Master's explanation, news of topping the Storm List might indeed allow the Heaven Wasteland Domain to directly pass domain rating, and thereby skip the various tests and avoid the disturbances of hidden enemy forces, but... Ye Qingyu acutely took note of one word in the master's words - "might".

It was only a possibility.

In other words, the Heaven Wasteland Domain might not be granted a direct pass.

"Junior understands what you mean, Office Master." Ye Qingyu smiled and said with great respect, "Junior knows the interests involved in this matter and understands the pains that Senior has taken. Mythinking is, after all, short-sighted and shallow, and so it's best that Senior makes decisions regarding this matter on my behalf."

He had already sensed that the master of the Violet Gold Divine Office bore him no ill will.

"Hahaha, alright, alright. With such penetrative comprehension power, you've proven why you could beat down Po Hun's demon-like talents." The phantom suddenly guffawed and said, "Since you consider me your senior, I shall make decisions regarding this for you. For now, let this matter remain here, alright?"

The master's mild tone made it sound as if he was actually conferring with Ye Qingyu.

Shangguan Wu and Huang Tayun, who both stood in front of the test platform, trembled slightly. They never expected that the great and noble master of the Violet Gold Divine Office and Lord of the Sunrise City would actually consult the opinion of a young genius from a new domain. Furthermore, one could see that the master thought extremely highly of the young man from Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Undoubtedly, a lot of respect was shown to Ye Qingyu.

But from another perspective, Ye Qingyu's topping of the Storm List was an achievement which surpassed ancients and amazed contemporaries, and was indeed worthy of respect. After all, once this young man grew up, he would definitely be able to reach the current level and status of the master.

He laughed and nodded his head, saying, "Junior has the same intention. Thank you for the trouble you've taken, master." With that, he saluted once more.

"Haha, alright, young man. You've indeed made quite the impression on this office. And yes, today's test is over. We hereby declare that you all have officially passed and may proceed to the next city... We need to remind you all that the city tests will only become more and more difficult and dangerous, and thus hope you'll be more careful. We shall wait in the Chaotic Sky City for your successful arrival." The master guffawed unrestrainedly and said, "Of course, if anyone secretly makes things difficult for you all, we won't just sit by idly. We'll host a banquet to honor you all when you make it to Chaotic Sky City."

"Office Master, you are very kind. Qingyu will obey your words," Ye Qingyu said with a smile.

"Good." The phantom raised a hand and was about to undo the seal upon the test plaza.

Just then, Ye Qingyu thought of something.

He smiled and spoke up once more, "Office Master, there's another matter Junior needs to report. Junior and several others may not be able to leave Sunrise City yet, and instead have to go to the Lightless Dungeon to await trial."

"Oh?" the master uttered. "What happened?"

Ye Qingyu suddenly took a glance at the pensive-looking Huang Tayun, as well as Huang Lin, who had frozen into a human statue. He decided to talk about the "theft" issue so as to draw support from the master and resolve it completely. Otherwise, it would hold up a considerable amount of the Heaven Wasteland Domain's time and affect their domain rating efforts, even if it was to be resolved later on.

"Junior still has an unresolved issue in the city. Someone is waiting for the test to end before locking Junior back up in the Lightless Dungeon."

"What's going on?" The green phantom appeared somewhat surprised.

Ye Qingyu swiftly orated the sequence of events.

"Shangguan Wu, go find the personnel relevant to this incident and dig out the entire story. Go now." The master's voice was very calm. "Bring me the truth within the time it takes for me to drink a cup of tea."

"Yes, Master, I'll go immediately!"

Upon receiving orders, Shangguan Wu became solemn and instantly transformed into a beam of flowing light which vanished from the test plaza.

Huang Tayun, who remained standing in front of the test platform, had long become so frightened that his face turned ashen pale and he was bereft of his wits. However, he took pains to appear calm in order to avoid giving himself away.

This was because he had personally arranged for his nephew Huang Lin to slander the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps for theft and to trouble them when they were entering the city. Furthermore, he had especially instructed Huang Lin to keep Shopkeeper Zhou alive as a witness so as to create a false impression of irrefutable proof and help them secure a successful conviction.

However, now that Shangguan Wu personally conducted the investigation, he would, given his status and methods, certainly be able to get Shopkeeper Zhou to talk and thereby dig out the truth.

If Shopkeeper Zhou cared only for saving his own skin and revealed everything he knew, Huang Lin would certainly be in huge trouble.

Huang Tayun anxiously shot a glance at his nephew as he thought to this point. Subsequently, he turned his eyes away, with his expression becoming extremely sinister.

If this nephew of his could not be saved, it would be no more than the loss of a subordinate for him.

But if Huang Lin had told Shopkeeper Zhou more than was necessary, and Shangguan Wu found out about the supervisor's involvement from the latter's mouth, then...

Dear Huang Lin, you'd better pray that you didn't mention me in front of Shopkeeper Zhou, otherwise, I'll chew and swallow your bones to vent my hatred before I die!

With an extremely complicated look on his face, Huang Tayun lowered his head and clenched his fists.

"Supervisor Huang, you seem very disturbed..." Ye Qingyu had been eyeing Huang Tayun for an unknown amount of time.

"Huh? What? You're... bullshitting!" Startled, the latter blurted without thought, "With my clear conscience, I have no fear of false accusations. Young man, don't you try using this opportunity to wrong me, just because I was a little strict during the test!"

Ye Qingyu raised the corners of his mouth slightly without saying anything further.

After the time it took to drink a cup of tea.

A beam of flowing light breached the sealing wind layer and landed on the test platform in the middle of the plaza.

Shangguan Wu was back.

Huang Tayun became increasingly frightened and uneasy inside.

"Master!" Shangguan Wu saluted before submitting a jade slip covered by a pale green halo to the Violet Gold Office Master.

After reading the jade slip, the master said nothing and pondered for several moments.

Subsequently, the phantom once again looked at Ye Qingyu and said, "Young man, this matter is the Office's fault. We'll account to you in due course."

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu felt lighter in his heart.

He simply thanked the green phantom on the test platform without asking more.

In the meantime.

An extremely terrifying green radiance suddenly sparkled, with the test platform as its center.

Ye Qingyu abruptly felt a magnificent and uncontrollable supernatural power pervade the entire test plaza.

The next moment, the thousand-odd people who were trapped on the plaza began to recover. However, each and every one of them revealed a vacant look, completely oblivious to what had happened.

The green phantom on the test platform had long disappeared.

The master of the Violet Gold Divine Office had departed.

There was not a trace or breath of the green phantom left on the test plaza.

The crowd in the middle of the plaza began to regain its previous vitality.

"What's going on?"

"Just now..."

"It seems like... the Wall of Storm has been punched through by Lord Ye and the test is over, right?"

"Lord Shangguan, have we passed the test yet?"

"Lord Ye is incredible..."

"Of course, he's the strongest War God of our domain!"

The discussing crowd looked with expecting eyes at Shangguan Wu.

Ye Qingyu was slightly stunned. After seeing the crowd's expressions and hearing their discussions, he immediately realized that the mysterious master had used a supernatural power to erase the memories of everyone else when space and time were frozen.

They had apparently forgotten everything that just took place.

Therefore, only the master, Shangguan Wu, Huang Tayun, Xing'er, the two reception elders, and Ye Qingyu himself knew about his name's appearance on the Wall of Storm. This was indeed a better solution than Shangguan Wu's suggestion to use the Violet Gold Divine Order to keep mouths shut.

But the problem was...

Ye Qingyu looked at Huang Tayun, whose expressions were ever-changing.

He did not believe that the supervisor would help him keep this secret.

I'm afraid, even before we leave Sunrise City, this geezer would already have leaked this information... he's obviously eager to see me dead.

But there's no point talking about this now.

That the master did not erase his memory shows that he can kinda be trusted.

The test came to a complete end.

The Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps had finally and successfully gotten through the first checkpoint.

This was a very good start.

Everyone was very excited.

Led by Shangguan Wu, the contingent began to leave the test site. The plump elder Yan Wushuang cheerfully mixed in with the crowd, whereas the emaciated elder Shuang Wuyan remained as frosty as an iceberg. Ye Qingyu walked behind the crowd, smiling as he looked at them.

He still felt a little odd.

When the master of the Violet Gold Divine Office appeared, he did not control the two reception elders, nor did he say anything to them. More importantly, they were neither shocked nor respectful when they saw him appear. Is it possible that they are similar to him in status?

Ye Qingyu was starting to feel like he could never understand the two reception elders.

It was highly possible that their backgrounds were even more mysterious than what Ye Qingyu had understood at the start.

...

There was finally not a single person on the Wall of Storm test site.

Everyone had left.

The gate in the distance gradually closed amid a thunderous noise.

However, just then, a green wind began to spin in the air above the wall once again. Gradually, the blurry figure of the Office Master once again appeared, before landing on the ground and walking up to the wall.

A beam of green flowing light shot out from the figure's hand and into the wall.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 695:


Chapter 713 - Evil Begets Evil

Similar changes once again appeared.

Names gradually appeared one after another on the Wall of Storm.

Like before, they were the names of the thirty demon-like supreme talents, with Ye Qingyu’s own name sparkling in a dazzling light at the very top. Those twowords were like two eternal near-impassable and lofty divine mountains which made people look up.

"To think that a demon-like talent would appear among the Human Race. Could a human imperial planet really be rising, just like the old prophecy said?" The master's blurry green figure stood in front of the wall, seeming extremely emotional. "Will the emperor's prophecy be confirmed by this young man? And, that girl, she has a rare, true imperial qi which is even more unique than the Taiping God's... what secret is the Heaven Wasteland Domain hiding?"

After ruminating for some time, the master suddenly raised his hand and gently stroked the Wall of Storm.

The surface changed.

The thirty names were flipped over like the turning of pages in a book.

A new surface appeared, and on it were many names which were closely recorded.

The highest name on this surface was Xue Feihan, the former 30th place of the first surface, and now the 31st place. Below him were the 31st, 32nd, 33rd, 34th, and so on... until the 60th place. Like the first surface, these were also the names of bygone demon-like talents, and they included not just humans but other races as well. Every name represented a glorious period in history and a heart-stopping period of the past.

Very few people knew that the Wall of Storm actually recorded more than just the names of the top 30 supreme demon-like talents.

It would assess and remember the strength and potential of each and every person who took the Wall of Storm test, albeit the names after the 30th would not be displayed to most people. Only the master of the Violet Gold Divine Office had the right to check these rankings.

The master raised his hand repeatedly, flipping through surface after surface of records.

"58th place, Yan Buhui."

"79th place, Ximen Yeshui."

"80th place, Wen Wan."

"90th place, Yu Xiaoxing..."

His astonishment grew as he looked over the names recorded on the Storm List.

The Storm List disappeared following the surge of a beam of green flowing light in his hand. Although the master did not continue flipping through the list, he knew that it would certainly contain more people from the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps than the ones he had already seen.

He was amazed by their high rate of getting on the list.

There were a staggering seven of them among the top one hundred. This percentage was a little too insane.

"Heaven Wasteland... Heaven Wasteland... what kind of secret could it be holding? The winds and clouds of the Alliance of Domains have recently been surging, and many dark currents have been flowing, clearly toward this small domain, while even those forces have been alarmed... Hmm, I must properly investigate this matter. In any case, it's my obligation to protect a demon-like talent who has topped the Storm List,"

the master murmured to himself.

...

After the time it takes to burn an incense stick.

The Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps had returned to their quarters in the city.

With great anxiety, the mission members who had been guarding the camp immediately greeted the returnees, and were eager to know the final outcome.

They had been even more nervous than the test participants, and had behaved like cats on hot bricks because they could not be kept informed of the circumstances on the test site and could do nothing but wait.

"We succeeded!"

"Hahaha, we totally passed!"

Quickly, news of their test success swept like a tempest and reached the ears of every member who had stayed behind. Thunderous cheers erupted throughout the camp. Everyone was thrilled and could barely contain the joy in their hearts.

They had finally passed through the first checkpoint.

However, the leaders, including the Wuzhao Empress Yu Xiaoxing, dared not lighten up too much. There was only a month's time to get through the Road of Chaos, and thus time was extremely pressing. In order to seize every second and minute, Yu Xiaoxing gave orders to immediately decamp and advance to the next city.

Everyone on the plaza became busy.

A squad of Violet Gold Divine Guards suddenly arrived just as everyone had readied themselves for departure.

Leading the squad were the deputy commander Shangguan Wu and the Violet Gold Divine Office front court supervisor Huang Tayun.

They had led a squad to the plaza and arrived in front of the main tent.

Ye Qingyu and several others hurriedly stepped out to receive them.

"Lord Shangguan, we meet again so soon. You're here because..." Ye Qingyu saluted and asked with a smile.

Everyone showed immense respect for Shangguan Wu, the upright and outspoken deputy commander of the Violet Gold Divine Guards who had greatly assisted the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps during the test process.

As for Huang Tayun, however, Ye Qingyu was much less well-disposed, and neither looked at nor greeted him.

Huang Tayun's countenance became ever more somber.

"Lord Ye, judging from your haste, are you about to set off? It's fortunate I came in time. The master had said to account to you before you leave the city, and so we've brought the culprits." Shangguan Wu smiled affably with his face looking a little apologetic, before he shook his head, saying, "Black sheep have appeared among the Violet Gold Divine Guards, and as a commander, I was unaware and so am to blame as well. We've found out the truth regarding the theft case. I shall allow you to punish these despicable wretches."

Ever since the Storm List incident, Shangguan Wu's appreciation of Ye Qingyu, the supremely talented youth and fellow human, only grew. Therefore, his attitude while talking to the latter naturally became a lot friendlier.

"Lord Shangguan, thank you for your troubles."

Ye Qingyu looked toward the direction the former pointed in.

"Bring them over." Shangguan Wu beckoned by nodding.

From among the dozen-odd guards behind him, several trussed-up men were pushed in front of Ye Qingyu.

Standing at the very front, gnashing his teeth and looking unresigned, was none other than the little Captain Huang Lin.

He had been stripped of his Violet Gold Divine Armor and was left in his overalls. With his hands and legs shackled and his inner yuan entirely sealed, he looked very much like a convict.

To one side was a middle-aged man who had long been trembling in fear and seemed on the verge of kneeling on the floor - the [Refine Armor's] Shopkeeper Zhou.

Beside them were several Violet Gold Divine Guards who followed Huang Lin.

Ye Qingyu swept a glance across these people before turning to respectfully thank Shangguan Wu. "Many thanks to the Office Master for apprehending the saboteurs and clearing our names. Lord Shangguan is truly swift and powerful at getting things done. Junior admires you completely."

Shangguan Wu politely shook his hands and said, laughing, "That's not all. Master has issued a city order declaring that, from today on, all of [Refine Armor's] assets and wealth shall belong to the Heaven Wasteland Domain, while these slanderous culprits shall be at your full disposal."

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu was inwardly delighted.

This was really good news.

As a one-thousand-year-old shop in Sunrise City, [Refine Armor] possessed deep foundations and a great fortune, while in its storehouse was a large number of armors and weapons which were top-notch martial resources enough to raise the strength of the entire envoy mission by a level. In addition, the shop was situated in a prime location within Sunrise City, giving the envoy mission a stronghold from where it could gradually make firm progress. The master of the Violet Gold Divine Office had truly bestowed them a generous gift.

"Many thanks to the Office Master for his kindness. It would be disrespectful of Junior to decline." Ye Qingyu smiled so widely that his eyes squinted.

"It shall be up to you to punish this wretch who colluded with Huang Lin to frame you." As Shangguan Wu spoke, a guard by the side kicked Shopkeeper Zhou before Ye Qingyu.

The shopkeeper, who had been trembling all over throughout, was instantly frightened out of his wits. His feeble body crawled nearer to Ye Qingyu before he begged in a quivering weak voice, "Lord... Lord Ye... I... I was deceived and my conscience blinded... I was confused... Lord... don't take offense at a lowly person like me... let... let me go..."

Instead of looking at him, Ye Qingyu glanced sideways at Huang Lin, who was bound into a large dumpling by a [Soul-Confining Cangue] and a [Yuan-Inhibiting Rope].

This former little leader, who depended on Huang Tayun and was notorious in the city for abusing his authority, was still gnashing his teeth brutally and glaring bleakly at Ye Qingyu, albeit he did show a little fear.

By looking at his appearance, the latter naturally knew what he was thinking.

His uncle was, in any case, a front court supervisor of the Violet Gold Divine Office, and possessed not only a reputation throughout the city but also strength which was much higher than Ye Qingyu's.

Therefore, even though he was all trussed up, he still firmly believed that Ye Qingyu would at most be able to reprimand him, and would not dare to really lay a hand on him.

Ye Qingyu came up with a plan.

Revealing a smile at the corners of his mouth, he looked at Shangguan Wu and said, "Lord Shangguan, as the saying goes, when in Rome, do as the Romans do. This being Junior's first time in Sunrise City, Junior doesn't know the local laws. May I ask, what's the appropriate punishment for framing others for theft, according to the city's laws?"

"According to the law, death," Shangguan Wu answered.

"I see." Looking assured, Ye Qingyu nodded as he looked at Shopkeeper Zhou, who prostrated before him. Smiling, he greeted, "We meet again, Shopkeeper Zhou."

Horrified, the latter looked uneasily at the white-robed youth in front of him.

Although Ye Qingyu was clearly smiling, the shopkeeper felt as if the person he was facing was the grim reaper, whose body emanated a fierce killing intent and chill, from Asura's purgatory.

Shopkeeper Zhou desperately admitted his guilt and begged Ye Qingyu for mercy. "Lord Ye... spare me... I won't ever... I won't ever dare... [Refine Armor]... everything is yours... I'll be your... servant and worker... spare me... it's all... Huang Lin, he directed me! He's the mastermind! I did what I was told... I was forced..."

Ye Qingyu gently shook his head.

At the moment of impending death, the deficiencies and weaknesses of human nature would often show up this vividly and thoroughly.

Although Shopkeeper Zhou was but an executor directed by others, he had nevertheless assisted in doing evil. Judging from the hideous face he showed on the day of the incident, he would certainly not spare the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps if he was not caught, and thus Ye Qingyu would not show the least bit of mercy. Keeping him alive would be equivalent to creating a ticking time bomb for oneself.

Ye Qingyu had long known his decision.

His body emanated an invisible ice qi, while he continued to smile.

"Before I left that day, when I said that we would meet again, you should already know what the outcome would be, Shopkeeper Zhou... You reap what you sow. If we were to swap roles, I believe you wouldn't spare me either. So... don't blame me for being cruel and merciless."

Before the sound from his words dissipated, Ye Qingyu exerted a palm.

Instantly, Shopkeeper Zhou seemed as though he had been frozen by an extremely terrifying power. He fell flat on the floor, completely devoid of breath.

Bam!

The next moment, this ice statue shattered into countless fragments of ice crystals and disappeared into the air.

When Huang Lin saw this, his complexion changed dramatically and his body began to shudder unconsciously.

He never thought that Ye Qingyu would kill for real, and so briskly and neatly to boot.

But he still held a glimmer of hope in his heart. After all, these matters started because of his uncle...

With beseeching eyes, he sneaked a glance at Huang Tayun beside him.

The latter certainly saw his nephew's distressed expression, and after a brief hesitation, he looked at Ye Qingyu with an amiable and apologetic smile and said, "Lord Ye, congratulations to the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps for passing the test. My nephew Huang Lin is still too young, and was instigated by a few malicious people to do some reckless things and cause problems for you, but this was, after all, only because he acted on impulse. Please give him a chance to correct his ways and start anew, seeing as he's young and ignorant..."

Ye Qingyu replied, laughing, "Supervisor Huang, you think that he was acting on impulse? When he and his men brought me to the Lightless Dungeon, he repeatedly expressed his wish to kill me. I would be a dead man by now if I wasn't fortunate enough."

Somewhat embarrassed, Huang Tayun's complexion darkened. Knowing he could not afford to lose his temper, he hesitated briefly before continuing, "Lord Ye, everything is Huang Lin's fault, but may I ask that you forgive him this once, seeing as he's my nephew."

Ye Qingyu remained silent for a few moments after hearing Huang Tayun's words, then, with a flash of his pupils, revealed a faint odd smile and said, "Supervisor Huang, let me make things clear. It's precisely because he's your nephew that I cannot spare him."

With that, he struck out.

A stream of max-level ice-cold yuan qi surged from his palm and struck toward Huang Lin.

Thump!

"No, I..." Huang Lin was panic-stricken yet helpless as his stiffened body collapsed straight onto the floor like a felled tree, his eyes wide open in a disbelieving look.

In a twinkling, the young cavalry leader breathed his last.

"You..." Huang Tayun became enraged upon seeing this. Killing intent surged from all over his body, which trembled in anger.

He glared at Ye Qingyu with incomparably malicious-looking eyes and declared, "Fine, fine, fine. Heh heh, I never thought Lord Ye would be this cruel and merciless despite being so young and would do things in such an extreme manner... But as they say, relationships and hatred are eternal and never-changing, the road ahead remains very, very long, so take care and do your best, Lord Ye, I believe... we'll meet again!"

"Ho, is that so? Junior also cannot wait for the next meeting with Supervisor Huang." Ye Qingyu finally looked at Huang Tayun and spoke with profound significance.

Huang Tayun snorted and did not say another word.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 696:


Chapter 714 - Black Demon Pool

Ye Qingyun paid no further attention to Huang Tayun after taking a look at him.

The Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps was ready to set out after Ye Qingyu briefly conversed with Shangguan Wu, who personally escorted them until they were outside of Sunrise City.

Ye Qingyu expressed his gratitude once more and waved goodbye to the latter.

With time pressing, the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps got on the Road of Chaos and advanced to the next test city.

As for [Refine Armor] which now belonged to their domain, Yu Xiaoxing had already assigned a few willing and dependable men to manage it. She believed that it would become an extremely important station of the Heaven Wasteland Domain in the future.

Shangguan Wu watched the envoy mission leave and only turned to return to the city when they had completely disappeared from sight.

At the same time.

After the envoy mission was gone.

Huang Tayun remained standing on the plaza, his body trembling faintly and his pupils overflowing with murderous spirit.

"Supervisor Huang, try to limit your grief and accept your losses." To one side, a Violet Gold Divine Guard consoled.

From what others could see, Supervisor Huang was devastated by Huang Lin's death, being his uncle.

However, only Huang Tayun himself knew exactly what his current mood was.

He was actually not too concerned about the death, and, on the contrary, was a little grateful that Ye Qingyu performed the deed swiftly. There was a chance that his death-fearing nephew would have dragged him down with himself had Ye Qingyu tortured for a little longer.

The main reason why he was trembling with anger was Ye Qingyu's last sentence that said the latter could not spare Huang Lin precisely because he was the former's nephew. This was a painful slap in the face for the highly-reputed Violet Gold Divine Office front court supervisor, especially when it was said in front of Shangguan Wu and so many Violet Gold Divine Guards.

Moreover, he failed to accomplish his mission of preventing the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps from passing the test, and thereby reneged on his promise to the person behind the scenes. The consequences of this would be serious, and it would greatly affect the benefits he obtained.

More importantly, what most worried him was that the master had obtained a wisp of the forest-green mist. If the latter found out something from within and managed to trace the culprit, then this front court supervisor would probably soon find himself in hell.

Huang Tayun only left the plaza after a long time, when everyone else was already gone.

Concealing his tracks with extreme caution, he cut through the streets and alleys and finally arrived in a quiet room of a restaurant at the end of a street.

A woman with a slim figure, enchanting beauty, and extremely seductive eyes had been waiting here for a long time.

"Supervisor Huang, you're late. Have things been settled?" The woman's voice contained a terribly uncanny charm. It was Jiang Xiaohan's unique tone.

"No."

"What!? You..." The complexion of her charming face changed slightly, and her expression abruptly turned ice-cold. "Hoho, Supervisor Huang. Don't forget that you obtained a lot of benefits from my master, yet you can't even complete a simple task like this in the end. Are you doing this on purpose?"

"Miss Jiang, you think too much. A couple of accidents happened. That Ye fellow is scary..." Huang Tayun seemed to recall something and his eyes became gloomy like no other. "It seems now that it'll be very difficult to prevent the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps from passing the trial as long as Ye Qingyu is around."

"Hoho, Supervisor Huang. This wasn't what you said when you accepted those lavish gifts and made your promise, patting your chest." Jiang Xiaohan glanced grimly at Huang Tayun before continuing, "You know the consequences of failing your tasks. I'm afraid it's gonna be difficult accounting to Master!"

"Don't worry, I'll certainly account to your master. I'll soon be heading to the Black Demon Pool to thwart the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps’ next test. I, Huang Tayun, always fulfill my promises when I've accepted gifts." The latter revealed a tinge of murderous spirit in his frosty eyes.

"That would naturally be best, otherwise, you should know the outcome of displeasing my master." There was a hint of undisguised threat in Jiang Xiaohan's sweet voice.

"Ah, you don't have to worry about these kinds of things, Miss Jiang." As Huang Tayun spoke, his countenance changed and his right hand naturally slipped around Jiang Xiaohan's waist, revealing a lustful smile at the corners of his lips. "Let's talk about something else. I have a piece of news concerning the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps which would shock the myriad domains, and would be extremely important to your master. I believe he'll be very interested..."

"What's it?" A little disgust showed on Jiang Xiaohan's face as she recoiled her body.

Huang Tayun held out a finger and shook it in front of Jiang Xiaohan, smiling even wider and saying, "Five hundred kilograms of top-quality divine-level origin crystals."

"What? Five hundred kilograms of... divine-level origin crystals? Supervisor Huang, you're kidding, right?" Snorting, Jiang Xiaohan turned her hips and broke away from Huang Tayun's bent arm.

The latter was slightly astounded by the strength which the former exerted in this moment.

This woman was stronger than he had expected.

"Heh heh, I'm already giving you all a huge discount, out of our intimate relationship!" Smiling somewhat awkwardly, he dared not belittle her anymore. "Your master will feel that it's good value for money after hearing the news..."

She looked at him and hesitated before replying, "Alright, I can help you to convey the news, but you must know the consequences of deceiving and teasing my master."

Putting a hold on his teasing demeanor, Huang Tayun nodded cautiously.

An hour later.

After walking out of the restaurant, Jiang Xiaohan disappeared from the street end in a flash.

Huang Tayun silently sat alone in the quiet room.

The expression on his face was hideous like no other.

"I can no longer remain in Sunrise City. Even though I wasn't exposed today, the master will eventually dig out clues using his supernatural powers, and I'll then be a dead man. Might as well think ahead... Heh heh, if I divulge the news of topping the Storm List, it would certainly rock the universe, particularly to those with huge ambitions. But at the same time, I cannot divulge it so easily. Heh heh, let's use this news to try my luck first. If I can obtain enough cultivation resources and find a deserted place to hide for a few hundred years in..."

Huang Tayun muttered below his breath.

His expression was like that of a ferocious evil spirit.

"Of course, before this, heh heh, Ye Qingyu, I'll make you beg for death. Offending me will be the greatest nightmare of your life, and it won't be just you but the Heaven Wasteland Domain which I'll completely bury. That adorable empress you're protecting, hahaha, I'll turn her into a whore f*cked by tens of millions of men in the cheapest brothel in the Black Demon Pool, hahahaha!"

The quiet room reverberated with Huang Tayun's deep and vicious laughter.

He left the room two hours later.

That day, the front court of the Violet Gold Divine Office announced that Supervisor Huang Tayun had been greatly devastated and saddened by his nephew Huang Lin's death, and so had decided to go into self-isolation for a month after the burial to get his mental state back together.

...

After leaving Sunrise City, the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps’ next stop was the second of the nineteen cities of chaos - Black Demon Pool.

This city was established by a bygone martial emperor of the Black Demon Race.

On the way to the Black Demon Pool, Ye Qingyu, Yu Xiaoxing, and the others were given a broad understanding of the city by the two reception elders, particularly Shuang Wuyan.

Completely unlike Sunrise City, it was actually a giant sinkhole pervaded by an extremely spooky black demon qi despite being a city.

Legend had it that this sinkhole, which resembled a bottomless underground abyss, was pervaded by all kinds of strange Demon Race auras, while the shrilling and dreadful noises which reverberated within were tormenting to experts below the Heaven Ascension realm and would cause them to die from depletion of inner yuan. It was divided into eighteen zones, with every eight kilometers down constituting one zone. The deeper one went, the more terrifying and hazardous it became.

Extremely brutal, tough, and evil demonic forces resided in the underground city, which was known as the lair of all sorts of demonic-level ghosts and monsters.

The Black Demon Pool was more like an underground adventure park where demons of absolute strength gathered. It was chaotic and gruesome like no other, such that every step within constituted a risk and was filled with a naturally-forming and insidious danger.

Four hours later.

The Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps passed through the chaotic portal and finally arrived within the Black Demon Pool.

"Is this the Black Demon Pool? No wonder it's called 'Black Demon'..." Ye Qingyu sighed.

A labyrinthine realm pervaded by a black mist appeared in front of his eyes.

Curious black vine plants and towering trees gave off an extremely unusual aroma over an area of several hundred kilometers in perimeter.

In the middle, surrounded by these giant vines and trees, was a huge abyss of a thousand meters in diameter within which demon qi surged endlessly. It resembled a volcanic vent which was on the verge of spewing lava.

Covering an area of several hundred kilometers in perimeter, the Black Demon Pool was a small world created in the chaotic void by the Black Demon Emperor using his best magical powers. Boundless black demon qi pervaded the void, obstructing the entry of chaotic windstorms and star fragments in the sky dozens of kilometers above, and thereby guarding the Black Demon Pool like the wind layer of laws in the sky above Sunrise City.

Like a bottomless pit, the black abyss was unfathomably deep. One's heart would begin to palpitate just by standing at one side and casually looking down.

After arriving within the boundary of the Black Demon Pool, both reception elders looked solemn and unusually cautious, while the atmosphere was also a lot more serious than when they were in Sunrise City.

Evidently, even these two enigmatic experts had some fear for this city.

"This place is interesting..."

Standing on the edge of the Black Demon Pool, Old Fish chortled as if he had thought of something.

The envoy mission followed the two reception elders to the abyss' entrance, where the yuan qi of several experts were instantly roused by the furiously surging demon qi, as though they were confronted by a formidable enemy.

Looking down along the cliffs, the contingent saw an ancient flight of spiraling stone steps which was made using an unknown type of black rock. It appeared to be very crudely done, as if the steps were casually hewed using an unsharpened ax.

These stone steps, which followed along the cliffs of the abyss in a spiral, bore an uncanny resemblance to the road of death that led to Asura's battlefield in hell.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

