Chapter 73:


Chapter 73 – Not Allowed to Leave

This was a slaughter that was difficult to stop.

Unless there was a side that completely collapsed.

The [Inexorable spear] constantly sliced through the air, the demonic wolves also howled in unceasing rage.

Blood spurted everywhere.

Bones shattered.

The huge black wolves constantly died. Strands upon strands of yuan qi would fly out from their corpses, assimilating with Ye Qingyu’s body.

This was the reward of the battlefield.

[Boundary Canyon Battlefield] was a world that was constructed using the formation martial path. No matter whether it was rune soldiers, rune demon soldiers or rune monsters, they were all constructed using runes and formations. They were not living beings that were made from flesh and blood, but rather formed from consolidated energy.

This type of formation was incomparably profound, far exceeding the imagination of a martial artist like Ye Qingyu. After the demonic wolves were killed, there would be blood spilt, as if everything was real.

But in the end, the corpses would transform into formation yuan qi. A part of this would return to the battlefield itself and a part that would enter into the killer’s body.

The formation martial path created by the Formation Emperor Luoso, was like a technique created by the gods. As if it had the power of creation itself.

Every time he killed a demonic wolf, Ye Qingyu could sense that his expended inner yuan was being replenished. It constantly grew during this battle.

This was one of the reasons why he continued to endure in such a desperate battle.

However, in the end, injuries could not be prevented on Ye Qingyu’s body.

There was a blade of wind that passed by the defense of the spear, slashing at Ye Qingyu. It sliced apart his clothing, and on his sturdy muscles, left a line of blood.

Not even an hour had passed when every inch of his clothing was in tatters. The exposed muscles were as if it were sliced apart by a sharp little knife after his flesh was being carved apart, blood dripping down.

The two-headed demonic wolves and three-headed demonic wolves also began to appear.

In the different heads of these wolves, different sprays would be spat out. There was toxic gas, burning flames, icy cold, different killing techniques. Even for someone of the Spirit spring stage, this was enough to threaten their life. On one hand, Ye Qingyu needed to avoid the close range attacks of the normal demonic wolves and on the other hand he had to be careful of the long range attacks of the demonic wolves on the outer edges.

Such a battle, continued on for four hours in total.

Finally, all the demonic wolves in the [Demonic Wolf Valley] were completely slaughtered.

Ye Qingyu was bathed in blood, as if he had been executed through a thousand cuts. His entire upper body, apart from his head, there was not a piece of flesh that was intact. Blood covered both his upper and lower body and it was unknown whether this blood belonged to the demonic wolves or he himself…

“His mother, the booklet did not say that to challenge this pack of demonic wolves would be so difficult. I was nearly torn apart by this pack of wolves…” Demon King Ye said, trepidation still remaining after that traumatic battle.

He leaned against the [Inexorable spear] with one hand. Only through doing this could he stand stably. His other hand felt his own face, then let out a breath of relief. “Fortunately, I desperately covered my face, otherwise such a handsome appearance would not be preserved…”

From the moment he had stepped into the [Demonic Wolf Valley], exactly four hours had gone by.

Ye Qingyu could be said to have won only by a shred.

Thankfully, his cultivation technique for his inner yuan was the nameless breathing technique. Sustained and prolonged, his specialty was endurance. Especially after his fleshly body had experienced the numerous beatings of that old thing, the toughness of his body far exceeded martial artists of the same stage. Even so, he could barely withstand such injuries.

Otherwise, if someone of the same stage as him had experience such an attack, they would most likely expend all their inner yuan. They would consume their entire strength and would be dragged to their death in this valley.

Deeply breathing in, Ye Qingyu sat cross legged amongst the corpses of the wolves, beginning to cultivate and recover his yuan qi.

As the nameless breathing technique activated, the yuan qi from Heaven and Earth in this valley came rushing down towards this teenager covered in blood.

Within the dantian world, the yuan qi water within the first Spirit spring had already been expended by about ninety percent. The second Spirit spring was not yet fully completed, but the yuan qi waters within were also nearly completely consumed.

“Within this battlefield, the recovery rate of yuan qi is at least six times quicker than the outside world…” Ye Qingyu quickly discovered the discrepancy.

This also represented that training with the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] was much faster than in the outside world – this was also one of the many reasons people competed to enter this competition.

Within the [Demonic Wolf Valley], a yuan qi vortex was formed.

Above in the sky, clouds formed from yuan qi began to sink down, as if they were forming a funnel. It completely enveloped the entire [Demonic Wolf Valley]. And in the center of these floating yuan qi clouds was namely Ye Qingyu, his figure as small as an ant.

This scene was hard to believe.

The funnel that was several thousands of meters long made from floating yuan qi clouds abruptly rotated. Finally, as if a large whale was swallowing water, everything was completely absorbed into Ye Qingyu’s body. The yuan qi from Heaven and Earth constantly gathered from all directions, then entering into this tiny silhouette…

It was hard to imagine that a body that seemed so tiny, could contain such a large quantity of yuan qi.

And if such a scene was seen by other people, they would be stunned at the rate of absorption of Ye Qingyu in taking in yuan qi.

……

[Ascending Heaven Pavilion].

“He’s completely cleared out the [Demonic Wolf Valley]!”

“But will this affect the grand competition in some way?”

“His courage is admirable, but to waste his time within the desolate wild areas is really something stupid!”

Students secretly discussed with low voices.

On the formation projection above, occasionally images would appear showing Ye Qingyu’s actions within the battlefield. Fighting against the pack of demonic wolves had shocked many student representatives. Ye Qingyu’s valiant figure had made many of them secretly apprehensive, but it was only limited to this.

Even until now, they could not see what the impact of Ye Qingyu’s actions would be on deciding the final victor of this grand competition.

And when they saw Ye Qingyu absorbing yuan qi from Heaven and Earth at an astonishing rate, they were dumbfounded. They could not help but feel jealous.

“What’s happening? Could it be that training within the wild areas has some special amplifications?”

“Such a rate of absorbing yuan qi, is too fast!”

“This type of speed… could he have entered into the state of demonic fire?”

Han Xiaofei and Jiang Xiaohan looked at each other, each able to discern the other’s shock and surprise.

They were fourth year students and this was not their first time entering the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. Their understanding of the battlefield was much greater compared to those of the first and second year students. But even they could not be sure that training in the wild areas would have such an amplification effect on the rate of training.

Because previously, in their five opportunities in entering the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], they had not even attempted to enter the wilderness once.

In many of the lessons of White Deer Academy, the recommendation given by the teachers was ‘distance yourself from the wild areas.’ Because the benefits from an area with unknown dangers could not be compared to the benefits gained in the three main canyon roads.

The old teacher who had previously scolded Ye Qingyu for deviating from the trodden path, his face was slightly red.

They currently could not confirm what effect the wilderness had.

The tradition of White Deer Academy, had always been to avoid the wilderness.

Occasionally, there would be students who did not listen, and after tentatively entering the wilderness, they would die experiencing the dangers hidden within. They did not even have a chance to do battle with the opponents, before dying in the hands of the demonic beasts and the dangerous terrains, indirectly confirming the words of the teachers.

But right now…

Even though the faces of the elders were still calm and peaceful, their hearts trembled slightly. Could it be that the wilderness area contained some secrets within?

And at this time, the formation projection suddenly changed, switching the perspective to another place.

Carnage, burned like fire.

Some students with slightly lower strength, before they could discern anything, a fierce battle had already ended in the North East canyon path.

In the projection, the conservative killing of demon rune soldiers by Xia Houwu was shown. However, at this time, his corpse was already lying within a pool of blood, dying through one strike alone. His spirit transformed into a streak of light, flying towards the direction of the headquarters…

Xia Houwu had died in battle!

The person who killed him was a youth around the ages of eleven or twelve, wearing the robe of Azure Phoenix Academy. He had a handsome appearance, a red mole between his eyebrows and a long sword held in his hands with an electric light lingering on the sword blade.

Death in one strike.

This red-moled youth had scorn on his face, his attitude extremely leisurely, as if he had just done something insignificant. He casually stomped on the corpse of Xia Houwu, wiping the blood stains on his sword with the corpse. Shaking his head, the long sword swung out. The light of the blade was like a sky filled with floating snow, tens of rune soldiers turning into ashes immediately. Stream after stream of yuan qi energy entered into his body…

This youth, had never appeared before.

But once he appeared, in a split second, he had slaughtered Xia Houwu.

The difference, was really too large.

The people within [Ascending Heaven Pavilion] seeing this, was shocked speechless.

Disgracing the corpse of Xia Houwu, was obviously an act of provocation. The reason that everyone was silent was not because they did not feel anger or fury, but it was because in the previous three rounds, such a humiliating action had already occurred too many times.

The teachers of White Deer Academy had dark expressions, everyone filled with the look of defeat.

The students that they had bitterly nurtured, in their eyes were geniuses with bright futures, were the pillars that would cause the White Deer Academy to flourish once again. They had placed great expectations upon them, but who would have guessed that in front of the Azure Phoenix students, they were like children learning to walk, without any shred of power to resist.

Such a defeat, how could it not make someone grieve.

Within the crowd, only the old Dean and the head teacher of the first years, Wang Yan had a blank face throughout this, without joy or sorrow. They fully concentrated their attention on the formation projection, without displaying any hint of their thoughts.

“Ai, a crushing defeat, such a grand competition… is not worth watching!” An old teacher sighed, slumping and turning to leave.

There were also several teachers that had disappointment on their faces, about to leave.

“Students that you have taught by your own hands, representatives that you have chosen yourself, even if they are stomped into the mud, you must finish watching their competition.” The gaze of the old Dean stared fixatedly at the projection, his tone determined and resolute. “You are not allowed to leave.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 74:


Chapter 74 – Sentry Guard

The leaving figures of the teachers stopped.

Numerous gazes focused upon the projection formation once again.

The red-moled youth’s figure floated through the air, as if he were an immortal. He flashed throughout the battlefield where hundreds of rune soldiers and demon rune soldiers were fighting. Every time his sword stabbed out, he would definitely kill a rune soldier.

Ever since he appeared, every rune soldier that died was killed by his sword and not by demon rune soldiers.

This represented, that every strand of yuan qi from each rune soldier was perfectly absorbed by the red-moled youth. Nothing was wasted.

During Xia Houwu’s performance, the most he could do was to kill three out of every five deaths of a demon rune soldiers. Compared to this teenager, it was like the difference between the clouds and the mud.

“Within [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], you must do your utmost to kill as many demon rune soldiers as possible, in order to maximize the yuan qi reward. The best method to do this is when each demon rune soldier is about to die, to perform the last hit using your sword. This is not only the easiest method to turn the tides of battle but the final judgement will also award the kill to you. You will obtain the yuan qi energy contained within these rune soldiers… such a technique, is called the supplement strike” the old Dean suddenly spoke.

His voice resounded through the ears of every White Deer student present.

“Such a technique, I believe your teachers have already spoken to you before. Apart from the first year students who have not yet interacted deeply with the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], the other representatives have already received specialized training. It’s a pity that this grand competition clearly shows the basics of your supplement strike, compared to the students of the Azure Phoenix, is by far lacking. You should carefully observe, the red-moled teenager is only a first year student of Azure Phoenix Academy, but his supplement blade technique is exceedingly brilliant. In terms of him seizing the opportunities in battle, he is near the summit. Out of all you, there is only Bai Yuqing and Han Shuangfu the two strongest of the fourth years, who are able to achieve this.”

The students of White Deer Academy lowered their heads in shame.

Within the battlefield, in every wave of assault, hundreds of demon rune soldiers and rune soldiers would do battle. The situation changed drastically every second, and in such a situation, to have a hundred percent success rate in performing the supplement strike was too difficult.

But they could not deny that the red-moled youth in the projection, only possessing the strength of a first year, yet he was able to perfectly achieve this.

“The reason I am saying this is not to make you ashamed or to humiliate you. I only want to remind you to discard your muddled thoughts and observe in detail. Don’t let the rage and hatred blind you, you must learn from the opponents and improve.” The old Dean finally turned his head to regard the geniuses of White Deer Academy. He suddenly smiled, with a gentle demeanour. “Therefore, don’t lower your heads. You must look carefully.”

After a moment of hesitation, the teenagers all lifted their heads, concentrating their attention on the projection above them.

Some people still fumed with rage between gritted teeth.

Some people’s vision gradually began to clear.

They all had a different power of comprehension, different temperaments and different aptitudes. With regards to the words of the old Dean, their understanding was also naturally different, and what they gained from these words were also different.

Jiang Xiaohan observed for a moment, then suddenly opened her mouth, “If Ye Qingyu did not selfishly enter the wilderness area, and instead went to one of the Northern paths, teaming up with Xia Houwu, perhaps they could suppress the red-moled teenager. Even if they are not able to kill him, at least they can stabilize the situation…”

Some people subconsciously nodded their heads.

An elder who had previously scolded Ye Qingyu, hearing this nodded his head. “From the battle of the [Demonic Wolf Valley], we can see that the battle strength of Ye Qingyu is remarkable. It is only a pity that he has gone down the wrong path…” …… ……

[Demonic Wolf Valley].

Ye Qingyu woke up from his trance.

Within the dantian world, the second Spirit spring was bubbling and boiling with vitality. Clear spring waters jetted into the sky like a pillar of water, completely drenching the desert thousands of meters around it, bringing with it liveliness and energy!

The second Spirit spring had been completely formed.

“I’ve finally entered into the second Spirit spring stage. I can fight in this battle now!”

Ye Qingyu stood up, the previous wounds and injuries on his body had completely disappeared. Under the nourishment of the inner yuan, not a single scar remained. He threw away the tattered clothing on his body, changed into a tight fitting black garment, and tied his thick black hair behind his head.

The corpses of the wolf pack had already completely disappeared.

The demonic wolves here were in the end, life forms born from formations. A period of time after dying, they would dissolve in Heaven and Earth. After several months of time, under the special laws of the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], they would appear again.

Perceiving the inner yuan raging and boiling with his body, Ye Qingyu’s mind was filled with a bottomless heroic spirit.

The domineering behaviour of Azure Phoenix had incited every White Deer Academy student. To say that Ye Qingyu did not care about this was false. In the end, what he also wore was the uniform of the White Deer Academy, and on his chest was the badge of the White Deer Academy. Of course Ye Qingyu wanted to reverse the situation, even if just by winning one round.

But the strength of the Azure Phoenix students was really extremely powerful.

Ye Qingyu would not be able to completely dominate the other five people on his own. He must cooperate with his companions, but the representatives of the first years included Qin Wushuang and Xia Houwu. From the start he had given up on them – they would never cooperate with Ye Qingyu.

Therefore, Ye Qingyu must first raise his own strength in order to win.

Right now, after fully completing the second Spirit spring, he finally had confidence.

“By my calculations, eight hours should have already passed. On the three different paths, I estimate that the armies are about to come face to face.” Ye Qingyu estimated in his heart. Based on the location he was in right now, reinforcing the Song sisters* in the Northern path was the most logical choice.

He stood up, about to take action.

But at this time, an abnormality appeared.

In his sea of consciousness, the ancient bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart], that had always been silent, suddenly vibrated. A strange stream of energy gushed out, crazily absorbing the inner yuan in Ye Qingyu’s body for the second time. The huge suction made Ye Qingyu unable to control the flow of his inner yuan.

“Crap, it’s happening again…”

Ye Qingyu rolled his eyes.

Thankfully, a similar thing had already happened once. Ye Qingyu knew what it was doing, so he did not struggle anymore, allowing the bronze book to freely consume his inner yuan.

Time passed by minute by minute.

In the blink of an eye, fifteen minutes had passed. The two Spirit springs within Ye Qingyu’s dantian world had dried up completely, and within his sea of consciousness, the bronze book became incomparably resplendent, blossoming with a glorious radiance.

After an abrupt quivering, pure inner yuan gushed out from the ancient bronze book. It scattered throughout Ye Qingyu’s four limbs and his hundreds of bones, nourishing his joints, meridians and acupuncture points. Like rivers leading to the sea, it returned to his dantian world, once again becoming waters in the two Spirit springs.

The [Little Shang sword] nourishing in Ye Qingyu’s first spirit spring received an even purer inner yuan for it to be enveloped in. The sword produced wave after wave of sounds, as if it had gained intelligence, luminous and dazzling!

“So it was really the same as the first time.”

Ye Qingyu let out a breath of relief.

He suddenly realized, after the ancient bronze book had absorbed his inner yuan for the first time, the contents within this book had transformed greatly and he was able to see the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King]. And this time, would new battle techniques also appear?

Mindful of this, Ye Qingyu could not wait anymore.

He feared that the spectators of the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion] would be able to discover the secret of the ancient bronze book. This time he did not summoned the ancient bronze book in reality, but directly entered into his sea of consciousness, and using his consciousness to peruse the ancient book.

…… ……

“Eh? What’s happened? Why can we suddenly not see Ye Qingyu anymore?”

Within the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion], some people shouted in surprise.

On the projection formation above their heads, when the image had switched to Ye Qingyu’s position, suddenly everything was inky black. Nothing could be seen.

“It’s been obscured by a fog formation!”

“Why would such a thing happen?”

“Could Ye Qingyu have died?”

“It can’t be, even if he died we would be able to see his corpse…”

“Such a situation has never occurred before.”

Even the teachers and supervisors began talking all at once. In the realm created by the Formation Emperor, [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], there had never been an error that had occurred before. The formation projection, above their heads was also a part of the battlefield and it had never been unable to observe someone on their side… this was slightly abnormal.

The old Dean and Wang Yan looked at each other, their expressions becoming serious.

……

A short while later.

Ye Qingyu had finished reading the bronze ancient book.

“It’s a pity, in the [Titled Fiendgods] section, nothing new has appeared that could be read, there is only still the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King]…”

“The section [Titled Divine Weapons] is still completely pale, with no way to investigate…”

“It seems like the [Titled Strange Objects] section will not have any changes either… Eh? That’s not right, this section has some new information that has appeared, there’s something that is shining with light… But, this thing called [Sentry Guard], what uses does it have? “

The [Fiendgod Titled Chart] was split into three major sections. When Ye Qingyu looked at the third section, [Titled Strange Objects], his eyes brightened. On the first page of this section, he could see a small part that was currently radiating with a pale light.

This light could be read.

Ye Qingyu carefully examined the object radiating light. What glowed seemed to be something akin to a bamboo rod, from the proportion of it, the actual object should be something that was half a meter long. On the topmost part of this pole, there was a gem that was black on the inside but white on the outside, as if it was something like an eyeball.

The name of this object was called [Sentry Guard].

What use did it have?

Ye Qingyu’s will activated, his consciousness interacting with the contents of this section. Information appeared in his mind.

Instantly, he understood the uses of the [Sentry Guard].

“Hahaha, this really is when I want to sleep, someone will hand me a pillow. This is too amazing, I can completely dominate the Azure Phoenix Academy now!” ……

On the Northern path.

Song Xiaojun and Song Qingluo were in the midst of battle.

This pair of sisters had already entered the Spirit spring stage, and in each of their dantian world, excavated one Spirit spring. The cultivation technique Song Xiaojun trained in was the flame mantra, able to control the power of flames. As for Song Qingluo, she trained in the green wood mantra, able to control wooden attribute inner yuan.

Hundreds of rune soldiers and an equal number of demon rune soldiers slaughtered each other fiercely on the battlefield. The sounds of their battle cries shuddered the Heavens, the bloody smell permeating throughout the entire canyon, the flow of blood like rivers…

*They are actually cousins, but in Chinese they can be called Song sisters

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 75:


Chapter 75 – Double Kill (1)

“Something doesn’t feel right.” Song Qingluo carefully evaluated her surroundings.

The two sides of the canyon, were rolling hills and forests. As if it were a jade-like ocean of canopy, it undulated with the wind. The forest was dark and damp, and there would occasionally be the roar of ancient beasts that would reverberate from the forest, as if it was the growls of the spirits that had died in battle.

There was a murderous aura that indistinctly emitted from the closest underbrush.

The sea of grass was enough to submerge a grown person. The shadows of this forest could hide anything and could also submerge everything.

Song Qingluo could clearly sense danger approaching.

“Run!” she shouted at the little loli.

But—

“Wanting to leave now… is a little too late.”

A voice came from behind them.

Under the sunlight, a teenager with snowy white short hair appeared, the hair as if they were needles of cold steel that flickered on his head. Without knowing when he appeared, he walked out from the forest from the direction of the headquarters of White Deer Academy, cutting off their path of retreat.

“Ai, this is really boring and senseless,” another voice sounded.

This time it was a youth with fire red long hair. He yawned, with an extremely bored expression, both hands behind his head, walking from the other side. There was a smile of disdain on his face. “We originally wanted to finish you within ten breaths of time, but seeing that you were girls, me and Lin Nuo decided to sleep under the protector statue for a while. We’ve already given you eight hours of time to kill the soldiers… It’s fine, no need to thank us for our mercy. Now obediently die!”

A strong yuan qi turbulence gradually emitted from the bodies of these teenagers.

One front, one back, they completely surround them.

An unwilling nervousness appeared on the Song sisters.

The strength of the Azure Phoenix Academy had already been fully exhibited during the previous three rounds. It had caused a psychological shadow to be born on the hearts of these girls.

“Hoho, two pitiful people. You must remember the people who killed you. We are Lin Nuo and Zheng Kai of Azure Phoenix Academy.” The palm of the short white-haired teenager, Lin Nuo, slowly extended outwards and a deep green fist blade could be seen extending from his hand. There was a faint odour of fragrance emitting from it.

Spirit weapon.

The moment he acted, he took out his Spirit weapon.

The next instant, his silhouette quivered for a second, then disappeared. As if he was a beam of light, he rushed at Song Qingluo, leaving a flickering image in the air.

“When you resurrect, you can come here again. Don’t worry, I am very easy to deal with. If I’m killing a woman, I will kill you quickly and painlessly.” The person with fire red long hair, Zheng Kai, both his hands gently pulled at the air. An orange light flashed and an enormous staff that was surrounded with mysterious runes and formation appeared in his hand.

It was also a Spirit weapon.

As the long staff was swung, the air was split apart like that of waves.

“Quickly retreat, under the protector statue!” Song Qingluo cried loudly.

The strength displayed by the two Azure Phoenix students was not something that they could directly withstand. They could only temporarily retreat. The location they were currently in was around a thousand meters from the outermost line of defense of White Deer Academy. As long as they retreated under the protector statue and borrowed the fearsome offensive power of this protector statue, they would be able to temporarily delay for a while.

A pale green sapling appeared in the center of Song Qingluo’s palm. In the blink of an eye, this sapling grew and spread, becoming a shield of vine and grass protecting her. This was her life Spirit weapon [Qingluo*]. It contained the spirit of plants, and was the most precious asset of the Qingluo Merchant Company.

Song Xiaojun also knew they were in a desperate situation. With a clear shout, her entire body was enveloped in a scarlet flame, as if there was a forcefield covering her. At the same time, her dainty hands pushed outwards, and two fireballs shot out, aiming at the two opponents. While doing all this, she quickly retreated.

“Hahaha…”

The cold and sharp laughter came with the wind.

They followed relentlessly.

Their figures flashed.

Song Qingluo could only feel an icy aura approaching, and after that, she could sense the vines that were in front of her and formed from her yuan qi, be sliced into pieces. She felt a chill on her thigh, a spurt of blood flying out and a wound that was deep enough to be able to see bone appeared on her leg. Instantly, she could not keep her balance anymore, falling to the ground…

Song Qingluo’s pupil shrunk.

“Qingluo·Green spirit strangle!”

The second that she fell, along with her cry, within the air there were countless vines that were like green pythons that appeared without any signs. With a decisive force, the vines advanced towards the lightning quick figure, twisting all around him. Abruptly, a fierce force was applied and accompanied with a boom, the silhouette was crushed into pieces.

Success?

Song Qingluo was overjoyed.

She had long made a decision that she would pretend to make a blunder. But in reality, what she wanted to do, even if at the risk of an injury, was to capture the high speed figure of the opponent and use the Spirit weapon [Qingluo] to defeat the enemy.

Song Qingluo had studied in White Deer Academy for long, and had experienced numerous spars and practical battle training. She had a rich fighting experience, so of course she would not lose her composure in witnessing the opponent for the first time. She had her own fighting wisdom that only belonged to her.

But—

“Haha… a crafty little girl. A pity, you were a tiny bit lacking.” Accompanied by a cold and merciless laughter, the figure of Lin Nuo appeared ten meters away, with a contemptuous sneer. “Such a pitiful scheme, do you really think it can fool me?”

What was torn into pieces, was only his mirage that he had left behind through high speed moment.

The speed of Lin Nuo was really too great.

Song Qingluo’s heart instantly sunk.

On the other side, the battle had already been decided.

Accompanied by a dull sound, the earth shook. A crack on the earth slowly spread, the protective fire shield around Song Xiaojun had been scattered. A terrifying force transferred through the ground, and she was shaken till blood filled her mouth. She fell beside Song Qingluo, without a Spirit weapon in her hands…

“Not even able to withstand a single blow!”

Zheng Kai walked towards them dragging his enormous spear.

Within the first years of the Azure Phoenix Academy, strength was his specialty. Born with herculean strength, the gigantic staff in his hand weighed over four thousand pounds. For a normal person, even lifting this staff would be very difficult, not to mention wielding it in battle.

“This is really pointless, can the caliber of White Deer Academy really be such? Too disappointing…” Lin Nuo shook his head and smiled contemptuously. “I really don’t know why the teachers of White Deer Academy would agree to such a competition. They are really seeking their own humiliation.”

“Fine, kill these two girls and quickly end this battle. Don’t forget, we have wagered with Du Sha, Xu Ge and Ding Liyou on who would be able to enter the headquarters of White Deer Academy first…” Zheng Kai with a careless attitude lightly whistled.

“Hoho…” Lin Nuo smiled frivolously, a cold light appearing on the blade at the back of his palm. He bent his body, reaching out with his hand and delicately touching the exquisite and delicate face of Song Qingluo. As if wanting to experience the silky feel of her skin, he clicked his tongue. “Do I really have to ravage flowers with my own hands? Such a beautiful little girl, to be killed so easily is really a waste of a precious resource…” ……

“Ai…”

Within [Ascending Heaven Pavilion], there were elders that let out long sighs.

Today was really a humiliating day

Xia Houwu was slaughtered in an instant and his corpse was trodden and used to clean the bloodstains off the sword. The Song sisters, without any ability to resist, was flippantly mocked and harassed… They had never thought that White Deer Academy would be crushed so decisively. The five consecutive kills of Blue Sky could not represent everything because Blue Sky’s situation was special. The talent that White Deer Academy had truly nourished and chosen with their own hands could really not even withstand a single strike. It really made one’s heart turn cold.

“The first defensive line of the Northern path is about to be lost…”

Looking at the happenings on the formation projection, even an idiot would understand that the strength of Lin Nuo and Zheng Kai was too great, and was not something the Song sisters would be able to defend against. At this time, they could only stand and watch everything that happened on the projection silently, watch as the Song sisters died in battle…

“Where’s Ye Qingyu? If he were here…” Jiang Xiaohan abruptly opened her mouth again.

After losing track of him in the [Demonic Wolf Valley], the formation projection had never displayed Ye Qingyu’s figure again. This was very abnormal.

“That’s right, if Ye Qingyu had not stubbornly chosen the wild area…” Han Xiaofei said, seemingly thoughtfully. “If he cooperated with Song Qingluo and Song Xiaojun, they could at least defend one path…”

Many people, hearing such words, also felt the same way.

And at this instant, many people suddenly realized, if not for Ye Qingyu’s nonsensical actions, then perhaps White Deer Academy would still have a chance? Such a tragic loss, at least a sacrificial lamb needed to be found? Or in other words, this situation needed someone to bear responsibility for this incident, no matter whether they were guilty or innocent.

Before his sentence had finished.

Xiu!

A sound of a weapon breaking through the air resounded throughout the formation projection above them.

……

Xiu!

A black spear one meter and seventy centimeters long descended from the sky.

Without any signs.

Without any fluctuations.

Therefore, there was no way to evade or block such an attack.

The long black spear, looking like a streak of black light, descended from the Heavens. As if it was a punishment from a furious killing deity, before anyone could notice or react to the spear, it descended upon the earth.

The long spear was bitingly cold.

The spear pinned between Song Qingluo and Luo Nin. As if it was an insurmountable peak, it split the two people apart.

A faint smell of blood dispersed.

Lin Nuo dumbly turned his head to look at the blood that was like a fountain, spurting out from his left shoulder. And his entire left arm had been broken apart, it fell soundlessly towards the ground, his fingers still twitching slightly…

This was the hand that he had reached towards Song Qingluo with.

The long spear that had descended from the sky, in an instant, had chopped his limb off. The speed was too quick, making him unable to react at all. Till this very moment, Lin Nuo could not even feel a shred of pain, making him unable to believe that this was real.

“What’s happening?”

Zheng Kai was dumbfounded, then immediately frightened.

But his innate battle ability that was grown from a long period of time made him step closer to Lin Nuo.

First, he must protect his comrade.

It was… five hundred meters around them, there were no sign or traces of any other humans. This spear that had descended from the skies, where had it come from?

And at the very instant he neared Lin Nuo, he could immediately sense something. His pupils dilated, and the feeling of danger, like a flood, completely enveloped him. By the time he had barely managed to lift his head, in his vision, there was a cold star.

As if in the apprehensive pitch black night, a little star was flickering.

Behind the star, was the silhouette of a person.

Fast!

A figure that was even faster than Lin Nuo.

A tide of air that was visible with the human eye was split apart. A black human figure, quick as lightning and holding a spear in his hands, crushed everything in his path that was blocking him. With the momentum of thunder, the figure rushed towards Zheng Kai.

“Scram!”

Zheng Kai, while one hand was supporting Lin Nuo, his other hand lifted the enormous staff, using all his power to strike out.

Boom!

A deafening metallic clash came.

Zheng Kai could only feel the skin between his forefinger and thumb burn like lava, the bones in his fingers breaking apart. The gigantic staff that normally was like a part of his own body, he could not control anymore. It flew several hundred meters from his grasp…

*Also translates to Green radish

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 76:


Chapter 76 – Double Kill (2)

“Who is it?”

“Extremely powerful!”

Zheng Kai and Lin Nuo both loudly exclaimed at the same time.

A figure like that of a ferocious dragon bringing with it the momentum of thunder, had already rammed into them. It brought with it the force and might like that of an ancient mountain, abundant and irresistible, ruthlessly striking against the bodies of the two Azure Phoenix students. It caused them to be sent sailing through the air…

Ka-cha!Ka-cha!

This was the sounds of bones breaking.

Lin Nuo was in midair. He felt a strange energy influencing him, with his inner yuan unable to be activated. The lightning speed that he was so proud of, in the face of such a brutal impact, could not be displayed at all. He watched with wide open eyes, helpless, as he was struck. His chest caved in visibly, white bone piercing through his chest from inside his body…

Zhang Kai was in an even worse state.

The hand that he used to hold his staff was torn apart in the instant the enormous staff collided with the black spear. The residual impact tore apart his skin and his flesh was lacerated completely. His entire arm was covered in blood, his muscles broken down into fragments with white bone visible beneath the skin. Large mouthfuls of blood gushed out from him, his mind going completely blank.

The pain from his body did not count for anything.

The thing that made Zhang Kai lose his ability to think was that in this world, there was someone who, purely through physical strength, was able to completely suppress and dominate himself? And such a person came from the first year of White Deer Academy?

In the time of a spark, the victor of this battle had already been decided.

The two Azure Phoenix students that had been knocked in the air had utterly lost their ability to resist. The black silhouette that had attacked so rapidly rose in the sky like an arrogant dragon ruling over the air. The long black spear in his hand trembled, and the cold light of the spear fell like a torrential rain downwards.

Pok!Pok!Pok!Pok!

As the cold star flickered, blood flowers blossomed.

When the bodies of Lin Nuo and Zhang Kai had reached the ground, their bodies had already been pierced tens of times. They lost their lives, their souls transforming into light and heading towards the headquarters of the Azure Phoenix …

Double kill!

A double kill that descended upon them in an instant!

From the moment the long black spear had arrived like a bolt of lightning till the dust had settled, not even three breaths had passed.

Song Qingluo and Song Xiaojun did not even have time to react to what had happened.

Only until the battle was finished did the black figure descend to the ground.

One hand holding the long spear, his long black hair dancing as if it was a burning flame. The wind blew his robe like a steel blade whistling through the air. He slowly turned his body around, the sunlight shining upon his body making him slightly unreal. On his familiar face, a warm and gentle smile appeared…

“Brother Qingyu!”

Song Xiaojun exclaimed, jumping up and rushing towards this figure.

……

“Heavens!”

“Double Kill!”

“One against two!”

“How is this possible?”

“Terrifying!”

“This is… Ye Qingyu?”

Within the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion], exclamations and clamour filled the plaza. Various phrases that were used to express their shock, at this time, like a deep fat fryer, exploded out from the mouths of different people. Even the experienced and knowledgeable elders, at this moment, could not help but to forget themselves. As if below their bottoms was a fire, every single one of them jumped up in surprise.

Some representatives with slightly weaker strength had not even reacted to what had happened.

“What’s happening?”

“When did Ye Qingyu arrive?”

Some people stared at each other blankly. They had not yet digested what had occurred in the split second.

After different expressions of shock, what followed was a deathly silence.

Within the crowd, both Jiang Xiaohan and Han Xiaofei looked at each other. Each of them could see the expressions in the other’s eyes; surprise, shock… and a hint of fear.

…… ……

Ten breaths before this event had occurred.

In the center of White Deer Academy’s practice grounds.

In front of the ranking stone mirror.

When Song Qingluo and Song Xiaojun’s name began flickering quickly, the heads of many White Deer Academy students lowered. Nearly everyone had an expression of complete and utter despair. The same scene had already occurred many times, and every time, without the slightest hint of things turning around, was the arrival of humiliation…

Experiencing this many times, their hopes had already turned into despair, the White Deer Academy students already numb to such a scene. They could not wait for the arrival of dawn and the end of this competition.

The lug, Xiong Yan and his companions next to him, every one of them had tight frowns.

Until now, Ye Qingyu had not manage to obtain any kills.

And Du Sha of Azure Phoenix Academy had taken the lead and acquired a good beginning. In a flash, he had rapidly dispatched Xia Houwu at a speed so quick that on the stone mirror, the process of Xia Houwu’s name flickering in danger did not appear. What appeared instead were the numbers of death and killing…

It seems like they were really going to lose this wager.

“How is it? Trash that doesn’t know how high the heavens are or how deep the earth is, do you have anything more to say now?” The female student with almond eyes giggled triumphantly. “It’s time to wake up from your daydreams!”

The Azure Phoenix students next to her all began to laughing together loudly.

“You… Hmph, this round still has not ended yet. Senior Brother Qingyu still has a chance… Don’t get happy too quickly,” Xiong Yan said, biting his teeth. The big lump was praying in his heart that Senior Brother Qingyu must live up to expectations.

“Not giving up until you see the yellow river, not shedding tears until you see the coffin.” The almond-eyed female student crossed her arms across her chest. She coldly sneered. “A group of trash, the dreams of an imbecile. Apart from your hard mouth, what else do you have?”

On the side, another Azure Phoenix student pointed to the gob of phlegm on the ground playfully. “Haha, quickly admit your loss and eat this phlegm. At least then you’ll gain our approval, and have the right to be called a man. Don’t make us look down upon you.”

“Haha, the garbage of White Deer has always been unable to accept defeat…” The other students of Azure Phoenix Academy burst into heavy laughter.

Within the laughter, there was a sense of superiority and pride.

Even if the target they were ridiculing were the hundreds upon thousands of White Deer students completely surrounding them, even if they were currently within White Deer Academy’s territory. Everyone only needed to swarm them and they could crush these Azure Phoenix students into smithereens…

But so what?

They were not afraid in the slightest.

In the martial world, only the strong were respected. Only after obtaining honour and glory could you stand up and speak. The arrogance and status of the Azure Phoenix students was simply not something the crowd of garbage could be compared to.

They had a natural superiority, so they did not worry at all.

This type of superiority was only obtained after hard work and struggles, through battle after battle by the Azure Phoenix students. Only through experiencing ordeals of fire and blood and being tempered could they acquire this ingrained superiority. This was the source for their superiority and arrogance.

They were a flock of white swans flying high up in the air and in their eyes, the White Deer students were no different to dirty loaches rolling in the mud. A loach wanted to defeat a swan?

If this was not a day dream, then what was?

Therefore, the laughter of the Azure Phoenix students was so unbridled, so conceited.

And at the time when they were laughing, someone abruptly realized the smile on the almond-eyed female student had consolidated. Her large and beautiful eyes suddenly widened rapidly, and within the pupils was a shock that was hard to describe using words…

They discovered that the White Deer students originally grinding their teeth in fury, at this time were all looking towards the ranking stone mirror. In the gazes were shock, astonishment, wild joy and disbelief…

No one paid any more attention to the Azure Phoenix students making things difficult.

A bad premonition appeared in the hearts of the Azure Phoenix students.

They turned their heads, looking at the ranking stone mirror.

On the mirror, the rapidly flashing names of Song Xiaojun and Song Qingluo had regained their original light. The incomparably bright names of Zheng Kai and Lin Nuo, before it could even flicker, were already extinguished. And at the same time, fifth on the list of White Deer Academy’s side, after Ye Qingyu’s name, a dazzling numberappeared next to the kill score—

Kills: 2.

As if lightning had struck.

The entire White Deer Academy was quiet.

Even the entire Deer City was quiet.

The silence was like the dark red sunset before the onslaught of a tempest.

Then, immediately, in who knows what corner, someone shouted hoarsely through their throat.

Cheers like the swelling of the spring tides suddenly erupted from all directions of the White Deer Academy. In every plaza, surges of screams and shouts that could not be stopped radiated outwards to all directions. In such a tsunami of screams and yells, the almond-eyed female student and her senior and junior brothers, were like frightened little ducks in a rainstorm, shivering with cold…

“How is this possible?”

The almond-eyed female student nearly lost her ability to stand, directly falling to the ground.

…… ……

[Boundary Canyon Battlefield].

Song Qingluo and Song Xiaojun were sitting in a meditative stance on the ground, activating their inner yuan, racing against time to recover.

Ye Qingyu stood by one side protecting them.

Half an hour later, the injuries of these two girls had finally stabilized, with the ability to fight again.

From the interdimensional pouch, Ye Qingyu took out some Spirit medicines emitting a rich herbal fragrance. “This is the herbs that I’ve gathered in the wilderness before rushing here, when placed on external wounds, it will allow you to heal quicker!”

The [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] had its own laws. The yuan qi of Heaven and Earth was much more concentrated than the outside world, causing the number of Spirit herbs to be much larger than the outside world. They were much older and hence possessed a more potent medicinal effect. Especially in the desolate wilderness, very little people normally entered, so under the accumulation of time, the number of Spirit herbs and rare medicines were significantly high in number.

Ever since departing from the [Demonic Wolf Valley], on the way back Ye Qingyu had gathered quite a large quantity of Spirit herbs. This could be counted as a decent reward even by its own merits.

“Brother Qingyu, you really are a warrior that fell down from the heavens. Hehe, does this mean you will remain behind and help us?” Song Xiaojun grabbed onto Ye Qingyu’s arm, rubbing her little face against his limb, a joyful expression evident.

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

“Eh? Brother Qingyu, you still have somewhere to go?” the little loli said in a panicked tone.

“That’s right, if you stay behind and cooperate with us, we can definitely destroy the first line of defense of Azure Phoenix Academy…” Song Qingluo also opened her mouth. Seeing the battle strength Ye Qingyu just displayed, she was also completely astonished. She could see a faint hope.

“We have already lost three rounds. This round, we must obtain victory.” Ye Qingyu looked at the demon rune soldiers and rune soldiers fighting in close quarters far off in the distance, and gazing further, he saw statues upon statues of demon protector statues. “Not only do we need to win, we need to win beautifully.”

The little loli Song Xiaojun’s eyes brightened: “Brother Qingyu, you must have a plan already?”

She had completely blind trust and confidence in Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

“You only needed to protect yourself well. The other things, just leave it for me to handle.” Ye Qingyu pointed at the demon rune soldiers and the rune soldiers that were fighting and said, “The class of [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] we are in right now, both the rune soldiers and demon rune soldiers are without intelligence. They only have a basic battle instinct, so what you need to do currently is control the line of soldiers…”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

