Chapter 333:


"It seems like you really don't understand me." Ye Qingyu looked towards Zhou Guhan, shaking his head faintly.

Zhou Guhan's heart shivered for some unknown reason.

There was suddenly a feeling of misfortune that rose in his heart.

But he felt that he had done no wrong. Everyone's personality had its weak points deep within. And these weak points were often linked. Fame was a trap no one could escape from. Especially for Ye Qingyu, a person that was already famed as an expert. He would be tied down by his fame, just like this.

No one would really not care about the cursing of the people of the world.

Therefore he straightened his body, trying to make it seem that he was as upright and as righteous as possible. In a loud voice, "I understand Marquis Ye. You have a heart that cares about the whole world, you are modest and open-minded, and you are a great hero that acts for the greater good of the Human Race. If you think I've understood wrongly, then I Zhou Guhan really have no words to say..."

Ye Qingyu shook his head. "I feel that you are wrong. I'm not any sort of great hero. Being a hero is so tiring. There are many people that refer to me as a butcher, as a crazed killing madman. You should find out for yourself what the Jianghu describes me, Ye Qingyu, as. If I am enraged, I kill. If I see something I don't like, I kill. If I see something unusual, I kill. I kill demons, I kill devils, I kill beasts, I also kill humans... En, that's right, it's these seven words - kill kill kill kill kill kill kill. You haven't been to Youyan Pass so you don't know that my title of the third class military Marquis was gained through killing."

Zhou Guhan was taken aback.

"Junior brother, in truth there's something I feel opposed to. It's that fact that you refer to the entire world in every word you speak. Haha, do you think that you can represent the people of the entire world with a pair of hands, a brain and two balls? There's something senior sister Bai Yuqing said rightly; the Right Minister cannot represent the nobles of the entire world. By the same logic, you cannot represent the people of this entire world. The Poor Society of Deer City, furthermore cannot represent the poor of the entire world. Junior brother Zhou, you may have overestimated yourself."

Ye Qingyu stated, word by word.

"But..." Zhou Guhan's body suddenly shivered.

"There is no but. Any action that uses the excuse of morality and righteousness to disguise the private goals of a person is despicable. Like today, you said I cannot enter the Residence of Heaven's Will. Alone, it does not signify anything, but you must accuse me of such a crime and create such a excuse. You would use such an insignificant matter to destroy something or perhaps some people, this is the method that a plotter would imagine. Junior brother Zhou, do you regard yourself as a plotter?"

Ye Qingyu conversely asked.

"Of course not, how would this be possible..." Zhou Guhan acted outraged as he argued back.

Ye Qingyu smiled. "Therefore, at sometimes, you have to have some self-confidence. Like you today, you regarded me entering into the Residence of Heaven's Will as surrendering to the noble faction. In truth, I feel that is an interpretation that is pitiful and lacks self-confidence. If the poor is really so independent and moral, why would it not even dare to enter a tiny little Residence of Heaven's Will, and fear it like a snake?"

"This is not the point of the matter. Marquis Ye doesn't think it means anything, but this does not mean the people of the entire world will treat it as nothing..." Zhou Guhan had a red face as he argued.

"Haha, its the people of the entire world yet again. Just why do you think you can represent the people of the world?" Ye Qingyu countered.

"This... I... I... I stand on the side of morality and righteousness. I just judged from normal logic. From ancient times, the wise have said... I..." Zhou Guhan's speech was somewhat stuttery.

Ye Qingyu chuckled. "Fine, junior brother Zhou, I understand what you mean. You want to become famed through stepping on me. In truth, I do not mind. However, the words you have said makes me feel too much displeasure. Haha, today it is not only you that has decided to grasp this opportunity and become famed. This is a really pitiful thought. However, as you wish, I shall imitate the ancients once, and use wine to debate with white deer. Just now, I spoke of seven killings, then I will pour seven cups of wine, and see whether fortune falls on you."

Before he had finished.

Ye Qingyu took a step on the bridge.

The power of his palm lightly sucked in.

The waters of the lake below the bridge suddenly emitted a silver glimmer. Ice pillar after ice pillar made of crystal ice rose from below the water, constantly changing it's form, constantly rising. Under the shine of the sunlight, it let out a resplendent light, emitting a dream-like colour. the ice platform and ice pillars rose twenty meters from the water.

Under everyone's regard, an ice throne gradually floated and appeared.

A faint white mist spread about everywhere, causing the temperature of the lakes surroundings to drop rapidly.

Such ice was like it was living, or as if it was being carved by a divine hand. It constantly changed its form. In less than ten breaths’ time, a twenty-metertall ice sculpture of a huge throne appeared within the lake, seeming unreal.

Beside the main throne, there were also seven star seats that surrounded it.

It was as if there was a Fiendgod arena that suddenly descended from the sky, letting out a mysterious light.

Everyone had their mouths open in amazement, their eyes wide.

They could not believe in their own eyes.

This was... using ice inner yuan to create a vast and divine Fiendgod Palace?

Heavens.

Just how terrifying and deep must one's inner yuan be?

The high stages of the Spirit springs?

Or... the Bitter Sea stage?

Previously, they had only heard of Ye Qingyu's impressive battle records from rumours. But most people's memories were still locked on to that young youth who was a first year at White Deer Academy a year or so ago. They did not imagine when Ye Qingyu's true power exploded, it would be so terrifying. They saw with their own eyes, an ice crystal Fiendgod palace being constructed and created in a breath. Such a shock...

the surroundings were entirely silent.

It was especially so for the people that had interactions with Ye Qingyu in the past; Qin Wushuang, Jiang Xiaohan, Han Shuangfu, Bai Yuqing and the others. There were huge waves that crashed on their hearts, their minds completely blank. They nearly completely lost the ability to breathe or think.

This, just what sort of power was this?

There were some people who tentatively walked towards the ice throne, but instantly felt cold running throughout their whole body. Even their blood was about to be frozen.

Only until right now did people truly, truly realize, just what did the name Ye Qingyu represent. They had heard about him from the rumours of the Jianghu, from the mouths of their parents, from the words of their teachers. At this very moment, they finally realized just who this third class military Marquis was, this [Leaf of Youyan] that completely changed the situation in the martial alliance meeting. They finally comprehended just how heavy such a title was.

They finally understood that they had still not walked out of the academy, the students that had still not experienced the power of the mortal world, just how weak and feeble they were in front of this huge figure who shook the martial way of the entire world.

Such a feeling was like a speck of sand staring at a towering divine mountain.

Zhou Guhan's heart was shocked.

The two other members of the Poor Society next to him were also stunned.

Even the [Sleeping Deity] Li Chenzhou did not have any trace of sleep in his eyes anymore. His eyes were open wide, and in his pupils that were as black as a deep lake, there was the first flicker of light that flashed through...

Ye Qingyu's figure flashed, instantly reaching the peak of the ice crystal seven stars throne.

Seven ice snow dragons roared out from his body, roaring in the air.

The roar of the dragons shook the heavens.

A pressure that seemed as if it was real, spread about in all directions.

Within White Deer Academy, everyone shook with fear.

"Seven cups of dragon blood wine. Those who can drink it are the prodigies, are fated. Whether you believe it or not, decide for yourself." As Ye Qingyu's voice sounded, the seven snow dragon illusions split and shot towards the seven star seats surrounding the main throne. The shine of the ice shot towards everywhere, and transformed into a coiled dragon ice cup. Inside, alcohol was glimmering, and it sat above the ice table. A strange and bizarre smell began emitting from within the coiled dragon cup.

Seven cups of wine, seven dragons, seven rays of light.

In an instant, everyone's gaze was attracted by this.

"Only true heroes of the Human Race can lift these seven cups of wine. Only they can drink it. The profoundness of these cups of wine will be known by the people who drink it. Everyone, the meeting of today will end now. I hope that these seven cups of wine will be able to create a legend in White Deer Academy. The seven heroes of White Deer will be able to become the pride of Deer City.”

As Ye Qingyu's voice sounded, a light glimmered, and his entire person disappeared.

White Deer Academy was still and completely silent.

The gazes that regarded the seven cups of wine gradually grew fiery.

At this time, even an idiot would understand what Marquis Ye meant---there was fortune and opportunity held within these seven cups of wine. it should be something that was able to raise their cultivation or change their foundation, or perhaps it was some sort of divine liquid treasure. The benefits would be endless as long as they drank it.

From what everyone knew, one year ago when Marquis Ye left White Deer Academy, he was still at the second spring cultivation level.

But one year after, when he returned, he was already famed throughout the world, and his strength was unfathomable. He was able to kill Zhao Shanhe, who was most likely already an existence at the Bitter Sea stage.

The speed at which his cultivation increased had never been heard of even in history.

Without need to guess, he must have obtained some peerless fortuitous treasure.

Then would the material within these seven cups of wine have something to with this peerless fortuitous treasure?

If they drank a cup of wine, would they become the second Ye Qingyu?

"Let me try..." From far away in the crowd, someone's figure shot towards the air, heading towards the seven star thrones. the person was in the air, his hand outstretched towards one of the cups of wine in one of the guest thrones.

As he acted, many people were jolted into action. They all shot out, figures in the air, every one of them like a large bird that shot towards the seven star guest thrones like lightning---

But---

Ping!Ping!Ping!

there was a series of grunts.

The figures that flew towards the seven star ice crystal thrones were all sent flying backwards. All of them were covered in frost. As they landed on the ground, they could not stand stably, shock on their faces.

"Why is it like this"

"It's impossible... to even get near it."

"Near the thrones, there is a vast power... this, it's completely impossible for us to pass through."

"Could it be that we must rely on strength to breakthrough?"

Everyone's complexion changed.

There were people who were not willing to give up, that continued to shoot towards the thrones. However, they were still rebounded by this invincible frost power. They were impacted so much that their blood was surging inside their bodies, their faces pale.

"This shouldn't be. If only powerful experts can enter, then how can it be called a fortuitous encounter?" someone screamed.

There were people that constantly tried, and there were people constantly being rebounded.

Some people even tried to use the power of Spirit weapons to attack the defence, but they were still not able to break through.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 334:


“Let me try.”

Zhou Guhan, who had already calmed down, activated the powerful yuan qi surging within his body.

He had entered White Deer Academy for four years. In the previous three years, he did not have any exceptional performance. But in the fourth year, he rose abruptly, and rapidly became a leader that directed the entire Poor Society. The power of this person also gradually began to be exhibited; with his four Spirit spring cultivation, he could be counted as a powerful expert amongst the students.

Everyone saw that he intended to compete. Everyone's gaze focused on him.

A shred of invisible qi began encircling around Zhou Guhan, shimmering outwards.

Xiu!

His figure disappeared, turning into a bolt of lighting that headed towards the seven star icy thrones.

But---

Boom!

On the surface of the lake, the silver-coloured frost aura expanded. Countless frost light spread about, like a silver-coloured chrysanthemum blooming instantly. Zhou Guhan's seemingly powerful figure was like an ant heading towards a surging tide in front of such a cold qi. He was completely insignificant.

"Che!"

A spurt of blood containing cold qi jetted out from Zhou Guhan's mouth. Before the blood fell to the ground, it turned into blood red ice crystals.

He flew towards the ground.

And took stuttering steps backwards.

"This... how could it be? Haha, it seems that this fortuitous opportunity is just a lie to fool the crowds." Zhou Guhan's expression grew hard to regard upon. "If he really doesn't want someone to obtain the so called divine liquid, with senior brother Ye's strength, who could break through his restrictions amongst any of the students?"

There were constantly people trying.

There were constantly people being sent rebounding backwards.

At the end, even a teacher of the academy attempted to act out. But the situation did not change at all. The strength of some teachers were at the thirty or forty Spirit springs, but they were still like ants trying topple a large tree. It could not break apart the cold qi protection at all.

"It's a fortuitous encounter that is impossible to obtain."

A group of students from the Poor Society shouted.

"Let me try.”

Li Chenzhou, after rubbing away the sleep in his eyes, suddenly grew interested. As he said this, he stepped towards the seven star ice crystal throne.

He did not use his yuan qi to leap towards it, but instead took step by step towards it.

"I think that junior brother Li, you had best not seek your own humiliation. You..." Zhou Guhan looked at the back of Li Chenzhou with a faint smile.

But his words suddenly stopped.

It was not only Zhou Guhan, the other people were also dumbfounded.

Because under the gazes of everyone, Li Chenzhou was like a monkey that jumped across the water. His palm touched one of the ice pillars of the seven star thrones, and he agilely got on top of one of the seven star guest thrones. With a swipe of his hand, a dragon wine cup was in his hands.

Throughout the entire process, he did not receive any obstruction whatsoever.

It was as if the cold qi had lost all its effect.

Under the gazes of thousands of people of disbelieve and astoundment, Li Chenzhou laughed.

"It doesn't seem to be that hard. "

He muttered to himself.

When such words were heard by the numerous surrounding people, they nearly wanted to beat him to death ----this was especially so for those people who had attempted to get there but failed without gaining everything. They had no way of believing what they saw. Just what was this? Why was it only Li Chenzhou who was able to obtain that cup of Dragon's wine?

One must know that the invisible cold qi of the seven star guest thrones had rebounded many people away. Within this group, there were older students that had greater strength than Li Chenzhou, and there were even the teachers that were even more powerful that had tried.

Could it be that the ice crystal thrones did not solely test strength?

This?

Method?

Could it be that you must jump across from the water and climb step by step, to truly be able to reach the peak?

Everyone began imitating him.

Countless people gave up on the idea of leaping directly to the seven ice thrones, but followed the actions of Li Chenzhou. They jumped over the water and began climbing from the bottom of the seven star icy thrones.

But---

Ping!Ping!Ping!

An invisible power exploded and rebounded them backwards.

Countless people were struck into the cold lake. Like dumplings falling into water, they shouted and screamed. But their yuan qi was sealed away by the cold qi, so they could only swim towards the shore and looked to be in an incomparably sorry state...

"Dragon wine, just what kind of taste does it have?“

Li Chenzhou held the cold white jade cup in his hands, but he could not sense the slightest of cold whatsoever. Instead, there was a shred of warmth that was within the ice cup. The dragon scales flickered with light. When one lowered their head to look, it was as if there was a little silver dragon swimming in the cup.

Li Chenzhou's heart was slightly excited.

Under countless gazes of envy, he lifted his head and drank the cup of Dragon's wine into his stomach.

Within the air, there was a divine saintly sound of dragons roaring.

"What's happening?"

"He drank the Dragon's wine?"

"Will he instantly be able to breakthrough?"

There were questions appearing out of everyone's heart.

But the next instant.

"Phew..."

Li Chenzhou seemed to be suddenly incomparably tired. He directly stood on one of the seven star guest thrones, with an empty cup of wine in his hand and his other hand hanging loosely, with saliva dripping at the corner of his lips and fell asleep. There were clear noises of snoring coming from his nose and throat, like it was the rumble of thunder.

Everyone was speechless.

He was definitely the [Sleeping Deity].

At this time, to think he would still be able to sleep.

As Li Chenzhou's snore grew clearer and clearer, there was another several hundred people that tried to ascend the seven star thrones, but they were still rebounded onto the water. Finally, the second person able to ascend the seven star throne also appeared.

It was a person no one would have imagined.

Qin Wushuang.

The moment he stood on the seven star guest thrones, Qin Wushuang somewhat did not quite believe it himself.

Qin Wushuang did not hold any great hopes, but just tried it as a tentative attempt. He jumped through the air, but he did not suffer any invisible energy that rebounded him backwards. Without any restrictions, he lightly landed in front of the ice crystal throne.

The white jade ice cup easily fell into his hands.

"Why is it like this?"

Qin Wushuang was incomparably moved, but he was also somewhat confused.

With Ye Qingyu's background, with the relation between him and Ye Qingyu, thinking back to the fact that he had opposed and struggled with him in the past, to think he would be able to obtain a part of this fortune.

Qin Wushuang lifted the jade cup high up in the air, and drank the silver dragon liquid within the wine cup.

At that instant, he understood that by accepting Ye Qingyu's gift, he had turned himself forever into a follower, the defeated. He was a person who had lowered his head to Ye Qingyu's position, he had abandoned all the pride and superiority he once had over Ye Qingyu, and lowered his head.

Furthermore, Qin Wushuang understood that by lowering his head, everything would have to begin anew.

The cold liquid ran down his throat, and instantly entered and dispersed throughout his body. It turned into a strange power that began running rampant throughout meridians. A powerful aura that was inconceivable began to be born in his dantian. Within the desert world of his dantian, something strange was happening...

"Powerful energy, it can be compared to the power of Origin crystal. No, there seems to be other special effects..."

Qin Wushuang was stunned.

He had originated from a noble family that was ranked number one throughout Deer City. He had been well-loved since he was young, and had ingested a great variety of medicinal herbs and pills. He had never seen something that would have such an incredible effect after he ingested it. The worry in his heart that originally existed, dispersed like smoke.

"My previous thinking was right. A calm lake cannot cultivate a truly powerful expert. After the matters today, I will imitate Ye Qingyu and enter into the Youyan army. I will undertake the iron blooded training of the military. Only within the army can true experts with powerful battle strength be born. I want to know, just what happened to Ye Qingyu that made him so powerful... There will definitely be a day where I will have the requirements and strength to stand in front of him, and challenge him once again.”

Qin Wushuang swore in his heart.

He drank the Dragon's wine and sat in a meditative position.

Qin Wushuang directly ingested the energy of the Dragon's wine on the seven star ice thrones, and began cultivating to breakthrough.

Such a scene was seen by everyone.

This was especially so for the powerful fluctuations of qi that surged out from his body after drinking the Dragon's wine. It caused everyone around them to go crazy. It was different from the Li Chenzhou who fell asleep after drinking the wine, and where it seemed like no great change had occurred. The Dragon's wine exhibited a mark on Qin Wushuang's body that made everyone understand just how tempting was the fortune Ye Qingyu left behind.

Countless figures shot through the air, madly flying towards the seven star ice throne.

Ping!Ping!Ping!

The cold qi exploded.

There were constantly people being rebounded.

The third lucky person was born.

It was a student that was not noticeable at all normally. He had a burly figure and was a first year today. His strength had just entered into the Ordinary martial level, and there were many students of the same class who had not even remembered his name yet. They only remembered his silly smile. He was a fellow that was personally evaluated by the teacher of the first years, as a pitiful fellow who would have no choice but become a guard of some mercantile companies or become a wandering expert.

But right now, such a fellow inexplicably became the third person to ascend onto the icy thrones.

The teacher who had evaluated him as a fellow with no future, was struck by the ice qi away, and was struggling like a wet chicken in the waters.

The burly student was so stunned he was somewhat incomprehensible.

“I... My name is Li He, I'm called Li He..."

It was like he was expressing all the suffering he had normally. With a shout, he drank the Dragon's wine in the white jade ice cup.

An orange light glimmered, instantly appearing on Li He's body.

It was yuan qi.

It was a vast yuan qi that was surging with the endless power of the earth.

The scene was different from the scene of Qin Wushuang drinking the Dragon's wine. But it similarly made people mad with jealousy.

The surrounding students instantly understood what the fortune in Ye Qingyu's words meant.

Such a fortuitous opportunity was not simply Spirit herbs or medicinal pills.

It was not a gift that would simply increase one's cultivation.

This was an opportunity that completely awakened the slumbering talent and potential within your body.

this was an opportunity to change your fate.

To completely be reborn and transform yourself.

The crowd grew even more crazy.

Those people who were rebounded to the water, once they returned to the shore, did not rest at all, but once again headed towards the icy thrones even more madly. Like moths rushing to the flame, they did not even care about the fact that they might be frozen to the death by the icy qi.

Seeing such a scene, those old elders and teachers who had not participated to protect their status, also acted right now.

In truth, the fortuitous opportunity that Ye Qingyu had left behind was far too shocking and tempting.

As long as one was a martial expert, and yearned towards the martial path, one would not be able to resist such a temptation.

There were once again people who successfully ascended onto the seven star thrones.

--------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 335:


Chapter 336 - Looking For The Thin Old Man

Zhou Yu and Song Qingluo also occupied two places.

As one of the representatives of the group of nobles, Zhou Yu was another surprising person after Qin Wushuang. Because, before this, he and Ye Qingyu had very little interaction, yet he also got a chance.

This scholarly student who reads books and poems intensively and was known as possessing a magnificent army of thousands of men and horses in his stomach, drank the Dragon’s wine in the white jade ice cup in one gulp. His whole body exuded a faint silver-like glow, sitting upright on the throne, and entering into a state of cultivation and enlightenment.

The fact that Song Qingluo succeeded on sitting on the throne once again confirmed the intimate relationship between the Song family and the Ye family, which was what many people expected.

Having experienced the most difficult test of her life, the formerly dainty Song Qingluo exuded an aura that seemed out of this world, like the female saint of war had seen through the world of mortals. There was a hint of solemnity within the delicateness, and she appeared more and more beautiful.

There were two seats remaining.

Many people were frantically vying for it.

Some fought until they were spurting out blood, constantly falling into the ice water, shivering in the cold, and their complexions were ashen pale. Some people were crying out in despair and looking in distress, especially Zhou Guhan and the two members of the Poor Society. The latter two were like drenched dogs, dripping wet and helpless, while Zhou Guhan seemed like he had been slapped in the face constantly.

The scheme that he worked hard on for today was to, with the help of Ye Qingyu, attract attention, elaborate his prestige, and build his reputation and image in such an occasion.

He had almost succeeded.

The first half of the whole plan was already enacted, and everything seemed to be in the palm of his hands.

Even though Ye Qingyu, a new noble well-known across Jianghu and the Empire, clearly expressed his dislike for him, Zhou Guhan was not the slightest disappointed or dispirited, because what he wanted was absolutely not Ye Qingyu’s appreciation— —On the contrary, if Ye Qingyu treated him and the Poor Society badly, Zhou Guhan’s gain would be more tremendous.

But in the second half of the plan, there was a sudden change in the situation.

Ye Qingyu, intentionally or unintentionally, took out the seven cups of ice dragon wine and the seven-star ice thrones, and completely attracted all eyes and attention. The entire White Deer Academy went into madness and no one paid attention to the previous incident he had caused.

Without a doubt, after this incident, the memory of today would always be the seven-star ice throne, the seven lucky people that eventually emerged, the opportunities that they have, and the powerful strength that Ye Qingyu displayed in the process.

Zhou Guhan’s efforts would be diluted, would be forgotten.

This was obviously unbearable for Zhou Guhan.

“Was it unintentional, or did he see through my thoughts, fought back with such a method, and deflected my attack?”

Zhou Guhan thought hard about this matter.

Among the crowd, there was a person as calm as ever.

Bai Yuqing quietly stood in her original place. No matter how the people around her frantically fought for the opportunity of the seven-star ice throne, she did not move in the slightest.

The most outstanding goddess of White Deer Academy since the establishment of the Academy was dressed in a white jade combat outfit, her long black hair reaching her ankle. Under the sunlight, she seemed like a pool of dark water, quiet and still, and full of a mysterious atmosphere.

Her delicate and almost invulnerable face was wearing an indifferent smile.

Standing aloof from the world and quietly watching the surrounding people scrambling to get the seven-star ice throne like they had lost their mind, Bai Yuqing’s figure was like the only motionless boulder, looking imposing as though everybody was drunk except her, there was a kind of steely determination that made the heart beat faster.

Then she turned around slowly, walking against the flow of people.

“Everyone should compete for this, except me.”

Bai Yuqing walked away slowly.

“If I accept his gift, won’t I be... forever his junior, and will always be behind him? I don’t want such a thing,” Bai Yuqing said to herself in her heart.

And then she really left.

At the very far side of the rockery.

Two shadows appeared quietly.

Like a faint mist drifting and floating across the air, completely isolated from the breath and light of the world, and although other people were by their side, they could not sense their existence.

It was Ye Qingyu and Blue Sky that had disappeared.

“Just what is your cultivation right now? To think that you would still play such a childish prank, I th?” Blue Sky shot a despising look at Ye Qingyu and said sarcastically.

In fact, he was also eager to give such a thing a try. This type of method seemed very amusing, and he wanted to try it himself in the future. Hahaha, a scene like that, from the distance, was like sugar being sprinkled in front of the ant’s nest, and then the entire nest of ants turned crazy.

Ye Qingyu smiled and did not speak.

If you want to create a disturbance, you might as well make it massive.

As one of the students of White Deer Academy, he should send a little gift to his junior brothers and sisters. If he was behaving arrogantly and had never visited White Deer Academy, then over time, he really would not leave any impression in White Deer Academy at all.

Towards White Deer Academy, Ye Qingyu still had some feelings.

That place was the beginning of the changes of his fate.

His martial arts path started from there.

Whether it was Wang Yan, Wen Wan, Hon Kong, the mysterious thin old man of the Grievance Hall, the former old Dean that had left White Deer Academy, or even Blue sky, they were all Ye Qingyu’s benefactors. It was their help again and again, whether intentionally or unintentionally, that brought about the Ye Qingyu today.

These seven cups of Dragon’s wine contained elements of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet], but most importantly its mysterious effect was because Little Silver had bathed in it.

At first, Ye Qingyu didn’t know why that when the silly dog drank alcohol, he liked to let Little Silver soak in it first. After careful observation, Ye Qingyu noticed that the wine liquor that Little Silver had soaked in unexpectedly contained a pure and incomparable power, and especially for cultivators of the Ordinary martial stage and the low levels of the Spirit spring stage, like the froth of liquid jade, it has the effect of washing the marrow of the bones, and helps cultivators develop to their full potential...

No wonder that many people like to use snakes, insects and other things to infuse in wine.

These things really do have miraculous effects.

After discovering this mystery, Ye Qingyu and the old doctor Li Shizhen discussed and developed a formulation for Dragon’s wine with the pot of dragon wine that Little Silver had bathed in several times before. A part of it could be used to improve the body condition of Bai Yuanxing, and help Little Grass, Qing Qing, Li Ying and Li Qi these little fellows. The other part could be kept as reserve.

His visit to White Deer Academy was the right time to use the Drago’s wine.

Of course, in addition to the effects of the Dragon’s wine itself, the seven cups of Dragon’s wine on the seven-stars ice throne also contained a trace of Ye Qingyu’s martial spirit, which would help martial artists understand and cultivate. Even the entire seven-stars ice throne contained Ye Qingyu’s martial thoughts, which could contribute to a cultivator’s training and breakthrough.

When Ye Qingyu just reached the Bitter Sea stage, he vaguely became aware of the laws between the heaven and earth, and came to understand these mysteries.

Of course, in addition to this, Ye Qingyu also had other considerations.

In the letter that Ye Qingyu obtained from Lang Zhong, he was urged repeatedly to come often to White Deer Academy. There must be a very deep meaning within such a request. Although Ye Qingyu was temporarily unable to grasp his mother’s meaning, but to do something for White Deer Academy was absolutely a right choice.

Seven cups of Dragon’s wine should allow seven little geniuses to emerge in White Deer Academy.

In the future, the White Deer Academy could possibly be able to slowly redeem its reputation and status in the Snow Empire.

“Come on, let’s go to Grievance Hall to have a look.” The second that Ye Qingyu turned around, he saw the goddess of White Deer Academy Bai Yuqing walking against the flow of people. He did not expect that this beautiful woman would not fight for a cup of Dragon’s wine.

In fact, in Ye Qingyu’s original plan, there was a cup of Dragon’s wine that belonged to Bai Yuqing.

Who knew that...

“What? What are you going to the Grievance Hall for? You’ve been confined there for three months, and I am there every few days. It’s chillingly cold there, what is there to see?” Blue Sky disagreed.

Ye Qingyu ignored him and headed directly in the direction of Grievance Hall.

He remembered the mysterious thin old man in the Grievance Hall.

Back when Ye Qingyu was in Grievance Hall, this mysterious thin old man gave him a beating every day that caused blisters and pain to appear all over his body, but his inner yuan grew with each passing day, and the internal injuries that were left on his body from forced cultivation also disappeared with the beating of the mysterious thin old man.

Even until now, Ye Qingyu had not figured out this mysterious thin old man’s identity and background.

After several meetings, Ye Qingyu even more felt that the thin old man was hiding a great secret. He was not that simple.

Could it be that the reason his mother wanted him to come often to White Deer Academy was because of this mysterious thin old man?

Unfortunately, this thin old man was too mysterious. He came without a shadow and left without a footprint, and even Dean Kong did not know about the existence of such a person. Ever since Ye Qingyu had reached the Bitter Sea stage, his sensing capability had grown incredibly strong, yet he was still unable to find the thin old man.

Thinking over and over again, Ye Qingyu still decided to go to the Grievance Hall.

He thought that perhaps, at the place he first met the thin old man, he could see him again?

As the time of departure approached, Ye Qingyu felt a faint feeling of reluctant to part. He realized that he still had a deep attachment towards White Deer Academy.

A moment later.

The two people’s figures, appeared in Grievance Hall.

It was still the quiet, serious and cold place, and the black courtyard walls were surging with rune formation. Several small halls were isolated from each other, most of them were empty and only a few had students inside reflecting on their mistakes.

With Ye Qingyu’s good memory, he found the hall that had once confined him.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 336:


Chapter 337 - Moving the Grave and the Little Sword

Although not one year had past, seeing this small dark hall, Ye Qingyu could not help feeling emotional.

Unfortunately, having searched the entire Grievance Hall, Ye Qingyu still could not find the mysterious thin old man.

“It seems he is deliberately avoiding me.”Ye Qingyu guessed.

The thin old man’s power was inscrutable. If he did not want to see him, then it would be too difficult to find him.

Realizing this, Ye Qingyu reluctantly turned around and left Grievance Hall.

When he returned, the seven cups of dragon wine on the seven-star ice throne already had a master each.

The effects of the Dragon’s wine, for the higher-level experts of the Spirit spring or Bitter Sea stage were average. But for the students of White Deer Academy who had just begun their martial path, the effects were as good as a miracle medicine.

Li Chenzhou, the first to grab the throne, was still in deep sleep.

Qin Wushuang, the second one to go up, was sitting cross-legged on top, eyes closed, concentrating, and a fierce aura exuding from his body.

It was the same with everyone else.

On the seven ice crystal chairs, everyone sat with their eyes closed.

Of the seven people, two of them Ye Qingyu was not familiar with.

But it didn’t matter.

Ye Qingyu, with the martial spirit and will of the Bitter Sea stage, set the test, and only the students in line with his mentality would ascend to the seven-stars ice throne and drink the Dragon’s wine. Since those two students could go up there, then that means their aptitude and mentality were absolutely not a problem.

He casually glanced around, realising that Zhou Guhan and his two confidants had left.

Among the crowd, Jiang Xiaohan’s figure was also gone.

Ye Qingyu then went to the Dean’s office, and greeted Hon Kong, before leaving White Deer Academy.

Blue Sky was still a fourth year student of White Deer Academy, and had to return to his own dormitory to train. About this blue-haired handsome guy’s background and identity, Ye Qingyu still knew nothing, but this did not affect the friendship between them. Ever since reaching the Bitter Sea stage, Ye Qingyu’s response to other people was much more sharp and accurate, and intuition told him that Blue Sky was a person that could be trusted.

But then again, there had not been many interactions between the two of them.

Ye Qingyu obviously was in no position to ask about the true identity of Blue Sky.

Everyone had their own little secret, and some people are reluctant to mention about their past.

Ye Qingyu was very satisfied with the result of this trip to White Deer Academy.

Because of the disturbance caused by Zhou Guhan, the aristocratic students had not had the opportunity to discuss with Ye Qingyu and to draw him over to their side. Among the students of humble background, an excellent student like Li Chenzhou was discovered, which made Ye Qingyu gratified,

After leaving the Academy, Ye Qingyu first returned to the Ye mansion.

Apart from the matters of moving the grave, everything else on his mother’s letter was completed.

Because of the unexpected delays, the time was a bit rushed. Ye Qingyu, Wen Wan and other people had a discussion and on that night [Bright Sword Ship] set off ahead of time. Led by Wen Wan, Mother Wu, Bai Yuanxing and other people, along with the body of the Sentinels, headed for Qing Luan Province to look for the relatives of the Sentinels. While Ye Qingyu stayed behind to find a feng shui master to calculate a good time for the moving of a grave. Following the instructions in the letter from his mother, he needed to move his parents’ grave.

The schedule of the whole trip was fully packed.

When Ye Qingyu finished dinner with Qin Lan and the other people, he returned to the backyard to continue to cultivate.

It was just the beginning of the Bitter Sea stage.

Ye Qingyu needed to constantly transform his own strength, understand the force of the laws of heaven and earth, and convert the yuan qi that was flowing in the meridians completely into liquid. Only then would he truly master and possess the strength that an expert of the Bitter Sea stage should have.

Two days later.

It was the time.

Moving the soil, shifting the grave, praying to it.

Ye Qingyu and the entire Ye family’s household came to the cemetery, and according to the ancient rituals and traditions of the city, began to move the grave.

The monks of the North Shek Kwu Temple, under the leadership of the Master Yuantong, were performing a Taoist rite on both sides of the dry lands. The chanting sounds were solemn and respectful, and besides the people of the Ye household, all well-known people of Deer City had come to offer flowers. The City Lord and the four military leaders also ordered people to send a wreath.

Ye Qingyu was already grown up. No one in the city dared to treat him with neglect.

Especially the Qingluo Merchant Company. President Song Jiannan personally came and had invited the monks of Shi Gu Temple.

Dressed in plain white clothing, Song Qingluo was also present.

At the time of the moving of the grave, the entire Ye household were in tears.

Ye Qingyu was in plain white mourning garb, kneeling in front of the grave.

He didn’t cry.

He did not like and was not used to expressing his emotions like that in front of so many people. That day, when Ye Qingyu read his mother’s letter, his feelings had been turned upside down. Right now, he could already control his emotions.

Dust was swirling in the air.

The burial mounds with green grass growing all over was broken open and a white jade stone coffin was finally revealed.

Buried for five years, the jade stone was as new as ever. Looking at the two stone coffins that were buried together, the scenes of the past emerged once again on Ye Qingyu’s mind, and his emotions were unstable again.

The coffin was lifted.

The funeral music was long and loud.

A burst of cries.

Master Yuantong and his disciples circled around the stone coffins, chanting and performing the ceremony to help the soul find peace.

Then the stone coffins were lifted onto the hearse that was prepared. Monks cleared the way, and Ye Qingyu held the portraits of his parents, and behind him were servants holding up white death flags. The hearse began to move in the direction of Deer River.

These were the things that were ordered in the letter.

Finally, the hearse was to be sunk into Deer River.

Originally, Ye Qingyu planned to open the coffin, and personally tidy his parents’ body, and add more funerary objects, but because the letter told him not to, he never opened the coffin in the end.

Very soon, they arrived at Deer River.

The waves of the river rolled across. It was currently the spring season, the time of snow and ice melting. Consequently, it was the time of the year that the river level rises sharply, and looked abnormal muddy. There were also large chunks of ice floating across the surface, colliding with each other, constantly smashing into pieces, floating and drowning, and misty water vapor filling the air all around.

Ye Qingyu thought for a brief moment, before personally inscribing formations on the stone jade coffins.

Although the stone coffins were incredibly hard, but if it sunk into the river and was struck by the broken pieces of ice, then the body of his parents could not be preserved, and would eventually become the food of fish and snakes, which was unacceptable to Ye Qingyu——In fact, his parents’ request that their stone coffins be placed into Deer River was also something that Ye Qingyu was extremely confused about.

With Ye Qingyu’s level of cultivation, the carving of a formation was incredibly fast.

In less than the time to burn half an incense stick, everything was ready.

In Ye Qingyu’s palm were rays of light. An invisible force lifted up the two stone coffins and slowly flew them toward the center of Deer River. In the blink of an eye, the coffins had reached the center of the thousand of meters wide river, and were slowly lowered, closer and closer to the water surface.

“Father, mother, as you wish, rest in the midst of this surging river. Your son will fulfill all your wishes...”

Ye Qingyu silently swore in his heart.

Watching the two stone coffins sink into the muddy water, an unexpected change that no one would ever thought of, suddenly appeared——

Whoosh!

A dim silver tip, under the cover of the pale yellow misty water vapour, silently shot toward the stone coffins.

Ye Qingyu was instantly on the alert.

“Rat, you dare? Die.”

Ye Qingyu bellowed, and at the same time he arrived at the stone coffins, his palm filled with silver ice crystals, and with the raise of his hand, he immediately captured the dim silver blade.

Clang!

A clang of metals meeting resounded.

The dim silver blade tip was tight in Ye Qingyu’s hand, then suddenly there was an extremely powerful qi that erupted out, and even with Ye Qingyu’s strength, he was unable to contain it no longer. The crystals shattered, the skin of his palm was slashed, his hand instantly turned red.

Ye Qingyu remained calm at the time of danger, and activated his [Supreme Ice Flame]. A terrifying force exploded, tightly squeezing the dim silver tip in his hand.

Clang Clang Clang Clang!

There were fierce loud resounding noises constantly erupting from Ye Qingyu’s hand.

Like a wet, slippery metal fish, the dim silver tip frantically struggled, wanting to break free of Ye Qingyu’s palm, but with [Supreme Ice Flame], which could restrain all forces, it slowly quietened down and was eventually frozen into a layer of ice.

The light in Ye Qingyu’s pupils fell on his palm, his heart suddenly shook like an earthquake.

Treacherous little sword.

Another treacherous little sword.

Frozen into ice on his hand was a simple and unadorned dim silver little sword.

Whether it is the shape, appearance, design or size, it was exactly the same as the little sword that Ye Qingyu encountered that day among the demonic beast horde. Just that the material looks slightly rough, and in which it contained a trace of treacherous strength and has the ability to struggle, but unfortunately, in the end, was confined by the [Supreme Ice Flame], and could not struggle or escape.

There’s this sort of little sword?

Ye Qingyu activated his yuan qi, the light in his pupil shot toward the opposite shore like lightning. Vaguely, he could sense that in the distance there was the aftermath of the activation of yuan qi, but there were no signs of people. Evidently, when the person’s attack did not succeed, the person immediately fled far away. The escape method was amazing and Ye Qingyu for now could not determine the person’s whereabouts.

The person who attacked had already fled.

In Ye Qingyu’s heart, there was a monstrous wave lifting into the sky.

What’s going on?

Why did the treacherous little silver sword appear again at this time?

And this time, it was directly attacking the stone coffins. Its purpose, just what was it?

Everything just now happened at lighting speed. The other people did not know what had happened, only felt that everything was blurred for a second, and Marquis Ye had reached the surface of the river and there was the sound of metal. They had not realized that there was a sneak attack by a skilled master, but simply thought that Marquis Ye was performing some kind of ritual, and all looked above the river.

Ye Qingyu stared at the side of the stone coffin, and was suddenly a little hesitant.

The person that can activate the treacherous little silver sword, their strength was absolutely terrifying, and most likely in the Bitter Sea stage. Such a existence, no matter where, was an incomparably respectable existence. But such a top expert would attack the stone coffins of two dead people... this was so abnormal.

Could it be that, inside the stone coffins, there was a greater secret?

Could it be…

A light flashed across Ye Qingyu’s mind, he suddenly grew excited, that even his breathing became rapid.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

