Chapter 101:


Chapter 101 – Three Days

Such a disturbance thus ended just like that.

Some of the students that had abandoned the [Taoxuan Pavilion] were able to observe everything from the outside. Seeing the scene, they were so regretful that they could die. They knew better than anyone that they had missed a golden opportunity. Even though Ye Qingyu said that he would still welcome them back to practice martial arts at the [Taoxuan Pavilion], but compared to Lin Tian and the two others that did not abandon or leave they were found lacking. From now on, to obtain Ye Qingyu’s complete trust was an impossible matter.

And some of the people who were not students of [Taoxuan Pavilion] at this time could not wait to rush in to become a disciple and learn.

Apart from the [Taoxuan Pavilion], which martial arts dojo in the Northern district was able to do this? Who could casually sit on the steps, drinking wine and with only one sentence, force the [Capture Barracks] to retreat?

This was the most naked and real symbol of strength. Entering [Taoxuan Pavilion] was equivalent to finding a great patron. From then on, as long as they said they were the students of [Taoxuan Pavilion] it was very likely that they would be able to walk horizontally* across the entire Northern city district. Even the normally tyrannical gangs and the little sects, would not dare to harm them in the slightest.

One could easily imagine at what sort of crazy rate the news of what happened here today would spread out at. From now on, [Taoxuan Pavilion] did not need to fret over not making a living.

No matter what the place, for a business like a dojo, the best glittering character signboard was strength and background.

Ye Qingyu seemed to have fully demonstrated these two attributes in the conflict today.

“For today, close the dojo and find someone to repair the entrance. From tomorrow onwards, the dojo will open like usual.” Ye Qingyu gave Tang San a signal.

Tang San understood tacitly. Coming to the entrance, he greeted the gathering crowd outside by raising his clasped hands in greeting. Then he announced loudly, “Everyone of this neighbourhood, friends of the same way, today [Taoxuan Pavilion] will be closed and will not receive visitors. Everyone should disperse. From tomorrow, the [Taoxuan Pavilion] will reopen officially. If you want to formally become a student and learn, then come tomorrow morning… Disperse, everyone should disperse.”

The crowd gradually left.

Ye Qingyu lowered his head to look at the jar of wine in his hands. There was only a tiny bit left. He was about to lift it up and drink the last drops when the silent Li Shizen that had always sat beside him coughed. “Young man, such a way of drinking alcohol is not good for your body.”

Ye Qingyu smiled. “I am drowning my sorrows.”

“And what sorrows do you have?” Li Shizen stroked his long silver beard and slapped his own thigh with a laugh. “Young, extraordinary innate talent, success when you are young with no need to worry about your next meal. You don’t know how many people are envious of you. For example, for a rotten old man like me, you don’t know how envious I am of young people like you.”

Ye Qingyu let out a loud laugh. “Fine, according to this old man’s word, I really shouldn’t be sad.”

Li Shizen also chuckled loudly. “Of course you shouldn’t.”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, considering. He turned his head and said to the Tang San beside him, “When we return, send someone to buy more alcohol like this, the taste is not bad. I’ve decided, from now on if someone make’s things difficult for me, then I’ll drink myself drunk before taking care of them. Haha, since at that time I’ll be drunk and don’t know anything, I’ll have an excuse for going crazy.”

Li Shizen and Tang San was speechless for a moment.

“Young master, such a thing, just leave it for me and my brothers. Let us run your errands.” Lin Tian could not bear remaining silent any longer, stepping forwards and volunteering himself.

The young man next to him also quickly nodded his head. “That’s right. Young master, let us do some things for you. Also, my father is the best furniture craftsman nearby. I’ll return right now and ask my father to come and construct a free, shining and glimmering golden entrance.”

Ye Qingyu could not restrain his smile. “There’s no need for it to be glittering and glimmering with a golden light. Just do it according to what it used to look like and construct another door. For the materials and wages, go find supervisor Tang to pay for your expenditure…” Ye Qingyu paused and looked at the three excited expressions of the three. He said with a laugh, “I am very grateful that you decided to stay behind today. If you are willing , then from this moment onwards [Taoxuan Pavilion] will become your second family. If you have matters in the future, you can go find supervisor Tang for assistance. But do not use the name of [Taoxuan Pavilion] to swindle others outside and use your force to bully others.”

Ye Qingyu’s words were straightforward and brutally honest.

He knew that these were the words that the three young people most wanted to hear so he did not have to be coy.

Ye Qingyu admired these three people very much for their ability to resolutely stay in such a situation. Especially Lin Tian. There was an air of staunchness and bravery about him, he was a good seedling worth raising.

“Thank you, young master!”

“We will absolutely not make you lose face.”

The three men, hearing Ye Qingyu’s words, instantly starting cheering and rushed to slap their chest in guarantees.

After the three had left, Ye Qingyu beckoned to Tang San yet again. “Do things according to the previous rules of the [Taoxuan Pavilion]. Don’t raise the fees. Quickly utilize the time and find more martial instructors, master Zhou will be too busy if he is left on his own. The part time students that left today can return, but the teachers that left along with Nie Yan are not to be accepted if they return.”

Tang San nodded his head to indicate he understood.

As they were speaking, Little Grass and the teacher Zhou had returned from purchasing equipment. On the way, they had already heard of the things that had taken place. Little Grass saw Ye Qingyu and rushed into the embrace of her brother Qingyu in the first instance, excitedly jumping and cheering.

Master Zhou was a martial instructor around fifty years of age, called Zhou Xiang. His left leg was somewhat disabled, and he had a limp when he walked. His strength was around the fourth stage of the ordinary martial level and his appearance seemed honest and straightforward. Tang San had already given an introduction to Ye Qingyu regarding him. Zhou Xiang was originally an escort at an armed escort company in the city. After one of his missions where he had to protect a person, he wounded his leg in the midst of battle and created a recurring injury. His strength greatly fell and he could not help but leave the armed escort company, finding a living at [Taoxuan Pavilion]. He had already been working here for three years of time, but he was not the confidant of Nie Yan so had never received his trust. Therefore, Zhou Xiang did not follow him when he left.

Ye Qingyu smiled at him and greeted him, thanking him for not departing at such a critical time.

Such an attitude made Zhou Xiang both embarrassed and joyous. His facial expression became conflicted and confused. This middle-aged martial instructor was really a straightforward and honest man.

Ye Qingyu also had a look around the dojo.

Compared to four years ago, [Taoxuan Pavilion] had not change much. Many items were old antiques and items belonging from the generation of Ye Qingyu’s parents. After Nie Yan had taken away the [Taoxuan Pavilion], he did not heavily invest into this establishment. Nie Yan must have thought that there was not a great future for this martial art dojo, so he had always remained a blood sucker, drinking away the blood of the dojo. He was waiting for the day when the business became so bad it could not continue and planned to sell the land away and leave with his purse in such a situation.

When he walked out from the hall of the [Taoxuan Pavilion], Li Shizen still remained.

The little girl called Qingqing had finally placed the heavy medicinal box down. Right now, she was sitting on the platform, speaking and laughing with Little Grass about something. The two little girls were of a similar age and was very easily able to play together with each other. They seemed to get on together very harmoniously.

An idea was born in Ye Qingyu’s heart. He sat beside the old doctor. “Doctor Li, do you have any interest, in coming to [Taoxuan Pavilion] to become our in house medical consultant?”

Li Shizen looked at him.

Ye Qingyu, “When students are training, light wounds and injuries often appear. Some students don’t really notice too much and pay proper attention to it. This can often leave a recurring injury that is harmful for their bodies. If there is an experienced doctor acting as an in house medical consultant and is willing to treat the injuries, I think that such a scenario can be prevented to its fullest.”

Hearing this, Li Shizen smiled. Under his eyebrows, there was a piercing gaze that could completely discern Ye Qingyu’s intention. “Master Ye must have seen that it is not easy for a poor old man and his granddaughter to survive in this chaotic human society and that we can only struggle and rely on each other. You must be pitying a poor old man like me and want to help us? That’s why you offered.”

Ye Qingyu coughed. “I do have such an intention. Don’t blame me for being presumptuous but I see that Qingqing and Little Grass are getting along so well. That’s the reason I had such an idea. Little Grass, that little girl, has had a bitter life. She lost her father at a young age and does not have any playmate whatsoever. I rarely see her be so happy when she plays with other people. If we let them play and practice martial arts together, is that not a good thing for both of the girls?”

Li Shizen nodded his head in agreement. “Then I’ll thank master Ye.”

Ye Qingyu was overjoyed.

Li Shizen accepted much more easily than in his imagination.

Without knowing why, Ye Qingyu felt this white-haired old man had an aura like that of someone regaining their natural state. His pair of eyes was as if it was able to see through all worldly affairs. There was a quality about him that stood apart from this world, different from other people. He was an old man with a story.

The two conversed for a while.

Their topic quickly changed to Spirit herbs and medicine.

Ye Qingyu was surprised to discover that Li Shizen’s cursory words were extremely knowledgeable and had clearly researched in depth regarding different Spirit herbs and medicines. Screening, usage, dosage, quality, so on and so forth, he was very familiar with all aspects of medicine. He knew very many things that was hard to see even within the mysterious tomes of the public libraries of White Deer Academy.

He was an old man well versed in medicine.

That was the evaluation in Ye Qingyu’s heart.

At this time, there was a familiar searching sound from beside him.

Ye Qingyu turned to look beside him and black lines could not help but appear on his forehead. Without knowing the exact time, the silly dog Big Head had wriggled free from his grip and jumped into the jar of wine. Sneakily, he had licked clean the beautiful wine left inside. Big Head was now shaking the earthen jar, a perfect picture of someone not yet satisfied.

Time quickly passed to the evening.

Lamps began to be lit within [Taoxuan Pavilion].

The young man really brought his skilled craftsman father over along with several of other workers. Through their work, the entrance of [Taoxuan Pavilion] was once again constructed and established. Like what it used to be, it was still made from willow and was inky black in colour.

Ye Qingyu directed Tang San to host a feast, to thank the craftsmen for their work.

Li Shizen and the others also stayed for dinner.

The stupid dog Big Head was the thing that was able to attract the most attention in this banquet. There was only one reason for this— this creature was really able to eat too much. No matter what was placed in front of him, he would completely finish devouring it in less than three breaths of time. If this little fellow did not have a tiny and cute outer appearance, the others could not help but be suspicious whether the ravenous appetite of this silly dog would activate and treat everyone here as food and consume them!

Ye Qingyu was completely speechless when facing Big Head.

Too able to eat.

The key point was that he could never be satisfied.

Demon King Ye looked at the constantly disappearing food and rubbed his somewhat painful chest. He began to seriously consider, if this continued on, whether there was really a possibility that he would be eaten poor by this stupid dog. Should he just find a location and throw this good for nothing but eating dog away? A dog without any shred of martial power and only possessed a cute appearance, should he just chuck him somewhere far away?

At night, Ye Qingyu left [Taoxuan Pavilion].

In the leftover two days of time, Ye Qingyu remained within the Ye mansion to concentrate on his training.

The third day.

Ye Qingyu stealthily left alone from the Ye mansion, towards the Southern district.

He needed to see Wang Yan, to clear everything up.

The promised time had finally arrived.

*domineering, without fear of consequences.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 102:


Chapter 102 – The Back of that Silhouette

Although Deer City could not be counted as a large scale city, but the North, East, South and West four main districts each had different attributes and characteristics. The Northern district was a location with the highest numbers of poor and destitute people, with the buildings and structures being very varied and diverse. Streets and alleys of all sizes warped and weaved in deranged order. If a person who was unfamiliar with this area entered into the streets, it was alike to entering a labyrinth.

And the South district was the most prosperous business district of the city. Merchants and companies would gather here, along with different armed escort companies and factions. People from a thousand miles around Deer City would converge here, all for the sake of benefit and profit. It could be said that this district collected people from all trades, with all kinds of bad characters able to be seen at this location.

The split second Ye Qingyu entered into the Southern district, he was able to sense a dense odour of merchants that settled on him. The sensation of this district was completely different from the Northern district.

The time right now was the early hours of the morning. Fragmentary snowflakes were still drifting and the sun far off had not yet risen fully with the eastern skies slightly showing the marble white sky of the dawn. But even in the narrowest of streets, there were peddlers that had claimed their position, hawking all kinds of odd and strange wares.

The air of the early winter was already extremely chilly.

Ye Qingyu, wearing a large black garment and hat, travelling through the crowd.

He unhurriedly headed towards the direction of the [Mist Residence].

Originally, Ye Qingyu was worried that such an attire would be like drawing legs on a snake* and would needlessly attract the attention of people. But only upon coming here did he discover that people wearing all sorts of attire that mysteriously covered their faces could be seen everywhere.

And just like the Northern district, on the streets, there were quite a few patrolling platoons.

But what was different was that these squadrons rarely interrogated the people travelling on the streets.

After all, this area was the place with the most people from outside of Deer City. This was the place with the most complicated and diverse group of people. If they went and questioned every suspicious person on the streets, even if the entire standing army was sent to the streets, it wouldn’t be enough to complete such a workload.

Ye Qingyu went through the streets without any obstacles.

He did not hurry towards the [Mist Residence], and when he passed the different stalls he would eat several buns and a bowl of thin congee. Only after delaying for an hour of time, waiting until the sun had completely risen and the flow of people on the streets became greater and greater did he once again rejoin the crowd.

When he passed by some little stalls, Ye Qingyu would also stop and evaluate, admiring the wares.

And as he passed by these assorted stalls, Ye Qingyu suddenly felt that he could not see the little loli with empty hands**. Without knowing why, when he saw a white little bear hanging on one of the stalls, he felt that the little loli must like it. When he asked for the price, the peddler was a crafty fellow and asked for one gold right off the bat. Ye Qingyu was preoccupied, too lazy to haggle, buying it straight-out.

As he watched Ye Qingyu depart, the peddler was slightly regretful. Since the customer was so generous, he should have set the price slightly higher.

Such a situation was able to be seen everywhere in the Southern district.

After buying the little bear and carrying it in his hands, he was like a person observing flowers from horseback. After wandering in several circles, turning several times and walking backwards, he slowly neared the [Mist Residence]

The [Mist Residence] was slightly famous in the Southern district.

Because it was one of the ten gold residences in the Southern district.

What was called gold residence, was not a place where they sold jewelry or accessories. It was a place for your sensual pleasures, a money squandering establishment for you to indulge in luxury. Listening to songs and watching dances, a place where you spent time satisfying your desires. In a place like the Southern district where it was densely packed with commercial activity, such establishments were not in the few.

As he walked in the old streets, he passed by very many of the old small doors that looked simple on the outside. However, if you entered into it, you would discover an amazing and extravagant degree of luxury that was enough to make one staggered.

The reason that the [Mist Residence] was famous was because in the gold residences of the Southern district, it was ranked number ten.

Apart from making Ye Qingyu shocked, this also made him feel slightly strange.

Why would Wang Yan tell him to come to such a place to meet with her.

In the everyones subconscious, a woman— especially a proper woman, should not appear in a place like this. And Wang Yan was not only a proper woman, she was a person of the highest status in the entire Deer City, with a distinguished identity. She was one of the strongest women in the city. She should even more not appear at such a place.

And for a similar reason, the little loli Song Xiaojun was the illegitimate daughter of an important person within the Qingluo Merchant Company. Furthermore, she was a student of White Deer Academy, she should not appear in such a place.

Bringing with him many questions in his heart, Ye Qingyu arrived at the entrance of the [Mist Residence].

Ash grey bricks, black tiles. A little door to a little courtyard.

Beside the entrance were two stone guardian lions not even half a meter tall. The stonework was elaborate but was absolutely not the work of a renowned master, exceedingly average. The little elm door close up was crude and coarse, emitting a kind of sensation that it had undergone many years of wear and tear. The entrance did not have a sign and he was also not able to see the sign saying [Mist Residence] anywhere. They did not have a doorman of any sort outside. From the external appearance, it seemed like it was the little house of a normal middle class family.

Ye Qingyu hesitated, confirming that he did not go to the wrong place. Then, he pushed and entered.

The wooden door emitted light sounds of squeaking.

Inside the hall, there were around five warriors wearing black sturdy clothing. From their appearance, they seemed like guards of some sort and they were currently drinking wine and roasting chicken. They should be warriors on the duty for the morning shift. As they heard the sound of the door opening, one of them considered Ye Qingyu for several glances, then nodded his head. Without saying anything, he brought Ye Qingyu further inside.

Behind the hall was a brick and tile passageway.

The corridor was exceedingly serene and quiet, not a sight to be seen.

After walking a hundred meters, on both sides of the corridor there were two other paths, as if it was the web of a spider, heading to different courtyards. With Ye Qingyu’s eyesight, he was able to see the name of the different courtyards far away, and the names were particularly unique. They were the Orchid garden, Observing Snow garden, Plum Shadow garden and so on and so forth. But the doors to these courtyards were round, the black doors covering the inside, without any way knowing what it was like beyond.

On the way, there were not any other people to be seen.

The surrounding environment was quiet and indifferent.

From the bustling and active streets from the outside, this environment was completely different. And from Ye Qingyu’s imagination of a gold residence, where sensual pleasure was everywhere, dancing and music everywhere, this [Mist Residence] was also largely different.

The leading black warrior always remained silent. His footsteps were neither fast nor slow, only after walking for around five minutes did he go in a passageway, reaching the ends of this corridor. They were in front of a scarlet red door.

“We have arrived.”

The black-clothed warrior stopped his footsteps.

Ye Qingyu looked at the scarlet red door.

But the black-clothed warrior did not push open the door to enter. He took a seal from somewhere on his clothing and pressed it light on the left of the grey wall of the door. In the flickering glimmer, a ripple-like pattern began vibrating, and there was a silver formation like that of a silver dragon activating. Light covering the entrance.

The wall was a formation.

“Young lord Ye, please.” The warrior did not enter, but greeted Ye Qingyu instead.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, then immediately said in surprise, “So you’ve long recognized me?”

“Your formation image, I have at least seen over a hundred times. So even if in the moment you entered you wore garments that covered your face, but from your atmosphere and the figure of your body, I was able to recognize your identity.” The tone of the warrior with black clothing was exceeding respectful. “Young lord Ye, please enter. Superior Wang has already been waiting for you.”

Ye Qingyu’s heart became even more shocked.

However, he did not ask too much. He took one step into the rippling wall, as if it was just like a water screen, passing straight through. A cool and refreshing feeling directly hit his face, as if he was washing in the midst of water. His body became slightly weightless, just like his first time entering the formation teleportation in the practical battle training.

After a breath of time, Ye Qingyu felt his eyes blurring. The scenery had completely changed.

As if it was another world entirely.

Pools.

Fake mountain.

Fountains.

Fragments of snow were floating in the air, and the pool and springs had already frozen.

At the end of the corridor and under the pavilion, a person wearing a white imperial dress was there. She silently stood with her back facing Ye Qingyu. A cold icy wind blew past, her blue green hair lightly swaying. As if it was a figure independent from the world. Ye Qingyu vaguely felt, that this silhouette was familiar. As if he had seen her somewhere before.

“So you’ve come.”

A familiar voice was heard.

It was the voice of Wang Yan.

Ye Qingyu let out a breath of relief, about to say something…

But the figure with imperial clothing turned around. Ye Qingyu was taken aback, then his mouth widened in stunned disbelief.

Because her face was absolutely not the ordinary appearance of Wang Yan.

It was a peerless and unmatched face, an exceptional beauty.

Ye Qingyu did not know how to describe the woman in front of him. She was around twenty years of age, and was namely in the period that a woman was most gorgeous. Her skin was like white jade, without the slightest hint of imperfection. Her hair was like the clouds, her skin like jade. As if she was the creator’s favourite. Every part of her face, every curve of her figure, was as if it was sculpted from the most perfect and most astounding ratio. Without exaggerating in the slightest, the woman in front of her was absolutely the most beautiful woman Ye Qingyu had ever seen.

“What, you don’t recognize me?” A trace of mischievousness flashed in the eyes of this imperial-clothed beauty.

A very familiar voice.

It was the voice of Wang Yan.

But that face… just what was happening?

The questions in Ye Qingyu’s eyes became even more.

“What? Not long ago, we had just met?” the peerless beauty said laughingly.

Ye Qingyu became even more confused.

Where had they seen before?

That’s right, that figure…

Immediately, a bolt of lightning flashed by in his mind.

Ye Qingyu suddenly realized, the reason for the shocking sensation of familiarity when he saw the silhouette of this woman. Because this atmosphere and figure was evidently the unmatched expert, Wang Jianru that sliced apart the sky high above in Deer City.

That day, the cold light of the sword tore apart space and split apart the gloomy clouds. The peerless sword immortal stood alone, shocking countless lifeforms within Deer City. At the last moment, when the sky cleared, it was as if a fairy descended to the mortal realm. She was deeply imprinted within the hearts and souls of countless martial artists.

Ye Qingyu at that time was gazing into the sky, deeply storing away such a moment.

And at the time when he saw the back of this figure, his heart was as if fiercely struck by something. He subconsciously thought he recognized that figure. And at the time when he slightly recovered, he realized that the peerless beauty in front of him— was she not the person standing above all life in the sky on that day, the unmatched sword immortal?

But why was her voice exactly the same as Wang Yan?

Could it be?

Ye Qingyu’s heart could not help but begin beating madly.

*attract attention by doing something superfluous **without any gifts and presents

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 103:


Chapter 103 – The City of Unmoving Darkness

Wang Yan was Wang Jianru?

Ye Qingyu suddenly realized this key point.

Then he could only feel a spell of dizziness. He could not believe in his own guess.

That person standing independently on the blue dome of heaven, as if she was a female immortal overlooking all living things. That person controlling the [Splitting Heaven sword will], that female sword immortal that sliced apart the demonic black clouds shrouding the entire sky, that person… that person, was the head teacher of the first year of White Deer Academy?

This was completely inconceivable.

If he had not seen everything in front of him with his own eyes and that Ye Qingyu would genuinely come to such a conclusion of his own volition, he would not even in his dreams connect the two together. Because the two had absolutely nothing in common.

Previously, Ye Qingyu had vaguely felt that the strength of Wang Yan was very strong. But even in Ye Qingyu’s most positive estimation, even if Wang Yan’s strength was greater, her level was at most at the early stages of the Bitter Sea stage. He did not think that it would reach such a stage.

“It seems that from your appearance, you seem to have thought through several problems. Then I don’t need to waste my breath.” Wang Jianru’s face had a faint smile as she looked at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu fiercely swallowed a mouthful of saliva, disguising the shock in his heart. Shaking his head slightly to make himself more clear headed he asked with a bitter smile, “Then right now should I call you head teacher Wang Yan or the sword immortal Wang Jianru?”

“A name is only a name. Nothing more, nothing less,” Wang Jianru said with a smile. “Ten years ago I was called Wang Jianru, and in these ten years I am called Wang Yan. What is the difference? In the end, I am me.”

Ye Qingyu seemed to have understood something. He asked again, “Then… which is your real appearance? Was the person who was at White Deer Academy the true you?”

Wang Jianru began cackling in delight. “Why don’t you guess?” Not waiting for Ye Qingyu’s response, she answered her own question, “Of course the appearance right now is the true me. Kekekeke, you really thing a woman such as me with peerless strength, would be as ugly as Wang Yan?”

Sister, you are too self-confident.

Ye Qingyu silently cursed at her in his heart.

But at this time, he was able to guess just what had happened. Wang Yan should have used some sort of technique to change her facial appearance, transforming the way she looked. Because her strength was high and her method was profound, other people did not see through her disguise.

If this was known to the fellows of first year of White Deer Academy, that what they normally thought as the middle-aged housewife Wang Yan was Wang Jianru, what would their reaction be? If they knew that her true identity was the peerless sword immortal Wang Jianru, who knew what kind of stunned expression would they display. And those students that had nearly slept in her lessons due to her ordinary appearance, would they be so regretful that they would begin to weep?

There were still many questions in his heart.

But Ye Qingyu did not continue asking on.

Because after a short stunned moment, Ye Qingyu recovered very quickly and realized.

He suddenly realized that the person standing in front of him was no longer that middle-aged woman of White Deer Academy. It was a top expert that was enough to shake the entire Deer City.

A true top expert.

Although for some reason this top expert had hidden her true colours. But an expert possessed the temperament of an expert. As to why Wang Jianru would hide herself within White Deer Academy for ten years, she must have her own reasons and motives. Perhaps it involved many secrets. It was not something that he was capable of interfering in – this was also the reason that he did not try to understand.

In many situations, knowing too much was not a good thing at all.

“Where’s Xiaojun?” Ye Qingyu changed the subject. “Is she fine?”

Wang Jianru gave Ye Qingyu a glare then said, “How can she be fine? The situation that the little girl is in is very dangerous, otherwise why would I hide here? The battle on that day, did you not see it?”

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth asking again, “The person that day controlling the black clouds that shrouded the sky, that expert is here to kill the little loli? Then the girl of darkness he mentioned, could it be…”

“She is Xiaojun.” The facial features of Wang Jianru became serious. “The girl of darkness of the City of Unmoving Darkness has finally awakened the bloodline within her. Do you still remember the energy that appeared within her during the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]?”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

Xiaojun, within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], as a result of Xia Houwu’s betrayal, became extremely enraged. Without any warnings, her body exploded with an abnormal and powerful energy. From a distance of over five hundred meters away, she destroyed a protector statue with just one strike. At that time Ye Qingyu was also stunned, because even if it was he himself, he could not from so far away destroy a protector statue.

The power that appeared within Song Xiaojun’s body fluctuated with a scarlet red light. As if it was an apocalyptic monster that had awakened from within the depths of the abyss, it caused one’s soul to unwillingly shiver in fear. It was absolutely not a power that belonged to the light.

The Unmoving City of Darkness. This was the first time Ye Qingyu had heard such a name.

Unmoving City of Darkness.

The girl of darkness!

Just simply these two names made someone feel as if they were within an endless abyss of darkness. The horrifying sensation of being stifled by a terrible atmosphere made one unable to breath.

“Someone wants to act against the little loli?” Ye Qingyu carefully asked.

Wang Jianru nodded her head. “It’s not just someone… Every righteous person in this entire world wants to kill her. Apart from the royal family of Snow Country, within Heaven Wasteland domain, every martial power within the human race wants to destroy her, root and branch. The one school, three sects and four great ancestral families and other small and large factions all wants to kill her. Even the Demon Court of Heaven Wasteland wants to eliminate Xiaojun.”

Ye Qingyu felt like his heart was fiercely struck by something.

He felt his throat was somewhat dry. He could not stop asking, “Just what kind of place is the City of Unmoving Darkness? Why would it have so many enemies?”

“A place that has left light. A place that even the Demon Race fears. A places that is situated between darkness and light. A place that has once travelled through countless domains. A place… A place that is like a puzzle.” Wang Jianru seemed as if she was immersed in some sort of memory. After a while, she lightly said, “Fine, the words that I should say have already been said. The condition of the little loli is not that good, go see her. Perhaps this is the last time you will be able to meet her.”

“Our last meeting?” Ye Qingyu was frightened. “Your meaning, could it be…”

“Deer City is not a completely safe place. I need to bring her away,” Wang Jianru said in a small voice. “In truth, we should have long left. If not for the fact that Xiaojun is willing to risk such a danger to remain to see you, we would not have remained.”

When she spoke, Ye Qingyu could vaguely see in the eyes of this female sword immortal that there was indecision and confusion. But in an instant, she became incomparably determined.

Ye Qingyu did not know what to say.

He followed along the area that Wang Jianru was pointing to, passing through a long water pavilion passageway. He came to be in front of an ordinary wooden house.

As he opened the door of the house, the dim light from outside shined in.

Ye Qingyu saw the person he wanted to see in the first instant.

On the willow bed, the little loli Song Xiaojun was leaning against a large pillow, lying down with a delighted smile on her face. Her body was covered with thick quilts, as if she was a gentle and agreeable little kitten that was currently sick. Her eyes that were thin and pallid, brightened with surprise and happiness when she saw Ye Qingyu arriving.

Compared to their last meeting, the little loli was much skinnier.

Her previous baby fat had gone, her face so skinny that bones were able to be seen. Her temple was somewhat sunken in. The originally thick jet black hair that seemed to glimmer with light was now somewhat yellow and dim, dried out and seeming to curl slightly. The little hand that was exposed outside of the quilts did not possess its usual vitality. It had withered till it was like the claw of a bird, the skin tightly hugging the bones, blue veins clearly able to be seen…

Ye Qingyu’s heart at this instant tightly clenched together. He felt something painful in his chest.

Just what had happened in these few days on the body of the little loli, that made her so haggard? As if her life force was about to be expended, as if she was a flower that was about to wither.

“Brother Qingyu!” On the face of the little loli, there was a joyful expression. “You’ve finally come. I’m too happy.”

She struggled to sit up.

But evidently her body was too weak, without the slightest shred of strength remaining. Only moving slightly made her once again lean back on her pillow, panting for breath.

“Don’t move.” Ye Qingyu quickly rushed beside the bed, supporting the little girl.

As his palm touched this delicate body, he felt as if this did not have any weight behind it. The heart of Demon King Ye could not help grieve. He could not even imagine, in these past days, just what kind of torture the little loli had experienced that would make a martial artist of the Spirit spring stage weaken to such an extent.

“Just what has happened?” Ye Qingyu painfully asked. “Your body… why has it become like this?”

The little loli difficultly used her head to rub against Ye Qingyu’s arm, displaying a dazzling smile. “I’m fine. Don’t be sad brother Qingyu. It’s only that a strange and hateful energy is activating within my body, wanting to possess my body. I need to expend a great deal of strength to temporarily suppress it… Sister Jianru once said to me, this is a good thing for me. Because once I become used to such a power, I can ascend to heaven with one step, becoming a peerless expert.”

“A strange power?” Ye Qingyu thought of something. “Is it that type of power that appeared within the battlefield?”

The little loli obediently nodded her head.

And at this time, the colour of the little loli’s face suddenly changed. Her face became incomparably pale, her body suddenly started to shake.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, then saw a bizarre scene—

Scarlet lines upon scarlet lines, appeared under the little loli’s deathly pale skin. As if it was frantic water snakes crazily extending everywhere, more and more appeared with it becoming more concentrated. The originally blue veins became scarlet red, the peculiar lines crawling towards the little pallid face of the little loli. As if she was suffering from some kind of horrifying poison…

A scarlet red aura began emitting from within the body of the little loli.

Ye Qingyu felt that he was facing a bottomless abyss of darkness. The humongous pressure made him somewhat unable to breath, his heart as if it was being tightly clenched by an invisible hand of darkness, wanting to reap his heart from his chest.

“Huchi Huchi!”

The silly dog Big Head immediately awakened from his sweet sleep.

As if he was a bolt of lightning, he jumped out from Ye Qingyu’s embrace. His two hind legs stomped with a strange rhythm, staring at the little loli with both anger and fear. An urgent voice emitting from his mouth. He drew back the corners of his mouth, his throat moving up and down. A ferocious appearance, as if he was about to choose someone to take his rage out on.

This was the first time that Ye Qingyu had seen the stupid dog display such a ferocious appearance.

“Be quiet, return.” Ye Qingyu was deathly afraid that this stupid dog would really rush forward and attack. He grabbed the silly dog Big Head, covering his mouth and once again bringing him back into his embrace.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 104:


Chapter 104 – I Will Come Find You

The little loli seemed as if she was suffering from a huge pain.

Her delicate little body began madly shaking. Beads of sweat the size of beans dripped from her forehead. In the blink of an eye, her body was completely drenched with sweat, as if she had just been in a rainstorm. The quilts covering her were completely wet with water. This scene was too terrifying. As if a force that was indescribably powerful wanted to reap the life force within the little loli’s body and squeeze every drop of it out like water.

The scarlet red lines had already spread throughout her entire body.

The blood vessels on her skin seemed to have been taken over by some sort of energy that wanted to explode from her muscles. As if something was travelling up and down through her blood vessels, the veins began drumming and beating. Very quickly, the skin of the little loli became scarlet red.

The little loli entered into a state of unconsciousness. She could not sense anything happening around her anymore.

Ye Qingyu extended his hand towards her, then slowly dropped it.

He did not know what he could do.

Without knowing when, Wang Jianru had appeared without any signs by the bed side.

“The power of darkness is activating with much higher frequency. Without long to go, her blood will be completely swallowed by the power of darkness and she will become the true girl of darkness.” Wang Jianru’s solemn face had a strange expression, as if she did not know whether to feel regret or expectation. “You don’t need to worry for Xiaojun. Nothing will happen to her. The bloodline of darkness is her natural born power; it will not harm her life.”

“But right now, she seems to be in great pain…” Ye Qingyu could not bear to watch this.

Wang Jianru had a peculiar expression in her eyes as she glared at Ye Qingyu. “The reason she is feeling pain is because she is resisting against the power of darkness. She does not want to accept such a power; she does not want to abandon her original identity. Otherwise, the little girl would not be in such a sorry state like now… The regretful thing is, even if she does not accept such a power, she will still be chased after by the entire Human and Demon Race. Because no matter whether it is the Demon Race or the Human Race, they will absolutely not allow a descendant that holds the bloodline of the Unmoving City of Darkness to exist.”

“And if she decides to accept the power of darkness?” Ye Qingyu asked again.

“Then her strength will travel a thousand miles in one single leap. Even if she does not train, her strength will crazily grow along with time. To other people, realms that they cannot reach in their lifetime, to her is only a matter of time. Spirit spring stage, Bitter Sea stage, Immortal stage… She can easily pass those realms,” Wang Jianru said in a light voice. “There is only one requirement and that is she has to remain alive.”

Ye Qingyu remained silent for a while. “Then let her accept the power of darkness. At least then she will have the power to protect herself.”

Wang Jianru looked at Ye Qingyu, her tone slightly surprised. “An unexpected proposal. Will you not mind, that after accepting the power of darkness, she will truly become a monster that walks in the darkness?”

Ye Qingyu shook his head. “In a choice to allow my friend to live and become a monster or not become a monster and be killed, I will always choose the former. Because as long as she lives on, then there will forever be hope.”

“Somewhat interesting.” Wang Jianru began laughing. “Ye Qingyu, I have always felt that you were a student different from the others. From your words right now, I was not wrong in my evaluation.”

Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

Wang Jianru continued, “Your words just now, I have already said this to Xiaojun. But it’s a pity that the little loli does not want to become a monster. Even if ultimately she cannot decide, at least until the moment she can control her body and thoughts, she wants to remain the silly and clumsy Song Xiaojun and not the Song Xiaojun that is unstoppable and powerful… Do you know why?”

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

“Because of you.” Wang Jianru sighed with regret.

“Because of me?” Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

“That’s right, because of you,” Wang Jianru said, slowly pronouncing each word. “After she becomes a monster, everything in the past will be broken. Everything that has happened will disperse like clouds and smoke. She will forget everything. Once her bloodline of darkness explodes, the memories in her blood will awaken. She will know many things of the past, and will forget everything that has happened. Including you.”

Such a thing would happen.

Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded.

“Perhaps you do not realize how important you are in the little loli’s life. In these many years, her first strand of sunshine was your faint smile. Apart from her mother, you are her closest family.” Wang Jianru looked at Ye Qingyu, as if she had thought of something, sighing again. “Everything seems as if it has already been predetermined in this world. Perhaps meeting you in White Deer Academy was the fated crisis of the little girl.”

Ye Qingyu did not know what to say in response to this.

He knew that when he was together with the little loli, he was very happy. But he had never thought that he was so important to the little loli.

Even though she had only gone through ten years of life or so, but the fate of forgetting everything was still far too cruel.

No wonder the little loli did not wish to accept such a power.

But Ye Qingyu still felt that only by living on was there still hope and possibility. What was forgotten could be remembered, but once dead there was no method of coming back to life.

“The mother of Xiaojun? Does she know the state of Xiaojun?” Ye Qingyu asked.

Wang Jianru lightly shook her head. “She is only a normal person, a very ordinary normal person. For many of the powers high up and above, such a person is tiny and unnoticeable. If not for her birthing a girl that possesses the bloodline darkness, she would not even appear in the sight of the different factions. After Xiaojun has received the power of darkness, she will even forget her own mother. From all aspects, such a woman has no value.”

“But she is the mother of Xiaojun, her biological mother,” Ye Qingyu defended against this point.

Wang Jianru remained silent for a while, then said, “Do you know, if not for Xiaojun’s stubborn insistence, you would not even appear here today. You would not see Xiaojun again. And the commoner concubine that was bullied and disregarded by the Song family would not receive the proper arrangements… You need not worry. The mother of Xiaojun has already been given the proper treatment. She will safely live out the rest of her life and will not be in any danger.”

Ye Qingyu thought for a while. “Then right now, should I leave?”

Wang Jianru nodded her head. “You really should leave. What you should know you already know, and what you should see you have already seen. The longer you stay here, the more in danger you will be. You cannot even imagine how dangerous and terrifying the enemies of Xiaojun are. They exist nearly everywhere. In this world, there is nowhere that they cannot be found. The [Mist Residence] will not be hidden for too long, and will be exposed sooner or later… In truth, Ye Qingyu, I have high expectations for you. Perhaps in the future, you can become an existence that can shake the entire Deer Mountain Range and even the Snow Country. This is the reason apart from you being close to Xiaojun, that I have always treated you specially within the academy. Leave, I don’t want such a talent to be dragged into a vortex that you should not be responsible for. If not for Xiaojun’s insistence, I would not even allow you to appear here in this place.”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

Everything that had happened today made Ye Qingyu feel like this was a parting between life and death.

His feet seemed to have stuck to the ground. No matter how much force he used, he could not lift them.

Ye Qingyu’s gaze, landed on the frail body emitting a scarlet red radiance that was quaking frantically. His heart was dripping blood. Time and space seemed to freeze in this instant. Beside his ear a faintly discernible voice suddenly sounded with an innocent and unaffected voice, “Are you senior brother Ye Qingyu?”

These words were said in that dazzling early morning with the air of excitement still permeating the air. Within the school grounds of White Deer Academy. The little loli that, because of her large robes, had tripped on the ground. Her golden and glittering smile as she jumped and laughed in front of him.

It was the first meeting of these two. Their first words.

In Ye Qingyu’s mind, many, many scenes constantly flashed past.

Within the black [Grievance Hall], the little fellow that was as lively as a rabbit appearing. As she rubbed her head, she said in a huff, ‘I really just missed you too much, brother Qingyu…’

Under the girl’s dormitory, this energetic and hopping little girl, like a swallow that did not care about anything had rushed into his embrace. Using her head to rub his arm with a laugh, asking with a delighted smile, ‘Brother Qingyu, did you come here to look for me?’

And in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], as she killed the demon rune soldiers while she muttered in anger, ‘Brother Qingyu lied to me. He said he would come find us, but he still hasn’t appeared…’

Also…

The scenes of their meetings, image after image blurred in front of his eyes.

Ye Qingyu could not help but feel the corners of his eyes moisten.

The agony and anguish of completely losing a family, Ye Qingyu had already experienced four years ago. He had never thought that four years later, after he had adjusted to his new life with difficulty, he would ever shed a tear again in his life. But right now, was he about to experience the pain of his heart drilling apart once again?

As he turned around and took a step, Ye Qingyu suddenly thought of something, turning back.

“Little girl, this is my present to you.” Ye Qingyu came over and brought the little toy bear he had bought today at the stand. He gently placed it next to the hand of the little loli who had already entered into a state of unconsciousness.

If he knew that today represented their departure, Ye Qingyu would have definitely seriously chosen a better present.

As he looked at the face of the little loli, he seriously imprinted this haggard and pallid face into his soul. Using a tone akin to making an oath, Ye Qingyu said slowly, pronouncing each word to its fullest, “Little girl, live on. Accept the power that comes from your blood… I will definitely remember you, no matter what you turn into. I will forever be your brother Qingyu. I will definitely come find you, to make you remember me once again.”

As he finished, he looked towards Wang Jianru, his tone determined, “I need to know, just where Xiaojun’s mother has been placed.”

Wang Jianru instantly understood Ye Qingyu’s intention.

She hesitated for a moment, then nodded her head. “You will know.”

Ye Qingyu said his thanks, then turned and left.

He did not ask just who Wang Jianru actually was, or why she did her utmost to protect Song Xiaojun, or whether there were any other people. He did not even ask, from today onwards, just where Wang Jianru would bring the little loli… these questions were completely meaningless.

Ye Qingyu knew deep within his heart, in this world, only with strength could one ultimately solve everything.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

