Chapter 173:


Chapter 174 – Speak, Just What is This?

Ye Qingyu was able to obtain lots of information in his conversation with the [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing.

A point that made him pay particular attention to, was that the entire Empire and the great [Army of Youyan Pass], was currently preparing to retaliate against the Demon Race. They wanted to completely reverse the situation of the last ten years, and launch a frontal assault against the Snow Ground Demon Court.

Without question, this was a matter that would affect the entire fate of the Empire. It was a battle that was related to the fate of everyone from top to bottom in Snow Empire. Once they were able to completely destroy the Snow Ground Demon Court according to the plans of the army of the Empire, then Snow Empire would no longer have any opponents in the entire Heaven Wasteland domain. They could rule entirely over Heaven Wasteland domain.

Ye Qingyu faintly felt that a vast and tremulous era was about to open in front of him.

He did not like war.

But such matters were not for him to decide.

Right now, what he needed do was raise his strength greatly. Before the descent of battle, he had to increase his ability to protect himself. This was the most important thing.

As for the bestowal of Marquis by the military, Ye Qingyu did not care about this at all.

In reality, he did not have too much interest in the title of Marquis that he obtained through his contributions.

The reason he had enlisted in the army at Youyan Pass was partly due to the fact that he did not want to see the plots and schemes between the nobles and commoners at White Deer Academy. The other part was that he wanted to train and refine himself within the military.

From Ye Qingyu’s perspective, a person’s personal strength was the only factor that could be used to decide their own fate and status.

Just now, in the words between him and Liu Yuqing, Ye Qingyu had roughly described how he had managed escaped. Of course, he did not say anything regarding the Snow Dragon cemetery and the mysterious illusive figure, [Supreme Ice flame], [Dragon’s Fang Submerged in Blood], etc. These were issues that would not affect the interest of the great [Army of Youyan Pass]. Furthermore, Ye Qingyu faintly felt, that right now, for the time being, this should only be known by himself.

As for whether Mister Liu believed and how much he believed, this was not something Ye Qingyu cared about.

No matter what, he had a clear conscience.

As he slowly sorted his muddled thoughts, Ye Qingyu’s heart gradually began to settle down.

He began to activate the nameless breathing technique, cultivating his yuan qi.

After breaking to the twenty Spirit springs stage, through Ye Qingyu’s forceful suppression, the ancient Bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart] did not further refine his yuan qi. Right now, this was the moment for this to happen.

Ye Qingyu’s consciousness used inner vision.

With his dantian world, the twenty Spirit springs were distributed in the vast desert world, like twenty bright pearls embedded within the desert. It formed little lakes thousands of kilometers long. There was silver mist constantly forming from the springs that steamed up, like a tornado sweeping through the air. Ultimately, it transformed into twenty strands of inner yuan that flowed through Ye Qingyu’s body and meridians, like rivers and lakes. It constantly nourished Ye Qingyu’s body, beneficially changing Ye Qingyu’s body for the better at every minute and at every second.

And in the very center of this desert world in his dantian, a silver flame, as if it was the sun, was currently burning, shining in all directions.

This was the [Supreme Ice flame].

“The mysterious person has helped me assimilate the [Supreme Ice flame] to its beginning stages. But he has only allowed my fleshly body to get used to it, and for it not to destroy my body. This does not represent that I can utterly control and use it as I will. I need to slowly refine it step by step. When the [Supreme Ice flame] has completely combined with my inner yuan, only then can I fully use the [Supreme Ice flame] and explode with the ultimate pinnacle cold power…”

Ye Qingyu comprehended in his heart.

But he was not in a rush.

Training in martial arts was like sailing. It could not be rushed no matter what.

His consciousness retreated from the desert dantian world. Ye Qingyu used inner vision on his sea of consciousness.

It was time for him to allow the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] to purify his inner yuan and return it to himself.

The ancient Bronze book emitted a radiance, floating within his sea of consciousness.

He activated his inner yuan, removing his suppression and activating the Bronze book.

He could see as if the Bronze book had awakened from its slumber. The pages quivered slightly, then a bronze radiance emitted. Instantly, a powerful suction absorbed the yuan power around Ye Qingyu, then headed crazily towards the ancient book. At this moment the ancient Bronze book was as if it was alive. Like a whale sucking water, it completely absorbed the inner yuan of Ye Qingyu. Even if Ye Qingyu did not use inner vision anymore, he could clearly feel that his yuan qi was like an absolute mountain avalanche that rushed madly towards the Bronze book.

Ye Qingyu maintained his consciousness, observing all that happened.

Such a matter, had already occurred several times already. In his heart he was calm, not feeling strange at all.

After a whole hour , the ancient Bronze book had completely sucked dry all the yuan qi in Ye Qingyu’s body.

Then began the repayment.

Incomparably pure yuan qi rushed out from within the Bronze book. According to the path it came from, it headed towards Ye Qingyu’s body, roaring past every meridian.

Within such a process, Ye Qingyu’s body emitted a noise like that of a rumbling great river. This was the yuan qi travelling at high speed, rumbling like a meteor. It was rumoured that only experts who had cultivated to the Bitter Sea stage would cause such a scene when they activated their inner yuan. For Ye Qingyu to be able to do this, it was evident just how powerful and surging his inner yuan was.

Such a process continued for two hours.

Repayment was finished.

Ye Qingyu felt his body unprecedentedly comfortable.

The inner yuan in his body flowed naturally, like the river roaring past, flowing through his meridians, growing and multiplying without end. Circulating and completing a whole cycle. His strength, even if he did not pay particular attention to training, would also naturally rise. Cultivating had already become an instinctive action of his body.

Ye Qingyu deeply breathed in air, summoning the Bronze book and flipping through the pages.

Every time refinement occurred, there would be new contents unlocked in the Bronze book.

“I wonder what part of the Bronze book would be unlocked. Is it a technique, or is it a strange object?”

Ye Qingyu waited expectantly in his heart.

He began serious translating.

Five minutes later, Ye Qingyu closed the book.

“The section unlocked this time is a cultivation technique, called [Grass Wood Heaven Yuan Power]. It’s able to control the surrounding vegetation to do battle. It seems to be not bad, but it does not have much use for me. The yuan qi cultivation techniques that belong to wood of the five attributes is not suitable for me to cultivate. Furthermore, in a battle environment like the Explosive Snow Glacier, controlling vegetation using such a cultivation technique was useless. There were far, far too little plants in a world of snow and ice…”

Ye Qingyu was slightly disappointed.

But after thinking over it, this was normal.

Within the ancient Bronze book , there were many bizarre and unknown techniques contained within. It was not that every time he unlocked it, there would be content that was suitable for his cultivation. Furthermore after his [Spirit Raise] had undergone successfully, the Ye Qingyu who had chosen an ice attribute, had even stricter requirements towards cultivation techniques. His field of choice became much narrower.

“This cultivation technique, I can temporarily put aside.”

Ye Qingyu would not cultivated in the [Grass Wood Heaven Yuan Power].

He brought the Bronze book back into his sea of consciousness. When he was about to continue cultivating, suddenly there was something that knocked into himself from behind.

Ye Qingyu turned around and looked and was shocked.

The silly dog Little Nine, without knowing when, had soundlessly crawled behind his back.

The glutton lay on the floor, his limbs twitching, and white foam dripping from the corner of his mouth. His large eyes were completely showing white, as if he had been poisoned. He vomited white foam and dry heaved, but could not vomit anything. His body was bent into an arc, twitching and quivering.

“What is it?” Ye Qingyu quickly rushed over to carry him.

“Disgusting, I want to vomit…” The silly dog Little Nine said without any strength. “Master, my tummy hurts.”

“What has happened?” Ye Qingyu seeing Little Nine’s appearance, his heart was hurt but at the same time he also felt bewilderment: “You were fine just now… could it be you have caught a cold? Or perhaps you have eaten something bad?”

This glutton had always eaten everything. Even that [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] had been eaten alive by him. He had never seen Little Nine in such a state before.

“Don’t know. It hurts…” Little Nine said weakly, his mouth spitting out white foam again.

Ye Qingyu did not know what do.

“Go, let’s go see the vet. I don’t know whether there are any vets within the city!” Ye Qingyu was in a panic.

Even though normally this glutton was not particularly pleasant to the eye, but after being together so closely for so long, in reality deep feelings had already been born in his heart. Little Nine was equal to his family. Seeing Little Nine suddenly in such a state, Ye Qingyu’s heart was in pain.

“It’s hard to bear… ugh…” Little Nine suddenly spat out a pale green liquid from his mouth.

A strange fragrance, suddenly wafted throughout the entire room.

Sssssssss!

A strange noise came.

When the green liquid landed on the floor, it instantly completely melted the boulder-like stone floor. Like metal being dissolved, a strange noise came out, the rock emitting white smoke, and a large hole appeared.

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt an acute pain from his arm.

His arm had lightly touched upon a little bit of the pale liquid Little Nine emitted. Instantly his skin had been completely dissolved, and his flesh also. One was able to see the pearly white bone inside his arm.

“Just what is this?” Ye Qingyu was greatly alarmed. “His digestive juices? This is far too terrifying; this is acidic enough to dissolve any metal. My fleshly body is so strong that even Spirit weapons would be hard pressed to hurt me. For it to have been instantly dissolved by this green liquid?”

He quickly activated a strand of [Supreme Ice flame] to envelop the back of his hand. Only then could he get rid of the pale green liquid.

And right now Little Nine looked like he was on his last breath, doing his utmost dryly heaving.

“Master, it hurts, hurts…” the Little fellow said pitifully towards Ye Qingyu.

“Endure it a little, I’ll bring you the vet right now!” Ye Qingyu said, activating his White Horse wings and was about to rush out from the window.

At this moment—

“Pok!”

Little Nine suddenly madly vomited.

Large quantities of the pale green liquid were vomited out.

What followed after was a noise of something dropping, then one could hear something white was vomited from his mouth, falling to the floor. Rolling about in the green stomach acid, it was completely unharmed. The acid was not able to dissolve in the slightest. It emitted a pale white silver colour, and a strange ice aura instantly enveloped the entire room.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

He felt that this white oval object was somewhat familiar.

Carefully inspecting.

“Eh? Isn’t this the Snow Dragon egg?”

Ye Qingyu was slightly shocked.

This oval white thing was evidently the mysterious Snow Dragon egg he had seen in the cemetery of the Snow Dragons.

Ye Qingyu evidently recalled at that moment he had clearly returned this Snow Dragon egg beneath the ice crystal coffin and into the ice crystal bird’s nest within. Why was it that it would suddenly vomit from the mouth of the silly dog Little Nine?

Could it be?

Right now, he could already see Little Nine immediately recover his vitality and life force. The white foam at the corner of his mouth had already disappeared, and he madly jumped from the ground. His previous painful state had completely disappeared. He excitedly barked and shouted, “Woof woof, woof? It doesn’t hurt anymore? Woof is good again? This is too strange, my tummy is completely right again… Thank you, master!”

He rubbed his head against Ye Qingyu’s leg, doing his utmost to be adorable.

Ye Qingyu immediately had a dark face. Looking at Little Nine, he then pointed at the Snow Dragon egg again, “Speak, just what is this?”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 174:


Chapter 175 – Let’s Discuss Things First

Little Nine blinked his eyes, staring innocently at Ye Qingyu. “Master, what are you saying? Little Nine doesn’t understand.”

“Stop pretending in front of me.” Ye Qingyu had a dark face. “Just what is this egg? Did I not put it back already?”

“What egg? Little Nine was dumbfounded, then followed along to the direction Ye Qingyu’s finger was pointing to, and instantly began jumping up in shock. He had a face of bewilderment as he said, “Eh? This is too strange why is it there is an egg in here? This egg is very familiar, as if I’ve seen it some place before…”

Ye Qingyu’s face turned darker and darker.

A faint killing intent began spreading through the air.

Little Nine lowered his head, as if he had suddenly thought of something. “Woof, master, I suddenly thought of something that I still have yet to do. Master you have to obediently train, bye bye Master, I’ll leave first and I won’t bother you!”

As he said this, he turned around and was about to jump out from the window.

“You little rotten scoundrel. Pretending to be confused are you. You want to leave?” Ye Qingyu lifted his hand, grabbing at the hind legs of the little white ball, dragging him back. Pointing at the white-coloured Snow Dragon egg, “I’ve evidently placed it back, to have sneakily eaten it when I was not paying attention? No wonder your stomach was hurting, to have eaten a big icy lump in your stomach, could you be comfortable? You little brat is really capable, just when did you swallow this Snow Dragon egg, for me not to have noticed!”

Little Nine paws madly scrambled in the air, saying in a wronged tone, “Master, it hurts, quickly release me… you’ve made a mistake, this is not that egg, this is the egg I gave birth to!”

Ye Qingyu, “…”

“You can even tell such a lie.” Ye Qingyu was completely speechless. “Let’s see you give birth to another egg then.”

Little Nine, seeing that he had no way to explain himself, crisply decided not to explain himself. His watery eyes looked at Ye Qingyu, his tender little tongue sticking out, panting and pretending to be adorable. “Master, woof is so cute. I’ve only eaten a dragon egg, I’ve already vomited it out. How could you still want to punish me?”

Ye Qingyu, “…”

Just what kind of battle companion had I raised.

At this moment—

Crack crack!

The snow white dragon egg that was on the ground, a minute crack suddenly appeared on its surface.

Ye Qingyu and Little Nine looked at each other. All four of their eyes displayed surprise.

The egg had cracked?

The thing inside was about to come out?

Crack crack crack!

Fracture after fracture constantly appeared on the egg shell.

A white-coloured claw, broke apart through the egg shell and slowly stretched outside.

Was it really going to be born?

Would it be a little Snow Dragon?

Or perhaps some other creature?

Ye Qingyu and Little Nine jumped in front of the egg shell, their eyes fixated.

Crack!

A piece of the white shell was broken apart by a claw.

Through the gap of the egg shell, they could see a pair of beautiful little silver eyes staring outside. Bringing with it curiosity, bringing with it fear, bringing with it yearning, it was currently looking towards the outside. No matter what the life form, the moment it was born, it would have such an expression.

Ye Qingyu was about to come nearer and have an even closer look…

Xiu!

A streak of white light broke apart from the shell of the egg.

“Yiya…”

The white light emitted a strange noise, encircling around Ye Qingyu and Little Nine. Its weak voice was filled with adorableness, and finally the brightness of the white light dimmed, floating in front of Ye Qingyu.

It was a little silver dragon that was the size of a finger.

This little silver dragon was as if it was sculpted from ice crystal, his body emitting a faint white light. It’s dragon scales were tight and clustered, sparking with a radiance, as if it was a divine jade ice crystal. Its four little claws were sharp, its tail faintly moving. Budding little horns, its eyes black and white, like embedded minerals, extremely adorable. From top to bottom, there were no imperfections on its body.

“Yiya. Yiya yiya…”

Naughty sounds came out from the mouth of the little dragon, its eyes curiously regarding left and right. Sometimes looking at Ye Qingyu, sometimes looking at Little Nine, it seemed to be doing its utmost to discern something.

It was said that after a creature had been born, the first life form it sees, it would treat it as if they were their parents.

The little silver dragon, could it be that it was doing its best to distinguish its parents?

From its outer appearance, this should be a little Snow Dragon?

Ye Qingyu was able to sense from the body of this little fellow, a faint icy cold. It was extremely similar from the air exhaled from the slumbering Snow Dragon King, but also somewhat slightly different. Snow Dragons were the descendants of the dragon race, and it was said that the more their outer appearance was like that of ancient dragons, then this represented the purer their dragon bloodline was. And in reality, this was so. In the Snow Dragons Ye Qingyu had seen, the higher their strength the more they were like the legendary dragons.

And the finger thick little silver dragon in front of him was exactly the same as the pure dragon race the ancient books had described.

“Could it that the bloodline of this little fellow has returned to his ancestors?” Ye Qingyu’s heart was faintly moved.

If there were signs that it had returned to its ancestral roots, this meant that the dragon bloodline within the body of the little silver dragon was extremely pure. It was very possible that it had already exceeded the normal level of a Snow Dragon.

Ye Qingyu slowly stretched out his palm.

“Come, little fellow. Who would have thought that the moment you were born, you would be a little Snow Dragon King.” Ye Qingyu attempted to communicate with this little fellow with a faint smile.

“Yiya?” In the eyes of the little silver dragon, a questioning look appeared. It slowly headed towards the center of Ye Qingyu’s palm.

Little Nine seeing this, immediately let out a bark. He placed his long tail from his behind in the way, “Woof, quickly come over to my side. Woof is your real mama, it’s me that brought you out from the Snow Dragon’s den. You came out from my tummy…”

Ye Qingyu was instantly speechless.

This glutton was becoming more and more shameless.

“You dare steal from me?” Ye Qingyu said furiously.

The silly dog Little Nine eyes flitted to the side, mumbling in a low voice, “Woof is just fairly competing.”

“Yiya?” The little silver dragon slowly neared them. Floating in the air, it looked at Ye Qingyu, and then looked at Little Nine, then looked down at the egg shell on the floor. Finally making its decision, it slowly floated towards Little Nine.

Ye Qingyu seeing this, ‘mother’, just what was this, he could not even beat a dog?’

“Woof, woof. Master, perhaps you are going to lose to me.” Little Nine said in a fashion of someone taking delight in someone’s misfortune. “I’ve already said, it came out from my belly, it would definitely recognize me. Recruiting a little dragon as a servant, just what a fortunate thing this is. From now on I can ride it everywhere to play, a dog’s life is just perfect. Woof, hahaha!”

Ye Qingyu really wanted to throttle this thing.

As a battle pet, apart from eating, all he did was sleep. And apart from sleeping, all he did was eat. Without the slightest battle power, and right now, it was stealing a battle pet from his master. This was completely against the heavens.

And ever since this thing was able to talk, he became more and more mischievous.

As he saw the little silver dragon slowly nearing, Little Nine began grinning delightedly in victory.

At this moment—

Pak!Pak!Pak!Pak!

The little silver dragon suddenly used its little tail, to fiercely strike Little Nine on his mouth.

“This…” Ye Qingyu’s mouth was wide open.

The clear noise of the impact made Ye Qingyu’s teeth also ache just from hearing the sound.

Little Nine was completely knocked dumb, tottering about with golden stars about his head, as if he was drunk.

And before anyone could react, the little silver dragon transformed into a ray of white light that appeared in front of Ye Qingyu.

The silver-coloured little head light rubbed against Ye Qingyu’s cheek, and its little dragon head that was like a little silver strand or a little hand, touched Ye Qingyu’s head. Within its mouth, yiya yiya noises constantly came out, an expression of incomparable familiarity and closeness.

And when the dragon antler of the little silver dragon touched Ye Qingyu’s head, a clear and distinctive noise sounded within Ye Qingyu’s mind—

“Mama!”

It was the little silver dragon.

It used a special exchange of consciousness to communicate with Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu did not know whether Snow Dragons would have such abilities just when they were born. But it was not only able to fly about at lightning speed, it also had powerful mental power. However, Ye Qingyu could be sure of one point; he was absolutely not the mama of this little dragon.

“Errr, call me brother… but I have to first make something clear, little fellow, you may have identified the wrong person,” Ye Qingyu replied probingly with his consciousness.

“It can’t be wrong. You are mama, I am able to sense the aura of mama from you. It’s mama you who gave me life…” the little silver dragon said in a determined fashion.

I gave you life?

I don’t have such an ability.

I didn’t give birth to this egg.

I don’t have that function.

Ye Qingyu was about to deny this, when suddenly a flash of light flitted through his mind.

He suddenly remembered, during the time at the cemetery of the Snow Dragons, when he was holding this Snow Dragon egg, an abnormal change had happened. The dragon egg had abruptly absorbed the ice inner yuan energy from his own body, and the dragon egg that had always remained silent, suddenly changed. He faintly felt, within the dragon’s egg, there was a little thing that was swimming about in the half transparent dragon egg…

Could it be that at that time, his ice inner yuan had awakened the slumbering little silver dragon? Therefore, it had remembered his aura and identified him as its mother?

It seemed like this was possible.

“Hey, hey, hey. Mama’s here, you’ve got the wrong person…” Little Nine reacted, and said with his nose swollen.

The little silver dragon did not even give him a glance.

Ye Qingyu was about to say something, when at that time—

Boom!

The silent door was suddenly kicked open.

A figure like a hurricane rushed in and headed towards Ye Qingyu, a punch striking out.

“You little bastard…”

The figure shouted loudly, his emotions moved.

After a slight shock, Ye Qingyu finally saw the person clearly. Quickly evading he cried, “Hey, speak first, there’s no need to use violence. If you break something you have to pay for it…”

“Pay for it my ass. You little bastard. Time after time you play at being lost and pretending to be dead. Could you consider other people’s feelings? Your father I will just decide to kill you today, to prevent me from worrying about you time after time again…” Wen Wan was like a person with mad cow disease, clenching his teeth and punch after punch striking towards him with no mercy.

Boom!

A stone table was crushed into pieces.

Ye Qingyu felt the wind from the punches were like the ocean, about to drown him. Dodging to the side he shouted, “Hey, Old Wen, quickly stop, you’ve crushed my table.”

“I still need to crush your head,” Wen Wan screamed with red eyes. “Little bastard, coming back alive, you don’t even send someone to notify me. I was the last person to know… don’t dodge, let me hit you three times for me to release my anger.”

Ye Qingyu felt both moved and funny.

“Yiya, yiya yiya…”

The little silver dragon seeing its own ‘mama’ being chased after by someone, in its mineral-like eyes there was the colour of rage. With a sissy-like roar, it spurted a stream of silver light towards Wen Wan.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 175:


Chapter 176 - Borrow him for me to play with for a couple of days

Wen Wan[1] suddenly felt[2] a coldness on his face.

"Eh? What's that thing? He dares to spit at my face?” Wen Wan turned to look behind him, his mouth wide open with incomparable shock at the floating silver dragon in front of him.

The next moment his shocked expression solidified.

A layer of silver ice, two fingers thick, began spreading out from his body. Before Wen Wan could have any sort of reaction, he was completely sealed in ice with the silver light at the center.

Ye Qingyu was also dumbfounded.

He had always felt Wen Wan's strength was deep and unfathomable, but right now, he began to doubt his feelings…

Seeing the ice sculpture in front of him, was Wen Wan really that strong? Just a mouthful of spit from the little silver dragon was enough to completely freeze him… Wen Wan still maintained the posture of lifting his fist with an expression filled with shock and disbelief. He was a freshly made ice sculpture, filled with power and beauty.

"Yiya Yiya…"

The weak voice of the little dragon sounded, and another globe of silver light slowly gathered.

He wanted to spit again?

Ye Qingyu was shocked by this and quickly covered the mouth of the little silver dragon. "There's been a mistake, he’s our friend…"

"Woof woof? Hahahahah…” Little Nine hugged his tummy with his tail and began laughing in an unrestrained and loud manner. "Wahahah, compared to that unfortunate fellow, I've only been hit a few times by his tail. I am really fortunate indeed…”

Fine, it seems that glutton was trying to make his heart feel better through this.

"Yiya?" The little silver dragon looked at Ye Qingyu in confusion. He seemed as if he did not understand why his mama wanted to protect that vicious person.

Ye Qingyu also could not present an explanation. Qingyu looked around to find a hammer and began pounding at the ice sculpture, wanting to break apart the surface layer of ice on Wen Wan away…

Clang! Clang! Clang!

As hammer after hammer was struck, tiny little white fractures began appearing on the silver ice on Wen Wan's body, but it did not shatter apart.

"Why is it so tough?"

Ye Qingyu was completely stunned.

Anything hammered by him, even if it was refined steel, would be shattered and broken. The ice that the little silver dragon spat out was of such a degree of hardness.

No wonder after Wen Wan did not use his inner yuan to break apart the ice after being sealed…

What can he do now?

Would Old Wen freeze to death after being sealed in ice for a while?

"Yiya? Yiya yiya…" Seeing Ye Qingyu's actions, the little silver dragon slowly floated up from the ground. Using his little horn that was like a little bone flower blossom that had yet to grow fully, he lightly tapped the ice.

Kacha! Kacha!

Clustered white cracks and fractures began to appear.

Afterwards, the silver ice covering Wen Wan's body cracked apart, falling to the ground with a crash.

Wen Wan maintained the posture of punching Ye Qingyu. Only after a short while did he let out a breath and coughed several times, looking somewhat confused. Looking at Ye Qingyu, his gaze fell on the body of the little silver dragon. With a trace of disbelief, he inspected him for a while before asking, "Just now, was it this little fellow who spat at me?"

"This is a misunderstanding…” Ye Qingyu attempted to give an explanation.

He was afraid that Wen Wan was about to get mad again.

"It’s kind of cute." Wen Wan's expression changed, kneading his fist. Turning around as if nothing had happened, he sat on the stone chair, grinding his teeth. "All the bones in my body were frozen stiff. Let me tell you, just now I was not prepared. That’s the only reason I was hit by his spit. The next time won’t be so easy. But seeing that this little fellow is so cute, I won't take things further with him…"

At this point he suddenly cast his glance to Little Nine who was currently relishing in his misfortune. Frowning he said, "To think that this trash glutton has not yet died? I thought he had already been devoured by the Demon Race…"

In an instant, the subject had changed.

Little Nine had a feeling of being shot by an arrow despite laying on the floor.

He was instantly enraged, his face filled with innocence. Jumping up, his tail pointed at Wen Wan's nose, "You are the trash, your whole family is trash…”

Wen Wan had a face filled with shock, jumping up like he had seen a ghost. "Just what is happening? What has happened, why can this dog speak the human language?"

Ye Qingyu stared at the two living treasures, not knowing what to say[3] .

Five minutes later, the bickering finally died down.

"You little bastard, exactly what happened? You scared me to death…" Wen Wan once again asked about the events on the Explosive Snow Glacier[4] .

For Old Wen, Ye Qingyu did not conceal too much. He roughly described that on the way back, he had encountered Yan Buhui who was treating his injuries. Thankfully, he had managed to escape from his clutches. He recounted in detail about the matters in the Snow Dragon Cemetery. But as for the events concerning the mysterious illusory figure and the white-clothed immortal in the crystal coffin, he concealed them. It was not that he did not trust Wen Wan, it was just that for such matters, Ye Qingyu felt that the less people that knew the better.

"In other words, this little fellow is he really a little Snow Dragon?" Evidently, Wen Wan was extremely interested in the little silver dragon.

"Eh… he can be counted as one I guess." Ye Qingyu was not able to discern the true identity of this little fellow.

Since it had come from the bird's nest in that ice crystal coffin, it was possibly not a Snow Dragon. According to some ancient books, normal Snow Dragons, when they were born, would not have such strong intelligence. And furthermore, the vision of the Snow Dragon race had deteriorated extremely seriously, but it was evident that the little dragon's eyes were perfectly fine. Perhaps the fact that its genes had returned to its ancestral state was one explanation, but Ye Qingyu felt that matters were not quite this simple.

Wen Wan attempted to stroke the little silver dragon.

But just how prideful was the little silver dragon?

Apart from treating Ye Qingyu affectionately and relying on him like he was his mama, he absolutely would not pay attention to anyone else. As Wen Wan attempted to stroke him, he began making sounds of 'Yiya yiya', and silver light gathered in his mouth. A chill that seeped into one’s bones began emanating throughout the air.

"Ai? I really cannot stroke it…" Wen Wan's hand retreated, looking at Ye Qingyu. "This fellow is the same as you; he cannot be teased at all. Ai, the things that happened here cannot be spread around, or I will really have no face…"

"Woof? What's face? Can you eat it?" Little Nine's tail began wagging happily.

Wen Wan gave him a glare. "You useless trash damn dog, scram to the side.”

Ye Qingyu, "…”

He felt that Wen Wan and Little Nine were more and more like a pair of destined foes.

Wen Wan, after all, was once a teacher at White Deer Academy. Why must he fight with a dog?

"Ai, to speak truthfully, the next time you encounter such a situation, can you not be so earnest? You've made me worried for such a long period of time," Wen Wan's expression became serious, saying [5] these words in a deadpan manner. "Such as that old man Mister Liu. If he wanted to stay behind and accompany the great Demon King Yan Buhui, then you should just leave him behind to die. What does it have to do with him? You really stayed behind of your own initiative to die. Your head has really been kicked when you were young. I look down on you.”

Ye Qingyu, "…”

Just where had the iron blood of a soldier and their unflinching righteousness gone?

Ye Qingyu suddenly imagined that if Old Wen was captured he would, at the first instant, kneel down and surrender?

The two again bickered and conversed for a period of time.

Wen Wan spoke again, "In this near period of time, the matters in the Pass are somewhat chaotic. I've heard that the people of the supply department have come over here to cause trouble again. These matters are somewhat complicated to speak of. You are too young, so you best not interfere too greatly in such matters. Since the military bestowal has already been passed, the chances of them retracting it is not high. After all, the military has already begun to publicize about you. They want to construct you into the classic image of a hero as propaganda. This is tantamount to an arrow already nocked in the bow; they have no choice but to fire it. If they were to retract the bestowal, they are just hitting their own face, and it would affect morale. Without any incidents, your position of fourth class Marquis should be stable. But the prerequisite is that in this period of time you do not commit any errors which could be utilized by people with bad intentions…"

Although in Ye Qingyu's heart he really did not care about such matters, but after hearing Wen Wan say this, he was somewhat moved.

If there was one person in Youyan Pass that truly cared about him, that person was absolutely Wen Wan.

Although the [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing had treated Ye Qingyu well, this was based on the foundation that he was extremely valuable.

"That's right, after being given the title of Marquis, you will possess a separate military authority. You will no longer only command ten people like a patrolling sword envoy. Once the dust has settled down in this matter, the Pass Lord's residence will definitely send an order for you to choose a camp out of the Left, Right, Vanguard and the Rearguard. From there you can select and gather soldiers to participate in battles. In the army, apart from individual strength, your military power is also one of the factors when evaluating someone's strength. Therefore, you had best make your preparations. In this time, you should spend some time thinking about what camp you wish to select from and to spend some time walking around the different camps. After understanding the details of the military order, you can secretly choose some elite soldiers…" Wen Wan said again.

The right to commander soldiers?

After he became a Marquis, he had the power to lead soldiers? [6] Mister Liu had not mentioned this point before…

Ye Qingyu thought this over in detail, then nodded his head. "I understand, thank you Old Wen."

"Qie, thank you my ass[7] [8] , so pretentious," Wen Wan said in disdain.

Ye Qingyu, "…”

"Also, the person called Ye Congyun that you asked me to find, I have some slight clues as to where he is. He should be within the Vanguard, but I have not yet managed to find him personally. After I have confirmed it, I will give you some reliable news," Wen Wan said with an embarrassed face. After spending so long but not yet having found such a person, his old face also could not help but turn red.

"He's in the vanguard? This is too great." Ye Qingyu was overjoyed.

Ye Congyun was the younger brother of the armoured sentry. Ye Qingyu had promised the sentry that he would definitely take good care of him.

"Also, the old man Li Shizen situation is not bad within the vanguard. If you have time, you should go see him. There were several times that the old man talked about you." Wen Wan stood up, stretching his waist, his mood evidently much better. Patting Ye Qingyu on the shoulder, he suddenly leaned in closer and said with a shifty eyed expression, "Little Ye, let’s negotiate. Speak truthfully, can you let me borrow this little dragon for me to play with? This little fellow's spit is so threatening. If I bring him to the vanguard, whoever displeases me, I can let him spit on them, hehe…"

When he got to the end of the sentence, Wen Wan's crafty looking eyes began to glitter with a light.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 176:


Chapter 177 - I’ve come to give an accounting

Seeing Wen Wan's thief-like manner, Ye Qingyu shivered in his heart.

“You ask him yourself." Ye Qingyu pointed at the little dragon.

Wen Wan turned around to glance at the little dragon and saw that the little silver dragon was glaring at him viciously. He suddenly realized that this little fellow would not be too willing to listen to his commands, and gave of a shiver. Waving his hands at the little dragon, he laughed. "Look at you, I was just having a joke… I'm going."

Saying this, he quickly turned and left.

As he left, he kept a close watch on the little dragon. The matters that he had been spat on by the little silver dragon must not be spread around.

After seeing Wen Wan off, Ye Qingyu's mood was brightened.

To be able to sit and talk with friends, teasing each other, was really an enjoyable event of life.

"That bastard. Thankfully for him he ran quick, or I would definitely eat him," Little Nine said in a huff.

He felt that after the little silver dragon had appeared, he had evidently been neglected. Especially Wen Wan's attitude, it was completely the classical personality where one preferred new objects to old objects.

Ye Qingyu did not pay attention to this sensitive fellow.

A while later Bai Yuanxing came back.

Ye Qingyu asked him to take care of the rubble of the stone table in the quiet room.

As he silently stood by the window still, Ye Qingyu surveyed from a high position. Looking at the Youyan Pass covered in a blanket of vast snow, his thoughts were many.

After a complete day of hustle and bustle, just what kind of turbulence would the Pass that seemed peaceful contain.

This time, Wen Wan's visit, although it had seemed disordered and chaotic, in reality he had brought many pieces of information.

"It seems I should head towards the Vanguard to have a look. After being in Youyan Pass for such a long time, ultimately I feel like I'm missing something if I do not enter into the camps. Out of the four major camps, if I am able to choose, then of course I would choose the Vanguard. Wen Wan and Liu Zongyuan are both people of the vanguard. When the time comes, we can assist and aid each other. With the aid of two military warfare officers, I will be more easily immersed within the camp. Furthermore, once battle breaks out, the vanguard will definitely be the front lines who enter in the first instant into conflict. This will act as even greater training for myself…”

In Ye Qingyu's heart, he had already made a decision.

…… ……

In the next few days, Youyan Pass was comparatively peaceful.

As for the news that the great army was about to retaliate against the Explosive Snow Glacier, it had already been spread out through various channels. The large majority of people were able to sense the increasingly tense atmosphere. Only some higher ranking officers would know of just how high the concentrations of the troops being mobilized were. The [Army of Youyan Pass] was like an example of vast and precise machine that began to function methodically. Right now it was currently storing great power, waiting for the day to explode.

The black eagle jade piece constantly appeared above the skies of Youyan Pass.

More and more advisors and strategists began to come and go from Youyan Pass.

Wagons of files would endlessly be carried out from the Pass Lord's residence, then there would be new dossiers entering.

The golden flickering lanterns of the military council pavilion would not dim even during the night. The advisors and strategists of the Pass Lord's residence could hardly find time to return to their homes to sleep for the night.

On the streets, more and more patrols could be seen.

Various restrictions began to be enacted during the night.

Within Youyan Pass, they had discovered the secret agents of the Demon Race several times already. Battles that could not be described as small or large had sprung up as a result of this.

Before the real battle had begun, the agents of both parties already began exchanging blows soundlessly in darkness and shadow.

Ye Qingyu saw with his own eyes, a white ape of the class of demon warrior being captured by the experts of the military. This type of white snow ground ape was a Demon Race that specialized in transformation. It could transform into the figure of a human that was indiscernible to a regular person. Furthermore, it was extremely skilled at hiding and climbing. Even in Youyan Pass where it was situated in a precipitous mountain pass thousands of meters high, it was able to use purely its physical power of its limbs to enter without utilizing any sort of demonic qi whatsoever. Within the Demon Races, the white apes were natural born spies.

As for that white ape, it was ultimately imprisoned in the blood prison of the Pass Lord's residence.

What awaited it was a hard to imagine painful and bitter torture.

Under the silver torrent-like arrest and investigation of the army, there were Demon Races constantly being captured within Youyan Pass.

One day, outside White Horse tower, there were sounds of conflict outside.

Ye Qingyu quickly rushed to see. It was the squadron responsible for investigating and capturing the Demon Races. They were currently capturing a pig demon.

Even Ye Qingyu was not able to discern that the chubby and amiable owner of the bun stand opposite White Horse tower was transformed from a pig demon. His tracks were discovered by the squadron of the Pass Lord's office. During his capture, the pig demon understood that once he was captured, his life was not worth living anymore. Therefore, he chose to resist till his death, ultimately being killed at the bun stand.

Even the human wife of that pig demon and his twin sons[1] not yet ten years of age, were also killed on the spot.

"Who would have thought, fatty Zhang was a pig demon…" "That's right, boss Zhang has at least opened the bun stand for tens of years in Youyan Pass. I have never seen him do anything to harm anyone!" "Ai, lower your voice. Such words, if they are heard by the demon capturing squadron, then you will be in trouble. This is sympathizing with the Demon Race!" "But the wife of fatty Zhang was evidently human. And his two sons do not have any attributes of the Demon Race… Ai, they've died too tragically!" "As long as they are the Demon Race, then we cannot show mercy."

Within the crowd, all sorts of discussions and arguments broke out.

Ye Qingyu lightly shook his head.

He had also visited the bun stand several times. The buns that fatty Zhang made were definitely tasty and could be counted as the best from several streets around. But with Ye Qingyu's strength, even he was not able to discover that fatty Zhang was a demon in disguise. In the instant that fatty Zhang fought to his death, in the midst of his despair and rage, he transformed into his original demonic appearance. A black massive wild boar meters high, shimmering with demonic qi, causing one to suffocate. He was definitely a demon at the class of demon warrior.

Seeing the completely scarlet red eyes of that pig demon, Ye Qingyu knew that the slaughter had only just begun. It had not ended by far.

At this instant, Ye Qingyu suddenly realized, would there also be humans hiding within the territory of the Demon Race?

If the identities of these hidden humans were discovered by the Demon Race during their investigations, would they die in despair in battle?

The Ye Qingyu at this time did not imagine that the roiling[2] flames to eradicate the spies of the Demon Race would begin to light on his body less than half a month later.

Amidst the discussions, Ye Qingyu turned and returned to White Horse tower.

…… ……

The morning of the second day.

A visitor came to White Horse tower.

The head of the supply department Zhang San, brought the allocation officer Zhao Ruyun who had previously gotten in a conflict with Ye Qingyu to White Horse tower along with him.

Four armoured soldiers stood guard outside White Horse tower.

The two people came to the room to receive guests in White Horse tower and saw Ye Qingyu.

"Marquis Ye, this time coming here was mainly to resolve the grudges between the White Horse tower and the supply department. I hope that Marquis Ye does not blame me for being too direct." Zhang San sat on the chair with his legs wide opened, then leant backwards and placed his foot on the table in front of Ye Qingyu. Squinting his eyes, he said with a smile that was not a smile to Ye Qingyu, "Marquis Ye wants us supply department to give him an accounting. I, Zhang San, have come to give an accounting today."

The head of the supply department, Zhang San, was absolutely an extremely famous person within Youyan Pass.

It was rumoured that he was once the personal bodyguard of the [War God of Youyan Pass] Lu Zhaoge. Afterwards, he had established many contributions in battle, and was extremely sensitive towards resources like money, food etc., excelling in the accounting and allocation of these resources. He was entrusted with the task of head of the supply department of Youyan Pass. In these years, he had made several contributions. The reason that hundreds of thousands of the [Army of Youyan Pass] were able to eat so smoothly was definitely due to Zhang San's efforts. From his history, he could definitely be counted as a part of the achieving faction in the [Army of Youyan Pass].

But Zhang San's personality was arrogant and conceited. He was also extremely protective. For any person that dared to go against his subordinates, no matter whether they were in the right or not, he would definitely cause a great fuss. He would frequently give no face to anyone, making a significant number of enemies in the army. But relying on his background and the deep relationship between the [War God of Youyan Pass] Lu Zhaoge, there was nearly no one who could do anything against him.

Three years ago, Zhang San had once caused a great chaos in the Right camp after his personal bodyguard was injured by a military warfare officer in the Right camp. He caused the commander of the Right camp Peng Yizhen to apologize personally. As a result of this, his fame greatly rose.

Zhang San was known to other people as the [Worry of Ghosts].

The meaning behind this was that even if a ghost met him, the ghost would need to worry[3] .

Such a title did not have positive connotations.

But after Zhang San knew of this, he was proud of this title, spreading it about of his own initiative. There were several times that he expressed satisfaction of his title.

In these three years, there were nearly no one who dared to go against the head of the supply department, the [Worry of Ghosts].

And under the influence and personality of a person like Zhang San as head of the supply department, practically everyone under him became overbearing. Furthermore, they controlled the allocation of all sorts of resources such as weaponry in the army. They could be counted as the wealth god of the army. They were characters that everyone needed to request something from them. Unless they were extremely enraged, there was no one that was willing to incite them of their own volition.

Two months ago, Ye Qingyu and Zhao Ruyun had butted heads. Ye Qingyu forcefully hung Zhao Ruyun on the [Punishment Pillar]; this was tantamount to viciously striking the faces of everyone in the supply department.

It was also tantamount to striking Zhang San, the [Worry of Ghosts’] face.

Within Youyan Pass, there were many people eagerly waiting for Zhang San, the [Worry of Ghosts], to take care of Ye Qingyu who was like a newly born calf that was not afraid of the tiger.

But what made people eyes wide open with shock was the fact that Zhang San had not displayed any sort of stance and did not go looking for trouble with Ye Qingyu.

But two days ago, Ye Qingyu had once again fiercely struck the faces of the soldiers of the supply department. He had released them and told them to bring people of the supply department to 'account for themselves'. When the [Worry of Ghosts] Zhang San brought Zhao Ruyun outside, there were already people who realized. News spread out through various channels. Before Zhang San had even reached White Horse tower, there were many people hidden around the surroundings of White Horse tower observing.

At this time, apart from the four guards outside White Horse tower, there were also a significant number surrounding the tower.

The [Worry of Ghosts] was finally about to go crazy?

The Ye Qingyu who was a newly born calf that was not afraid of the tiger, would he be able to cope with this vicious person that could shake Youyan Pass just by a stamp of his feet? "This time, I want to see if that trash surnamed Ye is able to bear this," Lin Lang said with a cold smile, rejoicing in Ye Qingyu's misfortune.

He and his group sat in the upper floor of a restaurant two hundred meters away. Coldly, they observed everything around White Horse tower. Apart from Lin Lang and the others, there were also people of the Cool Breeze Mountain Faction belonging to Yi Sance of the Pass Lord's residence. They had rushed here the first moment they got wind of this.

Apart from this, there was also the [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing and his student Xing’er. They sat on the second floor of the restaurant, quietly sipping tea.

On the door of the restaurant, there were Liu Zongyuan and his trusted subordinates. They wore full armour, holding their blades and standing straight.

And in the road five meters away from White Horse tower, there was Wen Wan. His expression was as dark and as gloomy as water. He had used the quickest of speed to rush towards White Horse tower.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

