Chapter 1053:


Chapter 1068 – Suddenly Understood
“You must be joking, Lord Ye Qingyu. Wei Wubing is Wei Wubing, who else can he be?” Regaining his previous calmness in speech, Wei Wubing smiled, albeit his fingers involuntarily tightened around the red-feathered fan.
Ou Wuji hurriedly followed up in explanation, “Deputy Ye Qingyu, Mister Wei Wubing is a wise man I met in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. Over the years, he has always followed beside me and helped me a great deal. This is something I can testify to.” Seeing that Wei Wubing was in an argumentative mood, he tried to salvage the situation for himself, afraid that another mishap would occur.
“I wasn’t asking you,” Ye Qingyu looked at him and snapped bluntly.
His heart quivered as he hurriedly lowered his head.
Ye Qingyu shook his head disappointedly, “How did someone like you become the First Deputy of the Human Race?”
Ou Wuji dared not reply despite feeling mildly angered.
He was once a hero of the Human Race who had left countless people wide-eyed, and had awed an age by doing several world-shocking things and making impressive contributions. A century ago, mention of the [Jade-faced Peerless Sword] Ou Wuji would elicit praise and a thumbs up from everyone, otherwise he could not have become the First Deputy Envoy of the Human Race headquarters today. Nevertheless, knowing that he was outmatched here, he dared not reply to Ye Qingyu’s question.
“You were used as a lightning rod and were roasted time and again, yet you remain so lacking in self-awareness. It appears that your original aspirations have been clouded by the high status you’ve enjoyed over the years, causing you to succumb to the allure of power and wealth unknowingly. As they say, even the strongest willed warriors are ultimately corruptible.” Ye Qingyu sighed while recalling several people. Revealing a respectful expression on his face, he continued, “Only someone as virtuous and capable as Mister Ren Puyang is able to restrain their own heart.”
Being no fool, Ou Wuji immediately captured the meaning in Ye Qingyu’s words.
Although his heart jolted, he remained unbelieving.
He mentally screened through the way in which he met Wei Wubing and found nothing abnormal. He also recalled that, to help him formulate plans over the years, this wise man could be said to have racked his brains, and was definitely not as described by Ye Qingyu.
However, he suddenly felt that something was not right.
Just then, Ye Qingyu questioned once more, “Was it Wei Wubing who urged you to strive for the position of main envoy? Was it him who advised you to push things along and place the guilt of murdering Mister Ren Puyang on Lin Yutang because the latter had plotted against you? Was it him who advised you on uniting the Demon Race headquarters and other races in hunting down Lin Yutang’s trusted White-robed Divine Guards?”
“This...” Ou Wuji instinctively wanted to justify things, but being gazed at by Ye Qingyu, he eventually nodded and replied, “Yes.”
This was indeed the truth after all.
Nodding, Ye Qingyu turned to look at Wei Wubing.
The latter remained smiling very calmly as he flicked the red-feathered fan. “Why are you looking at me like that, Lord Ye Qingyu? You’re right, it was indeed me who advised Lord Ou Wuji to do these things, but so what? Until now, I’ve never felt that I did anything wrong. As the saying goes, one should be devoted to the matters of those who have entrusted one with responsibility. As Lord Ou Wuji’s assistant and advisor, I naturally had to devise plans for him. Besides, it’s highly evident that Lin Yutang was Mister Ren Puyang’s murderer. By doing what I did, I was more so helping Lord Ren Puyang to take revenge. As such, my conscience is clear whether in terms of public or private interest.”
His tone was frank and forthright.
Many people in the mourning hall were convinced by his words.
Instead, Ye Qingyu laughed out loud. “Your conscience is clear? How can a scheming and manipulative demon like you ever be fit to take revenge on Mister Ren Puyang’s behalf? That’s truly sickening. Your saying the name Mister Ren Puyang is already an insult to this Human Race hero.”
A hint of sullenness flashed across Wei Wubing’s face, but fortunately for him, he was able to control it and change it into a smile. “Lord Ye Qingyu, seeing as you’re sad about Mister Ren Puyang’s death and hold a preconceived opinion of me, I cannot defend myself… However, like I said, every word I’ve spoken is frank and forthright. Since you want to find out the truth and seek justice, you’d have to discard your personal preferences, otherwise it would just be a case of the pot calling the kettle black.”
This could be considered a checkmate by using Ye Qingyu’s own words.
Many experts of various races looked straight once more at the advisor standing beside Ou Wuji like a shadow. They could not but admit that this wrinkle-faced scholar had a vigorous style of speaking. He was the first person in the mourning hall today who dared to talk to Ye Qingyu using this kind of tone.
In comparison, Demon King Ye was more bigoted and his cruel qi was somewhat heavier.
With a faint mocking expression on his face, Ye Qingyu gently clapped his hands when Wei Wubing was done talking. “This is the reason why I hate manipulative and scheming demons like you. Your tongue is so glib that you’re able to swear black is white and distort the truth… Unfortunately, this is a world in which strength speaks loudest, and only the person with the biggest fist gets to decide everything. What can you do if I simply want to kill you today?”
Wei Wubing’s countenance changed dramatically at once. After weighing his options, he could not help coming forward and saying, “This… Please calm down, Lord Ye Qingyu. Mister Wei Wubing bears you no malice, he’s just...”
To one side, Ou Wuji began to panic.
“Shut up,” Ye Qingyu snapped in a thunderous voice.
Ou Wuji’s ears began to buzz and his complexion turned pale as he retreated four or five steps back. He could not finish saying what he wanted to.
“What? Are you hellbent on doing things your way and calling a stag a horse? I know that you want to protect Lin Yutang because you’re close to him and owe him a favor, but must you really create such a big scene?” Wei Wubing’s expression became firm as he took several steps forward and held on to Ou Wuji, shielding the latter behind himself. In a vehement and fearless voice, he continued, “Everything was instigated by me and isn’t related to Lord Ou Wuji. Although it would take you only a moment to kill me, it’s impossible for you to block up this end of the world even if you’ve become a Quasi-emperor.”
Unexpectedly, a streak of hot blood pumped out from Ou Wuji’s heart just then, vaguely causing him to regain his former swagger as an elegant and peerless Human Race hero. Making up his mind, he declared, “I’d originally given in and acknowledged my inferiority to you, Lord Ye Qingyu, and was willing to admit to everything, but your attitude toward Mister Wei Wubing has shown me that you aren’t much different from the present me. All you can do is use force to intimidate people. If you want to kill him, then kill me as well. Mister Ren Puyang’s heroic soul hasn’t gone far yet. I shall accompany him in the netherworld.”
Many foreign race experts in the mourning hall were momentarily shocked.
A hint of bewilderment appeared in Lin Yutang’s slightly quivering eyes.
Lu Wei quietly watched on from the side.
He wanted to know how Ye Qingyu would handle this situation.
Wei Wubing is truly a person of deep subtleties, and has actually managed to unravel the momentum and situation created by Ye Qingyu via a bloodbath. As they say, aside from martial skills, words can also serve as a sharp knife in this world. I’ve finally seen proof of this today from this advisor called Wei Wubing.
Ye Qingyu glanced surprisedly at Ou Wuji. After some thought, he smiled faintly and remarked, “Idiot.”
Ou Wuji, “...”
Unconcerned by Ou Wuji’s feelings, Ye Qingyu looked at Wei Wubing once more. “I’ve got to hand it to you. With your scheming ways, you’ve managed to turn a once admirable character like Ou Wuji into a tool of yours. Unfortunately, I’ve never been one to submit to reason or force. Once I’ve made up my mind on something, my will is hard to shake even if lotuses roll off your tongue. Without mentioning anything else, I’ve decided to kill you simply because of your instigating Ou Wuji to work with the Demon Race to hunt down and kill the White-robed Divine Guards, and you shall have to obediently accept your fate. Those guards who died tragically as a result of your wild ambitions were completely innocent. Did you ever think about their wives and children, and their valorous contributions to the Human Race, when you laid down those deadly traps to kill them? Don’t you feel guilty about your hasty decision to kill these loyal humans just because you wanted to help Ou Wuji succeed?”
An imperceptible hint of panic flashed across Wei Wubing’s face. “Those who accomplish great things don’t get caught up in trifles. Since Lin Yutang is guilty, the White-robed Divine Guards who were loyal to him are better killed wrongly than let off. I had to ensure stability among the White-robed Divine Guards.”
“Does this imply that you admit to killing innocent people?” Ye Qingyu gazed sharply at Wei Wubing.
The latter flicked his feather fan, looking vehement while remaining silent.
Laughing once more, Ye Qingyu turned to look at Ou Wuji. “You said earlier that you met Wei Wubing in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, right?”
Taken aback, Ou Wuji replied, “That’s right.”
He did not know why Ye Qingyu would suddenly ask this question.
However, a bright gleam flashed across the depths of Wei Wubing’s eyes.
As if he did not notice this, Ye Qingyu seemed to be recalling something from his memory. “More than a year ago, I visited the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain too. Unfortunately, that ancient domain, which used to awe and prop up the status of the Human Race in the Vast Thousand Domains, had already fallen apart and was mostly deserted and lifeless by then. When I first arrived, I asked over and over why the lifespan of this domain would be so short. Later on, I discovered a decrepit dragon in the underground sea of fire at the mountain gate of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, and found out some secrets from it...”
Everyone was baffled by what they just heard.
Why is the [Ice Sword Killing God], Crazy Demon Ye, suddenly changing the subject and talking about the past? What’s he planning to do?
“Mister Wei Wubing, since you’d visited the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, I’m sure you know a few things about it. Can you tell me why this once illustrious domain faltered early?” With narrowly squinted eyes, Ye Qingyu looked at Wei Wubing again. A faint purple mist circulated in them, as if they wanted to see through this wrinkle-faced advisor.
“Please pardon my ignorance, I don’t know,” Wei Wubing replied expressionlessly.
Ye Qingyu smiled. “It’s okay if you won’t say… Actually, before I came here today, I had no interest in knowing the origin of an advisor beside Ou Wuji. However, a very weird feeling arose when I saw you, as if I’d seen you somewhere before. Your aura felt very familiar, but, all this time, I was unable to recall where it was from, until Ou Wuji mentioned that he met you in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. It was then that I realized...”
“Realized what?” Like a poisonous snake getting ready to attack, Wei Wubing squinted his eyes and asked calmly.
Ye Qingyu looked back at him and enunciated, “I realized who exactly Wei Wubing is.”
Chapter 1068 – Suddenly Understood

“You must be joking, Lord Ye Qingyu. Wei Wubing is Wei Wubing, who else can he be?” Regaining his previous calmness in speech, Wei Wubing smiled, albeit his fingers involuntarily tightened around the red-feathered fan.
Ou Wuji hurriedly followed up in explanation, “Deputy Ye Qingyu, Mister Wei Wubing is a wise man I met in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. Over the years, he has always followed beside me and helped me a great deal. This is something I can testify to.” Seeing that Wei Wubing was in an argumentative mood, he tried to salvage the situation for himself, afraid that another mishap would occur.
“I wasn’t asking you,” Ye Qingyu looked at him and snapped bluntly.
His heart quivered as he hurriedly lowered his head.
Ye Qingyu shook his head disappointedly, “How did someone like you become the First Deputy of the Human Race?”
Ou Wuji dared not reply despite feeling mildly angered.
He was once a hero of the Human Race who had left countless people wide-eyed, and had awed an age by doing several world-shocking things and making impressive contributions. A century ago, mention of the [Jade-faced Peerless Sword] Ou Wuji would elicit praise and a thumbs up from everyone, otherwise he could not have become the First Deputy Envoy of the Human Race headquarters today. Nevertheless, knowing that he was outmatched here, he dared not reply to Ye Qingyu’s question.
“You were used as a lightning rod and were roasted time and again, yet you remain so lacking in self-awareness. It appears that your original aspirations have been clouded by the high status you’ve enjoyed over the years, causing you to succumb to the allure of power and wealth unknowingly. As they say, even the strongest willed warriors are ultimately corruptible.” Ye Qingyu sighed while recalling several people. Revealing a respectful expression on his face, he continued, “Only someone as virtuous and capable as Mister Ren Puyang is able to restrain their own heart.”
Being no fool, Ou Wuji immediately captured the meaning in Ye Qingyu’s words.
Although his heart jolted, he remained unbelieving.
He mentally screened through the way in which he met Wei Wubing and found nothing abnormal. He also recalled that, to help him formulate plans over the years, this wise man could be said to have racked his brains, and was definitely not as described by Ye Qingyu.
However, he suddenly felt that something was not right.
Just then, Ye Qingyu questioned once more, “Was it Wei Wubing who urged you to strive for the position of main envoy? Was it him who advised you to push things along and place the guilt of murdering Mister Ren Puyang on Lin Yutang because the latter had plotted against you? Was it him who advised you on uniting the Demon Race headquarters and other races in hunting down Lin Yutang’s trusted White-robed Divine Guards?”
“This...” Ou Wuji instinctively wanted to justify things, but being gazed at by Ye Qingyu, he eventually nodded and replied, “Yes.”
This was indeed the truth after all.
Nodding, Ye Qingyu turned to look at Wei Wubing.
The latter remained smiling very calmly as he flicked the red-feathered fan. “Why are you looking at me like that, Lord Ye Qingyu? You’re right, it was indeed me who advised Lord Ou Wuji to do these things, but so what? Until now, I’ve never felt that I did anything wrong. As the saying goes, one should be devoted to the matters of those who have entrusted one with responsibility. As Lord Ou Wuji’s assistant and advisor, I naturally had to devise plans for him. Besides, it’s highly evident that Lin Yutang was Mister Ren Puyang’s murderer. By doing what I did, I was more so helping Lord Ren Puyang to take revenge. As such, my conscience is clear whether in terms of public or private interest.”
His tone was frank and forthright.
Many people in the mourning hall were convinced by his words.
Instead, Ye Qingyu laughed out loud. “Your conscience is clear? How can a scheming and manipulative demon like you ever be fit to take revenge on Mister Ren Puyang’s behalf? That’s truly sickening. Your saying the name Mister Ren Puyang is already an insult to this Human Race hero.”
A hint of sullenness flashed across Wei Wubing’s face, but fortunately for him, he was able to control it and change it into a smile. “Lord Ye Qingyu, seeing as you’re sad about Mister Ren Puyang’s death and hold a preconceived opinion of me, I cannot defend myself… However, like I said, every word I’ve spoken is frank and forthright. Since you want to find out the truth and seek justice, you’d have to discard your personal preferences, otherwise it would just be a case of the pot calling the kettle black.”
This could be considered a checkmate by using Ye Qingyu’s own words.
Many experts of various races looked straight once more at the advisor standing beside Ou Wuji like a shadow. They could not but admit that this wrinkle-faced scholar had a vigorous style of speaking. He was the first person in the mourning hall today who dared to talk to Ye Qingyu using this kind of tone.
In comparison, Demon King Ye was more bigoted and his cruel qi was somewhat heavier.
With a faint mocking expression on his face, Ye Qingyu gently clapped his hands when Wei Wubing was done talking. “This is the reason why I hate manipulative and scheming demons like you. Your tongue is so glib that you’re able to swear black is white and distort the truth… Unfortunately, this is a world in which strength speaks loudest, and only the person with the biggest fist gets to decide everything. What can you do if I simply want to kill you today?”
Wei Wubing’s countenance changed dramatically at once. After weighing his options, he could not help coming forward and saying, “This… Please calm down, Lord Ye Qingyu. Mister Wei Wubing bears you no malice, he’s just...”
To one side, Ou Wuji began to panic.
“Shut up,” Ye Qingyu snapped in a thunderous voice.
Ou Wuji’s ears began to buzz and his complexion turned pale as he retreated four or five steps back. He could not finish saying what he wanted to.
“What? Are you hellbent on doing things your way and calling a stag a horse? I know that you want to protect Lin Yutang because you’re close to him and owe him a favor, but must you really create such a big scene?” Wei Wubing’s expression became firm as he took several steps forward and held on to Ou Wuji, shielding the latter behind himself. In a vehement and fearless voice, he continued, “Everything was instigated by me and isn’t related to Lord Ou Wuji. Although it would take you only a moment to kill me, it’s impossible for you to block up this end of the world even if you’ve become a Quasi-emperor.”
Unexpectedly, a streak of hot blood pumped out from Ou Wuji’s heart just then, vaguely causing him to regain his former swagger as an elegant and peerless Human Race hero. Making up his mind, he declared, “I’d originally given in and acknowledged my inferiority to you, Lord Ye Qingyu, and was willing to admit to everything, but your attitude toward Mister Wei Wubing has shown me that you aren’t much different from the present me. All you can do is use force to intimidate people. If you want to kill him, then kill me as well. Mister Ren Puyang’s heroic soul hasn’t gone far yet. I shall accompany him in the netherworld.”
Many foreign race experts in the mourning hall were momentarily shocked.
A hint of bewilderment appeared in Lin Yutang’s slightly quivering eyes.
Lu Wei quietly watched on from the side.
He wanted to know how Ye Qingyu would handle this situation.
Wei Wubing is truly a person of deep subtleties, and has actually managed to unravel the momentum and situation created by Ye Qingyu via a bloodbath. As they say, aside from martial skills, words can also serve as a sharp knife in this world. I’ve finally seen proof of this today from this advisor called Wei Wubing.
Ye Qingyu glanced surprisedly at Ou Wuji. After some thought, he smiled faintly and remarked, “Idiot.”
Ou Wuji, “...”
Unconcerned by Ou Wuji’s feelings, Ye Qingyu looked at Wei Wubing once more. “I’ve got to hand it to you. With your scheming ways, you’ve managed to turn a once admirable character like Ou Wuji into a tool of yours. Unfortunately, I’ve never been one to submit to reason or force. Once I’ve made up my mind on something, my will is hard to shake even if lotuses roll off your tongue. Without mentioning anything else, I’ve decided to kill you simply because of your instigating Ou Wuji to work with the Demon Race to hunt down and kill the White-robed Divine Guards, and you shall have to obediently accept your fate. Those guards who died tragically as a result of your wild ambitions were completely innocent. Did you ever think about their wives and children, and their valorous contributions to the Human Race, when you laid down those deadly traps to kill them? Don’t you feel guilty about your hasty decision to kill these loyal humans just because you wanted to help Ou Wuji succeed?”
An imperceptible hint of panic flashed across Wei Wubing’s face. “Those who accomplish great things don’t get caught up in trifles. Since Lin Yutang is guilty, the White-robed Divine Guards who were loyal to him are better killed wrongly than let off. I had to ensure stability among the White-robed Divine Guards.”
“Does this imply that you admit to killing innocent people?” Ye Qingyu gazed sharply at Wei Wubing.
The latter flicked his feather fan, looking vehement while remaining silent.
Laughing once more, Ye Qingyu turned to look at Ou Wuji. “You said earlier that you met Wei Wubing in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, right?”
Taken aback, Ou Wuji replied, “That’s right.”
He did not know why Ye Qingyu would suddenly ask this question.
However, a bright gleam flashed across the depths of Wei Wubing’s eyes.
As if he did not notice this, Ye Qingyu seemed to be recalling something from his memory. “More than a year ago, I visited the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain too. Unfortunately, that ancient domain, which used to awe and prop up the status of the Human Race in the Vast Thousand Domains, had already fallen apart and was mostly deserted and lifeless by then. When I first arrived, I asked over and over why the lifespan of this domain would be so short. Later on, I discovered a decrepit dragon in the underground sea of fire at the mountain gate of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, and found out some secrets from it...”
Everyone was baffled by what they just heard.
Why is the [Ice Sword Killing God], Crazy Demon Ye, suddenly changing the subject and talking about the past? What’s he planning to do?
“Mister Wei Wubing, since you’d visited the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, I’m sure you know a few things about it. Can you tell me why this once illustrious domain faltered early?” With narrowly squinted eyes, Ye Qingyu looked at Wei Wubing again. A faint purple mist circulated in them, as if they wanted to see through this wrinkle-faced advisor.
“Please pardon my ignorance, I don’t know,” Wei Wubing replied expressionlessly.
Ye Qingyu smiled. “It’s okay if you won’t say… Actually, before I came here today, I had no interest in knowing the origin of an advisor beside Ou Wuji. However, a very weird feeling arose when I saw you, as if I’d seen you somewhere before. Your aura felt very familiar, but, all this time, I was unable to recall where it was from, until Ou Wuji mentioned that he met you in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. It was then that I realized...”
“Realized what?” Like a poisonous snake getting ready to attack, Wei Wubing squinted his eyes and asked calmly.
Ye Qingyu looked back at him and enunciated, “I realized who exactly Wei Wubing is.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1054:


Chapter 1069 - White-Boned Battle Demon


“Oh? Is that so? Can you tell me who exactly I am, Lord Ye Qingyu?”

A bizarre smile formed on Wei Wubing’s face.

“Who? A wandering soul, I suppose,” Ye Qingyu answered calmly.

“A wandering soul?” Lowering his head, Wei Wubing carefully pondered, as if he was judging whether Ye Qingyu’s description was accurate.

A while later.

He began to laugh.

“Hohoho, a wandering soul, a wandering soul, indeed...” He looked at Ye Qingyu with a forced smile. “Can you… describe me a little more exactly, Lord Ye Qingyu?”

At this moment, all of his previous expressions, including those of fear, vehemence, uncertainty, and worry… disappeared.

All expressions abruptly disappeared from that heavily wrinkled face.

They were replaced by an inner calmness and a kind of indifferent contempt toward Ye Qingyu.

Evidently, all of his previous expressions were just pretense, and only this was him in his true state.

These expressions revealed that he was actually not the least bit afraid of Ye Qingyu.

The crowd began to sense that something was not right at this time.

Ou Wuji looked surprisedly at Wei Wubing.

Instead, Ye Qingyu’s expression remained unchanged. “Alright, a more accurate description, you say? One of the survivors of a bunch of wandering souls which had destroyed countless civilizations and eras, probably killed many fiendgods, and once dominated the world? Is my guess correct? Unfortunately, you all were ultimately unable to escape heavenly judgment and were nearly wiped out… Your kind was then thought to have gone extinct, but who would’ve thought, a few of you survived and hid in the dark, retaining the same wicked heart and even dreaming of a resurgence… I wonder if you’re satisfied with this description.”

Wei Wubing nodded while forcing a smile. “From your perspective, this can indeed be considered fairly accurate. However, history has always been written by the victors, and the eventual victors will certainly not be your lot. The so-called wrath of heaven… hohohoho,” he laughed somberly. “After our resurgence, you foolish creatures will all become nothing but food.”

As soon as he spoke.

Wisps of black mist emanated from his body.

Along with his flicking of the red-feathered fan, the mist immediately began to circulate frenziedly and pervaded the entire mourning hall in a twinkling. This kind of skill was extremely similar to Ye Qingyu’s use of icy foprmations to seal the entire hall earlier on. A hard to describe evil aura began to spread throughout the hall, causing the windows and main door to be sealed once again. As if night had fallen in a mere instant, the light in the hall became extremely dim.

“What’s going on?”

“No good…”

“This is the power of darkness...”

The experts from various races hurriedly retreated before operating their bodies and holding their breaths.

Ou Wuji, too, retreated as fast as he could. With green flares wreathing his entire body, he looked most astonishedly at Wei Wubing.

“Mr. Wei Wubing, you...” He could not believe what he was seeing.

This wise advisor whom he had all along trusted and thought to be under his full control was, unexpectedly, in possession of such a terrifying kind of dark power. At present, the power and aura surging in Wei Wubing’s body were increasing in multiples, such that they neared Quasi-emperor level in a mere instant. In particular, the black mist seemed to contain a kind of howling ghost. To his astonishment, Ou Wuji discovered that the yuan essence in his body was being drained at an insane rate by this black mist.

“This is no good, he can devour yuan essence.”

“He’s draining our strength.”

“Dammit, what kind of power is… this?”

As experts from various races, the beings in the mourning hall were all of uncommon strength, yet they quickly discovered that their yuan essences were silently and uncontrollably slipping away amid the black mist. Moreover, the black mist became thicker at the same rate as the loss of their yuan essences, a clear sign that their yuan essences were turning into Wei Wubing’s bodily strength.

Sparing no efforts to try and control their inner yuans, the experts immediately inhibited their yuan qi and guarded.

Aside from Lu Wei, Ren Xingyan, and Uncle Lin, who were being protected under the [Cloud Top Cauldron], Ye Qingyu was the only person among everyone in the hall whose yuan essence remained rock solid and did not leak even the tiniest bit. Amid the ghost howling, he remained as unmoving as a monolith, while his eyes in which purple light flowed quietly observed.

“I’d thought that everything was under control, but who would’ve thought that someone like you would show up and destroy my decades of painstaking efforts in just one day?” Wei Wubing spoke in a changed voice which, sounding like the colliding of iron and stone, was frosty and devoid of all emotion while carrying a distinct and dreadful echo. “But it doesn’t matter. I shall kill everyone in here, and no outsider will know what went on. I’ll still be Wei Wubing, while the murderer of these people would naturally be you, the murderous Insane Devil Ye.”

A near-substantial killing intent pervaded the mourning hall

Everyone’s countenance changed dramatically upon hearing those words.

Wei Wubing’s power has become very frightening after his transformation and is no weaker than the pressure which Ye Qingyu exerted earlier. He does possess the ability to kill everyone here.

Everyone looked at Ye Qingyu.

The development of this affair was so absurd that nobody knew whether to laugh or cry. Originally, the experts of various races had gathered here hoping to kill Ye Qingyu, but they then began to tremble under his butchering blade. At present, however, he had become everyone’s last hope and savior.

“Does this mean that it was also you who plotted against Mr. Ren Puyang?” Killing intent circulated in Ye Qingyu’s voice as wisps of chilly aura diffused from all over his body to resist the black mist in the Void. “Who are your accomplices? Tell me and I shall let you die a little faster.”

“Hahaha, you talk really big, [Ice Sword Killing God] Insane Devil Ye. It’s a pity I’m not one of those good-for-nothings and won’t be frightened by you.” Wei Wubing laughed maniacally. “That’s right, I plotted the killing of Ren Puyang. I can readily see all information received by that fool Ou Wuji, and can naturally find out Ren Puyang’s whereabouts with ease. As for my accomplices… hahaha, you’re already doomed and have no need to know that. Go ask Ren Puyang on the way to the netherworld, hahaha.”

His body was transforming amid his laughter.

His originally thin figure abruptly grew and instantly reached more than four meters in height. White bone spurs pierced through his clothes while black qi wreathed around him and the wrinkles on his face disappeared. As ghost fire danced in his eyes, his skin turned into a strange green-black luster which was glossy like no other. He had completely transformed into a skeleton battle demon which absolutely did not seem like an intelligent creature. However, his overbearing vitality and aura suggested that he was some kind of unknown being.

Everyone in the hall instantly felt that the absorbing and devouring force grew even more frightening than before, as if they had entered a strange devouring force field. They desperately worked up their bodies and were barely able to slow down the speed at which their bodily yuan qi and power was being devoured.

Whiz!

Wei Wubing’s massive body instantly branched out a phantom which arrived in front of Ye Qingyu at lightning speed.

Zip!

His bone claws created a frightening blade strike which could pass for a heavenly blade descending upon the world.

“Wanna challenge me in strength?” Ye Qingyu also laughed out loud as he raised a hand and issued a [Great Light Dragon Punch] forth.

Boom!

The black mist shook.

Wei Wubing’s massive body was sent flying backward.

Ye Qingyu’s figure swayed on the spot.

It took only one stroke to determine who was the superior one.

It was Ye Qingyu, by a narrow margin.

A large battle began.

Within an instant, a black and a white figure had traded innumerable blows in the mourning hall.

Because both of them were extremely close to a Quasi-emperor strength-wise, most battle skills and techniques were ineffective in this battle, and instead they were competing on the basis of their comprehension and mastery of the power of laws, just like in a battle of Quasi-emperors. Wei Wubing’s battle style was clearly focused on physical combat. His white-boned body was massive and near-perfect, such that it was able to exert all kinds of strikes which possessed terrifying might.

However, Ye Qingyu was not to be outdone.

The compact strength of his physical body could be said to be number one in the present age, and as such, his head-to-head combat with Wei Wubing could be likened to a copper pot colliding with an iron brush. Deafening blares resounded throughout the entire hall while terrifying power surged as they struck each other incessantly. The experts from various races felt as though they were being suffocated in a swamp, for they were being pushed toward the edges and corners of the hall by the terrifying power and their breaths had become difficult.

Because the hall had been sealed by the power of darkness, it was impossible for outsiders to perceive what was going on inside no matter what.

“I shall catch you before I slowly interrogate you with torture.” Ye Qingyu was hoping for a quick battle, and did not intend to show any mercy to Ren Puyang’s murderer. Thus, he lost no time in working up the profundity of the [Limitless Divine Way] with a thought.

Meanwhile, Wei Wubing also howled angrily.

He had not expected Ye Qingyu to be not only peerless in sword technique but also this powerful in terms of physical might and no inferior to himself in terms of comprehension of the martial laws. When watching Ye Qingyu crush Ye Chongsheng, he had felt that the former was very powerful, but it was only after actually exchanging blows with him that he realized that the former far exceeded his expectations. This caused a bad feeling to arise in his heart.

“Ugh, [Eyes of Destruction]… Kill!” With an angry howl, he launched a killing blow.

As this place was within the Alliance of Domains after all, he was also hoping for a quick battle so as to avoid being discovered by the outer world. Blood red flames suddenly shot out from his eyes and instantly shrouded Ye Qingyu. The power of these flames was even more terrifying than that of the [Red Lotus Hellfire], incinerating a section of the Void in no time.

Taken by surprise, Ye Qingyu was completely trapped and grilled within the flames.

“Die!”

Wei Wubing’s massive white-boned body closed in on Ye Qingyu as his eyes looked down and continued to shoot forth destructive flames which contained a dense pack of formations. These flames sealed Ye Qingyu’s body within and vaguely formed the appearance of a pill furnace which was frenziedly burning. A terrifying impact caused Ye Qingyu’s figure to draw back without end!

“Lord Ye Qingyu!” Lin Yutang and Tang Chong cried out, looking horrified.

At this time, Ou Wuji’s countenance also changed greatly, eventually turning into that of deep guilt. Gnashing his teeth, he frenziedly worked up his body and charged toward Wei Wubing...







© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1055:


Chapter 1070 I've Turned 100 Years Old in the Blink of an Eye


Ou Wuji charged toward Wei Wubing and unleashed an extremely powerful force along the way.

He knew that he was already a sinner in the eyes of the Human Race headquarters.

He had schemed and plotted to climb his way up into a position of authority, and he planned to lead the headquarters of the Human Race to greater heights. Ou Wuji actually had lofty goals, but he trusted the wrong person and ended up doing many evil deeds. He felt extremely guilty, and it was only now that he realized Wei Wubing had managed to get what he wanted, thanks to his own ambition.

His ambitious goals were just a dream.

Now, he had woken up from his dream.

Much harm had already been done, and there was no way to turn back at this point.

Ou Wuji felt guilty as he stood in the hall of the great human heroes. He was dripping with cold sweat, as if he had just woken up from a nightmare.

As such, he wanted to atone for his sins.

Boom!

He unleashed the pinnacle of his Quasi-emperor power; his entire body transformed into a huge ball of light. He charged forward without any heed for his own safety. He was using up his own life force to break through Wei Wubing's defensive qi barrier...

"Get lost!"

Wei Wubing did not even turn back to look at him and merely made a backhand slash with the bone blade.

Blood splattered everywhere.

Ou Wuji's body was cut in two almost instantly.

Cries of alarm rang out everywhere around them.

"Hahahahaha..." Ou Wuji laughed deliriously. He burned up all of his remaining life force, causing his blood vigor to amplify and his wounds to heal instantly. He launched another kamikaze assault at Wei Wubing again, and he looked like a moth flying into the fire. He was prepared to give up everything to buy Ye Qingyu some time.

"Troublesome!"

Wei Wubing growled and made another backhand slash, piercing through Ou Wuji's entire body. The bone blade went through as if going through candy; a huge amount of blood began flowing down the blade, instantly turning it blood red...

"Haha..." a beast-like sound was emitted by Ou Wuji.

Even though he was an expert at the peak Great Saint realm, among the strongest martial artists in the Vast Thousand Domains, his strength was still much weaker, when compared to an expert like Wei Wubing who had evolved. He could feel his life force draining away and his strength being devoured by the bone blade. Slowly, he lost all ability to resist.

Wei Wubing's bone blade was reverberating, and it was about to render Ou Wuji into dust.

It was at this very moment...

"Why did you do this... [Eyes of the Void]," came Ye Qingyu's voice.

Two purple beams of lightning pierced through the flames from the [Eyes of Destruction], suppressing the black flames before pushing them back. The portal was shattered instantly and the purple beams smashed onto Wei Wubing. It was exactly the same scene as before, but Ye Qingyu had completely gained the upper hand this time. The beams had come out of his eyes, like two divine lightning swords.

Visual prowess against visual prowess.

"Ah..." Wei Wubing roared as he was instantly knocked back.

The bone blade that was his arm had also been slashed into two.

Ou Wuji clattered onto the floor, and a shard of the white bone blade was still embedded in his chest. His black hair had turned snow white, his face was covered in wrinkles and age spots. He looked extremely old, and his original suaveness was completely gone. He was on his last breath.

Ye Qingyu appeared next to him and helped him up.

He had used up all of his life force, and there was no way he could reverse his current condition.

"I... I... was wrong..." Ou Wuji spoke with much difficulty.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

He did not like this person, but even he had to admit that Ou Wuji had achieved glorious feats on behalf of the Human Race, even before he had left the Heaven Wasteland Domain. He was also just a hero and had enjoyed a period of fame, when his dazzling exploits had drawn the attention of many people. Unfortunately, he was corrupted by power when he arrived at the Alliance of Domains. Even so, he had stabilized things in the Human Race headquarters over the past year, after Ren Puyang had left Heaven Connect City. Furthermore, he was also the first person to help him just now, even though Ye Qingyu knew that he did not require Ou Wuji's help.

No matter what happened in the past, Ou Wuji had regretted his actions at the very last moment of his life and chose to walk on the path of redemption.

He was wrong in the past.

His only sin was that he chose the wrong path at the most critical moment of his life.

To be fair, he had done more good than harm to the Human Race headquarters throughout his entire life.

Ou Wuji looked at Ye Qingyu in extreme earnest, as if he wanted to tell him something. Alas, he could no longer speak.

"You'll be placed within this hall after your death," Ye Qingyu sighed. "Your descendants will not be prosecuted, and they'll be treated like the descendants of a hero from the Human Race."

A strange light flickered in Ou Wuji's eyes as he heard Ye Qingyu speak.

It was the light of reflection.

Thank... thank you... it... it only takes a single decision to cause a lifetime of regret, and once you look... look back upon your life, you'll realize that you're already close to death!
A tear fell from his eyes, and he let out a final sigh. His body turned rigid very quickly, and he turned into a swirling column of dust which dissipated beside Ye Qingyu.

The First Deputy of the Human Race had died.

The sight of him dying made everyone extremely sad, Lin Yutang and Tang Chong included.

Their hatred of him had diminished by a great deal after knowing that he was not the mastermind behind Ren Puyang's death. His final decision was worthy of his status and position, as the first deputy of his people.

Rumble!

In a corner deep inside the main hall, Wei Wubing struggled to get up and charged forward again.

The [Eyes of the Void] visual prowess had caused him great damage and nearly shattered his skeletal body. It was not lethal, however, and he could still fight.

"Let's end everything now."

Ye Qingyu's body flickered, and the [Blood Drinker Sword] re-appeared in his hand.

He had deciphered all of Wei Wubing's fighting styles and now knew what realm he was in.

Hiss!

There was a flash of splendor.

A dazzling ray of divine light slashed down toward him.

It was as if the hottest rays of sunlight had been summoned, and everyone felt their eyes hurt. Piercing rays of light emanated from the interior of the mourning hall. Everyone lost their sight temporarily and instinctively shut their eyes.

When they finally opened their eyes, Ye Qingyu had already retracted his sword.

The black mist within the main hall vanished as quickly as a thin layer of snow under the bright sun.

Wei Wubing's huge skeletal body stood rooted to the ground like a sculpture made of bones. He had long lost all of his life force and vitality, and the evil black mist that had been swirling around his body could also be seen to be rapidly disappearing...

"Is it over?"

"Lord Ye Qingyu won, right?"

"What do you think?"

"That last strike from his sword... is not a technique of the human world."

"It slashed anything in its path."

Sporadic exclamations rang out from the experts of various races. Soon, they were out of words when trying to describe what they had just witnessed.

The power of the dark seal was already gone from the mourning hall.

Thump!

Wei Wubing's huge skeletal body split apart right in the middle, and every part of his body was split symmetrically in two. They fell to each side and eventually landed upon the floor of the hall; all his body parts spilled out noisily, as if they were pieces of stone...

Is he dead?

Everyone began taking in huge gulps of air. They had been affected by the terrible shockwave of energy during the battle earlier on, and they really felt as though they could be killed at any time.

Now they felt as though they had survived a huge ordeal.

Ye Qingyu kept his sword.

A thought came into his mind, as he saw the pile of white bones on the floor.

"These bones... they look familiar. I can recall now that they look completely alike the unidentified pile of bones I saw at the bottom of the Fallen God Abyss, in the 17th District of the Black Demon Abyss..." Ye Qingyu announced his discovery. He had taken the risk of sneaking into the Fallen God Abyss to pick some Black Demon Grass, and he had made the alarming discovery of the strange pile of bones then. He even kept some of them and found that they were extremely tough and mysterious. He had wanted to examine them in greater detail originally, but he had not expected that Wei Wubing's body would have been formed by bones of the same kind.

Ye Qingyu squatted down to take a closer look.

"My Lord... is he dead?" Lin Yutang and the others asked as they crowded over.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

He picked up a few pieces of bone casually, before looking at the remaining pile on the ground, seemingly deep in thought.

If he had guessed correctly, Wei Wubing's skeletal body was not that of his true self. It was a tool for battle that he had pieced together at the very last minute, to carry his spirit. Which meant to say...

Whoosh!

A reddish black ray of light shot out from the pile of bones like a flash of lightning. It was headed right out of the mourning hall.

"Oh no..."

"He's still alive."

"Damn!"

Everyone was extremely shocked. It was only then when they realized that Wei Wubing had not perished, and he had discarded his skeletal shell, attempting to escape with his spirit intact.

Ye Qingyu was already on the move.

"Come!"

He moved as quickly as lightning and made the first move. In an instant, he had caught up with the reddish black beam of light. He was holding onto a pill furnace made of white jade, which released a powerful sucking force, absorbing Wei Wubing's spirit right into the artifact.

"No...!" Wei Wubing gave out an indignant roar of anger just as the furnace was sealed shut.

Ye Qingyu placed the furnace on his palm and observed it for a moment. He sealed the lid shut after he was satisfied and kept it away for the time being.

Outside the Alliance of Domains' divine temple.

The Great Dragon Turtle Demon was extremely anxious and paced back and forth, with a look of anxiety plastered onto his face.

He had come looking for Ye Qingyu, but due to his lowly status, he was barred from entry into the inner grounds and could only wait there.

It was already afternoon, and the dark clouds in the sky were slowly dissipating. He could make out the blue skies vaguely. It had been four hours since Ye Qingyu had left for the divine temple of the Alliance of Domains, and the Great Dragon Turtle Demon completely had no idea what was going on inside. The other beings of Heaven Connect City were also concentrating their thoughts on the divine temple, and they wanted to know how things had fared.

Everyone was feeling anxious at the moment.

The Great Dragon Turtle Demon had not come to know about the result of the battle, however.

"What should I do, what should I do?" he asked Lin Baiyi very anxiously. "Lord Ye Qingyu has just returned, and now something so huge has happened in the Heaven Wasteland Domain? Those damned nobodies, how dare they rebel? Someone must have instigated them... Tsk tsk tsk. When will Lord Ye Qingyu come out of the temple? We can't dally for too long."

The usually calm and collected Great Dragon Turtle Demon was extremely anxious.

Lin Baiyi looked very apologetic as well, "If only I had returned half a day earlier. I could have stopped Lord Ye Qingyu before he entered the divine temple."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1056:


Chapter 1071 Riots and Declaration of War
Time slowly ticked by.
Both the Great Dragon Turtle Demon and Lin Baiyi were becoming increasingly anxious.
Unfortunately, due to Ye Qingyu's appearance at the Alliance of Domains' divine temple, the surrounding security was a few times stricter than usual. The amount of sentry airships had increased greatly, and the entire divine mountain was incredibly secure. There was nothing they could do, and if they tried to enter by force, they would end up being slain on the spot.
Time passed by.
The dark clouds in the skies were gradually dispersing.
A bright ray of sunlight fell from above, and the skies suddenly became clear.
"Someone's coming out," a few people observed, instantly creating a huge commotion.
Experts who had come from all corners of the world began surging forward from the foot of the divine temple.
A white airship flew out of an air terminal and cruised around like a small boat, bathing in the bright sunshine.
A figure in white stood ramrod straight at the airship's bow. His clothes were as white as snow; his hair black as ink itself. He looked extremely elegant, and who else was it, other than Ye Qingyu, the [Ice Sword Killing God]?
Everyone exclaimed in surprise after a short moment of silence.
"Ye Qingyu is out."
"He's perfectly fine, and it looks as if he wasn't injured at all."
"Did he... actually win?"
"That's incredible. To think that he was able to walk out of the divine temple alive. Weren't both demons and humans intending to kill him in Ren Puyang's mourning hall? Could we have received the wrong news? Or perhaps..."
"Perhaps Ou Wuji and the Demon Race headquarters failed to take him down."
"What exactly happened in the mourning hall?"
"Lin Yutang is also out, and he's with Ye Qingyu. How was he released from the secret dungeon?"
"I have a feeling that something extraordinary happened inside the mourning hall."
Everyone was extremely shocked to see Ye Qingyu walk out of the Alliance of Domains' divine temple in one piece. This was because all of them knew what his trip to the mourning hall symbolized. Ren Puyang's funeral parlor was a real tiger's den and everyone had predicted that Ye Qingyu was probably doomed. No matter how famous he was, or how big a name he had made for himself recently, logically he would still be unable to withstand the might of the Alliance of Domains. After all, it was no Black Moon Immortal Palace.
Now, however, Ye Qingyu was walking out of the mourning hall alive.
Not only was he alive, he looked very well nourished and unrestrained.
This was what they could not understand.
The airship flew until it arrived at the foot of the divine temple. It then began to land.
Ye Qingyu walked down from the airship with Lu Wei, Ren Xingyan, Uncle Lin and the others.
The Great Dragon Turtle Demon was overjoyed, his anxiety now gone. It then recalled something and rushed up to Ye Qingyu to say, "My Lord, my Lord, I bring urgent news from the Heaven Wasteland Domain," he said, without a care for what others thought. It was a top urgent matter that required Ye Qingyu's attention, and he could not calm himself down. In the next moment, he had passed a strip of jade the size of his palm over to Ye Qingyu.
Ye Qingyu glanced at Lin Baiyi, who was standing beside him, before receiving the strip and reading its contents.
He looked calm even after he had finished reading, replying, "Noted. We'll discuss about this on our way back."
The Great Dragon Turtle Demon nodded and let out a sigh of relief.
"My Lord," Lin Baiyi said as he greeted Ye Qingyu after he had finished speaking to the Great Dragon Turtle Demon.
Ye Qingyu nodded and said, "You don't have to stand on ceremony with me, Brother Lin Baiyi."
He turned after he had finished speaking to look at Tang Chong and Lin Yutang. "Please go back. The headquarters of the Human Race have no one to lead them now; both of you have to return quickly to hold the fort. There are many matters that are awaiting you two to intervene and correct. We can't afford to let this chaotic situation continue. Now that Lord Ren Puyang's personal matters have been settled, you just have to go to the Heaven Wasteland Building to let me know when the burial is taking place. At that time, I'll bring Ren Xingyan over to attend the ceremony."
Ye Qingyu had already accepted Ren Xingyan as his disciple before leaving the mourning hall.
He did this to protect Ren Xingyan.
After all, even though the force supporting Ye Chongsheng behind the scenes had temporarily retreated, it should not be underestimated. If it rose again, it would surely try to make things difficult for Ren Xingyan. As such, Ye Qingyu wanted the boy to follow him around.
"Yes, Sir," replied Tang Chong.
Lin Yutang bowed and acknowledged the order as well. He then spoke somewhat hesitantly, "Lord Ye Qingyu, since we have no one to lead us, why don't you hold down the fort yourself? If you lead us, then..."
Ye Qingyu waved his hands, "I've already made it very clear that the battle in the mourning hall was not about me. I won't take up the Chief Official’s post, and we'll have to find someone else for that seat. I will still care about matters pertaining to the headquarters of the Human Race. Both of you can feel free to act accordingly, and you can request for the second deputy to take over temporarily when he's back... oh, right, no one should ill treat Lord Ou Wuji's family."
There was nothing Lin Yutang could do to persuade him to change his mind.
Like Tang Chong, Lin Yutang had hoped that Ye Qingyu would take up the post of Chief Official in the headquarters of the Human Race. With the fearsome reputation he had earned from today's battle in the mourning hall, things would go much more smoothly in the future if Ye Qingyu agreed. Both of them believed that none of the other major races would offer much resistance and their headquarters would be able to grow at a steady pace. The humans needed an iron-fisted and strong leader to guide them toward the proper path, but unfortunately Deputy Ye Qingyu kept refusing the offer. He was not really keen on the position.
After making some simple arrangements, Ye Qingyu, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others boarded another airship and left the Divine Temple District of the Alliance of Domains.
Countless pairs of eyes watched them leave.
Ye Qingyu made no attempt to hide his words to Lin Yutang and Tang Chong from the others, and as a result a few people who were trying to eavesdrop overheard their conversation. This caused a huge commotion instantly, and even though it was a simple exchange of words, and none of them explicitly said anything, the message within was enough to light up the entire Heaven Connect City. This was especially so when they noticed the expressions of the two Commanders of the White-robed Divine Guards. They had a feeling that something terrible had happened in the mourning hall.
Very quickly, the entire Heaven Connect City was enveloped in shock and chaos.
Countless factions were hell bent on finding out the truth about what had happened in the mourning hall.
What disappointed them the most was that the experts of various races who had witnessed the entire incident were unwilling to divulge much, as if they were afraid of something. They did not give out any concrete information. The human and demon martial arts experts who were on sentry duty outside the hall did not know what had happened inside, as the entire hall had been entirely sealed off from the public since it was set up.
There was something that everyone could agree on though. It spread very quickly...
Insane Devil Ye, the [Ice Sword Killing God], had won again!
It was incredible.
In the Heaven Wasteland Building.
"Lord Ye Qingyu, the situation is extremely urgent. No one expected that the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race would rebel at this moment. They gave no warning signs, and when the Empire began to react, an entire swath of territory in the Northeast District fell into their hands. The warriors and officers that the Empire stationed in this district, along with the main body of the Northeastern Army, have been completely defeated and annihilated. The barbarians are crazy," Lin Baiyi reported briefly. "Other than that, other rebellions have taken place; the barbarians of the Great Northwest Desert, the Snow Ground Demon Court and the Southern Waters. They are of a smaller scale, however, and have been immediately suppressed. Her Majesty is furious and is prepared to march to the White Mountain Black Water himself. The sudden change of the situation in the Heaven Wasteland Domain from stable to chaotic has been attributed by Lord Lin Zheng, General Li Guangbi and the other important officials to a force from a foreign domain..."
The Great Dragon Turtle Demon was wiping away his cold sweat as he listened.
Earlier that morning, just as Ye Qingyu left, the urgent news had been delivered.
No one expected that something like that could have happened.
After Yu Xiaoxing became Empress, the Heaven Wasteland Domain had undergone a huge revolution. Peace and prosperity reigned in the domain now, and its grip on the lands controlled by the four major foreign races was exceptionally strong. It was originally as stable as a sheet of iron, and everyone thought that peace would continue to reign in the increasingly prosperous Heaven Wasteland Empire. Just at this moment, the spark of rebellion was lit, and the fiefdom of the four foreign races became chaotic. To the big wigs of the Empire, this was completely unexpected, and it left them scrambling to salvage the situation.
Luckily, other than the rebellion of the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race, the revolts of the other three foreign races were quickly suppressed.
However, White Mountain Black Water was totally beyond control at this point. There was a mysterious power backing the barbarians, and the Empire failed to counterattack twice. The entire district fell into their hands, and Empress Yu Xiaoxing was so angry that she was ready to march forth to White Mountain, to quell the rebellion and destroy the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race. The other important officials like Lin Zheng held her back, however.
This was roughly how the current situation in the Empire was.
Ye Qingyu nodded slightly after hearing Lin Baiyi speak.
He knew that something like this would happen sooner or later. To be honest, it did not surprise him much.
The revolts happened more than half a year after his disappearance in the Wei River Mountain Range. This was understandable - the jackals, who had been eyeing the prosperous land of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, must have thought that he was dead and took the once in a lifetime opportunity to strike.
"My Lord, I'll make arrangements immediately to purchase the necessary travel pass. We'll be back in the Heaven Wasteland Domain in two hours time at most," the Great Dragon Turtle Demon hurriedly said. They had to submit their request for purchasing travel passes in advance, as there was always heavy traffic to and from the Domain Gate of Heaven Connect City. Due to urgency, they had purchased theirs at a premium, but still they had to wait for two hours.
The Heaven Wasteland Domain urgently required an iron-fisted individual like Ye Qingyu to hold the fort now.
Ye Qingyu thought about it for a while before nodding.
The Great Dragon Turtle Demon immediately went off to make the necessary arrangements.
He was not really worried about the Heaven Wasteland Domain. He could quell the rebellions easily and fish out all of the masterminds behind the revolts; getting rid of all of them would also be simple. His biggest concern now was still the death of Ren Puyang. He had already seized Wei Wubing's spirit earlier in the mourning hall, and he wanted to force him to speak and tell the truth. What sort of faction was behind him that would target the Human Race headquarters and plot to assassinate Ren Puyang in the Dark Realm?
Ren Puyang was Ye Qingyu's benefactor.
As such, Ye Qingyu swore that he would uproot the mysterious force of evil behind his death.
Ye Qingyu had a feeling that this force must be very terrifying. Perhaps, it was connected with the [Camp] behind the Four Stars Sect.
He drew out the white pill furnace and was about to interrogate Wei Wubing when the Great Dragon Turtle Demon returned as hurriedly as he had left. He looked angry and flustered, and he was panting as he charged in. "My Lord, my Lord... I've received news that the Dragonblood Dynasty has suddenly amassed a huge amount of troops and broke through the barriers separating our domains. They're led by the Dragon Human General, Xu Wuya, and have invaded the Heaven Wasteland Domain in one fell swoop. They claim to be intending to slaughter any living being in the Heaven Wasteland Domain... those damned Dragon Humans, they've officially declared war against the Heaven Wasteland Domain!"
Chapter 1071 Riots and Declaration of War

Time slowly ticked by.
Both the Great Dragon Turtle Demon and Lin Baiyi were becoming increasingly anxious.
Unfortunately, due to Ye Qingyu's appearance at the Alliance of Domains' divine temple, the surrounding security was a few times stricter than usual. The amount of sentry airships had increased greatly, and the entire divine mountain was incredibly secure. There was nothing they could do, and if they tried to enter by force, they would end up being slain on the spot.
Time passed by.
The dark clouds in the skies were gradually dispersing.
A bright ray of sunlight fell from above, and the skies suddenly became clear.
"Someone's coming out," a few people observed, instantly creating a huge commotion.
Experts who had come from all corners of the world began surging forward from the foot of the divine temple.
A white airship flew out of an air terminal and cruised around like a small boat, bathing in the bright sunshine.
A figure in white stood ramrod straight at the airship's bow. His clothes were as white as snow; his hair black as ink itself. He looked extremely elegant, and who else was it, other than Ye Qingyu, the [Ice Sword Killing God]?
Everyone exclaimed in surprise after a short moment of silence.
"Ye Qingyu is out."
"He's perfectly fine, and it looks as if he wasn't injured at all."
"Did he... actually win?"
"That's incredible. To think that he was able to walk out of the divine temple alive. Weren't both demons and humans intending to kill him in Ren Puyang's mourning hall? Could we have received the wrong news? Or perhaps..."
"Perhaps Ou Wuji and the Demon Race headquarters failed to take him down."
"What exactly happened in the mourning hall?"
"Lin Yutang is also out, and he's with Ye Qingyu. How was he released from the secret dungeon?"
"I have a feeling that something extraordinary happened inside the mourning hall."
Everyone was extremely shocked to see Ye Qingyu walk out of the Alliance of Domains' divine temple in one piece. This was because all of them knew what his trip to the mourning hall symbolized. Ren Puyang's funeral parlor was a real tiger's den and everyone had predicted that Ye Qingyu was probably doomed. No matter how famous he was, or how big a name he had made for himself recently, logically he would still be unable to withstand the might of the Alliance of Domains. After all, it was no Black Moon Immortal Palace.
Now, however, Ye Qingyu was walking out of the mourning hall alive.
Not only was he alive, he looked very well nourished and unrestrained.
This was what they could not understand.
The airship flew until it arrived at the foot of the divine temple. It then began to land.
Ye Qingyu walked down from the airship with Lu Wei, Ren Xingyan, Uncle Lin and the others.
The Great Dragon Turtle Demon was overjoyed, his anxiety now gone. It then recalled something and rushed up to Ye Qingyu to say, "My Lord, my Lord, I bring urgent news from the Heaven Wasteland Domain," he said, without a care for what others thought. It was a top urgent matter that required Ye Qingyu's attention, and he could not calm himself down. In the next moment, he had passed a strip of jade the size of his palm over to Ye Qingyu.
Ye Qingyu glanced at Lin Baiyi, who was standing beside him, before receiving the strip and reading its contents.
He looked calm even after he had finished reading, replying, "Noted. We'll discuss about this on our way back."
The Great Dragon Turtle Demon nodded and let out a sigh of relief.
"My Lord," Lin Baiyi said as he greeted Ye Qingyu after he had finished speaking to the Great Dragon Turtle Demon.
Ye Qingyu nodded and said, "You don't have to stand on ceremony with me, Brother Lin Baiyi."
He turned after he had finished speaking to look at Tang Chong and Lin Yutang. "Please go back. The headquarters of the Human Race have no one to lead them now; both of you have to return quickly to hold the fort. There are many matters that are awaiting you two to intervene and correct. We can't afford to let this chaotic situation continue. Now that Lord Ren Puyang's personal matters have been settled, you just have to go to the Heaven Wasteland Building to let me know when the burial is taking place. At that time, I'll bring Ren Xingyan over to attend the ceremony."
Ye Qingyu had already accepted Ren Xingyan as his disciple before leaving the mourning hall.
He did this to protect Ren Xingyan.
After all, even though the force supporting Ye Chongsheng behind the scenes had temporarily retreated, it should not be underestimated. If it rose again, it would surely try to make things difficult for Ren Xingyan. As such, Ye Qingyu wanted the boy to follow him around.
"Yes, Sir," replied Tang Chong.
Lin Yutang bowed and acknowledged the order as well. He then spoke somewhat hesitantly, "Lord Ye Qingyu, since we have no one to lead us, why don't you hold down the fort yourself? If you lead us, then..."
Ye Qingyu waved his hands, "I've already made it very clear that the battle in the mourning hall was not about me. I won't take up the Chief Official’s post, and we'll have to find someone else for that seat. I will still care about matters pertaining to the headquarters of the Human Race. Both of you can feel free to act accordingly, and you can request for the second deputy to take over temporarily when he's back... oh, right, no one should ill treat Lord Ou Wuji's family."
There was nothing Lin Yutang could do to persuade him to change his mind.
Like Tang Chong, Lin Yutang had hoped that Ye Qingyu would take up the post of Chief Official in the headquarters of the Human Race. With the fearsome reputation he had earned from today's battle in the mourning hall, things would go much more smoothly in the future if Ye Qingyu agreed. Both of them believed that none of the other major races would offer much resistance and their headquarters would be able to grow at a steady pace. The humans needed an iron-fisted and strong leader to guide them toward the proper path, but unfortunately Deputy Ye Qingyu kept refusing the offer. He was not really keen on the position.
After making some simple arrangements, Ye Qingyu, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others boarded another airship and left the Divine Temple District of the Alliance of Domains.
Countless pairs of eyes watched them leave.
Ye Qingyu made no attempt to hide his words to Lin Yutang and Tang Chong from the others, and as a result a few people who were trying to eavesdrop overheard their conversation. This caused a huge commotion instantly, and even though it was a simple exchange of words, and none of them explicitly said anything, the message within was enough to light up the entire Heaven Connect City. This was especially so when they noticed the expressions of the two Commanders of the White-robed Divine Guards. They had a feeling that something terrible had happened in the mourning hall.
Very quickly, the entire Heaven Connect City was enveloped in shock and chaos.
Countless factions were hell bent on finding out the truth about what had happened in the mourning hall.
What disappointed them the most was that the experts of various races who had witnessed the entire incident were unwilling to divulge much, as if they were afraid of something. They did not give out any concrete information. The human and demon martial arts experts who were on sentry duty outside the hall did not know what had happened inside, as the entire hall had been entirely sealed off from the public since it was set up.
There was something that everyone could agree on though. It spread very quickly...
Insane Devil Ye, the [Ice Sword Killing God], had won again!
It was incredible.
In the Heaven Wasteland Building.
"Lord Ye Qingyu, the situation is extremely urgent. No one expected that the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race would rebel at this moment. They gave no warning signs, and when the Empire began to react, an entire swath of territory in the Northeast District fell into their hands. The warriors and officers that the Empire stationed in this district, along with the main body of the Northeastern Army, have been completely defeated and annihilated. The barbarians are crazy," Lin Baiyi reported briefly. "Other than that, other rebellions have taken place; the barbarians of the Great Northwest Desert, the Snow Ground Demon Court and the Southern Waters. They are of a smaller scale, however, and have been immediately suppressed. Her Majesty is furious and is prepared to march to the White Mountain Black Water himself. The sudden change of the situation in the Heaven Wasteland Domain from stable to chaotic has been attributed by Lord Lin Zheng, General Li Guangbi and the other important officials to a force from a foreign domain..."
The Great Dragon Turtle Demon was wiping away his cold sweat as he listened.
Earlier that morning, just as Ye Qingyu left, the urgent news had been delivered.
No one expected that something like that could have happened.
After Yu Xiaoxing became Empress, the Heaven Wasteland Domain had undergone a huge revolution. Peace and prosperity reigned in the domain now, and its grip on the lands controlled by the four major foreign races was exceptionally strong. It was originally as stable as a sheet of iron, and everyone thought that peace would continue to reign in the increasingly prosperous Heaven Wasteland Empire. Just at this moment, the spark of rebellion was lit, and the fiefdom of the four foreign races became chaotic. To the big wigs of the Empire, this was completely unexpected, and it left them scrambling to salvage the situation.
Luckily, other than the rebellion of the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race, the revolts of the other three foreign races were quickly suppressed.
However, White Mountain Black Water was totally beyond control at this point. There was a mysterious power backing the barbarians, and the Empire failed to counterattack twice. The entire district fell into their hands, and Empress Yu Xiaoxing was so angry that she was ready to march forth to White Mountain, to quell the rebellion and destroy the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race. The other important officials like Lin Zheng held her back, however.
This was roughly how the current situation in the Empire was.
Ye Qingyu nodded slightly after hearing Lin Baiyi speak.
He knew that something like this would happen sooner or later. To be honest, it did not surprise him much.
The revolts happened more than half a year after his disappearance in the Wei River Mountain Range. This was understandable - the jackals, who had been eyeing the prosperous land of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, must have thought that he was dead and took the once in a lifetime opportunity to strike.
"My Lord, I'll make arrangements immediately to purchase the necessary travel pass. We'll be back in the Heaven Wasteland Domain in two hours time at most," the Great Dragon Turtle Demon hurriedly said. They had to submit their request for purchasing travel passes in advance, as there was always heavy traffic to and from the Domain Gate of Heaven Connect City. Due to urgency, they had purchased theirs at a premium, but still they had to wait for two hours.
The Heaven Wasteland Domain urgently required an iron-fisted individual like Ye Qingyu to hold the fort now.
Ye Qingyu thought about it for a while before nodding.
The Great Dragon Turtle Demon immediately went off to make the necessary arrangements.
He was not really worried about the Heaven Wasteland Domain. He could quell the rebellions easily and fish out all of the masterminds behind the revolts; getting rid of all of them would also be simple. His biggest concern now was still the death of Ren Puyang. He had already seized Wei Wubing's spirit earlier in the mourning hall, and he wanted to force him to speak and tell the truth. What sort of faction was behind him that would target the Human Race headquarters and plot to assassinate Ren Puyang in the Dark Realm?
Ren Puyang was Ye Qingyu's benefactor.
As such, Ye Qingyu swore that he would uproot the mysterious force of evil behind his death.
Ye Qingyu had a feeling that this force must be very terrifying. Perhaps, it was connected with the [Camp] behind the Four Stars Sect.
He drew out the white pill furnace and was about to interrogate Wei Wubing when the Great Dragon Turtle Demon returned as hurriedly as he had left. He looked angry and flustered, and he was panting as he charged in. "My Lord, my Lord... I've received news that the Dragonblood Dynasty has suddenly amassed a huge amount of troops and broke through the barriers separating our domains. They're led by the Dragon Human General, Xu Wuya, and have invaded the Heaven Wasteland Domain in one fell swoop. They claim to be intending to slaughter any living being in the Heaven Wasteland Domain... those damned Dragon Humans, they've officially declared war against the Heaven Wasteland Domain!"
© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

