Chapter 9:


Chapter 9 – Bai Yuqing

After numerous years of tradition, an atmosphere of legend and mystery enshrouded the [Residence of Heaven’s Will].

In the minds of the students it represented an indisputable and unattainable status. Other student groups and clubs could hardly compare. In these past years, even the higher ups of White Deer Academy gave it a significant amount of attention.

For every White Deer Academy student, to be able of enter the [Residence of Heaven’s Will] once, would become a symbol of status.

The moonlight was bright.

Today the [Residence of Heaven’s Will] was especially active.

The previous year’s fourth year students were just graduating and the new fourth year students were about to become the new senior students of the academy. The leaders of the [Residence of Heaven’s Will] had also passed on the control of the residence by relinquishing it to the three most exceptional aristocratic students.

The banquet was held namely for this occasion.

The energy formation separated this water garden from the outside world. In the night, it glimmered with a dazzling brightness, making it seem glorious and beautiful.

As a student passed by here, faintly hear the sounds of dance and music, they could not help but display an expression of admiration and envy.

It was a pity that to enter here, the requirements were too high. Even for a typical person from a small noble family, they did not possess the rights to enter here.

In the same night, Jiang Xiaohan’s mood was not bad.

Because this was her first time entering the [Residence of Heaven’s Will].

From the first moment on when entering the White Deer Academy, one of Jiang Xiaohan’s goals was to be able to enter the [Residence of Heaven’s Will] and to become a member of this top group.

For this she had sacrificed a lot, being rejected numerous times and mocked.

She hated the fact that she did not come from a noble family, she hated her parents who were only the lowly poor.

She evidently had exceptional talent in the martial path, greatly exceeding a typical noble child. But she had to endure the shame of her background, she had to put in hundreds, thousands of times the normal effort to achieve recognition.

And the reason that she was able to appear in the [Residence of Heaven’s Will], was not due to her own efforts and talent, making the group recognise her. It was only due to the fact that Han Xiaofei had gifted her tickets to the banquet tonight.

See, this was the laughable reality.

People from a noble family could casually gift tickets that children from a poor background could never obtain, even if they put in a thousand times the effort.

Within Jiang Xiaohan’s heart she felt sorrowful, but she still wore her most beautiful outfit to make herself seem dazzling. On her face, she had her more beautiful and sincere smile, linking arms with Han Xiaofei and appearing in the banquet.

She was able to tell that the instant she appeared in the banquet numerous eyes of male students brightened.

Those lofty noble female students, none of them could compare with her.

“Xiaofei, you’re late, you must be punished to drink…” A tall noble student came over and greeted Han Xiaofei. Then his gaze fell upon Jiang Xiaohan, saying, “Your female partner is very beautiful, which family does she comes from… She seems slightly familiar…”

Then, few more people who were familiar with Han Xiaofei came over to socialize.

“Let me introduce you, this is junior sister Xiaohan who was able to enter the top twenty in the Deer City rankings.”

“Jiang Xiaohan? Eh, I’ve heard…” The tall noble students seem to have thought of something, frowning.

Jiang Xiaohan could be counted as a significant figure within the fourth year. But due to her family background, she originally did not have the right to appear in the [Residence of Heaven’s Will]. Who would have thought that Han Xiaofei would bring her here, disregarding the rules slightly.

But after thinking for a bit, one of the current leaders of the [Residence of Heaven’s Will] was Han Xiaofei’s cousin, Han Shuangfu. With this connection, he estimated that Han Xiaofei would not be punished or blamed.

In a short while, a considerate amount of people had gathered near Han Xiaofei.

Jiang Xiaohan put out all the stops and very quickly these haughty aristocrats were talking and laughing with her, she rapidly became a hit.

One could not deny, that this beautiful girl had exceptional charisma and allure.

“I heard that senior brother Xiaofei and junior sister Xiaohan went to the selection grounds today? Did you encounter any interesting things?” intoxicated by liquor, the tall noble student casually asked.

Han Xiaofei had a faint smile; “Nothing much, but junior sister Xiaohan managed to meet with someone from her past…”

“Eh? Who is this person, let’s hear it,” some people encouraged.

Jiang Xiaohan lowered the goblet in her hand and with a beautiful smile casually said, “It was only one of my childhood playmates. He had entered this year’s selection process, but maybe because of impacts from these past years, his brain has become a bit abnormal. He keeps thinking that he is a genius, going insane after reaching his limit. I saw he was so pitiful, I only went to try and persuade him with a few words…”

“These kinds of trash without any shred of self-awareness is plenty everywhere. Junior sister Xiaohan you are kind, you did not need to interfere at all,” a noble girl with large eyes said.

“Oh, I just could not bear it…” Jiang Xiaohan sighed, displaying an extremely regretful appearance.

“Junior sister Xiaohan’s playmate from her childhood? Then does this mean, he is already fourteen or fifteen years old? Haha, in so many years, still not being able to enter the academy, he is definitely garbage…” The noble students loudly laughed.

After finishing laughing, the noble students casually asked, “Does this idiot have a name? Come, say it for everyone to hear, haha!”

“That’s right, this is an extremely interesting event,” Han Xiaofei with a faint smile, said, “That’s right, what’s the name of the loach again? Junior sister Xiaohan.”

Jiang Xiaohan, hearing that, said with a full smile, “Thinking about it, this fellow is pretty famous within Deer City but it is not the good kind of fame… He’s called Ye Qingyu!”

Before the voice had fully dispersed.

The smiling expression of the tall student and the other nobles had frozen.

“Ye Qingyu?” The tall student’s tone has changed slightly, saying, “That fellow is your childhood playmate?”

Jiang Xiaohan did not manage to notice the change in attitude of the group. She said with a smile, “That’s right, it was the person who was once named the number one genius. The joke of the previous Dean, he actually believed! Speaking about it, he is rather pitiful…”

After leaving the blood qi appraisal grounds today, to prepare for tonight’s banquet she was accompanied by Han Xiaofei to select her outfit for tonight. Therefore, the things that happened after, she certainly had no knowledge of.

To be able to enter the [Residence of Heaven’s Will] evening banquet for a girl drunk in status like her, was absolutely the most important thing to happen to her after entering White Deer Academy. She had diverted her entire attention and immersed herself in enjoyment and joy of being able to attend this event, completely not considering Ye Qingyu’s affairs.

And the Han Xiaofei who was accompanying her all along, naturally would also not know what happened afterwards.

But the noble students and the other fourth year students were extremely clear of what had happened and Ye Qingyu’s terrifying performance.

Using only five appraisals, not only entering White Deer Academy, but also managing to rank number twenty-one in the examination rankings.

This kind of person, how did he become the pitiful person Jiang Xiaohan was describing.

Within the entire Deer City, it was unknown how many people’s faces were ferociously slapped until swollen tonight. It was even more unknown, how many people hoped to become a ‘pitiful’ person like Ye Qingyu!

“Ah, senior brother Han, concerning this Ye Qingyu… do you also feel that he is a pitiful worm?” A noble student with a good relationship called Gao Shenghan, coughed twice to hint at something lest he say something wrong.

Han Xiaofei did not manage to catch the signal, casually saying with a smile, “What’s wrong with that appraisal? A loach dreaming of becoming a genius, fantasizing about becoming a carp leaping over the dragon gate*. He has dreamed too much that he is quickly going insane!”

Jiang Xiaohan continued on with a smile, saying, “That’s right, this Ye Qingyu is already crazy. After becoming the laughing stock of Deer City in his fifth attempt to enter the academy, the head supervisor in order to not let him be embarrassed, intentionally allowed him to wait to go through the test when no one was there. Who knew he would not appreciate the thought behind this, but would instead cause trouble in the testing area? Because I remembered our shared history, I went to give him a few words of advice but he mocked me instead…”

Before she had finished, suddenly a voice was heard—

“Hypocrisy! Laughable! Pitiful! Ignorance!”

These words were said bitingly and clear, bringing with it an undisguised contempt and disdain. It was obviously targeted at Jiang Xiaohan and Han Xiaofei.

Han Xiaofei’s expression darkened.

What kind of person would dare to be so arrogant in front of him?

He turned his head to look with a face filled with rage, and in the far away light saw a student wearing robes as white as snow walking towards him.

The next instant, the anger on his face disappeared entirely.

The figure walking towards him was an extremely beautiful girl.

With a graceful posture and a slim waist, she had a thick cloud of black hair which set off her white jade-like skin even more. What was originally an ordinary student robe, when she wore it, it became like something sacred. She managed to bring out what normal people could not in the robe, and the robe accentuated her long legs.

She came from under the moonlight, as if she was an aloof ice fairy.

“So it was Senior Sister Bai Yuqing!”

“We greet Senior Sister Bai!”

“No wonder, the person who did not give face to Han Xiaofei was her.

She is currently the fairy of White Deer Academy, the number one Bai Yuqing and also one of the three leaders of [Residence of Heaven’s Will].”

“The influence of the Bai family is definitely not weaker in the slightest when compared to the Han family.”

At this instant, everyone chattered with excitement. Every student stood and greeted the white-robed Bai Yuqing, evidently showing the high status she had within White Deer Academy’s fourth year students.

Even Han Xiaofei dared not tarry, standing and greeting Bai Yuqing with his hands clasped.

Jiang Xiaohan lowered her head slightly, a hint of anger flashing through her eyes. She knew that this girl was insulting her, but she could not show the slightest trace of dissatisfaction.

This girl called Bai Yuqing, the position and status that she possessed had always been a figure that Jiang Xiaohan admired and envied at the same time.

*Chinese idiom, basically the carp once it had leaped over the gate would become a dragon.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 10:


Chapter 10 – It’s Not That He Can’t, But It’s That He Won’t

Jiang Xiaohan could be counted as a goddess within White Deer Academy, possessing abundant admirers but when compared to Bai Yuqing, it was like the difference between the sky and the earth.

Bai Yuqing of White Deer Academy!

She was truly a goddess that can affect the entire Deer City.

“What is the meaning behind senior sister Bai’s words, can it be that you are familiar with a trash like Ye Qingyu?”

Bai Yuqing was like ethereal frozen moonlight. She gave him a glance but did not say anything.

But Han Xiaofei understood the meaning behind that glance—

It was a type of lofty disdain and contempt that naturally exhibited itself.

As one of the top four handsome men within the academy, within the eyes of the number one goddess of White Deer Academy, he was not any different from a flea.

This caused Han Xiaofei to be unspeakably furious.

But there was nothing he could do.

“Haha, Junior Brother Han may not know, but the trash that you mentioned in today’s examination rankings achieved a shocking result.

Just by relying on the results of five appraisals, he was able to enter the top thirty of the rankings. Furthermore, he was personally admitted by great teacher Hon, becoming the first in history who obtained the right to enter the academy just by doing five appraisals,” a noble carrying a fan walked out from beside Bai Yuqing said with a faint smile.

Once the noble had finished speaking, Han Xiaofei instantly realised what had happened and the rage in his heart instantly turned into consternation.

And Jiang Xiaohan’s expression at the same instant, underwent a huge change.

“What did you say? How is this possible? Only going through five appraisals but placing in the top thirty, does this mean…” Han Xiaofei thought of a difficult to believe explanation.

“That’s right,” the noble carrying a fan confirmed with a smile. “The results of Ye Qingyu’s five appraisals, was the top results possible…”

After saying this, he hesitated for a bit feeling that his words were not impactful enough. “According to rumours this was because of limits in the testing apparatus of White Deer Academy, perhaps, Ye Qingyu’s performance is even more terrifying and is in a realm we cannot hope to comprehend.

Han Xiaofei was dumbfounded.

“How is this possible?” Jiang Xiaohan involuntarily shouted. “That trash how can he reach this stage? If he was really so gifted, then in the previous four examinations how did he perform so badly? He… must have cheated!”

Numerous eyes concentrated on her.

The fan carrying students still retained his faint smile, but the gaze he used to look at Jiang Xiaohan was now filled with a slight mockery.

“Cheating? How is that possible, the instruments used to examine the students in the selection process are made by experts of the Bitter Sea stage. It has never failed before. From the time since White Deer Academy was founded, no one has successfully cheated before.

Besides, within the appraisals there were hundreds if not thousands of people spectating, with great teacher Hon personally supervising. Ye Qingyu is but a commoner, what kind of method could he use to cheat?”

“Since Senior Brother Zhou Yu has judged that he did not cheat, then naturally he did not cheat.” Han Xiaofei recovered his posture, looking embarrassed.

The fan carrying noble student was called Zhou Yu and was similarly from a noble family. From when he was small, he read all sorts of books claiming that he has an eidetic memory, reading over 10 thousand scrolls. He possessed profound wisdom and never made a mistake and was also skilled in the art of divination where it was rumoured that he could understand Heaven’s Will. An air of mystery surrounded him and he was known as [Little Wizard] within the students.

Within the fourth year students, Zhou Yu was one of the top five in the rankings, considerably higher than Han Xiaofei.

There naturally could be no objection to his words.

Han Xiaofei secretly gave Jiang Xiaohan a signal, indicating that she should no longer speak about Ye Qingyu. Being laughed at was one thing, but offending Bai Yuqing and Zhou Yu would be a great loss.

Furthermore, the events tonight was evidently caused through the fact that they did not pay attention to the news, saying wrong things and becoming a laughingstock.

But the mental state of Jiang Xiaohan had already been devastated by this piece of news.

Her brain was a complete blank. At this instant, even she herself was not clear on what her emotions were – was it regret, was it rage or was it something else entirely? In the end, this emotional turmoil caused this clever, beautiful girl to entirely miss Han Xiaofei’s signal.

If it was her on any other day, she would definitely shut her mouth. But at this instant, she had already lost all reasoning. She again questioned in a loud voice, “Impossible, completely impossible, if he did not cheat…

Then how do you explain his previous four performances”

Zhou Yu seemed as if he had already predicted this question.

He waved his fan, and with his signature smile, said, “Idiots are always fooled by the scenes in front of him. Wise people can see the truth behind the scenes. Ye Qingyu’s performance in the last four years, the only reason he could have performed so badly can only be due to one thing: Its not that he can’t, but it’s that he won’t.”

“He won’t?” Jiang Xiaohan hesitated.

“I guess that Ye Qingyu has some sort of special reason that he doesn’t want to enter White Deer Academy. He intentionally failed his examination so that was the reason why he performed so poorly. He pretended he was dumb, so people naturally wouldn’t suspect anything.

And this time where he shocked everyone, was because this time he finally wants to enter the White Deer Academy, so he showed his true ability.”

Everyone who heard this could not help but be dumbfounded.

If that was really true, then this Ye Qingyu was really too terrifying.

A person, how confident does one have to be, to make such a crazy choice?

He consecutively gave up four times the chance to enter the White Deer academy. This kind of chance was extremely rare – even for the youths from small noble families or merchant families.

In an instant, the originally festive and bustling evening banquet, became silent.

When Jiang Xiaohan had recovered her mental state a little, monstrous waves was crashing in her heart.

Then if what he said was real, then the boy who stole chicken eggs for her when she was who she regarded as a hero, the boy who she had already judged as an insignificant laughingstock, had already become a true hero.

But her choice was…

At this instant, Jiang Xiaohan’s heart was filled with regret.

But this regret, was very quickly and forcefully dispersed by her.

Her heart was covered with anger and hatred.

Ye Qingyu must have done this intentionally!

He must have done this intentionally, choosing to enter White Deer Academy at this time, making her a joke in her first time appearing in the [Residence of Heaven’s Will]. This kind of person, was too shameless and despicable.

After a long while, this rare silence was finally broken by a sound.

“So what? Even if he is more confident, to waste 4 golden years, adding in his poor background without the support of spirit medicines, Ye Qingyu no longer has anything to look forward. You have to realize that cultivating has long been the choice of wealthy people. It’s truly a pity with his talent, it’s truly a waste of a treasure!”

This voice ringed across the hall.

The person who spoke was Bai Yuqing.

The number one goddess of the academy would rarely open her mouth and evaluate other students.

But this time, she broke from the norm and evaluated Ye Qingyu.

At this time, everyone could not make clear from what perspective was this goddess standing at. Previously when she spoke she was defending Ye Qingyu, but this time she was demeaning him with her evaluation.

Hearing these words, without knowing why, Jiang Xiaohan’s heart began beating happily.

But the next words of Bai Yuqing caused her to freeze like a statue.

“The [Residence of Heaven’s Will]] is not a place where people like you can come. Please leave.” Bai Yuqing looked at Jiang Xiaohan.

Her glance was from a lofty position, like she was a queen who decided everything. Currently she was looking at a servant, directly dismissing her.

“But… I came here because I received an invitation card.”

Jiang Xiaohan felt the naked mockery and insult. She grinded her teeth forcing herself not to react because she did not possess the requirements to react. But in her heart, the anger and hatred within, was like the eruption of a volcano.

Bai Yuqing flicked her hand.

A strange energy emitted from her, the air fluctuating. Before Jiang Xiaohan could react the invitation in her hands flew out, landing within the hands of Bai Yuqing. With a flash of white light, it turned into dust scattering into the night.

“Right now you no longer have an invitation,” Bai Yuqing said calmly.

Tyrannical!

Overbearing!

Powerful!

The strength of the number one goddess of White Deer Academy was demonstrated fully.

“Senior Sister Bai, Junior Sister Xiaohan was invited by me…” Han Xiaofei could not endure it anymore, speaking up for her.

Bai Yuqing turned her head, her gaze landing on the smile on Han Xiaofei’s face. She seemed to have thought of something, saying “Oh you can leave too. Within three months, you are no longer permitted to enter [Residence of Heaven’s Will]”

Han Xiaofei’s expression changed in an instant.

It was an extremely strict punishment, from now on he could no longer hold his head high in front of the other noble students.

He was about to argue when a bland male voice from behind him spoke “Did you not hear leader Bai’s words? Quickly leave.”

“Brother cousin?” Han Xiaofei turned around to have a look.

A white-robed student with an angular face appeared from behind him.

This person had thick eyebrows and large eyes, his bronze-coloured skin seeming to hint at his explosive power. Compared to people of the same age, he was taller by a head and he possessed bulging muscles as if he was flexing it.

The instant he appeared with his tall body like the peak of a mountain, it seemed like even the moonlight in the sky was hidden by him. Many people’s vision went dark, their breathing stopping.

Han Shuangfu!

One of the strongest students within the entire fourth year of White Deer Academy and was also one of the leaders of [Residence of Heaven’s Will].

The object of admiration of many students.

“Brother cousin, I…” Han Xiaofei seemed as if he wanted to say something.

“Quickly leave,” Han Shuangfu said blandly.

Han Xiaofei was taken aback. He did not imagine that his brother cousin would not help him but would rather tell him to leave. But he always treated his cousin with the utmost fearful respect, so he did not dare say anything more. Accompanying Jiang Xiaohan, they left [Residence of Heaven’s Will] in a shameful fashion.

These two people could be said to have made a big blunder today.

Within a night, their actions would spread out across the entire White Deer Academy, becoming a joke.

“My cousin is too insensible, my apologies for bothering Junior Sister Bai,” Han Shuangfu said with a smile, clasping his hands.

Bai Yuqing, with an expressionless face said, “If he is not sensible, then you should spend time to teach him.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 11:


Chapter 11 – Entering The Academy

The bright ray of moonlight was unknowingly obscured by the grey clouds by half.

The light of the moon became blotchy.

Outside the [Residence of Heaven’s Will].

Han Xiaofei’s face was filled with hatred and viciousness. In the muddled light of the moon, he was like a hurt wild beast.

“Ye Qingyu… it’s you who made me undergo such humiliation. I swear, from now on I definitely won’t let you live in peace,” he bitingly screamed.

And beside him, in the heart of the beautifully dressed red clothed girl, was also packed with hatred.

She did not dare to offend a person like Bai Yuqing, but for Ye Qingyu, ‘the original perpetrator’ she can definitely do as she pleases… ……

At the same time.

At a different location.

Liu family.

Liu Ye was kneeling down outside the entrance of the management room, his entire body shaking.

Also kneeling down with him, was the normally arrogant trash instructor, Liu Heng.

The Liu family heritage was not poor, and the Liu family’s company had already operated for decades as one of the top four merchant companies. In these years, it had flourished and developed its strength. It had business with every major noble family in the city, with a deep rooted influence. It was definitely a force that you cannot afford to ignore within Deer City.

Liu Ye was the eldest grandson of the third branch of Liu family. His talent being not bad, and was normally very popular and spoiled by the elders of the third branch. As time went on, his personality slowly became twisted and domineering.

“Grandfather, Ye-er* knows he was wrong,” Liu Ye loudly begged.

After continuing to kneel for four hours, even if he had a background from training, at this time he had nearly lost all feeling within his legs. He soon could not endure it anymore.

“Where did you wrong?”

An ancient and dignified voice came out from the management room.

“Ye-er shouldn’t have caused trouble by provoking Ye Qingyu…” Liu Ye said, his entire body trembling.

“Idiot, what matter does a mere Ye Qingyu make! It looks like you still don’t understand what you did wrong!” the old and dignified voice started shouting.

Liu Ye did not speak but just knelt, shuddering.

“The Liu family was founded from a merchant company. The reason that the rain and winds of these years did not managed to topple us was because of our connections. I have always told you younger generation to be more low key, but you don’t listen and go provoke people…” The old dignified voice continued, “A mere Ye Qingyu, he is already past the age most suitable for cultivating. Even if his natural talent is even greater, he can no longer threated the Liu family.

Today the reason I’m making you kneel is because you are stupid. A merchant cares about incentives, a thing that has no benefits but only drawbacks we definitely cannot do. If your tendency of provoking everyone is not changed, then there will be a day that you will provoke someone you cannot afford to provoke. At that time, to calm their rage, I can only choose to sacrifice you. Even though I have always spoiled you, I cannot go against the family’s incentives… Do you understand?”

“Ye-er understands…” Liu Ye said haltingly.

“Stand up then.”

Liu Ye stood up shakily, holding the chair next to him for balance.

Liu Heng seeing this, quickly said, “Third uncle, I…”

“Shut your mouth!” A voice filled with anger shouted from the management room. “All these years I’ve spent countless money and resources to allow you to remain within White Deer Academy, protecting your position as a useless supervisor. I had my intentions for you, but who knew that you would be so idiotic to lose your position over such a small thing. Wasting my efforts, you deserve to die!”

“Third uncle forgive me, third uncle forgive me! This was instructed by that person, otherwise…”

Liu Heng quickly begged.

“Hmph, luckily this time Ye-er managed to enter the academy and things can still be fixed. I’ll punish you with the fine of one year’s salary. Leave now, the insider knowledge that you have you are not allowed to tell anyone, or else you will die a horrible death.”

The old and dignified voice threatened.

“Yes, yes, yes…” Liu Heng let out a breath of relief.

After a short while.

Liu Heng and Liu Ye held onto each other for support to leave the mansion, feeling utterly dejected.

“This cannot be allowed to stand!” Liu Heng said, grinding his teeth completely filled with hate of Ye Qingyu.

Liu Ye did not say anything.

But his eyes were glimmering with revenge and hatred in the darkness.

…… ……

White Deer Academy.

Today was the first day after the selection process has ended.

A large amount of first years reported in impatiently in the early morning.

According to the rules of the academy, the parents and guards of the students could only accompany them until the entrance and could not enter. Because of this, it caused the main entrance to become extremely crowded, filled with anxious parents wishing their children well and impatient teenagers.

Every year that the White Deer Academy began their academic year, this strange and bustling sight was seen.

Beside both sides of the academy entrance, there was a 10-meter- tall stone mirror.

The stone mirror was made from a rare type of mineral, white cloud stones. The surface of the mirror was as smooth as ice and under the illumination of the sunlight, exhibited a touch of silver shimmer and you could detect the slight movement of the energies. If you look in detail, then you would realize that on the white surface of the mirror, there were characters written in black ink.

Stone mirror rankings.

This was the method that White Deer Academy used to announce the examination results.

The area surrounding the two stone mirrors was packed with people.

“Number one in the ranking is of course Qin Wushuang. As the son of the city leader, Qin Zhan I hear that he is a genius with a body with bloodline inheritance. When he was not yet ten years of age, he was already at the peak of the Oordinary Mmartial stage. This time ranking in number one is absolutely deserved.”

“Qin Wushuang definitely has a terrifying background. From the day he was born, the Qin family has already paved the path for him. This type of genius was fed many types of Treasures of Heaven and Earth like sugar snap peas, how could he not be a genius? But the second ranked

Yan Xingtian is the person that is truly shocking!”

“That’s right, from a background as a commoner, to be able to exceed Song Qingluo, Liu Lei Nan Tianya, and other students from noble backgrounds is definitely something terrifying.

“In the top twenty, there is only Yan Xingtian.”

“Eh? What about Ye Qingyu? Did he not enter the top twenty? Was it not said that he returned like a king, and in the selection process performed brighter than any others? How come he is only ranked twenty-one?”

“I hear that Ye Qingyu did not participate in one appraisal?”

“What? How is this possible? Don’t joke with me, if it was really like so, to have one less appraisal and being able to place in rank twenty one is too frightening…”

“It’s true, I heard it personally from great teacher Hon, he said that Ye Qingyu only needed to go through five appraisals.”

“Heavens, he is too monstrous!”

“If Ye Qingyu was to go through six appraisals, would it not mean that he would surpass Qin Wushuang and Yan Xingtian, to become number one?”

Everyone discussed heatedly, each possessing their own opinion.

Ye Qingyu stood outside the crowd. After hearing such words, he was pleased but also a little depressed.

See, it was such a good opportunity for him to be in the limelight and impress people. If he had taken the blood qi test, then he would have definitely placed number one in the rankings. Qin Wushuang, Yan Xingtian, Song Qingluo, all of them would have been beneath my foot…

But this kind of opportunity, after he had entered the academy, would slowly come.

After thinking of this, Ye Qingyu carrying a bag of assorted items, walked towards the entrance of White Deer Academy.

The second year student seeing the lonely figure of Ye Qingyu, and seeing his shabby clothes his gaze was filled with cautiousness and suspicion.

Ye Qingyu smiled and handed over his nameplate.

The student inspected the nameplate, and after seeing the name and results, changed his expression entirely. The gaze that he looked at Ye Qingyu with was now filled with smiles. He returned the nameplate, respectfully allowing him to enter.

One foot was across the boundary.

It was his first time entering White Deer Academy.

The path was made of white marble, intersecting each other and leading to different general directions.

Dotted between the middle of the grassland and trees, there were also fake mountains with rivers and fountains spurting water. There were structures upon structures of beautiful statues and figures appearing everywhere in the stunning landscape.

There was an extremely fresh fragrance coming towards him.

It was as if just by breathing the academy’s air, it would cause someone to become relaxed and happy.

White Deer Academy covered an extremely large area, over ten thousand acres and could largely be split into six main areas.

For a first year student like Ye Qingyu, before entering the second year, he could only cultivate in the outermost areas. But even in this outermost area, it was still extremely majestic and enormous, with endless sights as if it was a palace.

This beautiful sight was something that definitely could not be seen and experienced from the entrance.

Next to the path there were signs everywhere. Adding to this, there was always a second year student there to lead the way. Ye Qingyu followed the crowd of new students, and very quickly came to the place where you had to report according to the numbers of the nameplate.

This time White Deer Academy recruited over two thousand new students, and adding to this those who did not manage to graduate to the next year, became twenty-one classes of a hundred each.

After the splitting into classes was done, Ye Qingyu discovered that the class he was in was the lowest numbered twenty-first class. There was a hundred people in this class, with eleven being repeaters and was placed in residential area 5A.

As this was the first day of reporting, everywhere it seemed was slightly frantic and busy.

Ye Qingyu obtained his own school uniform and by relying on a book called [Compass for new students], after searching for a long time, finally managed to arrive in residential area 5A.

After entering the third floor of the dormitory, inside there were already three strangers, his roommates, who were busy.

Ye Qingyu greeted all three with a smile.

But the three people only gave him a glance, and after seeing his shabby clothes, had an expression that said they couldn’t care less. Ye Qingyu did not get angry, only shook his head and entered his room.

The student dormitory of White Deer Academy was pretty interesting.

Residential area 5A had three floors, and was made of stone. On each floor there were around ten living rooms and each living room was connected to four small rooms. In that way, each student could have a private room that belonged to themselves, with all the living facilities you could think of.

This is as cultivating for anyone was an extremely secretive thing. During this process, you were not to be disturbed by anyone so a private room prepared with everything in it was necessary.

After closing the door, Ye Qingyu examined his own private room.

The room was around forty square meters, with a bed and table made of stone. It was extremely hard and ice cold, with a window facing the sun. Outside, there was a strain of poplar tree and you could hear the rusting of the leaves when blown by the wind. On the walls of the room there were runes imprinted that could be used for strengthening and defense.

*Er is a term of endearment for a child.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 12:


Chapter 12 – The First Lesson

The lock on the door was also replaced by runes, where it can freely lock or unlock. Only by using Ye Qingyu’s nameplate was it able to be opened.

In this world where martial power was highly developed, the majority of people’s lives were inextricably linked to runes and yuan qi formations.

From Ye Qingyu’s perspective, this private space was the most important area in his upcoming student’s life.

Ye Qingyu did not have much possessions, placing some assorted items into the storage cupboards.

After, he carefully placed a little red plant pot on the windowsill. Within the plant pot, was a lone little Chrysanthemum.

This was the only item that he brought from his parents’ tomb.

Ye Qingyu would wait until the Chrysanthemum would bloom, then he would bring the freshly bloomed flowers in front of his parents’ grave.

At the same time—

Within the living room, Ye Qingyu’s roommates were also currently discussing something.

These three people were evidently from a noble family. They were wearing silk clothing, lavished with luxury. Previously, when they saw Ye Qingyu they only gave him a glance and looked away, without the slightest intention of greeting him.

However they were clearly not part of the noble families within Deer City. Therefore, they were not aware of the actions of Ye Qingyu, nor the results he obtained during the selection process.

They were obviously from noble families outside of Deer City.

They were all a bit confused.

How was it that a commoner would be able to live together with the three of them, and live in one of the best rooms within this dormitory? ……

Ye Qingyu was in his own room, lightly tidying.

He read the entire [Compass for new students] over once and cleared up a lot of issues. Then, he sat in a meditative stance near the window, beginning to cultivate using the nameless breathing technique.

Tomorrow he would begin his student life, he must be in his most optimal condition.

The aim of Ye Qingyu was definitely not just to simply graduate.

……

The second day.

The student life officially began.

Ye Qingyu woke up early, finishing training with the breathing technique and put on the white robe school uniform. His bushy black hair was tied casually with a rope, and bringing with him some school items, he went to attend the morning lesson.

When he went out, he realized that his three other roommates had already left.

After leaving the dormitory and breathing in the fresh air, figuring out the direction, Ye Qingyu walked towards the classroom.

On the way he encountered many boys and girls, most of them around the ages of ten. They were chattering endlessly, like canaries just released from the cage. In their eyes, were infinite visions regarding their future…

Ye Qingyu was fourteen years old, and being naturally tall and muscular, was taller than others by a head. Within this group of kids, he especially stood out.

At first they thought he was an upper class student, but when they saw his first year uniform, people began to greet him.

“Hey, you are Ye Qingyu? You’re the guy who entered through only doing five appraisals and was personally let through by great teacher Hon, isn’t that right?”

A little loli walked over, her large eyes flitting curiously over Ye Qingyu. The expansive uniform of the academy, when worn by her, was like an opera gown. She carefully lifted the robe in front of her, with the back of the robe trailing behind looking particularly cute.

Ye Qingyu laughingly nodding his head.

When facing people from the same year, he can’t help but feel he was talking to a bunch of little children.

“You’re so awesome! That’s right, I’m called Song Xiaojun.” The little loli gave him a thumbs up, then introduced herself. But then she clumsily stepped on her own robe, and staggered for a bit, nearly tripping.

She stuck out her little tongue, her face filled with anguish, complaining, “This robe is really too long for me, this is so terrible, there wasn’t a size suitable for me, what shall I do in the future…”

Ye Qingyu was amused by her appearance and said, “You can try and change it a bit, it’s quite easy to do.”

The little loli’s face went red and she looked down. “I don’t know how to fix clothes!”

A large majority of children from wealthy families were young masters who never needed for anything. Apart from martial cultivation, their practical living ability was basically zero.

After entering White Deer Academy, without their family servants or guards, from their perspective, this coming months would be a tough time for them.

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, “After class, come to residential area 5A, room 303 and come find me, I’ll help you change it.”

He felt a special goodwill towards this little loli.

“You know how to change clothes?” Song Xiaojun widened her eyes with a look of worship on her face. Then she nodded her head like a chick pecking at grains saying, “Okay, okay, I’ll definitely come.”

At this time, a voice from far away shouted Song Xiaojun’s name.

Song Xiaojun stuck out her tongue and said, “My sister is looking for me, I’ll leave first.” After saying this, the little loli held her robe and hopped away like a little rabbit.

Encountering this little incident on his way to the class placed Ye Qingyu into a good mood.

Very quickly, he arrived at the classroom.

In the huge amphitheatre, it was long filled with people.

Everyone had their arranged seating using their nameplates. After searching for a while, Ye Qingyu discovered that his seat was in the middle of the first row. This is undoubtedly the best position, was his luck truly that good?

Under the envious gaze of many eyes, Ye Qingyu sat in his own position.

The voices in the classroom chattered endlessly, creating a bustling atmosphere.

But as the classroom bell rang, the lesson was about to begin.

Under the attention of everyone, a female teacher around forty years of age slowly stepped onto the platform. As she did so, the classroom gradually quietened down.

The appearance of this female teacher was comparatively normal, with long black hair tied back and wearing a normal teacher’s robe. She did not emit a strong air and power did not fluctuate around her.

In the eyes of many wealthy students, such a woman did not even wear something better than the servants they had at home, and they became slightly disappointed.

This was the first lesson of the first year students.

Many people were expecting the Dean of the academy or one of the head teachers, even great teacher Hon would do. But who would have known that the person who came was just a normal teacher.

After a moment of silence, the classroom very quickly began to fill with the voices of discussion again.

“How is everyone? I am the first year teacher responsible for foundation knowledge, Wang Yan. Let’s begin our lesson now…” the middle-aged women began without any expression.

Without any speech to welcome the students, without introducing the academy, without wishing them well for the future, without motivating them, without describing them their beautiful feature…

Even the name Wang Yan was an extremely normal name, not raising the slightest of interest in anyone. The middle-aged teacher used the most simple and direct method, and began their first lesson in White Deer Academy.

“Training one’s body was the foundation in cultivating energy, being extremely important.”

“Training one’s body, means to turn your own body into its physical peak. Since ancient times, our ancestors have created countless techniques to train one’s body, which can turn the human race’s weak blood and flesh to reach the peak of Houtian* that can combat with demons and monsters, that can split apart stone with just their body…”

The gaze of middle-aged teacher swept across the entire crowd and continued, “But, only training your body to reach the peak of Ordinary Martial stage is by far not enough. To survive in this cruel world and pass on your genes, you must become an even stronger existence .Therefore, after training one’s body to the Ordinary Martial stage is the Xiantian stage – this means the Spirit spring stage then the Bitter Sea and so on…”

“These stages from your perspective, is still too far away, we won’t mention it right now…”

“I am responsible for teaching the theory and techniques for training your body. Refining one’s body can be split into six stages, splitting into skin, flesh, bone, blood, marrow and organs. As these six stages are collectively described as the Ordinary Martial stage, these stages can be described as first skin stage, second flesh stage, third bone stage …and so on!”

“The first skin stage is the basics of training one’s body. A tough layer where if swords are struck onto the skin, would be like striking leather….”

“The second flesh stage. Strong muscles can make swords or spears unable to enter you.

“The third bone stage causes bone to be like steel. Able to withstand the strongest of impacts without breaking, able to release the most explosive strength…”

“The fourth blood stage, changing your blood. Purifying the impurities within your normal human body…”

“The fifth marrow stage…”

“The sixth organs stage…”

The middle-aged teacher enunciated and pronounced each word extremely clearly and relying on her internal energy, clearly transferred her voice to every corner of the classroom.

Even those sitting at the very back, was able to hear her clearly. The knowledge contained within was organized very simply and was easily understood by all.

But the problem was that a majority of first year students already knew all about the stages of training one’s body before going through selection. And of this group, a great number of them was already at the high stages of the Ordinary Martial stage**, especially students ranking in the top hundred. Some students may have already reached the peak of the Ordinary Martial stage, and was only half a step away from the Xiantian stage…

For these types of students, to hear these types of theory that they were already familiar with, held no meaning.

The voices of people talking and chatting became even louder.

Many of the students began to feel bored of the lecture, directly began talking. As for this ordinary teacher, she did not command any respect at all and thus the classroom’s atmosphere became slightly chaotic.

The middle-aged teacher seems to not have noticed in the slightest, and continued on without changing her pace.

Ye Qingyu listened very clearly. All his knowledge about cultivating was only gained from hearsay, his basic knowledge equaling zero. He had never had any systematic knowledge about cultivation. The words of the middle-aged teacher was like words from heaven, with many theories and methods being completely new to him. For him, this lesson was incomparably brilliant.

Besides him in the first row filled with students, apart from one or two students who were already tired of listening, the majority was listening seriously, displaying a respectful expression.

Time slowly passed on.

“So only by training one’s body to its peak can you enter the Xiantian stage. And only by controlling the energies of Heaven and Earth can you plant a seed of energy into your body. Only this can be counted as truly entering the door into the martial way…”

The middle-aged teacher finally finished lecturing about foundation knowledge of body refining, her voice stopping.

Two hours had already passed.

The voices of the classroom slowly quieted down, all the students waiting for the bell to announce the end of the class.

At this time, on the serious expression of the middle-aged teacher, a faint smile appeared.

Her originally plain face, because of this faint smile, took on an air of mystery.

*后天. Houtian. I’m sure most of you who have read wuxia before will have seen this term. I honestly am not sure what this term refers to, but I’m pretty sure Houtian is basically still within the realms of human possibility, while Xiantian is when you start to exceed the boundaries of human.

**Ordinary Martial stage = Houtian

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

