Chapter 853:


Chapter 870, Murderous spirit at the station



She gently patted Ning’er who was sleeping soundly in her arms. Her voice was slightly hoarse as she said, “Really? Great, unfortunately I have only seen such a place in the historical records of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect. In Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, anyone with a bit of power and status has already left this place, and the remaining are those who are struggling in despair, waiting for the domain to crumble and collapse, waiting for death to come.”

There was a moment of silence.

There was only the sound of wind, mixed with rocks, debris and sand, whizzing through the surroundings.

Ye Qingyu understood that, for the ascension of the power of a martial artist, besides relying on their own cultivation, the spiritual qi of a domain was the source of their strength.

The spiritual qi of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain was so thinly dispersed that there was almost nothing left. If a martial artist were to continue to survive here, it would only delay their cultivation progress and the strength that had been cultivated with great difficulty would gradually weaken.

Moreover, under such poor a environment, there were already not the slightest law and order in Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. It had completely entered a state of primitive law. All living things, in order to survive, had begun to become oppressive, bloodthirsty, insensitive, and displayed predatory behavior.

In this way, even if there were some good people in this land who wanted to do something it was of no use.

The blowing sand filled the sky.

Desolate and miserable.

The station was like an isolated island of death.

When they arrived at Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, it was Qin Hui who advised Ye Qingyi and the others to come right away to this station.

This was because the true identity of this station was in fact the stronghold that the old sect Master of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, Tian Huayu, secretly set up hundreds of years ago. It had always only obeyed the orders of the old master, and was used to pass on information, so it was not under the control of those revolters.

After Tian Yunlong, the late father of Qin Hui, had succeeded the sect, he continued to cultivate his trusted disciples and gradually stabilized the power of this station. And the reason that Mother Qin Hui and her son was able to escape the pursuit of Elder Mingjue and the others was all because of the help from the disciples that her late father had secretly cultivated in this stronghold.

Qin Hui's purpose of choosing the first stop in Ancient Sky Dragon Domain was very simple, to first meet with these loyal disciples, and then collect some news, as references for Ye Qingyu, which would allow him to plan his next move.

But it was a pity that the cruel facts had shattered Qin Hui's hopes.

Because at this moment there was not the slightest living creature in the whole station, and not a single figure.

There was not a single one of the disciples in the secret strongholds that Qin Hui had said.

Luo Yi and Little Nine went around the back to search. It was unknown whether they would find anything.

Ye Qingyu felt bleak. He was really affected by the scenes he saw along the way in Ancient Sky Dragon Domain.

This was a Human Race domain.

Yet it had ended up in this state.

After a while.

“Woof... Master, Woof has checked, what is this place? Woof does not like it here, let's go, there is no water, no food, nothing... Oh, yes, there is only a few pieces of dried old cured meat at the back of the broken house. They don’t look good at all!”

Little Nine suddenly howled and ran back from the back courtyard with a look of disappointment.

Luo Yi followed behind him and extremely seriously reported back, “Lord, we found a few bodies in the stone courtyard at the back. It seems they have been dead for some time, we have carefully searched other places, but found nothing.”

“Bodies?”

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

The dried up old cured meat that Little Nine mentioned were corpses?

He glanced at Little Nine.

The dog wagged its tail merrily and looked at his master with a look of innocence.

Ye Qingyu was somewhat speechless.

Qin Hui did not react to the Little Nine's words, but upon hearing that Luo Yi had found corpses at the back, there was an abrupt change of expression on her face. She sprang up, looking a little anxious.

“Go, let’s go and have a look.” Ye Qingyu was the first to walk in the direction of the back courtyard.

Noticing the change of expression on Qin Hui's face, Luo Yi sighed, walked over to Qin Hui's side, and said, “Madam Qin, I'll hold Ning’er, in a moment we may need you to identify them.”

Qin Hui hurriedly expressed her thanks, gently passed over Ning’er who was sleeping soundly in her arms to Luo Yi, and darted toward the back hall.

The back hall.

Six human bodies lay sideways on the ground.

The floor of blood had dried up, covered up by the dust, and had turned dark red.

Although the faces and limbs of the dead were slightly dry, their faces were faintly discernible. They looked to be of varying ages, but they were all dressed in the same style of clothing. Evidently, they were the disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect and had been dead for some time.

After a slight observation, Ye Qingyu could determine that their strength before death was around the Heaven Ascension realm.

In the present Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, the strength of these people were not low, but each of them were riddled with sword injuries, suggesting that they were attacked by someone of higher strength. Adding to this, it was clear that they were tortured before death. They were deliberately left with so many wounds on their bodies and died from blood loss.

The murderers were very ruthless.

Judging from the traces around, these people had died one month ago at most. However, the remaining yuan qi and aura around them had almost diminished completely. It must have been because this place was too dusty and windy, and the spiritual qi was too sparse, therefore speeding up the corrosion of the corpses and the dissipation of yuan qi.

Next to them there were a few swords that had been completely destroyed.

The body of the swords was covered with cracks, and seemed to have desperately resisted with its master until the end.

“It's Li Feng... also Liu Chongxu and Guo Yi...” Qin Hui cried. As soon as she stepped into the back hall, she already recognized the corpses on the ground with one glance. Her voice choked with tears as she rushed over, and turned the bodies over one by one with trembling hands to look closely. All of a sudden she burst into tears, “They are the secretly cultivated disciples of my late father over the years... They have suffered a deadly attack, it’s me, it’s my fault.”

Qin Hui felt as though a knife has been plunged into her heart.

Several months ago, the Sect Master of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect and Cang Li were betrayed and fell into a scheme led by Elder Mingjue and some others. Almost all the disciples in the sect turned their backs, and even if there were a few dozens of people loyal to Mother Qin Hui and her son, they failed to escape the fate of being massacred. On the same day, Qin Hui and Tian Ning, after much difficulty, managed to flee to the stronghold that her late father had secretly set up, where Gui Yi, Li Feng and Liu Chongxu and other trusted disciples immediately deployed arrangements so that the mother and son had the opportunity to escape from Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. This was to protect the life of the real successor to the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect.

Now the corpses of these disciples were left in this vast desert.

It was evident that after the escort of Mother Qin Hui and her son, the secret stronghold and the identity of the trusted disciples were discovered by the traitors of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect. Under the large-scale siege, they were still unwilling to change sides and speak out the whereabouts of Mother Qin Hui and her son, and thus were brutally murdered.

Qin Hui looked at these trusted disciples, imagining how they did all they could to fight back at the face of death in order to buy time for her and Ning’er.

Two streams of tears uncontrollably gushed from her eyes.

“Sigh. Try not to be so sorrowful.” Ye Qingyu attempted to comfort Qin Hui.

These disciples were tortured before death, and died in a miserable state because they were interrogated in order to find out about Qin Hui's whereabouts.

Qin Hui sobbed, feeling incredibly guilty.

If she had not fled with Tian Ning, then these young disciples would not have been discovered so quickly and brutally murdered.

Ye Qingyu comforted Qin Hui, and then his eyes carefully scanned around.

Huh?

At that point, he noticed something and walked towards the body on the left.

Of the six bodies in the back hall, only the one closest to the left was lying on the ground. Moreover, his posture looked a little strange, with his right arm high above his head, his index finger and his middle finger together, as if pointing at one direction.

More importantly, his right hand seemed to be tightly gripping onto something.

“Madam Qin, come and have a look,” Ye Qingyu called out.

Hearing Ye Qingyu's voice, Qin Hui was startled, dried her tears, and came over to the body.

“This is Guo Xiong, Guo Yi’s older brother. Among the core disciples that my late husband secretly cultivated over the years, these two brothers were the most outstanding...” Although the body was lying on the ground and the face was unclear, but Qin Hui still recognized the identity of the deceased from his clothing at one glance.

“Then look again, can you recognize what is in his hand?” Ye Qingyu tried to gently pull out what was clenched in Guo Xiong's right hand, only to find that the thing seemed to have been firmly imprisoned in his hands, as though it had merged together with his flesh. If he applied more force, he was afraid that his fingers, along with the whole palm, would turn into fragments of bones and flesh.

This is... tenacity?

Ye Qingyu was surprised.

It was unthinkable that even though Guo Xiong had died, he still had a hint of tenacity, firmly gripping onto the thing in his hand.

“Guo Xiong, Madam Tian and Tian Ning are safe. If you can hear us then let go.” Ye Qingyu, with a gentle sigh, said to Guo Xiong's body.

However, there was no response.

The whole back hall was utterly silent.

Just then, suddenly a little voice sounded, “Mummy…”

Ning’er!

Surprised, Qin Hui hurriedly turned toward the direction of Luo Yi.

Ning'er had already fallen back asleep in Luo Yi's arms, as though was having a bad dream. His little soft face was tensed up, brows tightly scrunched together, and his small fist waving in the air. But soon, he fell asleep again under the reassurance of Luo Yi.

At this moment, however, something mysterious happened.

Guo Xiong's right hand was loosened all of a sudden——







© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 854:


Chapter 871, Shrink to inches



This change was a shock to everybody that was present.

Qin Hui's face was bathed in tears as if she was thinking of the past, “In the past few years, my late father had secretly brought Ning'er to this place several times. Every time he comes, Guo Xiong and Guo Yi were very happy to see him and treated Ning'er as their son. Every time that Ning'er breaks something the brothers would secretly take the blame for him. I couldn't bear to see him punished by my late husband... It seems that even until death, he was still thinking about Ning'er, worried that he would be in danger and tried to stop the people who were after us...”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

The voice of Ning'er had awakened Guo Xiong's remaining hint of tenacity.

It was only after that he knew that they were safe and well, that the loyal disciples could set their mind at rest.

Immediately, Ye Qingyu took out the thing in Guo Xiong's hand.

“It's... a cloth?”

The cloth, which was around the size of a palm, was originally purple, but because of the bloodstain, had become a bit blackened. At one of the corners there was a small, very strange double diamond-shaped black pattern.

Qin Hui took the ragged cloth and carefully examined the pattern on the cloth, when her eyes suddenly flashed a hint of panic, as though she had thought of something very terrifying, “It's Cang Li! This is the pattern on his enforcement robe. In the entire Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, only he wears this pattern, how could... he personally chased us down to this place!”

Elder Cang Li had already reached the Immortal Step realm hundreds of years ago. The enforcement elder of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect was vicious and ruthless, and always made swift and decisive actions. In the entire Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, his status could be said to be second only to the late Patriarch Tian Huayu. After Tian Huayu died in the Black Demon Abyss, Elder Cang Li immediately rebelled along with many confidants and killed the son of Tian Huayu. Following that the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect also fell apart.

The revolt was headed by Elder Cang Li.

“This station was secretly set up by my father-in-law when he was still alive. In the hundreds of years that he had been secretly training core disciples, there was a total of twenty people, and their respective families also lived here, but now there are only six bodies in the entire building. Where did the other people go...” After the initial panic, Qin Hui suddenly thought of something, then looked to Ye Qingyu with an anxious expression.

After listening to Qin Hui, Ye Qingyu roughly understood everything.

Luo Yi and Little Nine had searched this place before and only found these six bodies in the entire station.

The other disciples, as well as their families, were missing, and it was unknown whether they were alive or dead.

He examined the body of Guo Xiong again, looked in the direction of where his finger was pointing to, and vaguely seemed to understand the meaning that Guo Xiong wanted to express. He turned to look at Qin Hui, saying, “Madam Qin, you should be familiar with the area of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. Do you know where Guo Xiong's finger is pointing to?”

Qin Hui was taken aback.

Although she did not understand the intention of Ye Qingyu's question, she still carefully thought over his question and then answered, “That... that’s the northwest of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, there are abandoned ancient cities and boundless deserts within thousands of kilometers, but forty thousand kilometers from here in the direction of where Guo Xiong's finger is pointing to is a place called Yu Leaf City. There are still people living there. It is a military base city, which the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect is in charge of...”

“I understand... In that case, let's go to this place called Yu Leaf City first, and maybe we'll have some news about the disciples and their family.” Ye Qingyu made a decision after some contemplation.

Although Qin Hui was a woman, but after so many years of following Tian Yunlong to take care of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, she naturally was thoughtful and cautious. From what Ye Qingyu had said and the clue in Guo Xiong's hand, she also immediately understood that it was some clues that Guo Xiong had left behind before he died.

“Good, let's first go to Yu Leaf City. Whether they are there or not, at least we can find out some information first. It’s just that... Lord Ye Qingyu, can you give me some time to bury the corpses of the disciples. They ended up like this all because of Ning'er and I.” Qin Hui's heart was burning with hatred. She wanted to rush to Yu Leaf City to look for the family of the deceased.

“I understand, the deceased is more important. They should have a place to settle in this vast desert” Ye Qingyu nodded, looked at Luo Yi and said, “Go.”

“Yes, Lord,” Luo Yu received the order.

……

After the time to drink a cup of tea.

With the help of Luo Yi, Qin Hui had properly buried the six bodies that were found in the back hall of the station.

Qin Hui took Ning'er to respectfully bow to the grave, before she came to the front of the station.

The group of people, under the leadership of Ye Qingyu, headed in the direction of Yu Leaf City.

Sand billowed into the air and the yellow sandy soil formed a haze over the sky.

The environment was incredibly harsh.

It was simply impossible for ordinary people to travel, and even ordinary martial artists, if they had not made any preparation. Each roar of the wind, mixed with sand and stones, was like a blunt knife swiftly swirling past, and could simply cut a person into pieces instantly.

Ye Qingyu looked at the sky that was filled with blowing sand, and a thought came to mind.

A pure space of hundreds of meters appeared next to him, enveloping Luo Yi, Qin Hui and the others.

There were light silver ripples revolving around them, like a crystal light screen had formed from the accumulation of transparent water ripples. And inside of the light shield, the air was fresh and clean, and the temperature was cool and comfortable. It was as if they had come to another time and space. Outside of the shield, the yellow sand and stone were like beasts pouncing over, and the tornado resembled a python sweeping away everything. But no matter how they ravaged, they were completely blocked outside the hundred meters of space.

There seemed to be a power that was slowly releasing from this space that made them retreat.

Even large chunks of flying stones, sharp as knives, could not ripple the light shield in the slightest.

“Wow, Big brother Ye Qingyu is amazing, it is the first time that I could breathe such fresh air here!” Ning'er, who had finally woken up, was sitting up in the arms of Luo Yi, staring at the surroundings with amazement.

“Hey, hey... Kid, you're going to be more surprised later in how amazing Woof's master is. You're only seeing less than one out of one hundred thousand now.” Little Nine wagged his tail proudly.

Ye Qingyu simply ignored the silly dog.

He was walking ahead, his each step looked casual and calm, and there was not the slightest yuan qi of aura emitting from his body. He was like an ordinary person. But there was a faint, almost imperceptible silver halo of light encircled around him, and the qi field that was invisible was becoming incredibly powerful...

In the halo of light, Ye Qingyu's black hair was fluttering in the absence of wind, flowing gracefully.

His white robe was shrouded by the slowly moving halo, making him look graceful, illusory, and like a fairy who had descended into the world of chaos from the Ninth Heaven, without being contaminated by worldly dust in any way.

On the other side, Qin Hui also felt incredibly comfortable.

She had already extremely trusted Ye Qingyu, almost to the point of worship, but the next scene was still a shock to her.

The scenery outside of the light screen was abnormally moving back.

[Shrink] into inches.

Ye Qingyu was actually silently using the remarkable ability of [Shrink] to inches.

With one step he could travel hundreds of kilometers!

Qin Hui, Luo Yi and Little Nine, looked like they were walking, but in fact were actually following behind Ye Qingyu, moving rapidly forward by that strange force. In an instant they had already traveled a distance of hundreds of kilometers.

Luo Yi and Little Nine had obviously already noticed this but their adoration of Ye Qingyu was simply close to worship. Given his strength, no matter what astonishing behaviour or activity he had done, it was still an extraordinarily normal thing for him in the eyes of Luo Yi and Little Nine. Only Qin Hui was amazed. Ever since she had witnessed Ye Qingyu killing the traitor disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect with an ice sword, this was the second time she had personally felt the power of the [Ice Sword Killing God].

As she stared at Ye Qingyu, in her eyes there was puzzlement, and faintly a little excitement.

What she was puzzled about was that she could not imagine how a young man of a new domain would possess such strong powers, which were completely beyond those of experts of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect who had cultivated for thousands of years. What she was excited was that she was now more and more confident that, not only could Ye Qingyu save her and Ning'er, but also that, with his support, put down the rebellion and get rid of those traitors.

Ye Qingyu noticed the expression on Qin Hui's face.

He was understanding the power of the Saint realm.

After becoming a Saint, one can master some of the laws of Heaven and earth, such as the space law, which was one of the number of remarkable abilities after becoming a Saint expert. It was not a particularly brilliant technique to use for traveling but if this space law were used in assassination and intrusion, it would have the most terrifying effect. Ye Qingyu wanted to comprehend the secrets of this law, which was also a way of practicing anytime and anywhere.

In the blink of an eye, one hour had passed.

They had walked at least tens of thousands of kilometers.

Ye Qingyu came to a stop.

In front, there was a desolate ancient city in the vast desert.

Half of this completely weathered ancient city was buried under the yellow sand. More than half of the hundreds of meters of city wall had collapsed, like a dead dragon python hiding in the sand. At this time only about less than one hundred meters of walls was above the sandy soil, and around the walls there were the roofs of a small number of broken buildings and pillars near the palace, as well as what seemed to be the heads of statues.

The wind and sand were merciless, covering up the bustling city of the past.

Even so, Ye Qingyu could tell that the isolated ancient city in the vast desert was incredibly large, covered a very vast area, and stretched across nearly thousands of kilometers. Moreover, from the style of the roofs and statues, it was clear that this ancient city was once very magnificent and grand.

From what he had seen he knew that this ancient city had an incomparably glorious and prosperous period in the past.

Qin Hui was looking in the direction of the ancient city through the light screen——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 855:


Chapter 872, Vow : Killing intent



There was regret in her eyes, as well as helplessness.

“Lord Ye Qingyu, according to the ancient historical records of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, it was once a place called Golden Pond City, which was famous for its ores. Once upon a time, it was also one of the most popular trading centers in Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. The chambers of commerce of major domains all had a station here, and the ores they exported were extremely pure. It was once a magnificent mining landscape... Unfortunately, thousands of years ago, because the environment and resources of Ancient Sky Dragon Sect were more and more depleted, not only were there no minerals in Golden Pond City, other natural resources also gradually declined. The chambers of commerce and forces of foreign domains also left one after another, and later, in order to survive, the slightly more capable residents of the city also moved away. The once prosperous Golden Pond City had become ruins buried under the yellow sandy soil more than three hundred years ago.”

The flourishing of a town or city depended on the population and the transfer of resources. They complement one another and can't do without either.

Once either one is in decline, even the most giant city would gradually decline and eventually disappear from the world.

Ye Qingyu stood with his hands clasped behind his back.

Even though he had seen countless ruins and villages along the way, but the ruins of the ancient city before him, based on the scale and area, was absolutely not inferior to the Snow capital of Heaven Wasteland Domain. Unfortunately it had fallen to such a state. He couldn't help sighing with regret again. Since coming to Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, Ye Qingyu had never felt such a heavy heart before.

The life span and decline of a domain was so terrifying.

Every domain would deteriorate one day. Heaven Wasteland Domain also could not escape this law of Heaven and earth. If that day were to come, would Heaven Wasteland Domain become like Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, would the living beings of Heaven Wasteland Domain struggle like the people of Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, waiting for doomsday to come in despair? And was there any way to reverse all this?

In Ye Qingyu’s heart, there was both sorrow and pity.

Everybody continued on the road.

After another hour.

They were still in the vast desert, the wind whistled bleakly over the sand dunes.

Ye Qingyu came to a stop again.

This time, it was not the ruins of a giant city that appeared in front of him.

It was a small village that looked completely abandoned.

The reason that Ye Qingyu stopped was because the village was located on the edge of the desert. There were relatively much less wind and sand, and around the village were bowl-sized roots of trees that looked already weathered, though several times smaller than those of the ancient Golden Pond City. However the remaining tree branches and trunks caught Ye Qingyu's attention, which he seemed to feel a wisp of life.

Qin Hui's eyes also lit up in joy.

Could this be a surviving human town, and perhaps there were people living in the town?

The several people slowed down and walked towards the depths of the village with hope.

Along the way, the residences in the village were very simple. There were only a dozen houses, which were all built from simple rocks. Though shabby and simple, and covered by sand and wind, the degree of damage was much less. Evidently in recent years, there were still people living here, but they did not see any figures along the way. The buildings were empty, the doors were missing, and the houses were half filled with yellow sand...

“Where are the people?”

“They wouldn't be...”

A bad feeling floated up in Ye Qingyu's heart.

He did not observe with his divine sense.

It was not because he didn't want to... but perhaps it was because he was unwilling to give up, he hoped to find people living here.

After a while.

Ye Qingyu's footsteps halted, his whole body inexplicably went a little stiff.

Qin Hui and Luo Yi as well as Little Nine who were behind him were also taken aback for a moment, before they took a few steps forward, and were similarly stunned by the scene ahead.

Less than fifty meters away from them there was a well made of yellow rocks.

And surrounding the well were many dried up corpses.

Among the corpses, there were young men and women, as well as elderlies and small children, some of whom were affected by the wind and sand and had gradually become dried out, while others revealed parts of their skeleton though also dried up. But their faces were still faintly recognizable. Some had a fierce look, as though they were struggling with something before death, while others, though had dried and dark eyeballs, seemed to be displaying a strong thirst in the bottom of their eyes. There were also elderlies with endless despair and pain left on their faces.

The only thing that they had in common was that they were all humans.

Also they basically were ordinary people who did not have the slightest yuan qi.

Ye Qingyu took a few more steps forward.

With one glance, he noticed that the villagers were still clutching onto some broken ceramic pots, and some bowls made from yellow mud. Everyone, whether men, women or children, in the last moment before death, seemed to be crawling in the same direction. It even could be said that they had exerted the last bit of strength to move their body one step closer to that direction.

And the direction in which the corpses were all moving to was the well in the middle of the village.

Beside the well, there were also numerous corpses, at least one hundred, stacked up like a hill. The scene was simply a tragic sight.

“These people all died of thirst.”

Ye Qingyu already knew.

He went over to the ancient well, and saw that the well was more than thirty meters deep, deeper than ordinary wells, but there wasn't any water below. The silt at the bottom was slightly moist, but there appeared to be no water...

Ye Qingyu felt indignant.

At this time, he finally released his divine sense. The appearance of the whole village was fed back into his mind.

The village was not big, less than five kilometers, and there were dozens of wells of varying depths. The other wells had completely dried up, and it was only the bottom of this central well that was slightly moist. It could be imagined that the people inside the village all persevered to the end, to the last well. The men, women and children of the village had all gathered at the last thousand-year-old ancient well in the hope that the heavens would take pity on them, and bless the thousand-year-old ancient well of the village with water. However, fate was merciless, and they were eventually thirst and starved to death around the well... The whole village died as a result.

Examining the condition of the corpses, Ye Qingyu speculated that the last villager should have died around half a month ago.

If only he could come a little earlier...

Ye Qingyu blamed himself a little, but in the end there was nothing he could do.

The remarkable ability of a Saint, in the face of the power of Heaven and earth, was still somewhat small and weak.

The villagers of the village were kind and tenacious. In the face of death, they still maintained order. There were no signs of chaos, killing and fighting in front of the last water source. Upon a careful look, he noticed that near the well there were old and frail women and children, while the young people were at the very back. In the last moments of their life, they still held on to the virtues and limits of the Human Race, and gave the opportunity to live to the weak.

This was what Ye Qingyu found the most shocking and sorrowful.

They were just ordinary people, good people, why couldn’t they live?

And the traitors of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, the savages were living well?

Ye Qingyu gazed afar, the killing intent in his eyes was like a storm brewing.

“One day I will kill all the evil in this world!”

Ye Qingyu made a vow.

At this very moment, the skies and ground of Ancient Sky Dragon Domain changed colour.

A gust of wind blew, rolling up the yellow sand like waves, submerging the whole village, including the ancient well and corpses. Ye Qingyu, Qin Hui and other people left. As they were kilometers away they still turned their head back, sighing emotionally and prayed, “I hope you rest in peace!”

……

The desert was vast and mysterious.

One could never fathom what kind of history and civilization was buried under the yellow sand.

Just as Ye Qingyu was filled with murderous intent because of the tragedy in the unknown village, and as they were about five thousand kilometers from their destination, there were people struggling in the ruins of an ancient city.

The ruins of the ancient city stood on the vast desert, like a lofty giant abandoned by time. Although it was already in ruins, from the city walls that were marked with cracks and covered in sand from time to time, one could still feel and hear the past prosperity and glory of the giant ancient city.

The city gate had long been eroded, but from the collapsed rocks and broken stonewalls, one could still faintly piece together the solemn and imposing characters of Lifeng City.

The city was called Lifeng City.

More than two thousand years ago, it was once a huge city with abundant water source and grass, was rich in natural resources, and had a thriving population.

But today the grand and prosperous giant city was the same as Golden Pool City, in that it was almost buried in yellow sand. Like an old man, Lifeng City, which was solemnly standing on the vast desert, could only wait for the sand and dust to gradually completely bury itself and be forgotten with time.

North of Lifeng City.

Next to a low, semi-curved building, there were hundreds of seemingly distressed and haggard humans.

Among them, there were elderly who were covered in yellow sandy soil, in ragged clothing, and with a haggard face. There were also women who were covered in dust, dress tattered, and in shoes that were almost unable to cover their feet. There were children with sallow small faces, cracked lips, and because hunger and thirst were wailing in their mother's arms.

“Mummy... I'm thirsty...” A little boy, about four or five years old, was huddled in his mother's arms, and seemed to be talking in his sleep.

“Endure a little longer... Uncle Luo and the others are almost back... When they come back, there will be water...” the mother gently comforted him. She looked at the direction of the door, and then gently kissed the child's cracked lips, seemingly to moisten his mouth with a little saliva, but her lips were completely dry. Her voice was so hoarse that her words were unclear, like there was a ball of fire in her throat constantly emitting smoke——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 856:


Chapter 873, Hopeless situation



“Sigh... I don't know what day it is today... in the chaos of the world, this old man has already lived for some days. Heaven has been kind to me. If I don't close my eyes soon I would be burden to Zhang Ye and the others...” Not far from the mother and son was a very old man leaning on a half-a-meter-tall wall, looking at the sandstorm outside. The corners of his mouth were pulled back, there was an indifference to death, but he had no strength to smile again.

“Yes... we have lived enough, no matter how many more days there are for us old people it is still meaningless... If we continue to live, we would be taking away the juniors' chances of survival. We should have died earlier.”

“It's not easy for Zhang Ye and the others, they are burdened by us...”

“What we can do to help them now is by saving our breath...”

The elderly, who were sat to a side, looked to be in a poor state, but were still very calm. They slowly gathered with great difficulty, huddled together, seemingly to discuss something.

One month ago, they left Yu Leaf City and reached Lifeng City.

Because there were too many elderly and women and insufficient supplies, they simply could not hurry to the next site, and had to stay here to wait for the right time.

Moreover, five days ago they had depleted all the water and food supplies on them.

The team of hundreds of people began to face the adverse conditions of the desert without food or water.

Because there was no food or water, the hundreds of people were incredibly weak, especially the elderly and children. They could only curl up in the corner or in an adult's arms, struggling to survive and waiting to die in despair.

There were around thirty martial artists who were taking care of the elders, women and children.

They looked better than the average person, though they were similarly covered in sand and dust. They did not rest for a moment, busy patrolling back and forth. Some were looking after the group, some distributed around the city walls, some patrolling around, and others were looking afar from time to time, seemingly waiting for something.

These martial artists were not particularly strong. The majority were between fifty and seventy Spirit Springs, although they were of varying ages and builds, all were wearing the same style of clothing, though the colour was already unclear. They were evidently disciples of the same sect, and because of the support of yuan qi, looked to be in not bad spirits, but just somewhat tired and haggard.

In the most central area of the ruins.

There were also a few Heaven Ascension experts, who were clearly the core figures of the group of people, gathering together to discuss something.

“Senior brother Zhang Ye, think of a way, even if the adults can wait, the children and the elderly can't last another day. We did our best to take them to escape with us, we cannot let them die in this desert...”

“Yes, senior brother Zhang Ye, the resources in Yu Leaf City were limited, and there was no way the people could make a living. The food and water we stored up before we left were very little, now Uncle Huang and others have reached the limit.”

“It has been three days since junior brother Luo Qi went out looking for water along with a few other brothers. Why is he not back yet, did something happen? Sigh, I'm getting anxious.”

Six pairs of slightly anxious and worried eyes were all looking at the same direction.

The place where the eyes gathered was a martial artist who looked the oldest. He was about thirty years old, his facial features were sharp and defined, eyes bright and full of expression, and was tall and burly. From the way the other people asked him for advice, it was clear that he had the highest seniority. He was an Immortal Step realm expert and the eldest senior brother of this group of people——Zhang Ye.

Seeing the trust in the eyes of his junior brothers, Zhang Ye gave a wry smile and said, “Wait a little longer, before Luo Qi comes back, all we can do is wait... By the way, Cheng Kui, you and Liu Ming go check on the women and children... see if there are symptoms of illness, Qiao Qu and I will go to the city walls to see whether jhunior brother Luo Qi and the others have come back yet.”

Zhang Ye gently sighed, after issuing these orders, and turned toward the direction of the city walls.

“Senior brother Zhang Ye, wait for me.”

Behind him was a woman in a blue battle robe, who looked in her early twenties. She was beautiful and gentle, and although her soft skin had gone rough from the wind and sand her eyes were still bright and clear. Her name was Qiao Qu, the only woman among the martial artists, and also Zhang Ye's childhood sweetheart. When the old Master of Ancient Sky Dragon Sect was around he had personally promised to preside over their wedding. Everything seemed very happy, but later the old master died in battle, internal conflict broke out in the sect, and the two still had not gotten married.

A moment later.

On the city wall ruins of Lifeng City.

Zhang Ye and Qiao Qu stood side by side, gazing into the distance.

On the boundless desert, where not a blade of grass grew, a gust of wind rolled up a giant yellow sand pillar that connected to the sky, seemingly about to destroy the whole world.

In the distance, where the yellow sand and the sky were almost connected into one.

A huge red sun was slowly setting in the desert. The light was like blood, and the glow like fire, reflecting upon the sky and desert, like blazing flames, with the pride and sadness of devouring heaven and earth.

“Senior brother Zhang Ye, are you all right?” Qiao Qu looked at Zhang Ye, eyes full of concern.

Although their senior brother rarely spoke and was not good in articulating himself, he cared a lot about his junior brothers and sister.

Along the way, senior brother Zhang Ye almost had not touched the water and food they prepared, and gave it all to the junior brothers.

“Just a little tired, don't worry, how would something happen to me? As I said before, I will take you away from Ancient Sky Dragon Domain to a place with mountains and water, flowers and birds, to start our new life again.” Zhang Ye's voice sounded exhausted. It seemed that it was only in front of his beloved woman that he could relax a little bit.

“Junior brother Luo Qi and the others have been gone for three days, do you think...” Qiao Qu hesitated and in the end did not dare to say what she was thinking about.

She grew up with these senior and junior brothers and they were closer than a family.

They had been planning the escape from Yu Leaf City for a long time, which almost exhausted everyone's mind. It could be described as a last struggle of life and death.

“Don't worry, nearby is desolate and uninhabited, and not even a blade of grass grows. It naturally takes a lot of time and effort to find water, but with their current level and physical strength, they should be back no later than today. Besides, given the power of Ancient Sky Dragon Sect in Yu Leaf City, those people won't get here so soon.”

Zhang Ye comforted Qiao Qu.

Even though he had said these words, there was still unconsciously an anxious look coming onto Zhang Ye’s face as he gazed into the distance.

After about half an hour later.

Suddenly, about four or five kilometers from Lifeng City.

There were two ripples of extremely faint Yuan qi that flashed.

“It's Luo Qi, they're back!” Zhang Ye’s eyes lit up when he sensed a wisp of aura.

After a moment.

In the Void.

Two figures staggered out.

Their clothes and hair were full of yellow sand and ashes, and their original complexion was obscured. They looked like they had just come out of a sand pit, but one could see that they were incredibly exhausted and their yuan qi extremely faint.

“How is it... you guys...” Zhang Ye hurriedly darted over to support them.

But he did not know whether his question ‘how is it’ was referring to the conditions of the two brothers, or the progress of the search for water.

As the backbone of the hundreds of people, the pressure and responsibility he had to bear was unimaginable.

“Luo Qi, Zhou Yuanshan, have you found the water?” Qiao Qu also hurriedly came over to support the two, but because of anxiousness, she ignored the brothers’ conditions and first asked about the result of their search for water.

But the two junior brothers at the same time looked pale and shook their heads gently.

“Senior brother Zhang Ye, senior sister Qiao Qu, I'm sorry I let you down, we're useless... Junior brother Zhou Yuanshan and I have searched thousands of kilometers, and did not see a drop of water. We have almost consumed all of our Yuan qi, we had no choice but to come back first.” Luo Qi kept his head low with a face of guilt.

“What are you saying, it's good to see you come back safe... right, why is it only the two of you are back, where are junior brother Mo and brother Xu?” Zhang Ye’s eyes flashed with a trace of disappointment, but still gently patted Luo Qi on the shoulder.

How would he not know that the kind-hearted junior brother had already done his best.

“They haven't come back yet?” Zhou Yuanshan’s eyes went wide with incomparable surprise upon hearing this. “We split up to search, they went in the other direction, but... Their level and physical strength are not as good as us, Senior brother Luo Yuanshan and I thought they should have come back today by the latest...”

His voice faded.

The four people went silent for a moment.

It was definitely not a good thing that the two junior brothers had not returned yet.

But everyone was hopeful. They did not say a word and chose to stand on the city walls to wait for them to come back.

No one wanted to think any more during this period, and was even more afraid to say anything.

So, they waited.

Waited until the last wisp of red cloud was forced away by the dim light of night.

The desert had turned pitch black, there was only a faint glow sprinkled by the hazy moonlight, bringing a hint of light to the ancient city.

The other two brothers who went out in search of water still hadn’t come back.

Zhang Ye and the others were still standing on the city walls looking in different directions in silence, but they had no choice but to start to admit and face the fact.

It boded ill rather than well for junior brother Mo and brother Xu.

In the vast desert, even if they did not encounter the enemies, there were still countless hidden dangers, as well as many fierce beasts.

“Let's go, it's time to see Uncle Huang.” Zhang Ye took a deep breath, pulled himself together and called the other junior brothers.

Then, the several people together headed towards the wall ruins in the city.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

