Chapter 897:


Chapter 914, A head



Li Wanhai slowly recovered from his surprise after figuring it out.

He cast a glance at the fat man. Although what the fatty said was harsh and had infuriated him, at this moment he was still inevitably a little curious and wanted to know what was held in the exquisite black lacquer box. What could it be? He had never heard that the Demon King Ye Qingyu had given gifts to other people. What was happening? Why would the Demon King tell someone to come find him?

Could it be that the legendary Demon King Ye Qingyu also knew what had happened these days, was well aware of the strength of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, and thus was afraid that Lin Zheng would ruin things so he wanted to settle the matter. And to do so, he specifically sent a person over to present him with a ‘huge gift’?

With this thought, even if Li Wanhai had long trained his mind to be unaffected by honour and disgrace, he was still a little complacent.

He cast a glance at Wang Lijin, knitting his brows in a frown, “Out of respect for Palace Lord Ye Qingyu, I will not argue with you for now, when I see Palace Lord Ye Qingyu himself, I'll negotiate with him... bring the gift box over here.”

Opposite.

Wang Lijin wore an obnoxious expression.

He looked at Li Wanhai with an expression like he was looking at an idiot, then tried to say something and finally held back, tossing the black lacquer box to him with a sneer on his face, “Old boy, catch.”

Li Wanhai caught the box with one hand.

Looking closely, he found that the wooden box was pitch-black, and did not seem to be strengthened with any seals. There were some detailed engraved patterns and totems, and adding to this, there was a chill emitting from the box.

It was not heavy!

Catching it with one hand, Li Wanhai began to guess what sort of valuable things could be contained inside, and then finally opened up the box.

Hua!

A strong smell of blood gushed out of the box right away.

Li Wanhai went stiff all of a sudden like he was frozen, as if he had seen the most unbelievable thing in the world. He even lost control, letting the lacquerware box drop to the ground.

Crash!

A bloody head rolled out of the lacquer box.

The sudden change made everyone’s eyes go wide with shock.

It was a head?

This... what was going on?

Even Lin Zheng had no idea that such a scene would happen.

When he looked closely, he found that the face of the head was clear and discernible, and seemed to be somewhat familiar. He was able to identify who it was - Young master Fu Yan of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, who had given him and the others an extreme headache to the extent that they did not know how to deal with him.

Fu Yan had died?

After a brief shock, Lin Zheng understood everything.

It seemed that Lord Ye Qingyu had already known about the situation once he came back, and had directly taken action by killing the young master of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, who had committed crimes across Heaven Wasteland Domain.

This was in line with Palace Lord Ye Qingyu’s style.

And the other courtiers, after exclaiming in surprise, also realized the situation.

This... really was a big deal.

Their Palace Lord Ye Qingyu really was a merciless man.

The other courtiers could not help sighing.

While Li Wanhai, after the initial great shock, was trembling all over, tottering, and almost collapsed to the ground. The youngster behind him hurriedly reached out to support him. Li Wanhai's chest was heaving up and down rapidly and violently, seemingly going crazy with shock.

“Young master!”

He knelt down slowly, took back Fu Yan’s head, held it carefully in his arms, and carefully identified it four or five times in a row before he finally confirmed that it really was the head of his young master.

“Heaven Wasteland Domain! Ye Qingyu!”

Li Wanhai's eyes were blazing with rage, and an indescribable anger almost drowned him. He roared in a thunderous voice and then suddenly sprang up, eyes as ruthless as a knife, sweeping across all the people present.

“You're going to pay for this... foolish lower domain citizens, I swear, all of you will die a miserable death, a very miserable death!”

Li Wanhai hissed through gnashing teeth.

“I'll be back, and at that time it will be your death.”

Then he firmly held onto the head of Fu Yan, no longer willing to say another word. His face was terrifyingly gloomy, as he turned and stormed straight out of the main hall, disappearing in the distance in a flash.

Lin Zheng also did not chase after him to explain.

Because there was no need for an explanation.

Since it was something that Lord Ye Qingyu had done, it represented the will of Heaven Wasteland Domain and Her Majesty. That young master Fu Yan, who was guilty of terrible crimes, deserved to die to repay his crimes. If Li Wanhai had willfully persisted to take revenge, then the Heaven Wasteland Empire also would not back down any further.

Even Lin Zheng vaguely felt somewhat elated.

The other courtiers, too, all had this mentality.

Don't be patient and accommodating, and stand up straight!

This was the choice that Palace Lord Ye Qingyu had helped them make, and it was no doubt a choice that all living creatures in Heaven Wasteland Domain would be proud of.

Heaven Wasteland Domain was not easy to bully.

Fatty Wang Lijin also had a smiling expression on his face.

“Oh, that old boy has quite a bit of temper, it most likely won't take long before he would kneel down to take back all he had said.”

……

……

The higher-ups of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce were located at the encampment site in Snow capital.

The atmosphere there was exceptionally tense.

PA!

A divine jade and gold bottle that was worth hundreds of kilograms of Origin crystal fell to the ground, sending jade fragments splattering everywhere.

The ruthless expression within Li Wanhai’s eyes made everyone in the room shudder in fear and felt as though they were walking on thin ice.

“Ye Qingyu... how dare he? Huh? How dare he kill the people of my chamber of commerce, is he crazy? That stupid, arrogant lunatic, I want him dead! You idiots, you let Ye Qingyu take away and kill young master Fu Yan under your noses? Are you pigs? Don't you know to protect young master? What is the use of you?”

The roar of the chief supervisor almost broke every eardrum.

In the room, there were more than twenty people of the chamber of commerce, who all had their heads held low and dared not to make a single sound.

In truth, they had no idea when young master Fu Yan was captured by the Light City, let alone beheaded. If Li Wanhai had not brought Fu Yan's head back, they would still be thinking that Fu Yan was drunk and sleeping in his room.

After a moment, Li Wanhai’s anger appeared to quiet down.

“Lord, it's no use getting angry now, that Ye Qingyu is very ruthless, Young master’s body is still in Light City...” An adviser-like middle-aged scholar made a light cough. “Now is not the time to be angry, we have to first think of a way to bring back the body of young master Fu Yan, or President would be furious.”

Li Wanhai flew into a rage when he heard these words.

PA!

The remaining pair of the divine jade bottles were also shattered.

“Lord, why don't I bring people there to snatch the body back, flatten that bullshit Light City, and kill that Ye Qingyu... What so-called [Ice Sword Killing God], he does not deserve his reputation. Do you think our Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce would be afraid of him?” The leader of the guards of the chamber of commerce, Yang Jifeng, volunteered himself.

“Yes, their Heaven Wasteland Empire wants to die. Why don’t we directly inform the President to dispatch the Sky Suppressing military division, and directly wipe out the Heaven Wasteland Empire to avenge young master Fu Yan.” A member of the chamber of commerce gnashed his teeth in anger.

The Sky Suppressing military division, a private force of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, was similar to the army and was extremely strong, not in the slightest inferior to the many large sects or the Iron Blood corps of the imperial court. It was the military force that had once flattened countless hostile forces for the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce and allowed them to establish themselves in the Vast Thousand Domains.

Li Wanhai also gradually calmed down.

“The destruction of the Heaven Wasteland Empire is certain, but it cannot be rushed. Ye Qingyu that murderous maniac, he should not have angered our Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce. Even the Dragon Human Race is somewhat courteous to us. This time, I want to let that mad dog know what is a real iron plate... Send someone to invite the chief supervisor of the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce, the Divine Symbol Chamber of Commerce and the True Spirit Chamber of Commerce over, let them know that I agree to their previous proposals and conditions, ask them to come over...”

A series of commands were issued.

Everyone left the room.

Li Wanhai uttered with a cold smile, “Ye Qingyu, you ignorant and foolish mad dog, aren't you going to guard the Heaven Wasteland Empire? Haha, this time, I'm going to make you kneel in front of me and beg for mercy. I want you to know that there is no medicine for regret in this world...”



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 898:


Chapter 915, I invite everybody to watch a show

There were a total of seven top chambers of commerce that had come to Heaven Wasteland Domain this time, including the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce and Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce. In addition to them, there was also the Divine Symbol Chamber of Commerce, the True Spirit Chamber of Commerce, the Immemorial Chamber of Commerce, the Sunrise Chamber of Commerce, and the Free and Unfettered Chamber of Commerce.

In addition to the top chambers of commerce, there were many little chambers of commerce, which were also the partners that Empress Yu Xiaoxing had carefully selected in Heaven Connect City. Moreover, this was only the first batch of chambers of commerce forces. Heaven Wasteland Domain was a huge domain, with vast territory and in the future there would be countless chambers of commerce, aristocratic families and martial forces settling here. This was exactly what the Great Dragon Turtle Demon had to do.

In less than a moment, the three main chiefs of the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce, the Divine Symbol Chamber of Commerce and the True Spirit Chamber of Commerce were invited to Li Wanhai's secret meeting hall.

Although there was a competitive relationship between the large chambers of commerce, partnership and cooperation among them were more common. They each operated different businesses, and were not considered as enemies. Their entry into Heaven Wasteland Domain this time was an opportunity to emerge as the top, to form a temporary alliance and to advance and retreat together. In particular these four chambers of commerce had long reached an agreement.

When Li Wanhai said this, the chief supervisor of the other three major chambers of commerce were also surprised to know that Demon King Ye had unexpectedly returned to Heaven Wasteland Snow capital, and with such thunderous force, and even killed Fu Yan.

“That Demon King Ye really is crazy.” The head of the True Spirit Chamber of Commerce, Xie Yuyun, let out a long sigh. What Demon King Ye had done was not only hitting the face of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, but simply not attaching any importance to the seven major chambers of commerce.

The heads of the other two major chambers of commerce did not speak, pondering about the signals that the matter represented and what they could each get from it.

“Gentlemen, I, Li Wanhai do not like to waste time talking nonsense, my Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce is willing to offer another thirty percent of the profits of the previous agreement, and you all can get a share of it. However that is only on the condition that you will cooperate with my Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce and deal with that Madman Ye. If that so-called Empress wants to shelter that mad dog, then we will bring this matter to the Domain Alliance. In short, I must be able to vent my anger. That mad dog must be dealt with. At that time the one who will be unable to speak of their bitter suffering would not be my Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce. Since that mad dog dared to bite my Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce today, in a few days, you also will absolutely not end well.”

The head of the other three chambers of commerce nodded with a ruminative expression.

The matter was basically made into a deal.

As to how to implement it concretely, it was necessary to discuss in detail.

For the next hour, the four men were discussing in the room.

After the discussion, Xie Yuyun and the other three people left.

Li Wanhai closed the door, his expression growing serious.

Fu Yan had died in Heaven Wasteland Domain. No matter what, he had to bear this responsibility. Once the news reached the president's ears, Li Wanhai knew that he could not escape punishment, because he was well aware of how much the president valued Fu Yan. What he could now do was solve the matter to the greatest extent before the president found out, then perhaps he would be exempt from punishment.

And the best way to do so was to kill the murderer Ye Qingyu.

The gathering of the Leaders of the True Spirit Chamber of Commerce, the Divine Symbol Chamber of Commerce and the others was only the first step in Li Wanhai’s plan. What he had to do next was the real trump card.

After informing the bodyguard outside to not allow anyone outside to come in, Li Wanhai then set up a number of prohibitions in the room, carefully took out an object that was similar to a silver mirror, which was engraved with many formation markings, and injected a wisp of yuan qi. The mirror gradually began to flash.

After around ten breaths of time.

A strange face appeared in the silver mirror.

Li Wanhai spoke out in a loud and clear voice, “That mad dog has returned to Heaven Wasteland Domain. Wen Fusheng, you have been building momentum, and now the time has come. In the shortest possible time, find a chance to challenge Ye Qingyu and then kill him.”

“Is that your orders, or the order from above?” There was a hoarse voice in the silver mirror, and then a strange face opened its mouth and spoke.

“Whoever it is, you have to hurry up to do it.” Li Wanhai roared. “Young master Fu Yan has died, and was killed by that crazy dog, do I still need to explain myself?”

“Got it,” the hoarse voice sounded in the silver mirror.

Then, the brilliance in the mirror flashed away.

Everything returned to normal.

Palace Lord Ye Qingyu had returned!

The news, which was enough to bring Heaven Wasteland Domain to a boil, began to spread on a small scale.

However, only some of the Empire’s upper courtiers were vaguely aware of the news.

After seeing Li Wanhai off, Lin Zheng and the others had found it incredibly difficult to restrain their excitement. They did not want to discuss other matters, and after a simple and half-hearted discussion, it was already the end of what should have been a very lengthy meeting. Then, under the leadership of the Commander of the Light Camp Wang Lijin, they couldn't wait to head to Light City.

Liu Gelao and the others, of course, were extremely keen to go, but they had no choice but to stay here until it had been approve.

After all, Light City had completely restored its majesty and status of the early days of the Snow Empire. If a courtier was not summoned, it was not easy to gain entry into Light City. Moreover, after the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps had returned, the process of the rating assessment and various matters began to spread, and coupled with the Empress’s intentional publicity, the Lord of the Light Palace, Ye Qingyu, was wildly worshipped by countless people of the Empire, and Light City had become an imperial shrine.

An hour later, Lin Zheng came out of Light City with a look of joy on his face.

“Palace Lord Ye Qingyu plans to invite the pillars of the empire to a banquet in Light City this afternoon.”

This news came from the mouth of Lin Zheng and was passed on to each of the courtiers of the empire that Ye Qingyu had invited to the banquet, which made every invited person feel honoured and excited, and also a bit surprised. It was said that this was Palace Lord Ye Qingyu's first time taking the initiative to entertain the courtiers of the empire. Moreover, the Empress was currently cultivating in seclusion at this time, therefore it was a little strange to hold a banquet and invite the courtiers without passing through Her Majesty.

Some of the slightly more intelligent people realized that the banquet might not be that simple.

But everyone who was invited was still excited to appear in Light City.

Lin Zheng and the others were the first batch of people to come.

Everything in Light City had long been ready. The venue of the banquet was in the Fire Grove next to the underground fire spirit sword pit. Simple stone tables and stone chairs were set up in the Fire Grove on which there were very simple wine and vegetables. There were not any delicious delicacies or exotic food. The wind rustled the fire trees, creating a leisurely and relaxed atmosphere.

Lin Zheng and the others were not surprised by this.

After all, Palace Lord Ye Qingyu was a divine dragon-like person. Three years ago he was already invincible in Heaven Wasteland Domain. His banquet was obviously substance over style. Even if there were only plain tea and simple food on the stone table, there would still be countless people scrambling for a place to attend the banquet.

Lin Zheng was the person who notified the people on the banquet list, so he naturally knew that there would be others in addition to the courtiers of the empire. The representatives of the four foreign territories were also among those invited.

Gao Han, who could be regarded as only below Ye Qingyu in Light City, personally greeted the arriving ministers and courtiers of the empire and took them to their seats.

This martial arts genius of the Snow Empire who wholeheartedly wanted to live in seclusion back then, was now an authority who could influence the fate of the empire. All the operations of the whole Light City were basically handled by Gao Han, followed by Li Changkong and other people. Even Lin Zheng, a minister of the empire, could only ponder over what Gao Han had said. Of course, Gao Han understood his duty and kept to his role of supervising Light City and never participated in the political affairs of the empire.

But the officials of the empire who came to the banquet all greeted Gao Han politely.

After the time needed to burn an incense stick.

All of the people on the list had arrived.

Among them were the Golden Summit Prince, Hu Yu, the First Princess, and other important figures of the empire.

There were also the two youngsters Heng Weilin and Shang Rui, who were seen as the trusted aides of Lin Zheng.

Among the people, these two were the youngest, and had the lowest position. At the beginning of the welcoming, the two youngsters could not believe that they could get such a chance to sit here, and were unable to calm their excitement. They were grateful to Lin Zheng for recognizing their worth and employing them, and had incomparable respect for him. But when it came to a true idol, it was still the Lord of the Light Palace Ye Qingyu. These two were known as the most remarkable rising stars of the empire in the past two decades, but listening to the beautiful sound of the Fire Grove, there was a surreal dream-like feeling.

The other officials of the empire, seeing that the two young men had also appeared at the banquet, could not help but improve their opinion of them.

As Ye Qingyu appeared in the Fire Grove in a white robe, everyone uncontrollably stood up.

There was a hot, crazy, but peaceful strangeness in the air.

Everyone was incomparably excited, but also dared not to be the first to speak.

“Everybody, it’s been a long while, please sit down.” Ye Qingyu, who was seated on the central main seat, smiled and gave a cupped fist salute. He then looked at the First Princess, the Golden Summit Prince and the other people. “Princess, Prince, thank you for coming.”

The atmosphere soon relaxed.

The banquet began.

The fruits and vegetables, as well as the drinks on the table were not ordinary items, but were spirit fruits and divine wine that Ye Qingyu had obtained from outside of Heaven Wasteland Domain. After drinking, everybody felt refreshed, unprecedented comforted, and some were surprised to find that the injuries in their body from many years ago and chronic ailments were gradually eliminated.

“All of you are the pillars of my Heaven Wasteland Empire. I returned to Heaven Wasteland Domain three days ago, and the first thing I wanted to do was invite you to the Fire Grove to discuss the opening of the Domain Gate, the beginning of a new era for Heaven Wasteland Domain, and the future of the empire.”

Ye Qingyu raised his glass first in salute.

Everybody raised their glasses in salute.

Finishing it in one gulp.

Ye Qingyu smiled, “Actually, the reason I invited everybody here today, in addition to the banquet, there are some things I want to discuss with you. But before we go into the discussion, I ask you to come and watch a show first.”

As he was speaking, he gently moved his hand in a waving motion.

Gao Han, who was standing at Ye Qingyu's side, immediately went away to prepare.

Everybody was curious.

What was the show that Palace Lord Ye Qingyu wanted everybody to see?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 899:


Chapter 916, One’s fate is hard to grasp



The next moment, Gao Han had returned.

Behind him was a team of around thirty Light soldiers, all clad in silver armour, escorting more than ten people to the seats outside the banquet. Being surrounded by the armoured Light soldiers, the prisoner-like people were staring at the important figures at the banquet with a terrified look.

The more than ten figures looked incredibly miserable.

Among them, there was a youngster who looked around twenty years old, with fair skin, especially his face, which was a sickly white. With one glance, it was obvious that he was the son of a wealthy family. He was uncontrollably shaking with fear and panic, and the seven or eight people behind him seemed to be bodyguards, but their yuan qi had been sealed, and were similarly shivering all over.

Some people at the banquet recognized that the wealthy Gonzi was young master Hong Ruoqing of the famous Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce. These days, Hong Ruoqing had alarmed the higher-ups of the empire, and the reason for it was because he had colluded with young master Fu Yan of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce. What they had done in the Snow capital including kidnapping women and abusing them to death had stirred up great indignation. The imperial court and the ordinary people were all talking about how to deal with this matter.

And Hong Ruoqing's eight bodyguards were martial arts experts known as the [Eight Tigers], who the Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce had hired with a huge amount of money. It was said that the kidnapping of women was what Hong Ruoqing had ordered the [Eight Tigers] to do in order to please the Chamber of Commerce of a upper domain.

Today the people who were qualified to attend the Fire Grove banquet were not only well-informed, but also intelligent. The moment they saw that Hong Ruoqing and his minions were brought out, they immediately realized that the ‘good show’ that Palace Lord Ye Qingyu was referring to must be related to the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce. Otherwise, the Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce and Hong Ruoqing did not have the qualification to ‘act’.

“I Pay... pay... pay my respects to Palace Lord Ye Qingyu! I Pay my respects to all Lords.” Hong Ruoqing knelt down, shivering.

At the beginning, as he and the [Eight Tigers] were directly brought out from the Hong residence by the Light soldiers, he was constantly swearing and questioning the Light soldiers on which government office of the empire were they from, making a fuss over who he was, and that he would definitely retaliate. But then, as he passed through the imperial army camp and finally came to the legendary Light City, he came to realize that it didn't feel right. Looking at the banquet, where the core major figures of the empire were unexpectedly present, as well as the First Princess, who was rarely see, the arrogant young master was scared out of his wits, instinctively kneeling down in response.

Ye Qingyu didn't even glance at him.

“I have just come back from Heaven Connect City, and have already heard many things. Thus, today, I have invited everybody here to set a plan for what Heaven Wasteland Domain needs to do next.” Ye Qingyu stood up, sweeping his eyes over the officials of the Empire, and said frankly, “The Domain Gate has opened and the foreign forces are pouring in. You are the outstanding talents of the empire, but what we are facing is a complex situation that had never happened before for thousands of years. The Vast Thousand Domains is vast, but it is the first time they are slowly shown to the people of Heaven Wasteland Domain. Presumably all of you have learned the outside world from various aspects. Even I have to admit that, for a long period of time, Heaven Wasteland Domain has been behind closed-doors and disregarded the outside world. Compared to the top civilizations of the great wide world, Heaven Wasteland Domain is at least thousands of years behind. Now everyone’s understanding had been subverted. Under the impact, it is easy to undervalue oneself, especially on how to face the chambers of commerce  of the foreign domains, and cooperate and deal with the large and small forces. It is easy to be overly cautious, waver, and be uncertain. Of course, the reason for this is also the fear of bringing unnecessary trouble for the empire... However, I hope that all of you will remember this, one must first conduct oneself with dignity for outsiders to take you seriously.”

Everyone trembled when they heard this.

They had understood the meaning of Ye Qingyu right away.

In particular, the last sentence was the real so-called plan.

“Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce has obtained a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to to cooperate with the empire. But not only were they not loyal and dedicated themselves to the service of the empire, but they even betrayed the empire, only to obtain the favour of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce. Trash like Hong Ruoqing, who has no title and not the slightest meritorious achievement, dared to ignore the imperial laws, kidnap women and abuse them to death...” Ye Qingyu's eyes finally landed on the shivering young master of the Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce, like he was as worthless as muckworm. “It seems that in less two or three years, some people would forget the imperial iron laws. If I kill him today, would there be any objection?”

“I've been wanting to kill that little monster long ago.”

“Punish him according to the law.”

“Palace Lord Ye Qingyu is right, it is difficult to calm the indignation of the people without killing Hong Ruoqing.”

People immediately responded with a vehement reaction.

Ye Qingyu smiled and did not speak.

He got up and walked slowly past the banquet tables, came to in front of Hong Ruoqing, looked down, and asked, “What else do you have to say?”

At this time, Hong Ruoqing had understood what was going to happen today.

He was indeed terrified, and avoided looking face to face with Ye Qingyu by lowering his head. His eyes flashed a ray of light, teeth tightly clenched, and finally summoned the courage to say out loud, “Palace Lord please understand... I, I, I... Palace Lord, I was threatened to do so, that Fu Yan forced me to do so...”

“Oh, you mean kidnapping women and insulting and abusing them to death, and then throwing their bodies on the street, it was that Fu Yan who forced you to do it?”

“Exactly.” Hong Ruoqing knew that there was no use in apologizing at this point. “I had no other choice, I am guilty, but I do not deserve to die. If Palace Lord Ye Qingyu wants to avenge the women, please kill Fu Yan, the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce is culpable. If Lord wants to kill us to calm the anger of the people, then I don’t agree, what Lord is doing is no different from deceitful hypocrites.”

Before his voice faded away.

“Nonsense!” Lin Zheng slammed the table and snapped, “You cunning traitor, do you know that Fu Yan is already dead...”

Ye Qingyu waved his hand, interrupting Lin Zheng.

“You are a little clever to dare to use words to persuade me. If this thought was used in the right path, then this would not have happened today.” Ye Qingyu smiled. “You put all the blame onto Fu Yan, because you’re certain that I cannot do anything about the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, but in fact, you are just a spectator in today's play...”

As he was speaking, Wang Lijin, commander of the Light camp, trotted over and whispered a few words in Ye Qingyu’s ear.

Ye Qingyu nodded, “The main character has finally arrived, please come in.”

The people at the banquet were all very curious who the main character that Palace Lord Ye Qingyu spoke of could be.

While Lin Zheng and the others, who already knew that Fu Yan had been killed by Ye Qingyu, immediately realized that the people of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce had finally arrived. Li Wanhai had vowed to take revenge, but he was already ready so soon? Looking at the calm expression on Ye Qingyu’s face, Lin Zheng was similarly very curious what his hidden trump card was.

As expected, a moment later.

The figure of Li Wanhai, the chief supervisor of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, had appeared outside the Fire Grove.

Behind a murderous-looking Li Wanhai were dozens of martial arts experts, all radiating an imposing and terrifying manner, especially a white-bearded old man, who was clothed in a coarse cloth robe and supported by a black walking stick. Although there was not the slightest imposing manner coming from him, his aura was not in the slightest ordinary. It was obvious that he was a top martial arts expert.

“Huh? That old man... is terrifying...” the incredibly powerful First Princess Yu Junqing and top expert Hu Yu exclaimed at the same time.

These two people had special status in the empire, and did not participate in the government affairs, but had high prestige, and were not in the slightest inferior to Right Minister Lin Zheng. The two were sitting on the platform watching quietly, but as their eyes fell on the old man there was a light flashing in their eyes.

In addition, some people also saw that behind Li Wanhai and the others there were two middle-aged people, who were not members of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce. One of whom seemed to have some power and influence, dressed extraordinarily, and under his chin were three strands of long pale-red hair. One glance and it was obvious that he was a shrewd and intelligent person. He was the president of the Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce, Hong Ruoqing's father.

“Are you Ye Qingyu? Do you know what you have done?” Li Wanhai strode into the Fire Grove, fixed Ye Qingyu with a piercing stare, and said with a menacing sneer. “Arrogant fool, the entire Heaven Wasteland Empire has to pay for your foolish madness, even if you get on your knees today and beg, you still cannot escape death.”

……

……

The sky was high, the clouds were pale.

An incomparably gorgeous and unparalleled medium-sized airship was shuttling between the blue sky and white clouds of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

“Ahead is the Heaven Wasteland Empire Snow capital, right?” At the bow of the airship was a middle-aged man, sitting on a scarlet red fire chair, overlooking the mountains and rivers. “This new domain really has infinite potential, I smell the atmosphere of the primitive heaven and earth. Haha, the sky is big, the land is wide, and rich in resources, it is a surprise. This territory area could be ranked in the top ten of the Vast Thousand Domains. What is even more remarkable is that the domain has a long history. In another hundreds of years, this domain will become the best domain in the world.”

The middle-aged man was clearly not from Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Hundreds of meters behind him, on the deck, a huge sail unfolded, and at the top of the sail was a long line of banners rattling in the wind, and on which there were four magnificent words in flames.

Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce

This was the main ship of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce.

And the middle-aged man was the current president of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, Fu Tianao.

This was Fu Tianao's first day of secretly patrolling Heaven Wasteland Domain.

He had secretly come to visit to see how much potential Heaven Wasteland Domain had and if it was worth investing in. At this time, the news that Ye Qingyu had become a Deputy Envoy had not yet reached Heaven Wasteland Domain. Fu Tianao had a very simple plan in mind. He had heard that Ye Qingyu had returned to Heaven Wasteland Domain, so after his secret visit he had personally brought a huge gift to pay a visit to the new appointee, and try to make friends with him, to strive for greater benefits for the Sky Suppressing Chamber of commerce.

“Sigh, the fate of man is really too difficult to grasp. That Ye Qingyu is just a lowly domain citizen but had unexpectedly reached the sky in one step, rapidly soared, and is now the [Ice Sword Killing God]. Even I, the President of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, also have to bow down to him.”

Fu Tianao sighed——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 900:


Chapter 917, You will regret it



“Yes, the power the human Race had in the Vast Thousand Domains had crumbled, but these years there have been countless Heaven's pridelings and there hasn’t been any shortage of young people with potential. However what I cannot understand is how Ye Qingyu has risen rapidly. Logically speaking, his foundation should be unstable, but his every step is very steady. Now he has become the third deputy envoy of the Human Race, he has soared to the heavens. It really is incredible. With him supporting Heaven Wasteland Domain, it would be impossible for an ordinary person to touch Heaven Wasteland Domain.”

An old man in plain cotton clothing behind Fu Tianao sighed.

The old man called Ke Juxian played the role of trusted adviser in the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, and followed President Fu Tianao for many years. His relationship with Fu Tianao was between that of a teacher and friend. In the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce he was usually very low-key, and called himself ‘old servant’. Although he was not the strongest, he was terrifying knowledgeable and wise, and had often made perfect counterattacks in commercial wars with his strategic decision.

“Haha, I can't believe how Elder Ke Juxian could be so optimistic about Ye Qingyu.” Fu Tianao smiled, stood up, came to the battleship deck and began to stretch his body.

The old man Ke Juxian followed after, “That man analyzes every step he takes, and takes necessary risks to win. He could even come out alive in the 18th district  of the Black Demon Abyss, and made friends with [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], as well as the Phoenix Race and the Black Demon Race... That man has invincible luck. Now is his time of transforming into the dragon. No matter what we must not make him an enemy.”

Fu Tianao nodded, turned back and smiled, “Yes, we cannot make Ye Qingyu an enemy. Elder Ke Juxian you see it as luck, but I view it as martial arts strength. In the world of martial arts, strength is the foundation of all. My Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce has spent forty percent  of the annual profit, and it took nearly one hundred years, to cultivate a Sky Suppressing military division. However, based on impact it is inferior to how Ye Qingyu became famous in a battle in Yangcheng City. If the information that was found is not wrong, and that the battle on the little summit in Black Demon Abyss really existed, then Ye Qingyu's strength has really reached an unfathomable level. Even if he were not a deputy envoy of the Human Race, we still have to bow down to him.”

The two men chatted and laughed, seemingly extremely relaxed.

Because according to some previous news, the diplomatic mission corps of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce had performed pretty well in Heaven Wasteland Domain and had reached a number of agreements with Heaven Wasteland Domain, as well as built many good relationships. Fu Tianao did not inform the chief of the mission corps Li Wanhai in advance about his visit this time. He wanted to personally meet the Empress and Ye Qingyu to express his sincerity.

He wanted to obtain the friendship of Heaven Wasteland Empire, especially that of Ye Qingyu, before the other big chambers of commerce.

“President, ahead is Snow capital, there are airships of the Heaven Wasteland Empire patrolling around. The other side wants us to lower the height and to be subjected to inspection...” bodyguards of the Chamber of Commerce came over to report.

Fu Tianao nodded, “Do everything according to the rules and laws of the Heaven Wasteland Empire. We are guests, guest should do as the host thinks fit.”

……

Outside of Light City.

Xie Yuyun was drenched in cold sweat and almost too weak to stand up.

As the chief of a top chamber of commerce, the True Spirit Chamber of Commerce, Xie Yuyun was in fact a very strong and important person. In the Vast Thousand Domains, he also had a bit of fame and was the one behind the True Spirit Chamber of Commerce controlling the descendants of the Xie family. He entered the chamber of commerce thirty years ago and had made many great achievements ever since. Now he was one of the six chiefs of power in the chamber of commerce, second only to the president, and the youngest chief ever.

To tell the truth, his visit to Heaven Wasteland Domain was a task that he had racked his brain to obtain.

Many people of the True Spirit Chamber of Commerce understood how terrifying the potential of a new domain could be. To be able to become the head of this business district, as long as he did not make any careless mistake, in around three to five years or so, and at most ten years, he could get enough merits and achievements, and move a step further, and even potentially attack the president's throne.

Xie Yuyun, of course, had this thought.

But, this time, he almost made a huge mistake.

And it was a devastating flaw that was almost fatal.

Thinking back, half an hour ago, when Xie Yuyun received the hundreds of thousands of urgent messages from the headquarters of Heaven Connect City, and learned that the present Ye Qingyu had become the third deputy envoy of the Human Race, he almost lost consciousness from fear.

Because before that, he had made a deal with Li Wanhai of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce to join forces to fight against the Heaven Wasteland Empire, forcing the higher-ups of the Heaven Wasteland Empire to sanction Ye Qingyu.

Xie Yuyun's way of thinking was same as Li Wanhai. They both thought that since Ye Qingyu had done so much for Heaven Wasteland Domain and came from Heaven Wasteland Domain, he would be the same as many geniuses, in that he would be restrained by his people and that Heaven Wasteland Domain would be his achilles heel. Although the chamber of commerce alliance did not have much advantage facing Ye Qingyu directly, but if they pressured him from the side, and sanctioned him through the Heaven Wasteland Empire, then the winner would certainly be the chambers of commerce alliance.

After all, Xie Yuyun had used the same method in many other domains before.

But it had never occurred to him that Ye Qingyu had soared to the sky, becoming the third deputy envoy of the Human Race of the Domain Alliance.

After reading the urgent message from the headquarters, Xie Yuyun almost went crazy.

After the great shock, he immediately issued a series of orders, did not hesitate to unilaterally tear up the agreement he had reached with Li Wanhai, and then ordered people to, in the shortest possible time, prepare a generous gift, then personally came to the Light City and respectfully asked to see Ye Qingyu.

And just now, through several Light soldiers, Xie Yuyun came to know that a few moments ago, Li Wanhai along with dozens of top elite experts of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce had aggressively stormed towards Light City.

This was a strategy that the chiefs of the major chambers of commerce had discussed before. Li Wanhai would take the lead, and then he and the chief of the Divine Symbol Chamber of Commerce and Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce would gradually enter Light City, pressuring the higher ups of the Heaven Wasteland Empire.

“It seems that Li Wanhai has not received the urgent message from the headquarters of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce yet, and did not know that Ye Qingyu had become the third deputy envoy of the Human Race... Next, Li Wanhai was bound to be killed, not only Li Wanhai, the whole Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce really has met with bad luck. It's all because of that Fu Yan!”

Xie Yuyun was soaked in cold sweat with this thought.

At this moment, several waves of people were coming in the distance.

It was the chief of the Divine Symbol Chamber of Commerce and the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce appearing with their trusted aides.

Xie Yuyun, upon a glance at them, immediately knew that they were also aware of Ye Qingyu’s identity. Thus, like him, they rushed over to make amends. As for Li Wanhai... that idiot who was seeking death, they could only let him fend for himself.

Given the events, the choice of each chamber of commerce was strangely consistent, betraying the pig Li Wanhai.

……

……

“Today, I, Li Wanhai will put the words out there, if Ye Qingyu is not dead, the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce will immediately withdraw from Heaven Wasteland Domain, not only to withdraw, but also completely block Heaven Wasteland Domain from the Vast Thousand Domains. I will let you know what is the fire of anger of a top chamber of commerce.”

Li Wanhai screamed with extreme anger.

He swept his eyes across everyone at the banquet of the Fire Grove, like he was looking at a group of foolish dogs.

The majority of the courtiers of Heaven Wasteland Empire all had a change of expression.

They did not know about the death of Fu Yan, so it was impossible for them to understand why Li Wanhai was so furious, and had such strong resentment towards Palace Lord Ye Qingyu.

“Oh, is the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce that amazing?” Ye Qingyu smiled, and said in a slightly mocking tone, “The fire of anger of a top chamber of commerce? Is it scary? You think too highly of yourself. Moreover, can your words really represent the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce?”

“Hmph, whether or not the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce is that great, you will soon know. The person with the surname Ye, you’re nothing but a mad dog. You do not deserve the reputation you have on the Road of Chaos. The major forces are just too lazy to deal with a mad dog like you. Do you really think that you’re really invincible?” Li Wanhai did not hold back at all. He wanted to force the higher-ups of the Heaven Wasteland Empire to sanction and abandon Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was not in the slightest angered by his words.

Many trash like Li Wanhai had died in his hands on the Road of Chaos. Given Ye Qingyu's present status, how would he be provoked by such low-level tricks and words.

But the others could not stand it any longer.

“Nonsense, how dare you be so rude, you deserve to die,” Gao Han snapped. No matter when, no matter what the occasion, Gao Han would firmly stood on the side of Ye Qingyu, and would never waver in the slightest.

Lin Zheng and the others also sprang up and slammed the table.

The situation instantly became tensed.

At this moment, another Light soldier darted over to report that the chiefs of the three main chambers of commerce, including the True Spirit, Engraved Cauldron and Divine Symbol, were outside asking to see Ye Qingyu no matter what.

“Hahahahaha...” Li Wanhai burst into wild laughter. “I told you I will let you foolish villagers know how terrifying the power of top chambers of commerce is. I’m not afraid to tell you that the chiefs of these three chambers of commerce are here to suppress and sanction Mad Dog Ye. If your Heaven Wasteland Empire cannot give me an account, you will regret it.”

All of the people present had a change of countenance upon hearing these words.

If they had only provoked the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, it would not be the end of the world for Heaven Wasteland Empire. However, if the four major chambers of commerce all refused to cooperate with them, then the problem could be really big. For the imperial empire, it would be tantamount to a disaster. What had Palace Lord Ye Qingyu done that would unexpectedly stir up such a huge trouble.

This must be a misunderstanding, right?

Some people's eyes wavered as they looked at Ye Qingyu——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

