Chapter 753:


Chapter 771 The Waning Moon and Waxing Moon Strikes


Nodding his head, the Third Prince saw that, despite being badly injured and bloodied, Ye Qingyu's battle intent continued to burn. The latter's broken body did not waver in the slightest, resembling an iron spear stuck firmly into the ground. To the Third Prince, it was as if seeing his own figure of many years back. After staring for quite a while, he sighed and turned to leave.

He did not try persuading Ye Qingyu to admit defeat again.

As a fellow human, he knew what an insult it would be to urge a person like this to admit defeat in a situation like this.

It was unfortunate that this person chose to oppose the Four Stars holy girl.

No matter who it was, anyone who obstructed Little Yu's path toward gaining Dao had to die.

The Third Prince backed out of the field of thunder and lightning and returned the spear to its sheath on his back.

As the holy girl's eyes fell upon Ye Qingyu, she did not immediately take action and instead said, "Young man, I see the potential and dignity in you, and shall take back my earlier words. I won't make you a slave or kill you as long as you pledge allegiance to me and assist me in gaining the Dao by fighting for me and clearing the way. I'll even bestow you a status that you can't even imagine and give you anything you want from the Vast Thousand Domains..."

While coughing out mouthfuls of blood, Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

"You won't be the first genius that I've killed. Young man, you don't have many chances, so don't challenge my patience." The holy girl's tone gradually turned ice-cold as she looked at Ye Qingyu. Due to the passing of time, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's attainment of nirvana would soon be complete, and once that happened, her strength would escalate sharply and there would then be many troubles for the holy girl. Therefore, as much as she appreciated Ye Qingyu's talents and will, she absolutely would not indulge him to this extent.

"No more patience? Then get going." Blood flowed out of his mouth endlessly. On the surface, the spear only punctured a bowl-sized hole on his body, but in reality, a dark force from the spear shattered his viscera, and thus his condition was a lot worse than it appeared.

Fortunately, the rigorous strength and inexhaustible vitality of an Immortal Step realm expert meant that as long as at least one strand of true spirit remained in his body, he would not only not die but also possess battle strength.

"Alright." A chill swept across the holy girl's eyes.

She had rarely given an unfamiliar man repeated chances like she did today and, in line with her martial disposition which only cared about benefits, did so despite Ye Qingyu's display of extreme contempt and disdain toward her. However, his repeated refusals - and unhesitant refusals to boot - caused her killing heart to stir.

However, at the very last moment before she acted, she glanced at the giant golden egg on the distant parasol tree and suddenly conceived an idea. Hence, she paused for a while before asking, "I have one last question. Can you clear the doubts in my heart?"

Spitting out another mouthful of blood, Ye Qingyu raised his head with a smile that was as warm as sunshine. "Okay, ask away."

"The Celestial Phoenix Maiden and I are both Heaven's pridelings, and I'm no inferior to her be it in terms of background, status, talent, strength, looks, or temperament. Moreover, with that cold nature of hers, she remembers neither kindness nor hostility, doesn't interact with people, and is accustomed to traveling alone. She speaks the same blunt way to everyone and is immature in thought and tact. I'm way ahead of her in these aspects, no matter how you look at it, and thus my chances of a successful pursuit of a Great Dao are much greater than hers. Why would a person like you choose her over me?"

While asking this question, the holy girl did not show any killing intent and spoke in an extremely sincere tone, as if she was genuinely consulting a friend on something.

Seeing her seriousness, Ye Qingyu could not help laughing out loud.

Many a genius person could understand world affairs of the past and present and could see through and calculate everything so as to devise appropriate strategies, yet on a few small matters, they simply could not see the woods for the trees.

"Simple. I'll tell you the true reason why I've been rejecting you if you tell me why you killed Priest Yu Sheng, Tian Huayu, and the others." His expression also became serious.

The Four Stars holy girl nodded, "They aren't my people and naturally had to be killed. However, I didn't kill indiscriminately. Every one of them has a reason why they had to die. Their deaths are very valuable to me and so it was all for the better," she spoke very frankly.

Smiling, Ye Qingyu furthered, "So, that's to say, no matter their background or status, or whether they are good or evil, weak or strong, or whatever else, they would have to die as long as you feel that their deaths are beneficial to you, right?"

The holy girl nodded her head as if that went without saying.

Still smiling, Ye Qingyu sallied, "This is the reason why I rejected you."

Given her intelligence, the holy girl understood what he meant at once.

However, showing no repentance, she instead shook her head gently, "Actually, I've misjudged you and didn't know you're so lacking in self-confidence. If you constantly prove the value of your existence to me, you'd never end up like them... This is truly disappointing."

Ye Qingyu laughed languidly, "That kind of life is too pressurizing and meaningless... Besides, no matter how much I prove to you, there'll come a day when you feel that my death is more valuable to you than my life. And most importantly... do you really think that in this world, only you are destined to gain the Dao? Why should I submit to you when it would be better to build an emperor's road and reach the pinnacle on my own?”

Two piercingly cold beams of light shot out abruptly from the holy girl's eyes and locked on to Ye Qingyu.

A wicked suppressive force pervaded her eyes.

Paying no heed to this, Ye Qingyu laughed once again and supplemented a line, "Of course, these aren't the main reason, which is that..."

The holy girl's expression changed as she listened carefully, hoping to find out what the most important reason was.

"Most importantly..." Ye Qingyu enunciated every word. "She's more pleasing to my eyes than you."

A grim luster flickered in the holy girl's eyes.

She nodded without saying anything else.

Clear moonlight surged all over her body. Unlike the sharp and matchless power of the Mizar Race's Third Prince, the holy girl's cultivated crafts were unknown secret techniques. Her chilly and indifferent yuan qi and aura were as pure and otherworldly as the silver brilliance of the winter moonlight, and only a single sparse layer of them shrouded her entire body, effectively making her appear to be a full moon which emitted a sprinkling of silver light that partitioned the field of thunder and lightning and diluted the purple lightning radiance.

Ye Qingyu's expression became grim like never before.

He immediately realized how frighteningly powerful this woman was. She was way superior to the Third Prince, giving off a chilly, otherworldly moonlight, while possessing a will that could control and perceive everything in the field of thunder and lightning. Ye Qingyu's perception, however, seemed to inform him that she was not in the human world at present.

Moonlight gathered.

A crescent moon appeared in her palm.

"People experience the sorrows of parting and the joys of reunion, while the moon waxes and wanes... [Waning Moon Strike]!"

As a chilly shout rang out, the waning moon spun and struck elusively from an indeterminate angle and trajectory.

"Field of thunder and lightning... [Chaotic Protection]!" Daring not to be negligent, Ye Qingyu activated the hundreds of formations in the surroundings and collected an endless stream of primeval fiendgod world spiritual qi. The field of thunder and lightning was roused to its peak state, with its core's chaotic thunder liquid turning into six bright stars which evolved into a giant shield that circulated chaotic qi and protected around Ye Qingyu's body.

Tink...!

A soft ringing noise was heard.

As it struck the shield, the [Waning Moon Strike] let out a fine metallic noise which echoed faintly yet endlessly, piercing everyone's eardrums.

The shield made a clicking noise as several crevice lines appeared on it.

As if suffering a terrible injury, Ye Qingyu's countenance changed dramatically and a layer of evil blood qi emanated from his facial features.

"Puff!"

He spat a mouthful of blood essence out of the shield that was on the verge of breaking.

Dark red blood suffused along the crevices and instantly repaired the chaotic shield.

However, the waning moon had yet to dissipate. After its initial impact, it swept at a strange curved angle across the void and came mercilessly once more.

"[Waning Moon Continuous Strikes]!"

The holy girl's voice sounded like she was bringing judgment to this world.

Tink...!

The long and piercing demonic voice rang out once again at a frightening overtone, agitating the field of thunder and lightning and eliciting fine ripples.

Click.

The shield was broken again.

"F*ck it, how can... this woman be this strong?" Ye Qingyu felt anxious inwardly. The strength displayed by the holy girl was comparable to that of a lower Saint, and every one of her strikes contained Saint-level power. Yet, if she was really a Saint, she should not have been able to get through the Door of Life.

Setting these thoughts aside, Ye Qingyu promptly spat out another stream of blood essence on to the shield.

The field of thunder and lightning around him boiled wildly and howled like a stormy ocean, before the power within hit its maximum level and injected power into Ye Qingyu's body frenziedly. All of the power in the world within a hundred kilometers was now for him to manipulate.

Facing him.

In a strange sight, two moonlight lotuses shot out of the holy girl's eyes and allowed her to become an otherworldly goddess of sorts, who possessed no human feelings and was terrifying like no other.

"People experience the sorrows of parting and the joys of reunion, while the moon waxes and wanes... [Waxing Moon Strike]!"

Completely emotionless words spouted from her mouth.

The crescent moon spun and landed between her brows. Subsequently, as its moonlight swelled, the crescent moon became a perfectly-round and flawless full moon. Buzzing and vibrating, it gradually rolled and ground its way toward Ye Qingyu.

Hardening his heart, he spat out several mouthfuls of blood essence in succession and dyed the shield blood-red. His blood circulated on the surface of the shield, rousing a mysterious power that caused the chaotic aura on the shield to circulate frenziedly once more.

Boom boom boom!

The silver dish-like waxing moon, lacking the gracefulness of the earlier waning moon, smashed hard on the shield.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 754:


Chapter 772 - Some People Are Never Meant to Be


Cracks swiftly appeared on that shield.

With every collision, Ye Qingyu's figure would shake violently and blood would flow afresh from the wounds that covered his body. He looked like he was about to collapse at any moment and the sounds of bones cracking could be heard from his body. He was clearly under immense pressure.

Boom! Boom!

The silver moon disc continued its relentless attack on the shield.

Ye Qingyu coughed up huge mouthfuls of blood.

He was completely drenched in his own blood as it spilled across the floor at his feet like little rivulets. He was no longer able to control his blood qi for he had lost too much blood.

"I will spare your life if you move aside," the Four Stars holy girl's voice rang out again. "The words I said earlier remain valid."

Ye Qingyu paid no heed to her and stood tall where he was, his expression calm. He clenched his jaw and there was a determined glow in his eyes that did not exist before. He stood there like a lone wolf and looked at her with a trace of scorn and disdain in his gaze.

The Four Stars holy girl could not help but sigh to herself when she caught sight of that gaze.

Some people might be blessed by the gods or doted on by fate, so they were born with things that most people could only dream of having – status, background, power, talent... but in this world, regardless of power or wealth, there were some things that just were not meant to be yours. No matter how much one pursued it, it just was not meant to be. The same rule applied to the Immortal gods, deities, and demons as well as those almighty heaven's pridelings.

She could tell from Ye Qingyu's gaze that the man who stood upright in front of her was someone she would never have.

Therefore, she stopped trying to persuade him.

Since she couldn't have him, he must be killed.

Bright yuan qi surged around her.

The silver moon disc became even more dazzling, as though it was about to break free from the heavens.

Crack!

As a corner of Ye Qingyu's chaotic lightning hexagon shield shattered and fell apart, a chilly glow that burst forth from the silver moon disc entered through this corner and brushed past his left shoulder. Then, his left shoulder completely disappeared as though erased from a painting.

His expression did not change.

"Heavenly lightning and earthly fires, everything returns to its origins... take that!"

He shouted clearly and used the five fingers on his remaining arm to tap out a formation technique. His fingers moved as quickly as soft lotus petals, the barely discernible afterimage left by his fingers transforming into a mysterious formation in front of his chest.

The lightning domain within a hundred kilometers suddenly disappeared and surged into his body, which turned purple as lightning surrounded him. He used the power of thunder and lightning to replace his missing arm, then slowly raised both of his hands as he lifted the crashed silver moon disc up in the air.

"Ahhhhh..."

Roaring wildly, he grabbed the silver moon disc to everyone's surprise.

The Four Stars holy girl's expression changed slightly.

In the distance, the Third Prince of the Mizar Race's expression suddenly became complicated like no other. His gaze as he looked at Ye Qingyu was one of pure respect. If he had met such a person or an opponent under normal circumstances, he would have shared a drink with him before engaging in a fair battle. However, at this time...

"Sigh!" Finally, the Third Prince shook his head slightly. "He's a brave fighter; it's such a pity..." he said admiringly.

By his side, a shocked and complex expression crossed the face of Yang Wanqu, who did not know what to say and could not but feel helpless and jealous at the same time.

On the ground.

Like parched soil or shattered glass, Ye Qingyu's skin started to split open inch by inch and ooze blood. It seemed as if a gust of wind could instantly cause him to become as tattered as a broken porcelain doll.

Nonetheless, he still managed to hold his ground in spite of the silver moon disc's repeated attacks.

The purple lightning surged wildly within him and held together his body, which could shatter at any moment.

The silver moon disc's power finally started to wane.

"Haha, ahhhhh…" Ye Qingyu laughed madly before growling angrily. The muscles on his arms tensed and there was a loud crack as the golden disc shattered. He had destroyed the silver moon disc with his bare hands.

The Four Stars holy girl's expression changed once again.

Yu Qingyu's maniacal laughter had shaken the high heavens.

"You'll never be able to take one step further as long as I'm here," he said with his eyes filled with purple lightning. The heavy injuries he had sustained had failed to force him to retreat. Instead, he became even more tenacious and savage, as though he was a fiendgod bathed in fire and blood, and resolutely held his ground.

It would not be long before the Celestial Phoenix Maiden woke from nirvana.

Ye Qingyu saw a glimmer of hope.

A flicker of impatience flashed past the Four Stars holy girl's eyes.

"I'd never imagined that someone from the younger generation could force me to use my [Red Lotus Hellfire]... You should be proud of being the first."

She opened her palm.

A delicate, shallow vase appeared in her beautiful hand, as white as snow. It was glossy and slightly lustrous, and although there were no engravings on it, it had the simple, pure beauty of a natural embellishment.

What was surprising about it was that it gave off a savage aura, as though a terrifying fiendgod was trapped within it.

"Wildfire lotus, a holy source. Red lotus hellfire, burn everything!"

Her mouth opened slightly as she chanted some kind of ancient scriptures.

Then, she lifted her hands.

The white vase in her hands gently tipped over in a smooth arc, just as though she was a deity in her abode watering plants. The fiery red, viscous liquid slowly flowed out from the vase; it shone as brightly as a blood-colored glass before it landed on the grass below.

Boom!

The surrounding plants immediately caught fire.

The temperature rose rapidly at a terrifying speed. This red liquid was the fire from the red lotus and, unlike an ordinary flame, it contained the power to kill gods and demons. Instantly, its blood-colored demon fire licked across the area, covering an area of a hundred kilometers.

An invisible, treacherous power spread across the area alongside the demon fire.

The wind only served to fan the flames as it billowed across the skies.

The flames surged wildly, blotting out the sun.

"This is… hellfire?" There was nothing left in Ye Qingyu's shocked eyes but the blood-red glow of the flames.

Hellfire was a fire that could kill gods and demons and was known to be able to burn anything, including Immortal beings. Every organism in this universe was born with karma and because of this principle of causation, once they faced hellfire, even a Great Emperor of the martial way would go up in flames.

This flame was known as the god-killing demon-slaying fire, a terrifying name.

There were also various kinds of hellfire.

These red flames were from one of the four legendary hellfires – [Red Lotus Hellfire].

Ye Qingyu had not expected the Four Stars holy girl to be in possession of such a violent fire.

In an instant, the terrifying demon fire spread across the area like a huge blood-colored red lotus, turning the area surrounding the mountain into a sea of fire and the grassy plains into a sea of blood. The plants that caught fire did not even have time to burn before they turned into nothingness.

Ye Qingyu was even more surprised by the fact that this demon fire did not just affect the mountain and the grass, but even the wind, clouds, and the natural forces seemed to be burning.

A fiery force that had the power to destroy everything came toward him.

He felt like he was about to be burnt to ashes himself.

"Oh no…"

He was extremely shocked and knew that he was now truly in danger.

He had already sustained heavy internal injuries and could only burn his own physical force to create formation techniques. He finally activated his final hidden card and tiny lightning formations appeared all over the Void, frantically absorbing primeval power. The lightning formation scattered all over the mountain before releasing a blinding purple light.

From the very beginning, he had laid out three layers of lightning formations. He laid the first layer outside, buried the second under the earth, and hid the third in the Void. These three layers were his final resorts, of which the third layer, in particular, was his trump card which he did not even activate when his physical form was almost destroyed by the [Waxing Moon Strike].

But now that he was facing the god-killing demon-slaying [Red Lotus Hellfire], he was left with no other choice.

Instantly, a defensive lightning shield containing one hundred and eight ancient characters reappeared and encircled the mountain, protecting him and the ancient parasol tree.

The [Red Lotus Hellfire] was just like a maggot and swiftly swept forward like a tidal wave, wrapping itself around the purple lightning on the formation. It enveloped all the lightning within it and relentlessly swallowed and eroded the formation.

Under Ye Qingyu's control, hundreds of lightning formations, each about the size of a palm, surged wildly, like purple divine snakes trying to wriggle their way out.

He was astonished.

His ultimate move had failed to stop the [Red Lotus Hellfire].

The [Red Lotus Hellfire’s] attacks increased in intensity when it sensed that the ancient lightning formation was about to collapse.

The situation was extremely dangerous.

Ye Qingyu sensed that the power of thunder and lightning was not able to block this terrifying hellfire. Even if he used the power of wind and the [Supreme Ice Flame], he would probably not be able to stop this hellfire. This did not mean that these three forces were not as powerful as the [Red Lotus Hellfire], but showed that he was not powerful enough to unleash the true potential of these powers.

"Since that's the case…. I'll have to give it a shot."

He muttered an ancient character.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] within his dantian world suddenly shook slightly, then started to operate automatically.

He did not have the ability to move the bird's egg on the parasol tree, so there was no way he could escape now. However, since this [Cloud Top Cauldron] had saved his life a few times, even managing to shield him from the curse at the Fallen God Abyss, he reckoned that he should at least give it a shot.

This was his final attempt.

The next moment.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] that had been slowly operating in his dantian world suddenly flew out and stood suspended in the Void, buzzing and vibrating.

As if it had just been awakened, it expanded from the size of a fist to a three-legged cauldron that could only be lifted by fifty or sixty people. At the same time, all across the area, a mysterious formation light beam started blinking, releasing a powerful, ancient aura of the Great Dao.

The mysterious laws of the universe started to flow out from the bronze cauldron.

Simultaneously, the primeval yuan qi and power of laws seemed to have been attracted by a mysterious power, surging forth wildly from all areas. The ancient divine beasts engraved on the cauldron suddenly released a dazzling golden ray as though they had come to life.

The bronze cauldron shook violently, just like it had come back to life.

Yellow mist rose from the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and floated downwards like thousands of weeping willows, or a golden curtain.

As the golden mist continued to flow out of the cauldron, it enveloped the entire mountain, parasol tree, and Ye Qingyu himself within it.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 755:


Chapter 773 - Sudden Change


The [Red Lotus Hellfire] soon approached him.

The demon fire flames roared toward him in rapid succession as though they were ferocious ancient demonic creatures that would swallow everything in their way.

The yellow mist continued to move as slowly as a thin veil in the middle of the raging fire.

Boom!

The [Red Lotus Hellfire] collided against the yellow mist.

At that moment, Ye Qingyu felt like the entire universe shook from its impact.

All of a sudden, there was a loud booming sound from the [Cloud Top Cauldron] which was suspended in the air.

But it quickly calmed down.

During the instant in which the [Red Lotus Hellfire] collided against the yellow mist, time and space seemed to pause. Everyone watched as these powers that seemed to be worlds apart grappled with each other. The [Red Lotus Hellfire] surged wildly and followed the trajectory of the yellow mist, shooting high toward the sky. Soon, both the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and the entire mountain were consumed by the fire.

At that moment, all Ye Qingyu could see were the fiery flames that surrounded him, causing his heart to stop in his throat.

Then, the burning sensation he felt suddenly disappeared.

Upon closer inspection, he noticed that the [Red Lotus Hellfire] continued to rage violently, burning everything that stood in its path, including the space barrier which melted like molten glass. However, the yellow mist that floated down from the [Cloud Top Cauldron] acted like the laws of the Great Dao, creating a barrier between him and the flames. It not only did not catch fire but also kept the raging hellfire away as it swayed gently like willows.

The fiery storm that raged was kept completely at bay.

He succeeded!

Just as he suspected, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was able to block the [Red Lotus Hellfire].

His face lit up and he let out a secret sigh of relief.

Nonetheless, he did not let his guard down.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] might have blocked the demon fire for the time being but he did not know how long this would last for.

He was even more concerned by the fact that more than half the time remaining before the Door of Life was due to close had passed. He did not know how long the Four Stars holy girl planned to stay here, but if this stalemate continued, the consequence he would face by failing to return to the Door of Life would be unthinkable.

He turned back and saw that the parasol tree behind him was still in nirvana and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden was still in the state of a golden egg. He then looked down at his broken and tattered body and broke into a wry smile.

"Damn it, I really don't know what has come over me. I've risked so much for this woman, I shouldn't... be so showy... And you should really wake up soon, because if you continue in this state of nirvana, we'd both be doomed!"

Now that they were safe for the time being, he felt tiredness and pain wash over him. He finally staggered and slid to the ground, his feet unsteady.

In the Void.

"How... is this possible? That bronze pot? It looks like a cauldron?" A look of surprise flashed across the Four Stars holy girl's cold eyes.

She had always been able to control her expressions, but this time, the Four Stars holy girl was unable to keep her face from betraying her shock and astonishment.

That strange gigantic cauldron had actually managed to hold off my [Red Lotus Hellfire]. What is it? What kind of divine object could it be?

Who exactly is this person?

Why is he in possession of such a magical object?

Did he... chance upon an opportunity here?

The Third Prince's face changed as well, and a look of surprise flashed past his eyes. He did not know why, but when he saw that Ye Qingyu had managed to hold off the [Red Lotus Hellfire], he was shocked yet slightly relieved at the same time, and vaguely felt that this result was the most appropriate one.

Yang Wanqu, who stood behind him deferentially, looked at the [Cloud Top Cauldron] with both surprise and greed.

Ye Qingyu sat cross-legged under the parasol tree, his face pale and his body covered in blood. He started to feel dizzy, as though he was on the verge of losing consciousness. The sense of relief he felt after the battle had caused the power of thunder and lightning to disappear. Without this power holding his body together, his flesh started to come off in pieces, like a broken porcelain doll, a gruesome sight to behold.

The pressure that his body had withstood was excessively huge and had caused irreparable damage, such that he looked like he was about to shatter at any time.

He exerted the nameless breathing technique to recalibrate his body.

The effect was average.

This was mainly because his body contained three kinds of powers - green wind, lightning, and ice flame, and these powers were constantly grappling with one another, thereby repressing his foundation. The healing process was extremely slow, much slower than the rate his body was shattering.

At this rate, his physical body was doomed.

He could not help feeling anxious.

But then, he suddenly experienced a miraculous change.

He felt a strange warmth moving from his arm to the rest of his body like a snake which was wrapped in fire. This warmth extended across his meridians and blood.

This warmth caused him to come back to his senses.

At the same time, his body finally stopped breaking apart.

"This blood... why is it suddenly moving again..."

He immediately understood what had happened.

This warmth was from the rainbow-colored blood the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had given him when she healed his broken arm earlier. He had thought that healing his arm had exhausted all its power, but now, it had re-appeared, encircling his body as it released a faint rainbow-colored halo.

The rainbow power, which had been activated by the Phoenix blood, flowed along his meridians and bloodstream, and instantly gathered toward his limbs, bones, heart, and dantian. Its fiery flames did not cause a burning sensation, but rather, a strange, comfortable warmth.

As this warmth washed over him, an even more surprising change occurred.

The power of wind, thunder and lightning, and [Supreme Ice Flame] contained within him had initially found their equilibrium and had been in a state of fragile balance. However, all of a sudden, they started to move manically, as though they had been reawakened by the rainbow power.

"Pfft! I'm in..."

He coughed out a mouthful of blood which spilled anew from the wounds on his body.

These three powers released green, silver, and purple light and tunneled maniacally through his body as they wrestled with one another. It was as though three powerful martial experts were fighting within him, and they were all after the rainbow power.

He was unable to move, as though he was under a body-binding charm that rendered him completely immobile.

His body, tendons, bones, and major organs had all been destroyed by these three violent powers, which used to be mindful enough not to harm his body but now acted like maniacs that had lost all sense of reason. They frantically tunneled through his body and paid no heed to the destruction they caused. They cut through his body as though it was made of tofu and left a visible trail of destruction everywhere they passed, causing his flesh and bones to shatter.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Continuous sounds of explosions could be heard from within his body.

His body and face seemed to be detonating due to countless bombs. His flesh had been torn to shreds, his blood continuously flowed, and even his bones and tendons had been shattered.

Several breaths later.

He resembled a cloth doll that had been dragged out from a pool of blood. His entire body was riddled with injuries and his breath was shallow.

"What's going on...damn it. These three powers...are they trying to kill me?"

He could not help cursing.

It was just like a series of misfortunes in which everyone started to hit him while he was down. That drop of Phoenix blood was just about to heal his body when these three powers started to go crazy.

He felt his divine sense clearly and could also feel the continuous explosions from his body, shooting blood arrows everywhere, but he could not move an inch. He could only look on helplessly at his own tragic state.

The surrounding area.

The [Red Lotus Hellfire] only grew more ferocious under the control of the Four Stars holy girl. The area surrounding the [Cloud Top Cauldron] had been dyed scarlet, as though the [Red Lotus Hellfire] was about to refine the entire universe, a terrifying sight. Even Yang Wanqu who was watching from a distance, felt as though he was about to melt like a snowman. He had to retreat even further.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] did not waver and continued its slow operation. Yellow mist still flowed downward from it, easily keeping the [Red Lotus Hellfire] at bay.

As time passed, Ye Qingyu started to lose consciousness.

He could no longer differentiate illusion from reality.

The [Red Lotus Hellfire] was like a flame giant who slowly approached the parasol tree, and seemed to be less than one hundred meters away from his point of view.

Midair, he was starting to see blurry doubles of the trio, including the Four Stars holy girl.

He was in a bizarre situation.

He could clearly still feel the changes his body was undergoing.

The powers of wind, ice flame and lightning were still frantically fighting within him.

As they continued to wrestle each other, his injury-riddled body slowly started to turn into a pool of blood. His flesh started to fall off his bones inch by inch and landed on the grass patch beside him. His bones, which were almost completely shattered, started to slowly collapse and turned into fine jadeite power that floated away with the wind.

He thought it odd that even though his body was melting like ice under a hot sun, he did not feel his life seeping away from his body.

Approximately ten minutes later.

His body had turned into a pool of blood that spilled across the surrounding grass.

However, he was not dead.

The others watched with disbelief as a strange phenomenon happened in the pool of blood.

Although Ye Qingyu, who had been sitting under the parasol tree, had turned into a pool of blood, in his place were three mutually-antagonistic powers which formed a near-transparent body that glowed brightly.

These three powers fought even more intensely within that transparent body. The warmth from the rainbow power of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's blood was also tunneling relentlessly through his body.

Simultaneously, a crystal clear human floated within this transparent body where his dantian had been. This was his true-self doppelganger, formed from his yuan qi. It stood steadily on top of the stairs in the middle.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 756:


Chapter 774 - He Had Become an Egg Too


In the distance.

"What was that? Did he commit suicide? Is he dead or not... This..." Yang Wanqu muttered in shock.

The Four Stars holy girl and the Third Prince of the Mizar Race were both surprised, but now, their faces were grim.

Both of them were part of the ancient sects from the Fiendgod Age, and between them, they had the historical knowledge that spanned millions of years. Furthermore, they had lived long lives, so naturally, they had knowledge of all kinds of strange occurrences.

The transparent body in front of them was already looking like a pool of blood, but there were still signs of life. This was obviously not an indication of death.

There was definitely something fishy about this.

Although they were unsure of what had transpired either, this change was enough for them to be on their guard.

While the trio in the Void was still in shock, the parasol tree in the distance started to display a strange phenomenon.

"Swoosh! Swoosh!"

Just as if a gentle breeze had swept past the Void, the parasol tree behind the glowing transparent phantom started to rustle loudly.

The old, wizened tree rustled in the wind. Its branches that were close to withering also swayed gently, giving off a metallic luster.

The buds near the Phoenix nest at the top of its huge umbrella-shaped canopy suddenly started to dance alongside the swaying branches, as if green elves were hiding within the branches.

The next moment.

A bunch of green buds on the branches suddenly fell to the ground.

The leaves swayed gently like a boat making its way across a river, floated past layers of branches, and slowly landed where Ye Qingyu's body was.

The moment these leaves touched the phantom, who sat cross-legged under the tree, it was just as though countless strands of power burst forth from these leaves and surged into the phantom figure, spreading across his entire body. Then, as though this magical power had given the rainbow power a new lease on life, the rainbow power suddenly increased in intensity.

The three powers that had been wrestling within him were swiftly enveloped by the warmth of the rainbow power.

Then, Ye Qingyu's phantom figure transformed into a rubbery state that gave off rainbow-colored flowing light.

Young leaves still continued to float to the ground just as though a gentle breeze had swept past.

The moment these young leaves landed in the pool of blood, they seemed to awaken that pool of blood, which came back to life and started to gather upward. It gained in momentum and swarmed toward that mysterious phantom figure, sealing itself within.

The endless blood and flesh finally formed a flesh eggshell and completely enveloped the figure that shone with rainbow flowing light.

It became a gigantic blood-colored egg.

Ye Qingyu had also transformed into a gigantic blood-colored, oval-shaped egg.

In the Void.

"How... did that happen?"

The Four Stars holy girl was completely dumbstruck.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden could enter a state of nirvana because she was part of the ancient Phoenix Race.

However, how could this kid... how could he also enter a state of nirvana?

Was he related in some way to the Phoenix Race?

The Third Prince of the Mizar Race also stared at this giant egg made out of flesh and blood in astonishment.

The Phoenix could enter nirvana, this was the natural law of the Great Dao.

All the major sects across the myriad domains were aware of that.

As for how a kid with an unknown origin, whose power was not even at the Immortal Step realm, could also enter nirvana, this was a matter worth contemplating.

Behind them, Yang Wanqu was even more dumbfounded.

The [Red Lotus Hellfire] had been burning for close to thirty minutes but was still unable to break past that yellow mist. Were they just going to stand by and watch as the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and this kid achieved nirvana successfully?

"Master, even that kid is now in a state of nirvana. We can't just sit by and watch as they successfully break free from their shells and enter the divine road!" Yang Wanqu said spitefully.

Only after the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's power surged when she awakened from nirvana would she become a troublesome character. If the kid within this blood egg's power were also to increase tremendously, that could complicate matters.

"Let's wait and see," the Four Stars holy girl said with a shake of her head.

After another thirty minutes.

Yang Wanqu could not help saying, "Master, it is about time. We can't just continue wasting time here..."

The Four Stars holy girl suddenly turned to look at Yang Wanqu, her eyes cold and hard with killing intent, "Are you telling me what to do?"

Yang Wanqu's heart dropped as he suddenly realized what he had done. He quickly lowered his head and knelt in the Void, begging, "No, no... Master, please spare me. I will not do that again."

At the same time.

In the heavens.

A golden flowing light streaked across the skies and landed on the Four Stars holy girl's shoulder. It then transformed into a realistic paper crane flecked with gold, giving off a faint golden halo.

This paper crane moved in a life-like manner toward her ear and let out a bugle call as it whispered in her ear.

Soon after, understanding dawned on the Four Stars holy girl's face. She frowned slightly and after a moment's hesitation, she said coldly, "Let's go. Something has happened on the other side."

The Third Prince of the Mizar Race nodded in acknowledgment.

"Master, what... should we do about this?" Yang Wanqu could not help asking, flustered.

He was terrified because he knew that if they did not get rid of Ye Qingyu and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden today, they would be letting the tiger back into the mountain. This kid and this bitch would definitely seek revenge in the future.

Yang Wanqu could not let that happen.

Furthermore, this was their weakest moment. A gentle pinch would be enough to ensure that this beastly couple vanished from the surface of this universe.

The Four Stars holy girls contemplated for a moment, then handed over the snow-white vase to Yang Wanqu and instructed him, "You stay back to keep an eye on the situation here. In six hours, you are to recall the [Red Lotus Hellfire] regardless of the situation in the manner that I have instructed you. Then, return immediately."

Yang Wanqu was elated by her words. He immediately lowered his eyes deferentially and accepted the vase. "Master, don't worry. Please leave this with me."

The Four Stars holy girl did not respond. She turned to look at the Third Prince, Yin Kaishan, and said tenderly, "Let's go."

Then, they both disappeared into the Void with a flash.

The next moment.

Yang Wanqu held the vase in his hand, looking pleased with himself as he stared hard in the direction of the parasol tree. A malicious and savage gleam flashed through his eyes.

Before entering the Door of Life, that kid had just been a nobody with average cultivation. He did not know what stroke of luck had befallen this kid, but in just two short days, this kid was now more powerful than him. This kid had not only humiliated him in front of the Four Stars holy girl, but had also insulted him with his words. Yang Wanqu wanted to hack him into a thousand pieces.

"Hmph, you little bastard. You can go to hell to enter nirvana together with that bitch. Hahaha..." Yang Wanqu followed the technique and activated the jade vase. This caused the [Red Lotus Hellfire] to increase in intensity and it started to spread toward the mountain top.

His face twisted savagely, then he threw his head back to laugh maniacally as he basked in this feeling of revenge.

Time ticked by.

One hour passed in the blink of an eye.

During this time, Yang Wanqu's figure had been enveloped in a Black Demon qi cloud. His eyes were bloodshot and he was brimming with murderous spirit as he frantically activated the vase to fan the [Red Lotus Hellfire].

Just like a blood-colored hurricane, the [Red Lotus Hellfire] continued to spread across the land, burning everything in its path, including the rocks and earth deep within the ground. The ground had become molten magma.

All across the land, only the parasol tree remained unharmed under the protection of the yellow mist released by the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

The light curtain swayed gently, just like a layer of thin mesh. Despite its gentle swaying, it managed to keep the raging hellfire at bay.

It had now been four hours since the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had transformed into a rainbow-colored giant egg.

In theory, she should have already attained nirvana and broken free of her shell, completing the rebirthing process.

However, the rainbow-colored giant egg nestled in the Phoenix nest up above the parasol tree seemed to have entered into a state of mysterious silence. There was no sign of the shell cracking.

Time flew by.

Another five hours passed.

Yang Wanqu had been continuously drawing on his yuan qi to activate the vase, and at this point in time, he was starting to feel the strain of it. A look of fatigue could be seen on his savage face.

Up in the Void in the distance, the bronze cauldron continued to relentlessly absorb primeval energy with mysterious herculean strength. Yellow mist continued to flow out of it and it continued to keep the raging hellfire at bay.

Yang Wanqu looked at the bronze cauldron hatefully, not even bothering to mask his jealousy.

"Divine cauldron, if you're looking for someone to blame, you can only blame that kid. He has brought about your downfall!"

It was almost time for the Door of Life to shut.

There had been no change to the giant blood egg on the ground and the rainbow-colored egg up above the tree.

Two ripples suddenly appeared in the Void.

The Four Stars holy girl and the Third Prince of the Mizar Race emerged from the ripples.

"What's happening..." Surprise flashed across the Four Stars holy girl's eyes.

Both Yin Kaishan and the Four Stars holy girl stared at the parasol tree, which was engulfed in flames, as well as the two giant eggs, which had shown no signs of cracking.

According to their knowledge of ancient texts, it should not take more than six hours for a Phoenix to attain nirvana. Why was there still no change after such a long time?

Yang Wanqu's heart dropped and he quickly reported in detail what had transpired over the past six hours.

"Little Yu, in my opinion, these two are probably lacking in power, which explains the delay in the time to reach nirvana. Their attempt at attaining nirvana will likely fail," said the Third Prince, Yin Kaishan, contemplatively.

"You're probably right, Brother Yin. This ancient parasol tree is no longer as lush as it used to be and is starting to wither. Furthermore, there are limitations to this primeval world and it would not be able to contain an entire divine parasol tree. Therefore, the remaining nirvana divine power it contains would only be able to allow one person to attain nirvana. This young man might have eaten into the Phoenix's luck and power, resulting in a failed attempt for them both," the Four Stars holy girl muttered to herself, as though she had finally made sense of it all. As someone who was both incredibly smart and well-read, her hypothesis was very close to the truth.

"Master, based on the current situation, they might have already perished within those eggs. Even if they finally manage to attain nirvana, they would probably not make it out before the Door of Life closes. Then, they would be trapped to death here in the 18th district," Yang Wanqu said sycophantically.

He was reminding the Four Stars holy girl that they did not have much time left and the journey back would be long, so they needed to get going or they would be trapped here in this terrifying 18th district.

The Four Stars holy girl's gaze was calm and cold as she deliberated over this issue.

Then, she pointed at the Void.

Several silver formations that were almost transparent floated into the hellfire. The jade vase operated and recalled most of the [Red Lotus Hellfire] back into it, leaving only ten percent of the flames to encircle the mountain.

"We can't leave things to luck. We should at least leave this [Red Lotus Hellfire] behind. Even if we can't burn them to death, they will not be able to break past this [Red Lotus Hellfire] after they have awakened from nirvana," the Four Stars holy girl said coldly, as though she was a hell maiden presiding over matters of life and death.

"Let's go."

The silver ripple undulated gently as the trio disappeared into the Void.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

