Chapter 1301:


Chapter 1314 - Dao System

"Wait a minute, what'll happen if I fuse with this body forcibly? Will I instantly die while my Dao disappears? Or..." Ye Qingyu hurriedly asked.

He wanted to know more details.

Ye Chongsheng answered, "I know what you mean. After fusing with this body, your inner demons of preoccupation won't instantly break out. For a short time, you'll obtain power beyond that of the world. Are you seeking to use it as a final trump card to fight during the final moment of life and death when the situation becomes dire?"

Ye Qingyu nodded.

This was indeed his plan. If ever the final moment arrived whereby everything he had prepared could not prevent the descent of the fiendgods from a different space-time, he would fuse with this body forcibly without stinting about the destruction of himself. No matter what, he would use his final power to make one last thrust.

"I hope that such a day never comes," Ye Chongsheng's voice gradually waned.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head gravely.

His gaze fell upon the body before him.

At this moment, it was no longer a simple body or even the supposed greatest collection of power and wisdom of the contemporary age in his eyes. Instead, it was a collection of the world's most brilliant and outstanding talents over the past ten million years, and a symbol of eternal spirit and belief.

Meanwhile, Ye Chongsheng's voice gradually disappeared.

After all, it was only a spiritual projection of Ye Chongsheng, and not his true form, that existed here. It was already a miracle that it continued to remain in this world after his incarnation died thousands of years ago. Back then, it was only for this moment today that his true form left this wisp of spirit behind to address a few doubts of the 108th and final incarnation, Ye Qingyu.

Now that its mission had been completed, it was time to leave.

Spiritual projections were innately a heaven-defying act.

Ye Qingyu wanted to ask a few more questions, but gradually, Ye Chongsheng's voice disappeared completely.

At the same time, the lively aura on the body that was identical in appearance to the Divine Light Emperor gradually dissipated, while the body proceeded to the futon at the center of the hall and sat down quietly.

After it sat cross-legged, all of its glow gradually faded.

That was the glow brought about by the ball of silver flames from Ye Chongsheng's spiritual projection.

This implied that, for ten million years, Ye Chongsheng had completely changed this world single-handedly. He created the Dark Realm and the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, opened up the epoch-shaking material wealth of the Ye clan's palace, and left behind supreme talents who were indescribably rich in spiritual civilization for this world. At this moment, he finally said goodbye to this world for good.

Among the Divine Light Emperor's 107 incarnations, Ye Chongsheng was undoubtedly number one in terms of greatness. Even the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors could not compare to a person like this, while the peerless War God more so received Ye Chongsheng's benevolence.

To a certain degree, the incarnation of Ye Chongsheng was an epoch-making one. If the Divine Light Emperor's reincarnation plan ultimately saved this world, Ye Chongsheng's contributions would clearly be the greatest.

The body of the Divine Light Emperor gradually became quiet.

Sitting cross-legged on the futon and closing its eyes, it became much like a statue once more. Wearing a gentle expression on its face and a cotton gown on its body, it resembled an otherworldly master deep in meditation. Who could possibly imagine that this jade sculpture-like body would be hiding the world's greatest power and wisdom within?

Ye Qingyu bowed deeply toward this body.

He was saluting not only Ye Chongsheng, but also the previous 107 incarnations.

Saluting their successive struggles and contributions toward safeguarding the survival of this world's beings and civilizations at all costs.

The names of a few among them, such as the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, were spread among this world. However, most of them, such as Ye Chongsheng, were already buried in the dust of history. Their contributions were unknown to the beings of this world, save for a few interested parties. This was not just true for the present but also the ensuing ten million years. Nobody remembered and honored them.

However, they probably never thought about these things during their struggles either. Given how arrogant and disdainful of worldly mortals they were, the memories of and recognition from later generations were not important to them. Instead, what was important to them was the fact that they had held up this world and struggled for the Dao in their hearts before.

After he was done saluting, Ye Qingyu thought for a moment and then fitted the body into his barren dantian world, placing it below the World Tree like he did for the divine parasol tree that had only a trace of vitality left.

He did not intend to fuse with this body treasure for the time being.

As tempting as the power within it was, fusing with it was dangerous. Besides, he felt that he needed to weigh the pros and cons first.

After doing all this, he carefully examined the strange three-room house once more. Realizing that there was nothing else special about it, he knew it was time to leave.

He had already obtained the greatest treasure and secret in the labyrinth.

According to the agreement between Ye Chongsheng and the Black Demon Race, the labyrinth would belong to the Black Demon Race henceforth.

Thanks to his amazing powers of memory, Ye Qingyu could clearly remember the path he came from, and so he had no worries about getting lost in the labyrinth.

Along the way out, he tried to take a look at the buildings at the end of several branches in the labyrinth, and realized that there were a few palaces that looked like armories of some sort.

This labyrinth did not have only one path, but had a main path connected to several small paths instead. There would be different rewards from entering different branches. To an imperial race like the Black Demon Race, everything stored in the labyrinth could absolutely be considered a tremendous fortune that was sufficient to be digested and unearthed by the talents of several generations.

These are probably things specially left behind by Ye Chongsheng for the Black Demon Race as repayment.

After all, the Fallen God Abyss in the 17th district and the setup in the 18th district have both received the support of the Black Demon Race.

Ye Qingyu did not walk fast.

Thirty minutes later, he walked out of the labyrinth.

The entire process had taken only several hours.

When he emerged, the contemporary Black Demon Emperor and a few members of the royalty were still waiting at the entrance of the labyrinth. The Emperor was somewhat shocked when he saw Ye Qingyu, for he clearly did not think that the latter would walk out so soon.

"I've resolved my matter."

Smiling, Ye Qingyu pointed at the giant stone key that remained inlaid on the doors of the labyrinth. "This key shall be returned to the Black Demon Race from now onwards."

The Black Demon Emperor became excited at once.

As the contemporary ruler of the Black Demon Race, he knew the value of this labyrinth more than anyone else. The Emperor of each generation had successively passed word down claiming that the labyrinth contained treasure troves that would turn imperial races red-eyed and insane. Obtaining the key would mean that this labyrinth would finally be opened to the Black Demon Race after all these years, and they could obtain the treasures within at last.

"Thank you so much, Great Emperor Ye Qingyu." The Black Demon Emperor saluted.

Ye Qingyu smiled and acknowledged, "You're welcome." With that, he looked at the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race, asking, "Are you still in touch with the Phoenix Race?"

The latter nodded without any hesitation.

Ye Qingyu thought for a while before continuing, "I'm thinking about visiting the Phoenix Race in a month's time. Are you willing to accompany me, Princess?"

"Alrighty." The princess became delighted. However, recalling the fate of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, her expression became somewhat emotional. As time passed, she had become much more mature than before, and was no longer obstinate and capricious.

"Great."

Ye Qingyu nodded.

The next moment, he disappeared on the spot.

Everyone of the Black Demon Race bowed to send him off.

Although they were an imperial race with deep foundations, they dared not be any neglectful toward a contemporary Martial Emperor.

Subsequently, the Black Demon Emperor eagerly arrived before the doors of the labyrinth. After some refinement, he gained a complete grasp of the stone key, which he could depend on to find every life gate within the labyrinth. After seeing the many palaces that stored fortunes, cultivation techniques, and Emperor weapons, he fully realized the true value of the labyrinth.

"Simply unbelievable. The fortunes in the labyrinth are enough for us to nurture several true contemporary Martial Emperors. These are absolutely epoch-shaking fortunes and treasures. Were they given to us by our earliest ancestors and Legend Ye Chongshen? They're even more amazing than I'd thought."

Exclaiming non-stop, the Black Demon Emperor was greatly excited.

After walking out of the labyrinth, he issued a successive set of orders. The matter on this day must absolutely not be spread. Now that the golden age of great prosperity had arrived, many expanses of wilderness emerged, many families became prosperous, and many imperial races glowed anew, making it an age of great competition as well. News of such supreme treasures would be better off not being spread, or the Black Demon Race might just become a common target of everyone else.

When he returned to the palace in Black Demon City, many senior leaders among the race came forth to report immediately.

"Your Highness, good news, good news have arrived..." A general from the military looked joyful as he reported. "The frontlines have sent word saying that several rebel groups have surrendered to us. At the same time, several external forces which have been fomenting trouble in the Black Demon Abyss recently have retreated without trace."

These days, there had been endless troubles in the Black Demon Abyss, and the status of the Black Demon Race had been shaken. In particular, a few hidden Quasi-emperor families had even tried to replace the Black Demon Race and seize this giant city. Following the spread of news that the Immortal God Emperor, Ye Qingyu, had arrived in the Black Demon Abyss and was on good terms with the Black Demon Race, all of the haze vanished in a flash.

The laughter of the Black Demon Emperor rang out in the palace.

Meanwhile, Ye Qingyu returned to the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

News was that the youths that had disappeared earlier, including Bai Yuanxing, had been sent back to the Vast Thousand Domains from the Unmoving City of Darkness. The empire had deployed a contingent to Heaven Connect City to receive them, and they could return to the Snow capital in a day's time.

This was fantastic news to the families of these youths.

As for Ye Qingyu, he needed to use this rare and short period of time to clean up and reorganize his own courtyard. By now, he had accepted a considerable number of disciples, and so he ought to rank them properly and pass his Dao system down.

At the same time, he decided on an important matter.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1302:


Chapter 1315 Immortal Dojo

Ye Qingyu decided to set up his own school of Dao.

His fearsome reputation as the current Martial Emperor awed the entire Vast Thousand Domains. The Martial Emperor was the supreme being in the eyes of every living creature in those worlds, and countless numbers of people dreamed of receiving advice from one of them. Ye Qingyu's creation of a sect was an extremely big piece of news, especially when one considered that a Martial Emperor had not appeared in this world for tens of thousands of years.

Ye Qingyu stayed temporarily in the Light City after returning to Snow Capital.

His intention to move his headquarters away spread across the entire Vast Thousand Domains under the official publicity campaign of the Heaven Wasteland Empire. It immediately caused an explosive reaction throughout the domains. In fact, the empire did not have to publicize it much for the living beings in the Vast Thousand Domains to begin spreading the news like crazy.

The creation of a new sect by a Martial Emperor was a rare and great event.

Furthermore, the mantra that Ye Qingyu gave for his new sect was short and simple, but it moved everyone—

"Education for everyone regardless of background and in accordance with the student's ability."

Those first six words especially caused many beings who were not human but wanted to pick up martial arts to be incredibly excited.

When they heard the news that the Immortal God Emperor was about to create a new sect to spread his own Dao, they were initially still worried that he would only select human talents to be his disciples. After all, Ye Qingyu was a human himself, and most of his feats and battles were accomplished and fought for his kind, and he was known to be extremely cold toward the other races.

In many previous eras, the appearance of a Martial Emperor was extremely fortuitous for his own people, while it was the dawn of a dark period for the other races. No one expected that the Immortal God Emperor would open enrolment into his new sect to people of all races or domains; anyone could enter the martial arts world under his guidance as long as they were strong-willed enough.

Many creatures and races immediately sensed that their chance had come.

Evidently, the Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu possessed a heart and pattern that had rarely been seen in millennia.

The news continued to ferment and spread. Countless numbers of people swarmed to the Heaven Wasteland Domain in the hopes that they could get a headstart on being accepted into the Immortal God Emperor's new sect before it was officially set up.

Suddenly, the Heaven Wasteland Domain looked to be prospering, something that had never been seen before.

The influence of a current Martial Emperor was incredibly terrifying.

Many people were guessing what the new school of Dao created by the Immortal God Emperor would be called and where it would be set up, along with other things, such as what the basic entrance requirements were, or what sort of entrance tests there would be. All sorts of rumors began spreading, and all living beings that dreamed of becoming among the Immortal God Emperor's first batch of students kept on the lookout for more information while making specific preparations...

The entire Vast Thousand Domains had reached a fever pitch.

During this period of time, Ye Qingyu actually was not thinking about so many things.

First, he allocated a day's time to personally welcome more than two hundred young geniuses of the Heaven Wasteland Domain led by Bai Yuanxing.

Their parents and family also got to enter the Light City for a chance to catch a glimpse of the Immortal God Emperor's glory. In this way, family members wept with joy as they reunited. There was a dream-like aura to the scene that filled everyone with emotion and joy.

Ye Qingyu stood at the entrance to the Light Palace, grinning.

Even though these young men and women, who were originally thought to have been lost and dead forever, were not old, they had undergone training in the Immortal God Emperor Sect, Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, and Chaos District and Mess, and their abilities had increased exponentially. Currently, they were top-level talents that could hold their own.

These youthful talents, who numbered more than two hundred, held an extremely important position in Ye Qingyu's plans.

They would become the most central and trustworthy force in the Immortal Dojo.

How far the Immortal Dojo could progress in the future would largely be decided by the abilities of these teenagers. Ye Qingyu was full of confidence in them.

Originally, Hon Kong wanted to allocate a few of them to aid in rebuilding White Deer Academy, but he could only reluctantly give the idea up when he got wind of Ye Qingyu's plans. He knew that the Immortal Dojo that Ye Qingyu wanted to set up was much more important to the world than White Deer Academy.

After their families left the Light City, Ye Qingyu described his own plan to the youths who remained behind. He was willing to give them the right to choose and not force them to do things according to his will. However, the teenagers had long been filled with admiration and respect for Ye Qingyu and thus did not hesitate to join the Immortal Dojo.

The first phase of Ye Qingyu's plan could be considered complete.

The next thing that needed to be done was to select the location of Immortal Dojo.

Many guessed that the base for Ye Qingyu's new sect would be in the Heaven Wasteland Domain. After all, he was a Martial Emperor that had emerged from that domain. He had once fought for it with his life, and the Heaven Wasteland Domain could be considered a new realm with vast borders and rich resources. Furthermore, with the Heaven Wasteland Empire as his natural "close ally", it was incredibly suitable to be his staging ground.

But in reality, Ye Qingyu himself did not feel like that.

If possible, he wanted the dojo he created to dominate an entire domain on its own.

There was already an empire within the Heaven Wasteland Domain, which was once the peerless War God's lifetime work and was also painstakingly rebuilt by Ye Qingyu. He did not want the Heaven Wasteland Empire to become a vassal of the Immortal Dojo. If he set up the dojo in the Heaven Wasteland Domain, there would definitely be conflicts between the empire and itself once it grew.

However, even though there were many domains in the Vast Thousand Domains, it was nearly impossible to find any that had not been ruled by any faction.

After thinking it over many times, eventually Ye Qingyu's mindful gaze fell on a domain that was nearly decimated.

The Ancient Sky Dragon Domain.

This desolated domain, which was believed to have less than one hundred years of life left, did not have any natives left in it. All of them had left the domain years ago under the assistance of the Heaven Wasteland Empire and emigrated to the Heaven Wasteland Domain. The Ancient Sky Dragon Domain was now a barren, isolated wasteland fraught with danger that had become the training ground for troops of the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Ye Qingyu made up his mind.

He decided to scout the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain again.

Human effort can overcome the will of the Heavens, and perhaps I can try to experiment to turn the fate of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, or perhaps slow its demise...
Ye Qingyu thought. He felt that it could become a form of training to him.

At his current level of cultivation, purely using qi to absorb spiritual energy from nature was completely useless when it came to increasing his powers. Instead, he would have to rely on enlightenment. Each time he understood another law of the universe, such as that of time, space, life, death, and yin and yang, he would be able to advance to another realm.

His impending trial in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain was undoubtedly a chance for Ye Qingyu to comprehend the meaning of life and death, as well as that of yin and yang.

One day later, Ye Qingyu entered the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain with Tian Ning and her son.

The trio first arrived where the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect used to stand. During that fateful battle, Ye Qingyu had destroyed much of the sect's architecture before eventually managing to subdue Little Ten. Memories flooded into his mind again as he arrived back in the same spot. Tian Ning and her son paid their respects to the forefathers of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect before she did the same for her husband while weeping

Afterward, Ye Qingyu roamed everywhere around the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain.

Within a day, he had traversed the entire domain.

As the lifespan of the domain drew to a close, the borders of this previously huge domain had shrunk considerably. There were sandstorms all around, and the earth was yellowed and barren. Vegetation and living organisms that had previously inhabited the domain had died off, leaving only a few extremely hardy beings alive, which were low-level life forms and mostly vegetation that did not possess intelligence.

It was not an exaggeration to label it as a domain reeking of death.

For a martial arts practitioner, a tougher environment can help train them even more. Even a warrior at the Body Refinement realm would be able to survive in this domain with water and food from the Heaven Wasteland Domain...

Ye Qingyu thought as he walked and surveyed the land.

However, it was also very clear to him that the biggest obstacle to setting up the Immortal Dojo in this desolate domain was that the flow of nature's spiritual qi here had nearly dried up. Without it, warriors below the Saint realm would face difficulties increasing their level of cultivation.

It was also the biggest reason why many sects and factions since the beginning of time have always wanted to set up their headquarters in paradises and spiritual lands instead of barren places.

As he traversed the entire Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, Ye Qingyu was always thinking.

He could feel the aura of death pervading each corner of this domain.

He had to solve the problem of how to survive in this land of death.

Ye Qingyu returned to the Heaven Wasteland Domain when he had concluded that day's scouting session.

After one month, a few pieces of news that countless beings have been waiting eagerly for a long time began to spread in the Vast Thousand Domains.

The name of the Immortal God Emperor's school of Dao was not going to be the Immortal Empire or the Immortal Sect. Instead, it would be known as the Immortal Dojo.

The name sounded like a logical choice.

However, the location chosen for the dojo shocked many people.

The Ancient Sky Dragon Domain!

How could the Immortal Dojo's base be set up in this domain, which is about to be destroyed? What's going on?
Even those few people who had not been to the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain had heard about it; it had quite a huge reputation in the Vast Thousand Domains of being a domain that was the only one in recent times about to be destroyed. Nearly everyone was certain that its doom was near, but now, the Immortal Dojo was about to be set up there?

At first, many people suspected that there was something wrong with the news.

As time passed, however, everything was proved to be accurate when Ye Qingyu himself sent out his message.

"Those who are willing to join the Immortal Dojo should hurry to the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain immediately. Anyone can become a disciple of the dojo, regardless of race, age, aptitude, or level of cultivation, as long as he or she passes the simple entrance examination and has the resolution to embark on the path of martial arts. The Great Dao is vast, and there will be education offered to everyone, regardless of background. Anyone who is sincere enough can even become an Emperor."

Ye Qingyu said this personally, spreading his Dao voice across the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Countless figures rushed toward the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain as if they were insane.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1303:


Chapter 1316 The Chase

The Ancient Sky Dragon Domain was barren and isolated.

Dilapidated villages were submerged in yellow sand, while the barren desert had swallowed the wasteland that used to be the city.

Thousands of kilometers of yellow sand and desert covered the domain, while hurricanes raged. Decaying white bones could be seen everywhere. One took in dirt with every breath, while the temperature changed suddenly. Sometimes, it was scorching hot, while sometimes, it was as cold as an ice cave.

The first batch of living beings that stepped foot on the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain was stunned by such bad conditions.

This was a small team of about one thousand people consisting of human warriors from various big domains. They were not acquainted with each other and were teamed up temporarily. They were made up of humans of different races, and they entered the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain through the Domain Gate provided by the Heaven Wasteland Empire.

However, reality was evidently much more cruel than they previously imagined.

It took just half a day's time for a few of them to complain that it was unbearable.

"This... this is completely like hell; it's not a place for living beings to survive in."

A short, fat, middle-aged man, who looked more like a merchant, observed the rows of white bones along the path with a shocked expression. Fear was in his eyes as he turned to look at the gloomy, scarlet sky. He had heard about the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain's decline but it shocked him greatly upon seeing it for himself.

A few warriors that had been following by his side also displayed doubtful looks.

Could one really train in martial arts in this world's environment?

They were unable to sense any shred of nature's spiritual qi at all.

Since entering this world, they had been unable to absorb any qi from nature. Instead, they could only rely on the fountain of yuan qi in their bodies to supply them with qi. With time, their reserves of yuan qi would be depleted as they were expended without any replenishment.

This was obviously a dimension completely unconducive for cultivation.

Why did the Immortal God Emperor choose to set up his dojo here?

Rumble!

A huge sound, like that of thunder rumbling, came from in front of them.

They could see numerous tornados and hurricanes, each about a hundred meters in diameter, sweeping toward them, as if they were connected to the sky and ground. The wind gave off terrifying whistling sounds, as if they were vicious demons snaking from Heaven to Earth.

Boom!

Stones fell down from the mountains.

A few kilometers away, a few tornados were gently circling around a mountain peak that was thousands of meters tall and could be seen with the naked eye, as if they were pythons entangled around sand sculptures. The peak exploded into a shower of loose rocks and grit as it began to collapse...

Heavens.

The legs of the humans turned to jelly as they witnessed the spectacle.

This was simply too terrifying.

Luckily, the tornados swept far away into the distance, away from them. If they had been caught up in such windstorms, they would have been mashed into a pulp.

They continued to advance.

They encountered fossils of gigantic beasts and shards of white bones on their way.

The desert had taken many lives.

Night fell.

The cold invaded everyone's nervous system.

The insane heat died away, as fear began to grip the hearts of the team.

"I heard that the Great Emperor's Immortal Dojo is created in the Sky Dragon Mountain Range, situated at the exact center of the Sky Dragon Domain. It's at least a million kilometers away from here. We... Can we manage to survive the walk there?" a middle-aged warrior asked as he sat beside the bonfire, a look of hesitation already on his face.

The others had also begun to ponder.

Under normal circumstances, they could definitely complete the million-kilometer journey, even though it would take them a few months. After all, they were warriors, and much stronger than ordinary humans.

In an environment like the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, however, warriors would be no different from ordinary people after some time if they could not replenish their yuan qi. They were afraid that they would die from thirst, hunger, or exhaustion before they even reached their destination.

Originally, there were about a few thousand human warriors who entered the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. They were considered to possess slightly weaker abilities and had agreed to accompany each other. They were paired up, and only slightly more than five hundred of them were left before the end of the day; the others had already given up.

"We can cultivate our martial skills even if we remain in the Heaven Wasteland Domain. It's in its prime now and has an abundance of spiritual qi. We can enter the Bitter Sea realm after a century of hard training. When that time comes, we'll be able to enjoy life, so why take such a risk now?" someone said loudly.

It was a disciple of some sect dressed in brightly colored clothes.

His white skin was covered with dirt and he looked to be in a somewhat sorry state. It was obvious that he had never suffered much and had wanted to give up long ago but could not bring himself to do it. He was trying to convince others to give up along with him, so that he could have a reason to do so himself.

"That's right, we could possibly die halfway there. The conditions here are far too horrible," said another youth loudly, dressed in similar bright and luxurious looking clothes.

Humans are frequently strange creatures.

They had already given up thousands of times secretly, but they felt displeased when they saw the others hanging on. They wanted to destroy the willpower of those who persisted; to them, it would be perfect if everyone failed.

Their words earned the reaction of some people in the crowd.

"That's right. Even though the Martial Emperor's techniques are great, we need to be alive to learn them. If we're dead, everything will be finished."

"I heard that there are all sorts of evil beasts deep in the great desert, and that even practitioners of the Saint realm can't withstand them."

"This is too scary."

"Even if we reach the Sky Dragon Mountain Range, we might not be accepted into the Immortal God Emperor's sect. I'm afraid that our aptitudes will not be noticed by him."

"The worst thing is that our food and water are going to run out soon. I'm afraid that if we keep advancing we'll die of thirst or starvation before we even reach the empire's rendezvous outpost."

Many people who were also on the verge of giving up spoke out.

They spoke like this to give themselves a final reason to give up.

A group of them stopped.

An aura of surrender began to spread throughout the group.

"That's right, we're done. We quit, we're done... This is putting our lives in danger."

"I'm also not heading there anymore, most likely I won't be fated anyway."

Such talk began spreading like the plague. Many people began to clearly signal their intention to give up and announced their decision loudly. In this way, not many people out of the team of about five hundred continued to persist on the journey. A few who had originally intended to persevere were also affected when they saw this scene unfolding. They hesitated for a while before deciding to give up as well. There was not much meaning to their persistence if most of the others had decided to give up; there was no way they could walk across the desert on their own.

Only a barbarian youth, who was less than ten years old, remained silent.

His looks were not astounding; in fact, they were very ordinary. He had the usual burly, hairy figure and high forehead usually associated with barbarians. He wore a tattered hide robe, and torn leather boots covered his feet. Evidently, he was from a lower class of the barbarians, and he was only at the Body Refinement realm in terms of cultivation. As such, no one noticed him in the camp.

However, there was a steely resolve in the eyes of this ordinary barbarian youth.

He wore a look of disdain on his face when he looked at everyone around him.

Hmph!

Bunch of cowards.

To him, the Immortal God Emperor was the supreme being, and if his teachings and mentorship were so easily attainable, there would be Martial Emperors everywhere in this world. One had to make some sacrifices in order to obtain something; one had to be tested before achieving one's goals.

There was no such thing as a free lunch in this world.

The more valuable the item of desire was, the higher the price one had to pay.

Only truly outstanding and resolute warriors were fit to become the Immortal God Emperor's disciples.

The people standing right in front of him were simply foolish and a joke to him.

It should have been an honor for them to be the clansmen of the Immortal God Emperor. They should have treasured the fact that they would be the first batch recognized by the Emperor as his disciples, but unfortunately, they did not have any willpower. Such people were bound to fail all their lives, and they would definitely be unable to achieve much.

The barbarians have long lost their honor, and the Witch God's Temple has been broken. I want to change the fate of our people and help us regain our honor, whatever the cost. I don't even care if I have to give up my life
.

A wild and blazing flame flickered in the eyes of the barbarian youth.

"Hmph, what a useless bunch of people. I'm ashamed to be in the same team as you people," he said with a loud laugh before getting up and striding out of the camp.

The camp, which had been filled with loud sounds of discussion, suddenly turned completely silent.

Many people began to look ashamed.

The two sect members who were dressed in luxurious clothes and had spoken up first turned angry after their initial guilt.

The words of the barbarian youth hit them like a hard slap that stung their faces; it made them lose face.

"Hmph, he's just a useless practitioner of the Body Refinement realm. If he wants to court his own death, leave him be. He'll eventually be fated to end up as just another dried up corpse in this desert of death; he'll not last more than a few days."

"Hehe, that's right. That barbarian is just a mindless brute. He won't be able to reach the Sky Dragon Mountain Range. Even if he's so lucky to reach it, what then? The barbarians betrayed the Heaven Wasteland Empire once, how could the Immortal God Emperor take him in?"

...

...

"Haha, what makes you think that you can become a disciple of the Immortal God Emperor?"

Under the damaged castle walls of an ancient city in a district about a few thousand kilometers from the Sky Dragon Mountain Range, a few hundred Tianshui Court disciples, who had come from the Water Moon Domain, were grabbing some rest while they could. There was a commotion within the camp. Someone suddenly began laughing loudly and was taunting another person openly.

The object of ridicule was an elderly, skinny human, whose hair had turned white.

Natural spiritual qi was extremely sparse in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. As such, many magical flying artifacts and warships could not be used here. Even those visitors who had serious backup behind them could only ride war beasts or flying creatures, and some of them even traveled by foot. The wizened old man was a native of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain and had been rearing war beasts for some time now. He was somewhat capable.

He had immigrated to the Heaven Wasteland Domain a few years ago. He had been hired by these sect members as their guide because of his familiarity with the geography and terrain of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. It was for this reason that he had arrived back in this domain, even though he did not have much skill in martial arts.

As the group got closer to the Sky Dragon Mountain Range, the Tianshui Court disciples could not help beginning to dream of the impending entrance examination and their bright future. No one knew when the old man, who was usually taciturn and fearful, began to harbor such an insane thought, but somehow, he plucked up the courage to make a request to the elders of the sect after listening to the discussions going around him. He hoped to become a disciple of the Immortal God Emperor after leading the group to the Sky Dragon Mountain Range.

This incited the others to ridicule him.

"You? Old fellow, are you joking?"

"Haha, I won't hold back then. Your life force is about to be spent, and you have five years left at most. You already have one foot in the grave and don't have much longer to live. Also, you don't have any foundation in martial arts, yet you still want to be accepted in the Immortal Dojo? Haha, are you joking?"

"You're about to be dead soon, yet you wish to pick up martial arts now? You're such a joke."

"The Immortal God Emperor will never take you in."

A few other Tianshui Court disciples also began to ridicule him loudly.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1304:


Chapter 1317 Secret of the Stone Bridge

The old man lowered his head. He wore an expression of fear on his face but did not speak.

In reality, he did not harbor such a thought before, and he had not even dared to dream about joining the Immortal Dojo. But somehow, after hearing the Tianshui Court disciples loudly discussing their dreams, an insuppressible thought emerged in his mind. It was as though a blade of grass had grown in his mind, and it blew like the wind as his thoughts swirled around, making him incredibly motivated.

He knew that he didn’t have many more years left to live.

If he wanted to begin training now with his failing body, without having any prior martial arts training and having already passed the prime age for beginning his martial arts career, his path would be thousands of times harder than others. It was no longer a question of talent.

However, since he could reach the Sky Dragon Mountain Range, why could he not give it a shot?

The Immortal God Emperor had said that his sect was open to anyone regardless of their background. As long as they passed a few simple entrance tests, they could join the Immortal Dojo. If that was truly the case, why could an elderly man like him not try to join?

There was a saying that went, "It would be meaningful to die at dusk if one could feel the real Dao at dawn."

No matter what level of cultivation one reached, even if one did not manage to pass the entrance tests, one would have no regrets in life after trying, wasn't that so?

Gradually, he stopped hearing the taunts.

The old man did not rebut the Tianshui Court disciples. Instead, he lowered his head and clenched his fists.

Since he did not have long to live, he decided that he might as well put his life on the line for this chance.

...

On the outskirts of the Sky Dragon Mountain Range—

More figures began gathering.

As time passed, living beings of different races, domains, and factions gathered in the dying mountain range of this declining domain. The old staging ground of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect had become the core district of the Immortal Dojo. All beings who had come for the test had arrived here.

The Ancient Sky Dragon Domain had not been so full of commotion in the past few millennia.

Upon walking into the Sky Dragon Mountain Range, one could see the first batch of Immortal Dojo recruits.

Now, as news of the Immortal Dojo began to spread to most parts of the Vast Thousand Domains, the Immortal God Emperor had already recruited many disciples. They were ranked according to seniority. The first disciple was Bai Yuanxing, followed by Li Ying, Li Qi, Jin Ling'er, and Tian Ning. The sixth was known as Mo Weinan, but he was stationed in the Dark Realm instead of the Vast Thousand Domains.

Aside from the six great disciples, two hhundred young boys and girls who had been selected earlier in the Heaven Wasteland Empire had become the Immortal God Emperor's recognized disciples. They were considered the first batch of Immortal Dojo students, and those who passed selection later on would have to call them seniors if they met.

Camps and tents could be seen everywhere within the Sky Dragon Mountain Range.

Some factions with huge backers had chosen spots with geographical advantages over the others. They instantly set up huge formations of halls and activated their magical artifacts, transforming them into camps. They looked exquisite from the outside, as if mansions had just been built into the valley. However, the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain lacked spiritual qi after all, and most beings, races, and factions could only afford to erect tents to keep the wind and sand at bay. Of course, there were a few pitiful and sorry looking souls who chose the mountain caves as their temporary staging grounds. Some of them even chose to sit cross-legged outdoors while awaiting for the selection to begin.

Bai Yuanxing, the Immortal God Emperor's chief disciple, was personally guarding the mountainous passage to the main peak of the Sky Dragon Mountain, along with one hundred other recognized disciples of the Emperor. They issued official tokens at different time intervals, and only those who received the tokens could walk up the mountain to begin their tests. The others could only wait at the foot of the mountain for their turn.

This was done to maintain order.

As such, many living beings gathered below the main peak of the Sky Dragon Mountain as they waited.

All sorts of news began to spread within the various factions and warriors.

"Have you heard? A few human geniuses from Storm City have already passed the Immortal Dojo's test and been officially accepted..."

"Not only that, but dozens of tribal members from the Demon Spider Race of the Clear River Domain have also passed the selection with luck..."

"By now, I'm afraid thousands have already been accepted..."

"Really? That many?"

"How many people does the Immortal Dojo plan to recruit?"

"I'm not too sure; there doesn't seem to be any information on a limit to the number of disciples the dojo is accepting, and it seems that anyone who manages to pass the selection can join it."

"What does the selection entail exactly? Has anyone seen it?"

"I've seen it. The test takes place on the one hundred and eight smaller bridges on a huge one acting as a gorge. Those who have come for the entrance tests, regardless of background, can become an Immortal Dojo disciple as long as they cross any bridge without wobbling."

"Just walk across any bridge, it's that simple?"

"It sounds very simple, but in reality, it's very strange. Yesterday, I saw a self-proclaimed 'once in a millennia' martial arts genius of the Heaven Domain fail the test after taking less than three steps on a stone bridge. He failed repeatedly and eventually was declared to have not passed. One of his attendants, however, who behaved like an intermediary, managed to walk across the entire length of the bridge he was on..."

"Is this even possible?"

"It's really very strange. It's been said that some people have gone to the test location and recorded their detailed observations. They concluded that the test results can't be judged based on talent and experience alone. Plenty of reputable young prodigies have failed the selection unexpectedly, while others who would be treated as trash by any sect, managed to successfully cross their bridge..."

As the discussions continued, the contents and method of selection gradually became clear.

There were people who passed and failed the selection at any time.

Those who passed were sent to the opposite side of Heaven's Wrath Gorge, while those who failed were sent down Sky Dragon Peak and lost the right to join the Immortal Dojo, even though many people could not understand why, especially the prodigies that had come from everywhere and were extremely confident in being selected, who were incredibly enraged and perturbed. Some people also boldly speculated and hoped that the dojo could give a reasonable explanation or at least specify what the target areas of the test were. They received no reply, however. A prodigy who had come from the Heaven Domain went temporarily insane after feeling ashamed from his failure and created a scene at the north face of Heaven's Wrath Gorge, only to be taken down in one blow by an Immortal Dojo disciple who looked to be only thirteen years of age...

It was only then that everyone realized the first batch of disciples recognized by the Immortal God Emperor possessed terrifying power, even though they were extremely young. Any one of them could crush the prodigies from the other domains, and it was truly scary that none of them had managed to discover how strong these youths were.

After some thought, however, they realized that it was logical. After all, they were officially recognized as disciples of the current Martial Emperor.

Time ticked by.

More beings accepted the challenge of the test.

The one hundred and eight stone bridges looked like they were the Bridges of Fate, as they hung high above Heaven's Wrath Gorge, connecting its far end to the north face. Each bridge was shaped differently, and mysterious formations circled above them. Even at the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, an area which severely lacked spiritual qi, these formations contained a power that even Quasi-emperors would find hard to break.

They also looked like expressionless and eternally silent chief examiners. They did not give out any questions, but instead, they continually made selections and judgments based on their whims, causing some people to feel incredibly happy, while also bringing disappointment to others.

Those that crossed the stone bridge vanished excitedly in the opposite end, which was concealed by a sandstorm. They did not know what awaited them, except that a bright future was within their grasp now.

Those that failed could only leave.

Aside from a few children who lost all rationale after being unable to accept their failure due to their immaturity, no one dared to cause any trouble within the dojo of the current Martial Emperor.

Ten days passed in the blink of an eye.

"Eh? That old fellow managed to cross a stone bridge?" a Tianshui Court disciple opened his eyes wide as he pointed at a stone bridge in front of him, his tone full of disbelief.

A few other fellow Tianshui Court disciples beside him also opened their eyes wide.

They could not believe what they had just seen. The elderly man that they had taunted a few days ago, who they believed did not have many more years to live and already had one foot in the grave, walked unsteadily up a stone bridge, as if any breeze could blow him down into the gorge. Against all odds, however, he walked to the other end, step by step.

The Tianshui Court disciples looked at each other in surprise.

How could this happen?

A useless, aging man can pass selection?

One had to know that this batch of Tianshui Court disciples was composed of their elite. However, only their eldest senior brother had managed to pass the selection.
This... What sort of ability is the selection to enter the Immortal Dojo meant to test?

Until now, no one knew what the official standard of the Immortal Dojo was.

No one could uncover the secret hidden within the stone bridges.

It was completely undecipherable.

During the entire selection process, a few sect leaders from major domains even arrived to take part in the test. They had evidently given up their original identity and status. What was even more odd was that a few of the sect leaders or elders of these larger sects passed the test of the stone bridges and were accepted into the Immortal Dojo.

Such things rarely happened in the past.

It was rare from someone who already belonged to a sect to join another. Even if there were, those who succeeded in their plan were few and far between.

Time continued to pass. In the blink of an eye, half a year had passed.

During the past six months, the Immortal Dojo never stopped recruiting.

The one hundred and eight stone bridges continued to function every day.

It was impossible to count how many batches of creatures had rotated through the Sky Dragon Mountain Range. As usual, there were some of them who took part in the selection every day. Currently, at least tens of thousands of beings had already passed and were accepted into the Immortal Dojo. However, what it really looked like within was still a puzzle to the outsiders.

Of course, as the number of people who took part increased, the number of failures also increased.

Still, no one managed to uncover the secret of the stone bridges.

No one could tell how they determined if the participants had met the requirements of the Immortal Dojo.

On this day, a barbarian youth who was caked in blood hobbled up to a stone bridge.

He had lost an eye, and one of his legs had been crippled. He was in an extremely sorry state, and his breathing was shallow. He seemed to be only at the Body Refinement realm, and he let out a long shout as he stood before the bridge...

"After seven whole months, I, Debiao Manchui, have finally arrived here."

The barbarian youth was full of emotion as he looked at the stone bridge.

He had nearly worn out the soles of his feet after walking barefoot for a few million kilometers. He had survived countless potentially fatal disasters, all for a chance to take the entrance test.

Even though he was resolute in nature, now he felt a little nervous.

"Young fellow, are you going across the bridge or not? There are people waiting behind you. If you don't dare to take the test, get lost..." someone roared far away behind him, impatiently egging him on.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

