Chapter 1269:


Chapter 1283 - Four Symbols

The golden phantom figure was evidently cautious of this martial expert whom he addressed as Ding Hao.

The golden phantom figure had unleashed his astounding power when he had emerged and even surpassed that of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor. Therefore, one could easily imagine how terrifying the expert he was wary of could be. Ding Hao was definitely as powerful as the king of sovereigns.

"I'm sure you know the outcome if we were to fight," Ding Hao, the black-robed figure, said calmly. "I know what you're after but I'm afraid that you can't use this method to get what you want. Please go back to where you came from or I will use my sword and saber to turn your million-year cultivation into water," he continued. He spoke calmly but there was a commanding tone in his voice, even more powerful than an imposing order.

"You..." the golden phantom figure was enraged but he quickly gave a cold smile.

"You're not the only person in the Eternity realm, so do you really think that you're invincible? You won't be able to turn the tide around single-handedly, not when you're up against the entire camp," the golden phantom figure said. There was a mix of wariness, contempt and disdain in his voice as he continued, "The battle today was decided by the camp. You have been testing our patience time and time again, but this is as far as you're able to go. I'm warning you, don't make this mistake."

"Oh, really?" the sword and saber on Ding Hao's back clinked loudly and a phantom figure of a fat white cat appeared on his shoulder. The aura from this fat white cat was incredibly frightening.

The golden phantom figure shivered in fear and did not dare to say anything else.

"Yes," another mysterious voice that was full of resentment, pain, jealousy, vengefulness, bloodthirst, violence, and other negative emotions rang out.

Another ray of splendor flickered in the gate of blood.

This time, the creature who emerged did not appear in its actual form but was instead a projection.

The projection appeared in the void like Ding Hao and the golden phantom figure. It was several hundred meters tall, with blood-colored bones and skin, plus two horns on its head. Its body looked like a long lizard with a huge tail and exuded a violent and bloodthirsty aura, as though it were a monster that had crawled out from a pile of corpses or a sea of blood. This was likely its true form and it was also a king of sovereigns, whose strength was on par with the golden phantom figure.

"King of Destruction, you have finally arrived," the golden phantom figure sounded relieved.

The King of Destruction was a king of sovereigns and was more powerful than the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster, the Dark Purple Sovereign, and the others. Although it was merely a projection, it was powerful enough to turn the tide around. Moreover, this doppelganger was the manifestation of his will; the King of Destruction was the most powerful king amongst the kings of sovereigns. It was the king of primitive creatures that were born when heaven, earth, and the Chaos had first formed. It had annihilated countless civilizations and experts. Its strength had not come from its own cultivation but rather, it had been innately powerful and was also a manifestation of a tiny part of the universal Great Dao's will, as well as the representative of some sort of camp. Even though he was in a different timeline, it was undeniably a mighty titan.

After the King of Destruction made its appearance, it made things difficult for Ding Hao to single-handedly crush all his opponents and turn the tide around.

However, Ding Hao's expression did not change.

"Cackle cackle, Ding Hao, I'm very interested in the era and timeline where you've come from," the King of Destruction said as its eyes that were like pools of blood bore into the black-robed figure. Its eyes were full of violent bloodthirst and when it licked its lips, one could see that there were sharp spikes on its blood-red tongue, all flowing with blood.

The eras and timelines that it had expressed interest in had always shared the same fate, and that was to be destroyed.

Its only purpose in this world was to bring destruction everywhere it went.

Ding Hao smiled.

"You're just a reptile. How dare you say such words in front of me?" He said as he looked at the King of Destruction, "I want you to remember what you've said. If you manage to battle the Emperor of Azeroth and live to tell the tale, I swear I'd personally lead an expedition to your Country of Destruction and make sure you'd understand what the true meaning of destruction is."

The words from a king of the sovereigns were like an oath on the martial way. In other words, this was a declaration of war.

The King of Destruction scoffed coldly and was about to retort when a strange change took place in the gate of blood.

Once again, a mysterious energy surged forth from the gate of blood, and countless figures combined to form a single projection that appeared in the firmament. The projection grew clearer to reveal three figures standing side by side. The person on the right was a gentle-looking woman dressed in pure white imperial robes, who was stunningly beautiful. Her features were perfect and flawless; she exuded a natural and gentle aura, while the person on the left was a war goddess holding a longbow. She was clad in fiery armor with quivers attached to her front and back, and just like the woman on the right, she was extremely gorgeous, also radiating a matchless heroic spirit.

Every single one of the fiendgods and sovereigns had to admit that they were peerless beauties.

However, they were waiting on a handsome and young man who stood between them.

This young man had black hair like Ding Hao; he wore a crown on his head and held a scepter in his hand, which marked him as someone from a lofty imperial family. His noble and authoritative aura didn't seem to match the lazy smile on his face. He gave off the impression that he would do something ridiculous at any moment.

"It's you, the Emperor of the Azeroth Dynasty, Alexander Sun Fei," the King of Destruction said warily.

The handsome young man chuckled and said, "Heh, I knew you'd be here wreaking havoc. Go back to where you came from. Oh, before I forget, I think a large black dog has invaded your hideout..."

"What? You... how dare..." the King of Destruction said as his face turned pale.

His words might not make sense to an outsider but the King of Destruction knew very well that its mortal enemy reared a terrifying and vicious dog. This dog was the nemesis of those who lived in the land of destruction and it was very hard to defeat it. It would be disastrous if that dog had truly taken this opportunity to invade its hideout.

After it hesitated for a moment, the projection of the King of Destruction gave up on joining the battle and left in a hurry.

It would not ignore the words of its mortal enemy, because it knew how terrifying this black-haired young man could be.

The golden phantom figure's expression looked conflicted after he witnessed that scene.

Through the earlier conversation between the black-haired young man and the King of Destruction, he gleaned that the man was called Sun Fei and was a king of sovereigns from an ancient time and domain. He was terrifyingly powerful; some people from the camp had once tried to assassinate him when he had just attained the Dao in his own time and domain, but he launched a powerful counterattack and caused the camp to suffer huge losses. He was a devil incarnate who should not be trifled with, but he wondered,
weren't they told that this person had been neutralized by the camp? Why would he appear now?

"Hey," Sun Fei said as he turned to the golden phantom figure.

The golden phantom figure turned to look at Sun Fei.

"Yes, what are you looking at? I'm talking to you. What are you still doing here? Do you want to be humiliated by me?" Sun Fei said as he arched a brow.

The golden phantom figure was extremely enraged.

He had never been threatened in such a direct manner, but there was nothing he could do about it at the moment. Then, he looked at the Sword-Saber Divine Emperor Ding Hao and knew that the camp's plan had failed. There was no point in staying any longer; they would only have to regroup and slowly come up with another plan.

There was a flash of golden flowing light before he vanished.

The frightening power that had caused the entire world to quake in terror also vanished along with him.

The Sword-Saber Divine Emperor Ding Hao and the Emperor of Azeroth Sun Fei remained in the void. They were even more powerful than the golden phantom figure, but they had probably reined in their own energy ripples, so their presence did not really affect this world.

However, they showed no sign of interfering in the battle between the Divine Light Emperor and the Ancient Ghostly Emperor.

"What a pity that he hasn't found the path that he was meant for," the Sword-Saber Divine Emperor Ding Hao said as he peered into the depths of the firmament and looked at the Divine Light Emperor. He sounded lonely; it was a loneliness that only those who stood at the top of the martial way could understand, and also sounded a little disappointed.

"Hehe, it's homesickness. I'm surprised that this has become his stumbling block even after he has reached such a high cultivation... His inner demons are more serious than both yours and mine," Sun Fei said with a chuckle. "He is truly someone with a pure heart. Moreover, his parents are still around, so he transmigrated with regrets... he is much kinder than either of us could be."

"However, time waits for no man. The Four Symbols of the Heavenly Dao and the core of the universe must assemble before we can reverse the catastrophic destiny. As of today, we know that we are part of the Four Symbols but we're still lacking two people. He is one of them but everything would fall through if he doesn't gain the Dao. How much longer must we wait?" the Sword-Saber Divine Emperor Ding Hao said with a frown.

"As you mentioned, the Four Symbols of the Heavenly Dao must assemble in other to turn the situation around. He is the third symbol, but we're still lacking the final symbol, so there is no use trying to force this matter. Moreover, the time and era that he belongs to is even more ancient and remote compared to where we come from, so the laws of time are even more entrenched, and they would be even more tormented by that bunch of weaklings. There's no turning back, so naturally, he would have to suffer more than us..." Sun Fei looked at the battle for a while before he did some stretching exercises and smiled. Then, he kept his crown and scepter and said, "It is such a hassle to wear these things... I'll be going first. Don't go around looking for me and try to solve your own problems. I'm not going to interfere in this matter today since I don't want to change the course of history. If we meddle with the laws of this universe, it would be even harder for us four symbols to assemble in the future."

Then, he left with the two peerless beauties with a flash of splendor.

"I didn't need you to tell me that," Ding Hao said with a shake of his head and rubbed at his temples.

He had control over everything but when it came to Sun Fei, he really didn't know what to do with him.

"I hope you're able to find your own path soon," Ding Hao said with a sigh as he looked away from the Divine Light Emperor's battle. Then, he glanced at the battle that the six divine generals were fighting, but ultimately chose not to interfere. He could not afford to meddle in the events of this timeline in order to ensure that the Four Symbols would assemble one day. All these people had their own destinies to live out. The Divine Light Emperor wanted to save everyone, but his men would have to face their own destinies. This might seem cruel, but one would have to pay a price in order to succeed.

"He even named his pet monkey Sun Wukong... Well, his homesickness seems rather severe," Ding Hao muttered. He looked at the spirit monkey battle pet and laughed as he shook his head.

His figure gradually faded away as though he had melted into the void.

He had also left.

As long as these kings of the sovereigns did not join the battle, everything that happened there would have been preordained and permissible by destiny. He hoped that the Divine Light Emperor would be able to right his wrongs and head back to the correct path. Otherwise, the Four Symbols would not be able to assemble.

The battle that belonged to this world continued to unfold both in the skies and on the ground.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1270:


Chapter 1284 - Secret Technique

The Divine Light Court was losing in both battles.

The Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the fiendgods of the alternate timeline were extremely fierce and vicious, so the six divine generals gradually found it harder and harder to resist them. Many of the Martial Emperors from the various forces who came to lend aid were slain, and their essences were consumed by the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others, which then enabled them to replenish their strength. Being so, the battle had tipped over to their side.

"Ah..." an angry howl rang out, full of disbelief.

One of the Martial Emperors battling alongside the six divine generals snuck up on one of them and attacked him. The lower half of the divine general's body was completely destroyed. He had already sustained several serious injuries; this caused him to lose all effectiveness in battle.

The Martial Emperor who had come to 'lend aid' chuckled loudly when he saw that he had managed to land a critical hit on his first attempt and quickly retreated. He held something in his hand—an evil Heavenly Dao thunder that was full of terrifying malicious energy. When he flung the thing he was holding, the other divine generals were forced to retreat.

"Third brother..." one of the divine generals held the injured divine general in his arms, his grief and anger written all over his face.

The divine general who was known as 'Third Brother' was extremely pale. He said, "He's a traitor that was planted by the Sky Emperor... that bastard planned it all meticulously..." he felt a sinister and devouring force that frantically worked at destroying his body and spirit. This force was resistant to Emperor qi and divine power; it was clear for him that this was all part of the Sky Emperor's plot. He had gone all out this time to make sure that a single blow would be lethal enough to kill.

"Kill him." Their leader, a divine general who wielded a fiery long spear as his weapon, let out an angry growl and even ignited his foundation to unleash his strongest combat power to pierce a hole through the head of the Martial Emperor who had attacked his comrade, then used his Emperor fire to burn him to ashes.

"Be on your guard and retreat," the divine general who wielded a pair of battle axes said. They tightened the combat circle and used the remaining divine generals to form a new formation, then worked together to go on the defensive. They continually retreated and stopped trying to engage the fiendgods.

"Hahaha, it's too late; the die has already been cast," the Sky Emperor said in excitement.

The Divine Light Court was all but destroyed. One of the six divine generals had been obliterated, the Divine Light Emperor was single-handedly battling two kings of sovereigns and would surely be slain. Everything that belonged to the Divine Light Court would be gathered and destroyed. The death of the Divine Light Emperor would mean that all the luck in this world would then belong to him. He would replace the Divine Light Emperor, reconstruct the Divine Light Court, and he was sure that he would right all the wrongs and continue the work that the Divine Light Emperor had given up on.

There was an angry growl in the sky.

A huge shower of blood fell from the sky, instantly turning the ground into a pool of blood.

Everyone looked up to see that the Abandoned Fiendgod had been slashed down the side. He let out an angry howl after he sustained such a serious injury.

The wings formed from the Divine Light Emperor's [Sword of Divine Light] were practically destroyed, because he had only managed to slash open the Abandoned Fiendgod's body by facing an attack from the Ancient Ghostly Emperor head-on. He was also seriously injured and large mouthfuls of blood gushed out from his mouth. The power of light circulated in the Abandoned Fiendgod's injuries and he was unable to recover in a short time, making the sacrifice worth it.

"Ah..." the Abandoned Fiendgod yelled in rage, barely managing to join the two halves of his body together. However, the power of light was clearly spreading all over his wound, causing his aura to weaken rapidly.

"I swear I'll kill you one day," the Abandoned Fiendgod howled angrily before he turned into a ray of flowing light and fled, disappearing into the gate of blood that was high up in the firmament.

No one had managed to injure a king of the sovereigns like the Abandoned Fiendgod for the longest time. He controlled the fate and destiny in his world, but once he was injured, he would be in a dangerous position. Moreover, someone might take this chance to challenge his authority. Even several comrades from the camp might have designs on his world. This was the law of the jungle; even the lion king's position might be usurped if it was injured. This was why he could no longer continue battling the Divine Light Emperor. It was more important for him to flee and recuperate from his injuries.

He was definitely in a worse position than before.

He had wanted to battle for the destiny of becoming the sovereign of this world, to increase his luck and then attempt to attain a cultivation beyond Martial Emperor. However, he had ended up being seriously injured. If he had known how powerful the Divine Light Emperor was, he would have never participated in this plan.

The Sky Emperor turned pale when he saw that the Abandoned Fiendgod had fled.

However, he quickly calmed down when he saw that the Divine Light Emperor was also seriously injured.

The other king of sovereigns, the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, had only exhausted some of his energy, but he was still extremely powerful.

Someone as mighty as the Ancient Ghostly Emperor would be enough to finish off the injured Divine Light Emperor. Everything was still going according to plan.

"Accept your fate," the Sky Emperor said as he bared his teeth and threw his head back to look up at the battle in the firmament.

He looked ruthlessly at the DIvine Light Emperor, but there was a complicated mix of emotions in his eyes. He thought, "I wasn't the one who betrayed you. You were the one who turned your back on us first... I will fulfill everything that we had set out to do in the past. I'm sure you'll understand my choices one day and acknowledge that I was right."

The battle in the firmament intensified.

A battle amongst two kings of sovereigns was enough to almost smash the starry sky into pieces.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor laughed coldly and attacked with all his might, giving it everything he had. He knew that this was his chance. Now that the Abandoned Fiendgod had fled with serious injuries, no one would be competing with him for the destiny in this world. He would then be able to have this destiny all to himself; it would definitely help him to transcend into eternity.

This was the thought that motivated him to attack with even more ferocity. He unleashed all sorts of magical abilities and launched frenzied attacks on the Divine Light Emperor.

The Divine Light Emperor kept sustaining even more injuries; his Emperor blood splashed across the sky.

"We have to help His Highness." Those who were still able to fight were enraged when they saw this, longing to fight alongside the Divine Light Emperor. They did not mind dying and having their Dao cultivation completely destroyed, as long as they could buy some time for the Divine Light Emperor.

Unfortunately, they were completely surrounded by the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster. The others were also in dire straits themselves, so they were unable to lend aid.

The spirit monkey battle pet Sun Wukong let out a series of angry growls and battled even more ferociously than before, but it was unable to break free from the gigantic octopus.

The Sky Emperor chuckled loudly.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor suddenly pointed his finger into the firmament.

Rumble!

He destroyed the gate of blood in the sky.

At the same time, the four blood formations on the ground started to break apart and could no longer be an energy source for the gate of blood.

The Sky Emperor was shocked when he saw what was happening.

The Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others also paled at the sight.

"The destiny that exists in this world shall be mine. I don't want anyone else to come and compete with me for it," the Ancient Ghostly Emperor said; his cold and ruthless voice rang out across the lands.

He destroyed the gate of blood in order to prevent any other powerful titans from alternate timelines from appearing at the very last moment, to compete with him for the Divine Light Emperor's destiny. As long as he managed to kill the Divine Light Emperor, he would be able to absorb the Divine Light Emperor's luck, to propel himself into an invincible realm. Once he reached that realm, he would be able to traverse across time and space with a single thought. He would be able to crush the Sword-Saber Divine Emperor and the Emperor of Azeroth effortlessly.

The Sky Emperor felt a shiver run down his spine.

Fraternizing with the enemy indeed came with its risks.

However, he wasn't too worried since he knew that the Ancient Ghostly Emperor was his comrade. He also knew that no matter how avaricious the Ancient Ghostly Emperor was, he would definitely not harm him.

He did not care about how the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others felt about this unexpected change.

Suddenly, there was a huge flash of bright light in the sky, as though hundreds of blazing suns had instantly appeared. The entire world was covered in a dazzling silvery-white light. No matter how sharp the Sky Emperor's, the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster's and the others' eyes were, they were unable to look directly at this bright flash of light.

"Ah...!" An angry yell echoed throughout the world.

It was the Ancient Ghostly Emperor.

He seemed to have been seriously injured.

The Sky Emperor's heart sank when he heard the Ancient Ghostly Emperor yell out.

Soon, there came a large shower of blood.

The blazing bright light gradually faded and the silver radiance was no longer as dazzling as before.

The Sky Emperor's eyes widened as he stared up in the sky. Then, he saw the Ancient Ghostly Emperor's figure slowly fall; his figure rapidly shrank, turning into a blue-colored body that was about the size of an average human. There was a huge sword-shaped hole in the area where his heart should have been. This area had been pierced through; the power of light circulated in the wound...

The Divine Light Emperor had completely vanished.

The six divine generals, the ones who had been battling the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others had also inexplicably vanished without a trace.

"I can't believe that he had such a magical ability up his sleeve..." The Ancient Ghostly Emperor's aura was weak and his complexion was pale. He was consumed with resentment, since he had been a whisker away from killing the Divine Light Emperor. To his astonishment, the Divine Light Emperor had used an unbelievable secret technique—he destroyed his foundation, igniting the Dao laws and unleashed a power that was so close to transcending eternity to hit him with a lethal blow.

This secret technique was extremely powerful.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor had been prepared for the Divine Light Emperor to self-destruct as a last resort, but he hadn't expected his secret technique to be so powerful. This was even more violent than choosing to self-destruct; the power unleashed by his sword had still managed to seriously injure the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, even though he had been on his guard against him.

The DIvine Light Emperor had also rescued the six divine generals and the others.

The Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others gathered around him; all their faces were equally pale.

Their prey had slipped through their fingers.

Moreover, now that the gate of blood was destroyed, there was no way for them to return to their own timelines. They had truly suffered huge losses this time.

The Sky Emperor didn't know what to think. He had assumed that he knew everything about the Divine Light Emperor, so he hadn't expected him to unleash such a powerful secret technique at the very last second. His mind had blanked out; he didn't know what to say now that his plans had all fallen through.

"That's not a problem. The secret technique that he employed burned through his foundation and destroyed his Dao laws. I'm sure he wouldn't be able to live much longer and is probably on the verge of death," the Ancient Ghostly Emperor gradually calmed down and a cold smile danced on his lips.

Once the Divine Light Emperor died, the destiny contained within his body would scatter and drift back into the world. When that happened, he would only need some time to slowly absorb those wisps of destiny. Once he obtained them, he would still be able to propel himself to the next level. It would only take longer than he had initially planned.

"I want you to order your men to search for the Divine Light Emperor. Kill him together with his followers," the Ancient Ghostly Emperor said as his gaze fell upon the Sky Emperor. "Don't let me down." After he spoke, a dark blue ghostly energy moved from his body to enter the Sky Emperor's body. "This is a wisp of my ghostly divine power. It will enable you to be invincible in this world."

"As for the rest of you, go assist the Sky Emperor in his search. I want all of you to pursue the Divine Light Emperor and kill him, the Sky Emperor shall lead the operation. Does anyone have any objections?" the Ancient Ghostly Emperor asked as he looked at the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others.

They were all fiendgods and sovereigns from an alternate timeline, but since the Ancient Ghostly Emperor was a king of sovereigns, he had the authority to command them.

The Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others wore subservient expressions as they looked at the Ancient Ghostly Emperor. They were reluctant to serve under a peasant like the Sky Emperor, but they could only agree to do the Ancient Ghostly Emperor's bidding.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1271:


Chapter 1285 - A Secret Plot

Ye Qingyu was extremely worried for the Divine Light Emperor, when he saw the Ancient Ghostly Emperor giving out orders.

The final move that the Divine Light Emperor had unleashed was astonishingly powerful, but it came at a high price. After he employed this move, the Divine Light Emperor was at the end of his tether.

That battle had led to the collapse of the Divine Light Court.

The large battle divisions, and the elite troops were almost all massacred by the formations that the Sky Emperor had laid in place. Countless Emperor-level martial experts were slain; the entire Divine Light Court was reduced to a pile of rubble. It was a huge blow to this world's formation martial way, since the top military strength of this world was practically wiped out. Those who died were fed into the blood formations by the Sky Emperor, who used the power contained in their flesh and blood to sustain the gate of blood. Thus, those elite men did not leave any legacies nor successors behind.

It was obvious that their demise was a huge blow to the entire world.

Ye Qingyu immediately knew this would bring fractures in the formation martial world.

This probably explained why the large numbers of Martial Emperors, and the six divine generals who were even more powerful than Martial Emperors who lived during the era of the Divine Light Court had not produced a large number of Martial Emperors in the later generations. In fact, the number of Martial Emperors had eventually decreased significantly. Even the camp that was secretly managed by the Sky Emperor had only produced several hundred Martial Emperors; he had spent millions of years grooming them, so it could not be compared to the Divine Light Emperor's era at all.

As newer generations came forth, each had only produced a single Martial Emperor.

Since these were the memories that belonged to the Sky Emperor's physical body, Ye Qingyu could only see things from the Sky Emperor's perspective. He saw the Divine Light Emperor and the others flee, but he did not know where they had gone. He also watched as the Ancient Ghostly Emperor injected a wisp of ghostly energy into the Sky Emperor, and how he commanded the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others to obey the Sky Emperor's orders. He found it odd and wondered why the Ancient Ghostly Emperor held the Sky Emperor—someone who had betrayed his master's formation martial world—in such high regard, and even seemed more enthusiastic in supporting him, instead of the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster.

"Later, the Sky Emperor's soul was dark blue in color and he wielded the ghostly power. Could it be because the Ancient Ghostly Emperor had appointed the Sky Emperor as his successor?" Ye Qingyu wondered.

That was not the end of the memories ingrained in Lan Tian's body.

He watched as the Sky Emperor made the battle divisions of the other parts of the Divine Light Court to pledge allegiance to him, reorganized the other forces in the formation martial world and gradually consolidated these forces into a single entity—the truth of what happened to the Divine Light Court was not revealed to outsiders, and all those who knew the truth were massacred. No one from the imperial city lived to tell the tale; this meant that the Sky Emperor had an easier time getting the various battle divisions to pledge their allegiance to him. The entire world was shaken by the Divine Light Emperor's defeat. No one knew who could have been strong enough to defeat the Divine Light Emperor, but everyone knew that the Sky Emperor had always been the Divine Light Emperor's trusted right-hand man. He was also very authoritative, so he managed to gain control of these forces without much opposition.

"The Divine Light Emperor was not slain in battle. He sustained serious injuries and went missing while he tried to lead the enemy away, so we have to find him."

This was the news that the Sky Emperor released publicly.

Ye Qingyu had to admit that the Sky Emperor was a ruthless and ambitious man. It was not surprising how he managed to secretly command all the Martial Emperors of the formation martial world. If one did not take his moral conduct into consideration, he was indeed powerful enough to command these Martial Emperors.

The Sky Emperor gathered all the remaining battle divisions of the Divine Light Court, then issued a command to find the Divine Light Emperor and the six divine generals at all costs.

He continued to gather information about their possible whereabouts and screened all the information patiently.

He would also personally lead the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others to search any suspicious areas, but other than finding more clues, he failed to discover their actual hideout.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor temporarily took up residence at the destroyed Divine Light Court to recuperate.

Countless powerful martial experts had died during that fateful battle; as a result, a dense death qi lingered on at the Divine Light Court. Most experts would avoid heading to such places, but the death qi found in the aftermath of that battle would effectively aid his recovery.

Unfortunately, the light energy that the Divine Light Emperor injected into his wound was more powerful than he had expected. Soon, the Ancient Ghostly Emperor discovered to his horror that he could not completely get rid of the light energy. That light energy constantly corroded his wound; it was a nuisance that gave him a headache.

He was even more annoyed by the fact that even after a year had passed, he still could not sense any destiny growing in the world. This meant that the Divine Light Emperor was still alive somewhere; the destiny he carried within him had not yet scattered. Moreover, if he could not sense nor absorb the power of this destiny, this meant that he would not be able to heal himself.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor was extremely anxious.

He was in a worse state than the Abandoned Fiendgod who had decided to flee, instead of battling the Divine Light Emperor.

It would be extremely difficult to open the gate of blood to return to his world—all the top and elite martial experts of this world had been wiped out by the blood formation. It would be hard to find a large number of experts like those found in the Divine Light Court, to turn into energy and nourishment and open the gate of blood.

He was trapped in this domain.

Nonetheless, he was still a king of sovereigns.

He did not grow agitated, neither did he confront the Sky Emperor for failing to find the Divine Light Emperor after a year.

Instead, the Ancient Ghostly Emperor became a mentor to the Sky Emperor, giving him advice to improve his cultivation. He even selflessly imparted his ghostly techniques to the Sky Emperor bit by bit, and did not keep anything from him at all. Evidently, he held the Sky Emperor in high regard.

"You also have a rare ghostly physique; my techniques would be perfect for you. I guess I could call you my successor," the Ancient Ghostly Emperor said on many occasions.

The Sky Emperor was extremely grateful to the Ancient Ghostly Emperor.

The Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others did not receive such preferential treatment; they were constantly searching for the Divine Light Emperor. They didn't dare disobey the Ancient Ghostly Emperor's orders, neither did they dare to show him any disrespect, even though he was seriously injured. They all knew extremely well how terrifying and incredibly powerful he was; besides, he was also an influential figure in the camp.

Countless centuries passed in the blink of an eye.

The Sky Emperor relentlessly searched for the Divine Light Emperor, in an attempt to repay the favor bestowed upon him by the Ancient Ghostly Emperor. He employed whatever methods he could think of, slaughtered and framed countless loyal subjects of the Divine Light Court, and ultimately caused the might of the Divine Light Court to decline. However, no matter what he did, he was unable to force the Divine Light Emperor and the six divine generals to reveal themselves.

A century flew by in an instant.

Many events happened over that century, but Ye Qingyu didn't find any of them noteworthy. They only managed to make him hate the Sky Emperor even more. He was a man who didn't mind destroying and slaughtering the entire world to achieve his own selfish goals. If he could, Ye Qingyu would have killed him many times over, but unfortunately, he was merely a spectator, browsing through Lan Tian's memories.

Ye Qingyu had an even better understanding of the Sky Emperor because of these memories.

The Sky Emperor was indeed a miraculous genius of the martial way. He abandoned all the techniques that the Divine Light Emperor had once imparted and turned to cultivate the ghostly power. Although he started from scratch, he still managed to cultivate them until he achieved a Martial Emperor cultivation once again. He was advised by the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, but his talent and willpower also played a large part. The Ancient Ghostly Emperor was also stunned by this incredible achievement and started to pour even more effort into grooming his successor. As time passed, the Ancient Ghostly Emperor guided the Sky Emperor as though he were his son, trusting him in full.

Over time, the Ancient Ghostly Emperor's injuries worsened.

The light energy that the Divine Light Emperor planted in the Ancient Ghostly Emperor's body flared up every day and tortured him until his body became frail and feeble. He was not from that world, so other than the destiny that he had wanted to seize from the Divine Light Emperor, absorbing any other spiritual qi from the world was like drinking poison, and he could not use it to replenish the energy that had been depleted from his injury. Thus, he was unable to recover his origin power; his strength continued to decline.

Another century later.

The Sky Emperor frantically searched for the Divine Light Emperor to no avail, while the Ancient Ghostly Emperor was on his last legs.

"One moment of greed led me to die by the sword," the Ancient Ghostly Emperor said with a sigh. He didn't have much time left, so he spent even more effort in grooming the Sky Emperor. He finally imparted him the essence and supreme mysteries of his ghostly techniques, then said, "Now that part of my ghostly Dao continues to exist in this world, I'm sure it will flourish, being handed down for generations to come. I haven't got much time left to live, so you must continue spreading my legacy."

He sounded like he was delivering his last words.

The Sky Emperor was extremely touched by his generosity, and unsuccessfully tried various methods to cure the Ancient Ghostly Emperor.

The only method was to kill the Divine Light Emperor, letting the destiny of the formation martial way that had gathered in his body to scatter back into the world. The Ancient Ghostly Emperor's wound would only be able to heal after he absorbed that energy but unfortunately, no matter how hard he tried nor how many tricks he carried out, he was unable to produce results. It was as though the Divine Light Emperor and the others had completely vanished from this world.

Another century later.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor finally passed away.

The Divine Light Emperor's final attack had slowly but surely killed a supreme king.

The Sky Emperor was overcome with sorrow. He personally selected a blessed burial mound for the Ancient Ghostly Emperor and buried him there.

Approximately ten years later, after the Ancient Ghostly Emperor passed away, the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster, the Dark Purple Sovereign, and the others conspired and plotted for a long time. Finally, they made their move against the Sky Emperor. They were the fiendgods and sovereigns of an alternate timeline, so how could they submit to someone who was their junior? Even if the Sky Emperor was the successor of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, they still found it completely unacceptable.

However, they did not expect the low profile Sky Emperor to unleash such powerful strength. He easily overpowered the four fiendgods and trapped them inside a formation for all eternity.

Another century later, the Sky Emperor's strength skyrocketed; he cultivated his ghostly technique to unprecedented heights. He had far surpassed his strength when he was at his prime under the Divine Light Emperor and had a breakthrough. After this, he revisited the Ancient Ghostly Emperor's tomb and opened his casket.

"I know you're not dead; you're secretly plotting against me. Show yourself now," the Sky Emperor said with a cold laugh as he looked at the empty casket.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1272:


Chapter 1286 - Resurrection

"I'm surprised that you were so perceptive. When did you notice my plot?" A familiar voice rang out.

Ye Qingyu was stunned when he heard this voice, for it was none other than the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, who had been dead for centuries.

A blue splendor flickered in the tomb and the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, who should have been lying in the casket, reappeared.

His old wounds could still be seen on his body and the sword wound inflicted by the Divine Light Emperor could still be clearly seen. He had not managed to heal himself of his wounds centuries later, but his aura was definitely not as frail as it had seemed centuries earlier. The Ancient Ghostly Emperor had merely faked his death.

How did the Sky Emperor see through his plot?

Ye Qingyu wondered and continued to observe the situation.

"I didn't need to see through your plot, I just needed to think about your motivations," the Sky Emperor said calmly. "I find it hard to believe that a king of sovereigns would be so kind and generous that he would impart all his techniques unto me and treat me like a son for no reason at all. Even if I have a Ghostly physique, I don't see why you would hold me in such high regard. After giving this matter some thought, only one possibility occurred to me. You must have imparted your ghostly techniques unto me and given me all the help I needed because you wanted to groom someone with an acceptable body for you to take over. After all, your body has been slashed by the Divine Light Emperor and you're no longer able to heal yourself. As long as the Divine Light Emperor is still alive, you'd be unable to absorb the power of destiny and heal yourself. Thus, this was the only method you could have thought of."

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor looked at the Sky Emperor admiringly and said, "I see how you had managed to pull off your betrayal of the Divine Light Emperor so perfectly. I had assumed that the Divine Light Emperor was merely a little beast that has yet to fully mature and that I could crush him easily, so I was shocked when I wasn't able to defeat him after joining forces with the Abandoned Fiendgod, and even ended up getting seriously injured. If this man wasn't impeded by his inner demons, I wouldn't have dared to underestimate him. Yet, you managed to betray him, and your plan had been almost perfect, which means that you're more frightening than the Divine Light Emperor."

"What is the point of saying all of that now?" the Sky Emperor said with a cold laugh. "You had plotted to kill me and possess my body from the very beginning, and all the care and concern you had showered upon me in the past was just an act you were putting on. There's only one way to settle this, and that is through a battle today."

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor chuckled loudly. "You said that I was putting on an act, but weren't you pretending to follow orders yourself? You had already detected the whereabouts of the Divine Light Emperor more than three hundred years ago, but you didn't lead your men to hunt him down. Did you really think that I wouldn't know what you were doing? I know what you're after."

The Sky Emperor looked surprised that his plot had been discovered, but he quickly calmed down and said, "So you've known about this all along... haha. Obviously, I can't kill him now, for if I do, the destiny of the world within him would scatter and be absorbed by yourself. After you've recovered your strength, what would I do with the remnants of this destiny?"

"I can't believe you wanted to gather the destiny of this world as well," the Ancient Ghostly Emperor said with a laugh. "You're extremely ambitious but you're definitely not worthy of this destiny."

The Sky Emperor said with an enigmatic smile, "You don't have the final say in determining who is worthy and who isn't. I had still managed to see through your meticulously laid out plot and now that you've sustained such serious injuries, how much more of your former strength do you possess?" "Once I've gotten rid of you, I'll hunt down the Divine Light Emperor, and after both of you are dead, this world will still be intact and I will still have my Ghostly divine techniques. Who would be able to stop me then? The destiny of this world will still end up in my hands," he said.

"I doubt you'd be able to kill me," the Ancient Ghostly Emperor said with a loud chuckle.

They started to battle.

This fierce battle lasted an entire year.

The Sky Emperor had prepared for this battle well ahead of time and had installed a large number of formations all around the blessed burial mound, so it had been well nourished after absorbing a century's worth of the universe's spiritual qi. Moreover, the Ancient Ghostly Emperor was still injured, so the Sky Emperor managed to kill the Ancient Ghostly Emperor after a while and emerged as the victor of this battle.

The Sky Emperor didn't just kill the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, he broke into his consciousness and broke into a part of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor's memories. The Ancient Ghostly Emperor had held back from imparting everything he knew unto the Sky Emperor, so he found the true essence of the ghostly techniques through these memories and used this to complete his knowledge of the ghostly techniques.

However, all these came at a cost as well.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor's final attack before he died had seriously damaged his spirit and thus, fractures appeared between his spirit and body.

After he saw this, Ye Qingyu understood why the Sky Emperor's body had transformed into Lan Tian. This was an early warning sign of a spirit separating from its body.

Three hundred years later—

The Sky Emperor had completely mastered the ghostly techniques, recovered from his injuries, and become even stronger.

"It is time to end this," the Sky Emperor muttered after he emerged from self-isolation.

Ye Qingyu could guess what the Sky Emperor was going to do.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor had already revealed the Sky Emperor's intentions and said that the Sky Emperor had already known where the Divine Light Emperor was, and sure enough, the Sky Emperor went to hunt down the Divine Light Emperor and the others less than a day after he emerged from self-isolation—

Deep underneath the rubble of the Divine Light Court—

In a tiny world that was full of light—

After the Sky Emperor forced his way past the defensive light force and entered this small world, he saw the six divine generals who were guarding the Divine Light Emperor and the spirit monkey battle pet, Sun Wukong.

The Divine Light Emperor was in a strange state. His expression was calm while his body floated in midair in the middle of this world in a cross-legged position. It seemed like he was in a death-like state, as though he was sound asleep. However, his body still exuded a terrifyingly powerful energy, and this energy had sustained this world and prevented it from collapsing.

The six divine generals and the battle pet, Sun Wukong, had recovered from their injuries, including the divine general who had been attacked and lost half his body. They had completely recovered their cultivations. It was clear that the light energy from this small world was highly effective in aiding their recovery.

"Bastard, how dare you appear?"

The six divine generals glared angrily at the Sky Emperor and immediately surrounded him.

The Sky Emperor used to be their comrade, but now, they hated him to the core and would have torn him to pieces if they could. However, the ghostly power that the Sky Emperor exuded was incredibly powerful, so they were very wary of him. They were also afraid of harming the Divine Light Emperor's body if they battled in this place, so they were forced to tamp down their violent urges.

"I knew it," the Sky Emperor said. Although he was not as powerful as the Divine Light Emperor in his prime, his strength had soared so much that he was probably the most powerful man in the world right now. Thus, he completely ignored the six divine generals. His gaze fell onto the Divine Light Emperor, who looked like he was sleeping soundly, and he looked at him with a complicated expression before saying, "I guess I have lived up to the bond we used to share by preventing you from being slain and preventing your destiny from falling into the hands of a fiendgod from an alternate timeline."

"Bastard, what are you trying to do?"

"Stop him. We mustn't let him approach His Highness."

The six divine generals spoke anxiously as they quickly took their places in a formation that encircled the Sky Emperor.

The spirit-monkey battle pet growled loudly and its hair stood on end like divine needles.

However, they were far too weak compared to the Sky Emperor and he easily overpowered them. The Sky Emperor pressed down gently and the spirit monkey battle pet was sent flying with blood gushing out of its mouth, feeling that its body was about to break apart. It couldn't even handle one move from the Sky Emperor.

"The Sky Emperor is now so powerful that it is frightening. Although he is still not as powerful as the Divine Light Emperor at his peak, he's probably just a whisker away from being as powerful as the Divine Light Emperor was then. This man is truly an unparalleled genius who is second only to the Divine Light Emperor..." Ye Qingyu couldn't help but exclaim in wonder as he watched the battle unfold.

The six divine generals and the spirit monkey battle pet were extremely talented. This was why the Divine Light Emperor had taken them under his wing and groomed them to be the men they were today. However, the Sky Emperor's talent and aptitude far surpassed any of theirs, so it was no wonder that the Divine Light Emperor had singled him out and spent more effort on grooming him than the others.

If he had encountered the Sky Emperor in his prime during the battle in the torrent of space, both Yu Xiaoxing and himself would have probably been reduced to ashes.

The six divine generals and the spirit monkey fought with all their might but they were still no match for the Sky Emperor. They were all critically injured and sent flying with their bodies bathed in blood.

Ultimately, the six divine generals and the spirit monkey could not even get near the Sky Emperor.

The Sky Emperor walked up to the Divine Light Emperor and let out another sigh as he looked at the Divine Light Emperor in this state.

There was a faraway look in his eyes, but in the end, he raised his hand and pushed back a stray strand of hair from the Divine Light Emperor's face tenderly. He seemed strangely calm and there was a tenderness in his eyes as he performed this action. This was at complete odds with his behavior at the Divine Light Court, when he seemed to have yearned madly for the Divine Light Emperor's death. Instead, he looked like a gentle wife straightening her husband's armor.

The six divine generals yelled and struggled with all their might but they were unable to approach the Sky Emperor.

"We weren't able to share the same bed in life nor share the same tomb in death... You look like the living dead in this state and I'm sure this is also a form of suffering to you. I shall release you from your suffering... and kill you today," the Sky Emperor said as the tenderness gradually disappeared from his face.

He suddenly pointed to the area between the Divine Light Emperor's eyebrows.

The six divine generals were livid and gnashed their teeth in anger when they saw this.

However, an unexpected change occurred.

The Divine Light Emperor, who looked like he was sleeping soundly and who didn't even react when the spirit monkey battle pet and the six divine generals were critically injured by the Sky Emperor, suddenly opened his eyes and raised his hand to shoot out a ray of flowing light from his finger.

He had pointed in the direction of the Sky Emperor's finger.

Boom!

The Sky Emperor swayed slightly and a look of terror was written all over his face, as though he had just seen a ghost. He was extremely shocked and frightened.

He would never have imagined that the Divine Light Emperor would awaken from his death-like state at this crucial moment.

He suddenly felt like he was in an extremely dangerous situation. The situation that he had been most worried about had happened. Was this a trap that had been laid by the Divine Light Emperor? Had the Divine Light Emperor been completely unharmed the entire time and had only wanted to use him to wipe out the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster, the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, and the others before walking into the trap that he had laid?

Although the Sky Emperor was extremely cunning, he had always feared and admired the Divine Light Emperor, so his mind was completely blank at that moment.

This moment of complete shock caused him to lose his chance of attacking first.

An indescribable energy flowed from the Divine Light Emperor's finger into his body.

"Ah..." the Sky Emperor yelled.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

