Chapter 621:


Chapter 639, Two important matters



It was the voice of the stone monkey.



This guy was said to be the battle pet of the peerless War God, and its stone statue was stationed at the suspended stone steps of the Light Palace, keeping the successive generations of Palace Lords appointed by the Imperial family from being able to enter the real Light Palace. The wisp of divine sense of the stone monkey was even said to be tyrannical, and it was rumoured that even the original Snow Emperor was unable to make this monkey compromise and move aside.



During the Battle of the Light Palace, the stone monkey went into deep slumber.



When Ye Qingyu passed by the stone monkey statue during the day he had tried to communicate with him, he did not receive a response. He thought the stone monkey was still asleep, and had no idea that in this strange little world, the voice of the stone monkey would reappear.



“Haha, you look very confused, little fellow,”  the voice of the stone monkey rang again.

The voice contained a hint of excitement, but there was more than a hint of someone gloating over his misfortune.



It wasn't until this moment that Ye Qingyu snapped out of his state of shock.



“You... where are you?” He had released his divine sense in the small world of this strange space, but had failed to sense the slightest life form or perceived where the stone monkey was. He couldn't help feeling astonished at the fact that the strength of the stone monkey was far above his previous speculation.



“Me? I'm right here, haha.” The stone monkey laughed again.



Ye Qingyu slowly withdrew his divine sense.



He could sense the ridicule from the stone monkey’s tone of voice, but this ridicule carried obvious goodwill, so he was not more vigilant. However, Ye Qingyu understood that as long as the stone monkey did not reveal himself, he would never discover his true location, so it was useless to release his divine sense.



“It was elder stone monkey who deliberately released the aura that led me here?” Ye Qingyu asked loudly.

The stone monkey was the battle pet of the peerless War God, which meant that he had also provided notable service in the founding of the Snow Empire, and his age should be much older than him, so it was reasonable for Ye Qingyu to call him elder.

The stone monkey's voice sounded again, “You are quite clever, you guessed right. Not bad, it was I who deliberately led you to this location.”

Ye Qingyu smiled. “What is the reason for elder to lead me here?”



By this time, Ye Qingyu had completely calmed down.



There was even anticipation in his mind. Perhaps the stone monkey led him here to reveal the truth to him, and perhaps it will provide some information to some of the questions on his tangled mind.



“Aren't you curious at all?” the stone monkey said.

Ye Qingyu, “What is there to be curious about?”



“The cause of death of those corpses,” the stone monkey said in a somewhat dissatisfied tone, then as though he was reminded of something he complained, “You young man, that dragon had consumed the spirit of the Light Palace and almost caused a catastrophe... You, why do you always not follow the rules? You should first ask me with a very surprised look who those corpses are, and why did they die here and who killed them...”



Ye Qingyu, “...”

“Fine,” Ye Qingyu cleared his throat. “Elder, who are those corpses, why did they die here, and who killed them?”



The monkey finally seemed a little excited, “Haha, they were all once experts of the Heaven Wasteland Domain whose power shook an area. During their life they were all high and mighty existences. Among them, there is...” He listed several names and then said in a triumphant voice, “But these guys were too greedy. They wanted to obtain things that didn’t belong to them. They thought no one would know, so they quietly snuck in here. Haha, so I killed them all one by one.”

When Ye Qingyu heard this, he hurriedly adopted a very shocked expression, nodding, “I see, wow, elder you're really too powerful.”



The stone monkey was silent for a moment, then he responded in a scornful tone, “Your face, your acting is really amateur...”



Ye Qingyu, “...”



“Well, little fellow, what exactly do you want to know?” the stone monkey ask disinterestedly.



Ye Qingyu drew a deep breath and took on a serious look, before he asked, “What is this place, where are you?”

“This place?” The stone monkey gave a mischievous laugh. “I bet you one thousand female monkeys that you will never guess where this is. Haha, this place is of course inside my body, my martial arts dantian world, but it has been destroyed by people...”



What?



Ye Qingyu really was utterly shocked.



He never thought that he would receive an answer like that.

They say that once a martial artist reaches the peak of their cultivation, their dantian world can evolve into a real world. This process was like the creation of the world, extremely mysterious. It was said that the martial arts emperor back then was able to do this. Moreover, there were even rumours that the great wide world now was, in fact, a world that constantly changed from the spirituality of a martial expert's dantian world when they had fallen, which eventually magically evolved out with new lives, and became a new domain.

Martial cultivation was to borrow the power of the Heaven and earth, to understand the Heaven and earth. If an extremely strong expert had fallen, then a method to give their cultivation base and power back to Heaven and earth, was by producing a new domain from the martial arts dantian world is. This was, of course, the best way.

This theory was once very popular.



But later, as time went on, there had been countless years without a martial arts emperor and even quasi emperor-level experts were very rarely seen. So whether an expert's martial arts dantian world can become a new domain and produce living beings or not was beginning to be doubted, because it had been too long since anyone had seen such things happen. Many of the texts and ancient books or records had long been lost over the long history and wars.



It was for this reason, that when the stone monkey said this small world was his martial dantian world, Ye Qingyu was so shocked.



Could it be that the stone monkey's cultivation had reached that state?



However, the next moment, Ye Qingyu suddenly realized something. Perhaps he had been thinking too much, because in this small world, although the various powers of laws were relatively perfect, there was one thing that was very clear: it did not give birth to real life. Those corpses were just outsiders. Therefore from this aspect, maybe the stone monkey had not reached that glorious and world shattering level yet?



However, no matter what, it was still incredibly terrifying to be able to produce a small, mature world in one’s martial arts dantian world.

At least the stone monkey's cultivation was much higher than that of Ye Qingyu.



But the problem was that the stone monkey himself had just said that his martial arts dantian world had been destroyed...



The dantian world had been destroyed, does that mean he was dead?

But the stone monkey was clearly talking to him.



Ye Qingyu knew that some things can not be judged using common sense, such as the existence of the stone monkey, which may have broken the martial arts principle. Ever since coming to the Snow capital, there was one thing that Ye Qingyu had learnt——no matter what it was, as long as it was related to the legendary peerless War God, no matter how unbelievable it was, it was normal.



These thoughts flashed across Ye Qingyu's mind for a moment.



After a slight hesitation, he asked, “Elder stone monkey led me here, for this?”



“Of course there are some things that I want to talk to you about,” the voice of the stone monkey sounded again, full of strength and resounding, containing the power of a martial arts expert and did not seem like he was severely injured. “Your strength now is enough to protect yourself, so there are some things that it is time to tell you.”



Ye Qingyu grew serious.



With his current strength, he could be said to be the strongest in Heaven Wasteland Domain, but in the eyes of the stone monkey it was just enough to protect himself?



Before waiting for Ye Qingyu to ask, the stone monkey got straight to the point. “Today, what I need to tell you, there are mainly two things. The first is, I have something for you. Take this thing, and go to the Yu Clan’s imperial offering temple, where you will see something…”



Before his voice faded.



A strange wave of energy, fell from the void, appearing above Ye Qingyu's head.

Ye Qingyu stretched out his hand when something instantly hit him in the hand.

Pa.



A muffled sound.



Ye Qingyu only felt his wrist bend backwards as an incomparably heavy object smashed into his hand. Given his current physical strength, even if it was an immemorial mountain falling into the palm of his hand, he would not feel such a heavy weight. Curious, Ye Qingyu looked at it intently, and found that in the palm of his hand was a drop of jade-like red blood.



The blood was shining red, whirling around like mercury. Although at first glance there was nothing strange, but Ye Qingyu still found it unusual.



The moment that drop of blood touched his hand, he had a strange feeling, as if his body was able to interact with the red bead.



Ye Qingyu felt his blood burning and boiling.

Before Ye Qingyu could ponder longer, the stone monkey's voice rang again, “The first thing is done, now the second thing. Remember the first time you entered the Light Palace, the little snake that your little silver dragon pet ate, do you remember?”



Ye Qingyu nodded.



Of course he remembered.



At that time, Ye Qingyu was controlled by the mysterious force, unable to move, and the mysterious snake climbed through the inner wall of the Light Palace, created a huge and complex strange formation, and activated the energy of the entire Light Palace. Finally, when the little snake was heading over to him, the little silver dragon suddenly appeared and swallowed the snake.

At that time, a very shocking ‘crap’ sounded from the Light Palace, which was made by the stone monkey.



“The little snake is the spirit of the Light Palace, and after it was swallowed, the Light Palace, although its formations are active, cannot exert its true power. Now your strength is enough to allow your little pet to try to integrate with the Light Palace, in order to bring out the true power of this palace...”



The stone monkey that talked important business was very serious——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 622:


Chapter 640, The Real Light Palace



Dawn.



One night of time passed by very quickly.



Although the small world of the sword pit still maintained an eerie dark redness, outside of the sword pit, the sky above Light City was already as bright as daytime. The rays of the sunlight, like clusters of thousands of golden arrows, were piercing out from the clouds.



In the depths of the fire tree woods.



Only one night had passed, but the fire tree woods had accumulated a thick layer of leaves.



The leaves of the fire trees, as though it would grow forever, continued to fall and never stopped.



Che! Che! Che!



With his long hair tied back only with a brown hairband, Divine General Gong, Gao Diping was intently sweeping the fire leaves into a pile.



His movements were very gentle and swift, and he seemed to be very concentrated, like he was doing an important task. His essence, energy, and spirit had integrated as though he was facing a great enemy, and there was a solemn look on his face. He seemed to be sweeping the leaves, but his broom did not touch any leaves or the ground.

The broom, waving softly in his hand, seemed to contain a strange law like power.



At the end of the broom there was a layer of fog-like chaos mist.



The mist seemed to possess a spiritual nature. Every time the broom was waved about, the mist, like a thin veil, rolled up the leaves and tossed it to one direction.



Not far away.



There was a giant fire tree of such a size that it needed four people to fully encircle and had flourishing branches and leaves like a huge fiery domed treetop. Its branches fluttered and rattled in the wind.



Under the tree.

Several black and white waves of yuan qi light were fluctuating around several figures who were training with each other



These figures were the people that had been practicing every morning, day after day, rain or shine, for almost one year, Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling’er, and the others.



Just then——



Swoosh!



A shadow-like white light leaped out of the sword pit, entering into the Light Palace in the blink of an eye.



The white light stopped in the most central space of the stone palace, slightly quivering and flashing at every step. In three steps it turned solid. It was Ye Qingyu, looking rather pensive.



After one night of talking, Ye Qingyu had received a myriad of shocking information from the stone monkey. After hearing all the secrets and matters about the Light Palace from the stone monkey, Ye Qingyu felt somewhat unfamiliar towards the stone palace before him.



His eyes and expression were strange. Once he entered the palace, as though it was his first time inside. He once again studied and examined the stonewalls, stone bed, stone table, and stone chairs.



Ever since he first unleashed the divine sword of light, the originally dark walls of the stone hall were issuing a warm brilliance. Today, this soft light was still slowly penetrating out from the walls, as though it was endless.



While the jade-like stone tables, stone chairs, and stone beds were also exuding a jade-like brilliance, which seemed to be gentler and more delicate than a year ago.



“Let’s first try the stone monkey's method of allowing the little silver dragon to connect with the palace, re-endow the palace with spirituality, and then see what the so-called mystery of the palace is...” Ye Qingyu drew a deep breath, seating himself on the sparkling jade-like stone chair.

He turned and communicated with the little silver dragon that was in the form of a silver hairpin.



The little silver dragon, who was in deep sleep, slowly awakened.



Like a worm that had just overslept, the little guy stretched its body between Ye Qingyu's long hair and crawled out, landing on his shoulders. He then lightly rubbed its mini dragon head against Ye Qingyu's face, like it was very fond of him.



Having slept for such a long time, his little body had not at all changed in size. He was still cute and tiny, glowing with a silvery light all over.



Ye Qingyu communicated his thoughts to the little fellow.



Little silver nodded its head, and again affectionately rubbed against Ye Qingyu's palm, before he soared up. Transforming into a silver brilliance, it penetrated the surface of the most central courtyard of the Light Palace, like a dragon returning to the sea.



Because the little silver dragon had swallowed the original spiritual snake, digested its memory and energy, so there was the possibility that it had become the new spirit of the Light Palace.



Judging from the performance of Little Silver, it was clear that he had understood all this beforehand, so he easily integrated with the Light Palace.



Ye Qingyu breathed a sigh of relief when he saw this scene.



He pondered over what the stone monkey said to him before in the little world, and slowly but firmly placed both hands on the armrests of the stone chair.



The armrests on both sides were carved with very simple, smooth, cloud markings.



“According to the stone monkey, at this time I need to...” Ye Qingyu eyes darted around, looking at the dormant cloud markings on the armrest. Then, the most pure yuan qi from his dantian world poured into the armrest.



Strange changes began to take place——



The dormant cloud markings were seemingly suddenly awakened by the yuan qi force. There were layers of clouds gradually beginning to flow, and faintly rolling across.



And the whole jade stone chair also seemed to have been injected with a new life force. Inch after inch of writhing veins flowed out from the stone chair that Ye Qingyu was sat on, covering the entire stone chair within a short moment. These veins were filled with a slightly pulsating silver liquid, like the new blood vessels of the stone chair, but also like the original network of blood vessels of the stone chair.



An even more astonishing scene followed.



These seemingly alive veins were spreading across the surface of the stone palace at a frantic speed.



In a flash.



The entire palace ground was covered with crisscrossing silvery vein markings, and began to climb up the stone walls like living creatures.



Like the twisted and intertwined roots of a thousand-year-old tree, the veins rapidly extended and spread until the walls were all covered within a few moments.

The veins that seemed to have spread out from the stone chair and been lying dormant for many years in the stone palace hall were finally awakened today by the power that Ye Qingyu injected.



After ten minutes.



The ground, walls, wall pillars, and even the dome roof of the stone palace were all covered with dense vein markings.



Following the development of the vein markings, the whole space began to produce many strange forces, which did not come from Ye Qingyu, but the stone palace.



The Light Palace at that moment was like an ancient demon god, awakened by wisps of yuan qi power and its energy was restored. The whole room had livened up.

More and more energy was constantly filling the interior of the stone palace.



Ye Qingyu marveled at the scene.



The forces of the stone palace that came pouring out from all sides were as though it was about to crush the Light Palace.

Gradually, Ye Qingyu also felt an oppressive feeling brought by this inexplicable power. He felt like he was being squeezed into a huge sphere filled with gas, and this sphere was constantly being instilled with gas, pushing him into a small corner. Both his body and mind felt a strange repression.



Just then, at this time——



Rumble!



Bursts of rumbling thunder-like noises erupted from the stone palace.



Exuding a warm glow, the intertwined veins suddenly burst out with a dazzling silvery glow.



The abrupt blaze of bright light blinded everyone in the stone palace.

Boom!



A more dazzling, substantial, and sacred silvery pillar of light than one year ago suddenly soared into the sky, like a silver-emitting giant sword was shot directly from the center of the stone palace courtyard into the Ninth Heaven.



With the Light Palace as the center, within hundreds of miles, the golden sun and the blue sky suddenly dimmed. Clouds scudded across, as though a surging wave was set off in the sky.

Endless brilliance spread to every corner of the Light City. In less than ten seconds, the sky of the entire Snow capital was blanketed in this silvery light, thick waves of clouds were constantly raging, and the whole Snow capital had become gloomy within seconds.



In the vault of heaven the raging clouds and qi were converging toward the pillar of silver light. The divine sword of light that shot straight to the Ninth Heaven was being enveloped by the constantly expanding and accumulating swirling clouds and qi.



In the stone palace.



Ye Qingyu, with eyes full of astonishment, stared at the surging flowing clouds on the armrest of the stone chair. He then scanned across the veins on the walls, and with his divine sense he noticed that the stone walls were not giving off a warmth like before. Instead, it faintly began to emit a burning heat.



He looked up at the pillar of silver light that shrouded the overhead of the Light Palace, the shock in his eyes was more obvious than before. The scene in the stone palace and the shape of the divine light sword were quite different than the first time he sat on the stone chair a year ago.



“Is this the true power of the Light Palace? Too amazing... It seems it is time to open up it’s true mystery...”



Ye Qingyu's eyes became hot.



Wisps of yuan qi power were drawn out from his dantian world and rapidly flowed toward his arm, like spirit snakes, endlessly rushing to the armrest covered by his hands.

And as Ye Qingyu's lips slightly opened and closed, an extremely mysterious ancient sound was chanted from his mouth.



This was one of the methods of control that the stone monkey taught him.



Endowing the spirit, activating the formation, and then chanting the method. These were the ways to control the true power of the Light Palace, and not a single one of the three can be omitted.

With the constant chanting and the infusion of more and more yuan qi, Ye Qingyu suddenly seemed to be bathed in the silver flames that erupted from the stone chair.



The frantically blazing flames erupted with an insuppressible silvery glow, and the light of the flames, as though driven by mysterious forces, sped to the pillar of silver light.



Suddenly.



Rays of light shot out from the Light Palace, like the sun casting blinding light that made it hard to look straight in its direction.



The pillar of light in the palace was like an open passageway to an unknown world of nothingness, blooming out a blinding light, constantly converging, splitting, and changing into strange shapes.



And the clouds and qi that swathed the pillar of silver light suddenly became muddy, the countless yuan qi power between Heaven and earth changed into a number of wildly dancing qi snakes, speeding toward the center of the cloud and qi.

The entire Imperial capital was shrouded in this huge murky cloud and qi. The Snow capital was suddenly blanketed by clouds and mist, as if had fallen into endless darkness.



“Heavens!”



“What's going on here?”



“That power is?”



The strange scene in the direction of the Light Palace and the uncontrollable, wild, and violent clouds of yuan qi of the heavens and the earth filled every martial artists with fear, turning to the direction of the Light Palace in shock.



Almost instantaneously, they all felt a repression like being crushed by a mountain. Their yuan qi and dantian world had become restless. Some Spirit spring and Bitter Sea stage experts who could not control the crazily surging yuan qi within their body had their face contorted with pain——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 623:


Chapter 641, The flashbacks of the former days

In the fire tree woods.

“This power...” Bai Yuanxing suddenly stopped his training.

He listened attentively like always and his face took on a look of surprise. Feeling the terrifying power roaring like a wild beast from the direction of the palace, and feeling the yuan qi within his body surging involuntarily, unconsciously he began to tremble.

On the other side, Jin Ling'er, Li Ying, and Li Qi also turned to the direction of the Light Palace, but the light was too blinding, even if they had exerted their full strength, it was still difficult to face it directly. One after another a pained expression crossed their face.

Not far away.

The always calm Divine General Gong seemed to have been petrified.

He gripped the slightly worn out broom tightly in his hands, to the extent that the broomstick was crushed by the tremendous palm force into fragments, yet he still had not realized the harm he had caused. There was a sudden change in his usual calm expression, solemnly gazing in the direction of the palace. He looked somewhat emotional, and not sure when, but there was a teardrop flowing down his cheeks.

“Finally, the moment I’ve been waiting for...”

He, who was always calm and kept a straight face even when facing the Demon King of a foreign race, had never lost control like this before.

……

The third area of Light City.

“On the divine palace ...”

“That is... the Divine Sword of Light?”

“The Divine Sword of Light is activated?”

“Could it be that Lord...”

Yang Henshui of the martial training grounds, as well as Gao Han, Dai Youmeng, and Liu Jinyan in the tent almost at the same time abruptly stopped what they were doing and turned to the direction of the Light Palace.

Yang Henshui's hand that was clasping the cool and elegant weapon was slightly trembling, and the weapon was also producing bursts of strange cries.

Gao Han moved two steps closer to the palace, feeling the vast and undefendable oppressive power growing stronger, then slowed down his pace.

A year ago, he had seen Lord Ye repeatedly activate the sword of light when he was trapped in the Light Palace. But today, it was a very different strength and tyrannical power of the divine sword, which made him afraid, but also gave birth to infinite reverence. He gazed distantly at the overhead of the palace where a pillar of light was seen towering into the sky. When he thought again of the only person in the entire Heaven Wasteland who could activate the Divine Sword of Light, he couldn't help feeling emotionally moved.

Since the Battle at Youyan Pass, he had been following Lord Ye for almost two years. During this period of time he had witnessed many of Lord Ye's fortuitous encounters and breakthroughs. Moreover, under his leadership, he also had done many heroic feats, which benefited the Human Race, that he could not even imagine doing in his previous life. He not only had admiration, respect, trust, and reverence for Lord Ye, but the strange scene before him made him feel that the Lord Ye, who he followed, was a God-like existence in the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland Domain...

Dai Youmeng and Liu Jinyan were already shivering in fear from the power.

The two people thought of the various heavenly lightning and strange scenes in the war back then. It was incredibly difficult to imagine that the Sword of Light would reappear and what earth-shattering events it would bring about again…

……

In the market of the Snow capital.

Crouching in front of a simple noodle shop that did not even have a shop plate, Wen Wan was slurping up noodles in big mouthfuls, when suddenly, like he was struck by lightning, he went completely still.

Boom!

The silver pillar pierced the clouds, and the light covered the rays of the sun, illuminating the entire Snow capital.

At the same time——

Clang!

Wen Wan's wrist trembled, the large bowl of noodles spilled onto the ground, but he seemed to have not yet realized.

His eyes filled with shock as he looked up at the western direction of the Snow capital.

Wen Wan seemed to have all of a sudden lost consciousness. Very quickly his eyes were rekindled with excitement, trembling uncontrollably. He looked at the direction of the distant pillar of silver light for more than ten seconds, before he, like a madman, burst into a wild laughter. “Hahahaha... this day, finally came.....”

In the noodle shop.

The others were exchanging glances with one another.

……

The first brothel of Snow capital, Light Dance building.

In a room on the second floor.

Hugging girls on his left and right, Li Changkong and Ximen Yeshui abruptly sprang up beside the wine table, exchanged a glance, and with a flash they were already in the middle of the air.

At the same time——

Boom!

The pillar of light pierced a mass of clouds at the other end of the Snow capital, and seemed to be charging to the end of the sky.

“That is... from the direction of the Light Palace?” Xiemen Yeshui exclaimed, his eyes wide open and fixed in the direction of the silver pillar of light and the cloud cyclone, revealing a strange and puzzled look, “Could it be my precious brother doing something extraordinary again, and even lit up the Light Palace?”

“Yes, it is indeed the power of the Divine Sword of Light.” Li Changkong felt a surging yuan qi in his body, “But... this power, how is it... so strong...” He had never seen such a strong force, which seemed to exist only in legends.

At this time, at the ground floor of the restaurant.

The few beautiful female singers who were crowding around the two men all popped their heads out of the window, looking curiously at the sky.

“Gongzi Ximen, you run when the sky changes, you even forgot your bird!” One of the women with a chicken-sized drunk parrot, Rosy Cloud, in her arm shouted.

“Yue Yin, why do you think the sky suddenly changed...’ another woman said.

“Who knows! A few days ago there was even lightning, recently it hasn't been very peaceful!” a beautiful woman called Yue Yin propped her chin in her hand and said quietly.

……

Above the Imperial family's offering temple.

Within a thin cloud of light smoke, two figures, one black and one white, like immortals riding the clouds, were sat cross legged, motionless, that not even the strong winds fluttered their robes or hair in the slightest.

Upon a closer look, it was the Snow Emperor and Hu Yu who had entered a meditative state.

Boom!

A loud noise broke out.

Hu Yu suddenly shot open his eyes, twisting his head immediately in the direction of Light City.

“You lost...” The Snow Emperor slowly opened his eyes, saying in a deep voice.

But if Hu Yu had turned around at this time, he would see that the Snow Emperor's eyes were flashing with astonishment.

“How many years... how many times have I seen the sun rise and set... I’ve finally waited...” Hu Yu did not care what the Snow Emperor had said. The strongest expert of the empire fixed his eyes on the giant silver sword above the Light Palace.

In the distance.

The burst of the silver pillar had as though illuminated the belief hidden deep in his heart. All over his body were yuan qi power surging and whistling, and the insuppressible qi seemed to have set him into flames. The next moment he lifted up his foot, anxiously turning into a stream of flowing light, and darted in the direction of the pillar of light.

……

In the Right Minister's residence.

In a quiet room playing chess while discussing the military plan, Right Minister Lin Zheng and Left Minister Qu Hanshan looked at each other, a strange light flickering in their eyes.

The two pillars of the Snow Empire, who had always remained calm in the face of anything and were as steady as Mt. Tai, suddenly shattered the chess piece in their hand into dust. Even the thick white jade board was immediately split across and covered in cracks.

There were flashes of light and shadow.

Two shadows flashed into midair, gazing into the silver pillar of light.

Trembling in fear, awe, excitement, and joy...

Staring at that sword of light and recalling of the grand situation of the empire one hundred years ago, all kinds of complex emotions surfaced on the faces of the two old men. Their lips trembled, but words would not come forth.

The Crown Prince Palace.

The Crown Prince of the Snow Empire Yu Xiaoxing, the First Princess Yu Junqing, and the Golden Apex Prince Yu Feiyan were standing before the sand table at the Snow Empire's borders discussing something.

In a split second, the strange scene suddenly emerged, the three people all revealed a look of astonishment and joy.

“Waited so long, finally waited for today...” Yu Junqing turned to the silver light in the west side of the palace, sighing slightly.

“I knew he could do it!” Yu Xiaoxing’s face lit up, looking in the direction of the center of the silver light pillar, a smile blooming across her face like a flower.

“The Divine Sword of Light has appeared in Heaven Wasteland, it seems our previous concerns... were unnecessary...” Yu Feiyan heaved a long sigh of relief, a gratified smile on his face.

……

On the square in front of the residence of the Snow Empire’s Pill God.

Two men with grey hair and beard were standing in the front of a crowd, gazing at the constantly changing light ahead, the rolling mist funnel, as well as the incomparably mighty and sacred silver sword piercing the clouds, and seemed to be unable to contain their joy. The corners of their eyes were slightly suffused with a glowing light.

“I didn't think that us two old men would see the day the power of the divine sword would appear again...”

“I already said, that boy, compared to that person back then, is not in any way inferior!”

Behind the two people, the tide of people attracted by the earth-shaking scene was increasingly growing. It was as if the entire population of Snow capital had rushed out from their house. Everyone was astonished and awed by the magnificent power.

Along with the strange scene in the sky a few days ago, many people began to wonder whether there would be a big change in the Snow capital and even Heaven Wasteland Domain...

And this vast, imposing, and terrifying scene was also invisibly spreading at a rapid speed in all directions like a tidal wave...

……

Youyan Pass.

Pass Lord's residence.

Lu Zhaoge and Ye Congyun were discussing the deployment of border troops.

Like a tremendous wave of surging power had suddenly descended, it suddenly grabbed the mind of these two people.

Lu Zhaoge looked shocked.

The military god who controlled the northern area of the Imperial empire had never lost control like this before. He suddenly seemed to be aware of something, reached out his hand and grasped the arm of Ye Congyun. With a flash of golden light, the next moment, the two were already tens of thousands of meters above the Pass Lord's residence.

“That is... could it be that he is back!” Lu Zhaoge cried out in surprise.

Looking in the direction of the Snow capital that he was very familiar with, he couldn't control his shock.

“Master, who... who's back?” Ye Congyun was both surprised and puzzled. His cultivation base was far inferior to that of Lu Zhaoge. He had only just felt the sudden power coming in the direction of the south-east imperial Snow capital, lifting up a monstrous wave, and all yuan qi were constantly surging.

The War God of Youyan Pass had always remained calm and collected even when facing the millions of troops of the Snow Ground Demon Court.

Ye Congyun had been following Lu Zhaoge for more than a year and had never seen his master so agitated.

……

At the same time.

In the northernmost of Heaven Wasteland, The Snow Ground Demon Court.

At the top of the mysterious ice tower.

An old man who had just issued dozens of military orders suddenly froze, his eyes filled with shock.

“It's him!” The old man was both shocked and very puzzled, and unconsciously revealed a pained expression, “how... could it be him....”

……

The northwest edge of the Snow Empire.

The Desert Brute Race Imperial Court.

On a black altar, the Brute King suddenly quivered. The green light in his eyes began to wander and changed strangely in fear.

“He... it's him... he's back?” The Brute King's heart was trembling with dismay. His face was crossed with fear and panic, and for a moment he ignored the puzzled glances of the dozens of brute warriors below the altar.

……

In the depths of the Snow Empire's northeast forest border.

The White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race Imperial Court.

On the offering platform of the Brute Race.

Sensing the mighty and violently surging oppressive power, a black-robed elder in front of the sacred altar suddenly went motionless, as though a great sense of panic and shock had drowned him like a tide.

Next to him, a silver dragon-shaped flame gradually condensed into a substantial matter, as if it had suddenly swallowed the black demonic flame and was about to soar into the air.

The old man's eyes were dull and lifeless, staring at the dancing silver dragon and muttering to himself, “This day, really had come...”

……

West of the Snow Empire, the Hurricane Wave Demon Court.

On the originally calm and peaceful sea surface there were sudden raging waves. The wind roared, rolling up a sea tornado and frantically lifting up monstrous waves that towered into the sky.

In the midst of the slamming waves, a burly figure, whose back of the neck was covered with golden fins, was steadily standing in the waves.

His eyes were fixed in the direction of the faintly discernible light pillar in the west of the Snow Empire. His body had transformed out an armour of fine golden scales from his fear instinct, and as golden boots wrapped his feet there was a sticky viscous liquid linking up his two feet.

“Unexpectedly, this day came... so soon...” The faint trembling voice of the shadow in the midst of the raging waves sounded devastated——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 624:


Chapter 642, Monitor the whole world



Meanwhile——

In the Light Palace.



In the dazzling stone palace, the strange ancient formations of the God and Demon Age were frequently flashing, before finally erupting in a sacred, silver glow, which completely covered the inner walls of the stone palace. But this time it greatly differed from the previous markings.

This time the eruption of formation markings seemed to have gushed out from the stonewalls and depths of the ground. In a short moment, the walls of the entire stone palace were like dried up and cracking ground, and the cracks were like tears on the skin.



While the strange power of the stone palace was solidified in the air like a gelatinous matter, covering the entire stone palace.



Ye Qingyu activated his divine sense and was amazed.

“This time the formations actually grew out from the stone palace...”



While observing the changes of the palace, he continued gripping the armrest of the stone chair, pouring in pure yuan qi power endlessly.



The next moment, strange changes appeared.

The huge jade stone table in front of him was flashing a strange brilliance, and almost immediately this brilliance formed into a grid-like shadow that slowly unfolded.



Ye Qingyu looked overjoyed.



“Map of the Universe!”



He exclaimed.



One year ago, Ye Qingyu had accidentally opened the Map of the Universe. The stone monkey said to him that this map was a treasure. When activated, all the scenery, buildings, and living beings as well as the sky, ground, sun, moon, and stars would be included in it, and the tens of thousands of kingdoms of the universe could be seen by the controller.



But because a year ago Ye Qingyu's cultivation was restrained, the Map of the Universe only mapped out the landscape and human figures, and some rune formations and more advanced places were shown as shadows.



This time the Map of the Universe on the jade stone table was much clearer than the last time.



On the map on the jade tabletop, the topography was forming across and unexpectedly went beyond the location of the Snow capital at a very rapid speed.



With the passage of time, this grid-like projection gradually became substantial matter.



After a few moments.



The originally shiny and smooth stone table gradually, as though carved by countless knives at the same time, was merged with a layer of high and low terrain.



Fire Tree Woods...



Light City...



The ancestral land of the Imperial family...



Armoured soldier base...



Snow capital...



Ye Qingyu stared intently at the map that was increasingly spreading across, his eyes flashing a pleasantly surprised look.



After another moment.



Wei City...



Qin City...



Huaiyang City...



A growing number of the landscapes of cities and towns ruled by the Snow Empire surfaced.....



“Deer City and county!”



Here, Ye Qingyu looked overjoyed.



He fixed his eyes on the city and buildings that had shrank in size accordingly, and finally his eyes fell on a residence in Deer City, which he immediately recognized it to be the former Ye residence.

There was more.

After a few moments.



The sand table projection was spreading continuously in all directions, giving rise to the terrain and landform of Heaven Wasteland Domain.



Desert...



Sea…

Primitive jungle…



“It's the frontier!” Ye Qingyu exclaimed, staring at the borders emerging on the rapidly extending sand table map. His eyes lit up with excitement, “The Map of the Universe is still constantly expanding, would it... would it include all the territories of Heaven Wasteland Domain?”



In less than a few moment’s time.

“Hurricane Wave Demon Court!” Ye Qingyu cried out in surprise.



In the southernmost end of Heaven Wasteland, the Hurricane Wave Demon Court and the vast South Sea appeared before his eyes.



There was more.



The Northwest Desert Brute Race Imperial Court...

The White Waters Black Mountains Brute Race Imperial Court...

The Snow Ground Demon Court...



The terrain and landform of the entire Heaven Wasteland were all presented on the stone table, and whether it was the mountains, forests, rivers, or palaces, and even the buildings, the streets, and the walking figures in each area were all lifelike, like they were recreated.

The true mystery of the Map of the Universe at this moment was a great shock to Ye Qingyu.



At this time, looking at the sand table projection, which seemed as though Heaven Wasteland Domain had been shrank tens of thousands of times, he could not help praising the peerless War God that countless experts of Heaven Wasteland feared. Given his cultivation, the Map of the Universe should be much more vast and in detail than his right now, and even the voids of the universe and other domains may be shown…

Another half an hour had passed.



As he continued injecting his yuan qi into the chair, Ye Qingyu finally felt a little exhausted.



The sand table also gradually became stagnant and no more changes were seen.

At this time, Ye Qingyu breathed a sigh of relief.

He slowly rose to his feet, came to before the jade stone table, restrained his excitement, and began to carefully observe the sandtable of Heaven Wasteland's area.



The shadows of the sand table covered the entire stone table, the mountains and rivers and town and cities were dotted all over the places, and the huge and grand Snow capital was as small as a grain of sesame seed on the table. The terrain of the Heaven Wasteland Domain and all the town buildings were presented clearly, and the scene shocked Ye Qingyu once again.

“Unexpectedly, as a very young domain, Heaven Wasteland Domain has such a complex layout and topography...”

Ye Qingyu then carefully examined some of the more important official residences and palaces. He remembered that one year ago, the several places that were protected by formations on the model were only shadows.

“I remember the stone monkey said that the map is projected based on the ability of the controller. The higher the cultivation base, the more detailed the topography and the clearer it is...”



His gaze panned across the Map of the Universe.

In the palace of the Snow Empire...



Pass Lord's residence...



The sacred altar of the White Water Black Mountain Brute Race...

Ye Qingyu gradually revealed an overjoyed look.



More and more forbidden palace and areas as well as the places watched by experts appeared clearly on the sand table. There were only a few places, such as the four major foreign race demon courts, the depths of some deep mountain and rivers, and some mysterious places that were not presented clearly on the Map of the Universe. These places were all shadows shrouded by ancient formations, like a layer of black veil was covering the overhead of the area.

“Huh?”



As his gaze shifted.



Ye Qingyu's eyes suddenly landed on the Deer City area.



An old man with frosty white hair and cheeks flushing was panting as he ran down a dirty alley.



“Grandpa, slow down.” Behind the old man was a healthy-looking and graceful girl carrying a medicine box following behind.



“Qingqing, quickly, Aunt Liu has been waiting for a long time...” The old man wiped his sweat and urged the young woman behind him, gasping for breaths.



At the end of the street.

A middle-aged woman in an ordinary grey dress and head wrapped in a blue cloth was anxiously peering around.

Suddenly her eyes lit up, excitedly exclaiming, “Doctor Li, quickly come take a look at Qu’er!”



Ye Qingyu separated out a divine sense that transformed to a doppelganger and stood in the alley.



He looked at the two figures that gradually disappeared at the end of the street, his mouth slightly curved upwards in a smile.



Immediately Ye Qingyu began to look around.

He was amazed to discover that all the noises in the buildings, on the streets, as well as the footsteps of people and the barking of distant dogs... were emerged in detail in the mind of his real body.



Not only that, but at this moment the shadow of his doppelganger standing on the street and looking at the scene in front was as if he really was situated in the streets of Deer City.

“Is this the real power of the Map of the Universe that the stone monkey mentioned? It can swallow the world, and even if it is a wide area, the littlest detail will be shown?” Ye Qingyu could not help but marvel. He suddenly realized something. His pupils rapidly shrank, “That means, at this moment, the Map of the Universe can really monitor the entire world...”



This function was really... too terrifying.



The strategic significance of the Map of the Universe was simply unimaginable.



At this moment, Ye Qingyu suddenly understood why the War God back then could create so many glorious achievements, clean out the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, and establish the Human Race to an invincible emperor status in the Heaven Wasteland Domain. He also came to understand why he could suppress the major foreign forces for so many years, and make all top experts of any domain terror-stricken at his appearance...

A peerless martial artist relies on battle strength to suppress countless people. But to rule a domain, to make all foreign races surrender, just by having unique cultivation, battle strength and strategy were not enough.



But evidently the peerless War God in the past had all of these attributes.



The Map of the Universe that can be used at any time to gain insight into the world, and the Divine Sword of Light, whose power could shake the sun and moon, represented the world’s sharpest sword and the strongest shield of the peerless War God.



All livings things in the world, who would dare to disobey?

The terrifying use of the Map of the Universe made Ye Qingyu unable to free himself for a good while.



The deeper mystery of this epiphany was creeping up in his mind, like tentacles reaching out to his heart and lungs, dantian and his hundred of bones.



Just then——



A strange wave came from the direction of the southernmost waters on the sand table.



The fluctuation suddenly awakened Ye Qingyu, who was plunged into deep contemplation. He immediately separated out a wisp of divine sense into the Hurricane Wave Demon Court of the South Sea.

……



In the sky of the Hurricane Wave Demon Court.



In the overcast sky, bolts of lightning struck down from the thick clouds, vertically piercing into the seabed.

Boom! Boom! Boom!



Bursts of explosions consecutively sounded from the water surface. The sea that was struck by lightning, like a giant mine was thrown in, all of a sudden there were mist and steam rising into the air and waves of heat were being emitted from the water.



The rumble of thunder was as though countless balls of iron were rolling back and forth on an iron plate.



And the countless aquatic creatures on the seabed were tumbling among the waves. A number of raging waves crashed down, shooting all kinds of fish and sea creatures to the surface, instantly turned to powder.



Deep in the sea.



An aquatic army of tens of thousands of water demons mutated to different degrees was patrolling the sea.



Most of the water demon creatures in the army had a degree of human face, but some of the characteristics of water demon creatures had not yet completely faded.



Some had thorn-like fins on their back, some had a layer of armour-like scales covering their body, some had tentacle-like feet, and some had a hat-like fish shell on their heads...

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

