Chapter 797:


Chapter 814 - Stone Spear Ancestor



Indeed, Ye Qingyu looked like he could not endure for much longer.

It was not just the one expert, but also many of the surrounding experts, who noticed this. There were also several Immortal Step realm experts who sensed that Ye Qingyu was losing blood qi and vitality at a crazy rate while the yuan qi movement in his body had become unstable. Even the incredibly-mystical cauldron was now in a state of exhaustion, its yellow radiance and ancient patterns sometimes bright and sometimes dull.

For some unknown reason, many people felt terribly pitiful of Ye Qingyu.

This truly-miraculous youth was one step away from creating a miracle, but unfortunately, things could only be decided by true strength in this cold and merciless martial world that went by the law of the jungle. If had he possessed that little bit more strength and entered the Saint - or even the Half-Saint - realm, those Black Moon Divine Palace talents and monsters who coveted his treasures would have turned into ashes already.

It reality was a tad too cruel to this gifted youth.

With his downfall, one could imagine what would happen to a pillar-less Heaven Wasteland Domain, its members, and the empress who was said to possess true Human Race imperial qi - they would certainly be plunged into great misery and suffering.

In the Black Moon Divine Palace’s representative station.

"Little imp, let's see how long you can endure for." A terrifying expert, who concealed himself within a dark-green mist, sensed Ye Qingyu's deterioration and laughed grimly. "While you might've wanted to trap and kill us, it's unfortunate that your strength doesn't match your nerve. Keke, after killing you, your treasures will become ours. When that time comes, we'll certainly treat the beings of the Heaven Wasteland Domain very well. They shall pay the price for your actions today, kekekeke!"

"That's right. We'll slaughter every being of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, and their blood shall smear the mountains and rivers," another trapped elderly Great Saint-level expert concurred. His face was covered in a black iron mask and his entire body was wreathed in black light, such that his face and identity were also concealed. However, from his sinister and cruel tone, it was apparent that he harbored an intense hatred for Ye Qingyu.

In fact, every expert caught in the [Red Lotus Hellfire] wished for nothing more currently than to cut Ye Qingyu into ten thousand pieces. To be trapped here as part of his plot was the greatest shame of their lives. Given their strength, cultivation, status, and experience, they would certainly become laughing stocks now that countless pairs of eyes had witnessed them being tricked by a lower domain bastard of a later generation and seen their resultant abject and embarrassing states. Rather than reflecting on how they came to be trapped here, they were instead vowing angrily to take revenge by turning the Heaven Wasteland Domain into seas of blood and mountains of corpses once they got out of here.

Ye Qingyu was bathed in blood all over.

He could also sense the decline of his vitality.

How fucking unreliable is this Shuang Wuyan? Why isn't he done yet?

He cursed anxiously in his heart.

If this went on, he would have no more strength to pin down Zhong Yuan and the others within ten minutes, and once they escaped, the day's plans would be completely in vain. Having so severely offended these jackals, much as he was not afraid of them, the Heaven Wasteland Domain would probably be unable to withstand the torture unleashed by them, and would thereby fall afoul of endless trouble.

No matter how high the price I pay, I must hold them down today.

Countless ideas flashed like lightning across his mind.

After contemplating for several breaths' worth of time, he made his final decision.

With a jolt of his thoughts, he summoned a jug of god-level yuan liquid which was stored in the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Then, he readily gulped down a mouthful of it.

The god-level yuan liquid was a treasure which he had obtained from the Underground Moon Immortal Palace of the Clear River Domain. According to Old Fish, it was a legacy left by the Lightning Emperor of old and was thus of absolute authenticity and purity, belonging to the class of supreme origin crystal divine objects. The divine spiritual energy contained in just one drop of it would take an Immortal Step realm expert a year to fully absorb, and could enhance one's strength to the maximum degree. Except for that silly dog Little Nine whose stomach was akin to a bottomless pit, anyone else who tried to gulp down an entire mouthful as Ye Qingyu did would simply be courting death.

Indeed, as soon as the god-level yuan liquid entered his throat, he initially felt a warm current spread into his limbs and bones, making him feel comfortable like never before. The shatteringly-painful injuries on his body could no longer be felt at once. However, this feeling that everything was well lasted only for an instant, after which the warm current became scorching hot and the comfortable feeling became a hard-to-describe excruciating pain, as if millions of sharp needles were prowling through his body.

"Fuck..." Ye Qingyu was in so much pain that his mouth became foul.

He knew that this was the divine power in the god-level yuan liquid bursting out within his body.

If this boundlessly terrifying power was allowed to erupt as it pleased, there was a chance that his body would explode from it, and he would thus die with not a single remaining bone, constituting an even more miserable death than those people who were burned by the [Red Lotus Hellfire].

Therefore, the only thing he could do right now was to try expelling this power from his body as fast as possible.

The inhibition caused by the [Cloud Top Cauldron] meant that his body could at least hold off from exploding for some time. Operating the [True Will of the Sky Dragon], he transformed into a silver Sky Dragon and instantly raised the endurance of his physical body to the maximum. He then frenziedly cast the one hundred and eight-word incantation to fire up the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and sent it smashing forth.

He forcefully shifted the eruption of the god-level yuan liquid's power into the [Cloud Top Cauldron], of which the ancient patterns on its surface abruptly gave off an intense splendor.

At the same time, a strange change which even he had not expected occurred.

From among the ancient patterns, an ancestor figure which was holding a stone spear emerged directly and turned into a phantom giant that stood behind Ye Qingyu like a protective deity, shrouding him with its indistinct shadow. Although it did not have a face and could not be seen clearly, a prehistoric aura emanated from it and curled all around his body.

He instantly felt the pain brought about by the wildly-erupting god-level yuan liquid in his body abating, and vaguely felt that this stone spear ancestor was blessing his body's interior with some kind of mysterious power.

Swish!

Without thinking further, he seized the moment when the eruption of the god-level yuan liquid's power was at its peak state, and, together with the [Cloud Top Cauldron], turned it into a beam of bright splendor which struck toward the expert in dark-green mist.

Its speed, power, and splendor at this instant were god-knows-how-many-times stronger than it was previously.

"How? This power..."

Amid the dark-green mist, the countenance of the Great Saint who had resolved to massacre the Heaven Wasteland Domain changed dramatically. Sensing the terrifying power carried by the giant cauldron, he immediately knew that the situation was no good. Not even in his wildest imaginations did he believe that a spent Ye Qingyu could yet exert such power.

Sensing the coming of danger, he could not help but panic.

"Littlle imp, are you trying to kill me? You must be dreaming."

Letting out a loud roar, he did not care to withstand the threat of the [Red Lotus Hellfire], and instantly burst out a matchless power. Accompanied by chains of formations, a terrifying Great Saint pressure diffused from his body. An emerald-colored splendor dyed half of the sky in green as seemingly-material emerald ancient formations gathered endlessly in front of his body and turned into archean Yin-Yang patterns, forming a giant shield that wanted to block Ye Qingyu's strike head-on.

"Old fool, you wanted to massacre the Heaven Wasteland Domain? Then you'd better die first."

Turning into a dragon, Ye Qingyu crashed heavily into the emerald archean Yin-Yang patterns while protected by that indistinct ancestor.

Boom!

The world shook.

Dazzling emerald radiance spattered all over.

At this instant, countless onlookers squinted their eyes faintly and felt the strange dazzling light flickering at the center of the collision.

A strange feeling flashed across everyone's hearts.

That illusion of an ancestor throwing a spear seemed to possess a mysterious power which captured many people's souls.

The next moment.

Everything was settled.

The green radiance dissipated.

"Ah..." A shrilling cry was then heard.

The green mist-shrouded figure was flailing frantically in the [Red Lotus Hellfire], with red flames spewing from his facial orifices. No matter what secret methods he tried or how much he struggled, nothing could help his cause. An expert like him had accumulated so much bad karma that, once engulfed in the [Red Lotus Hellfire], it was impossible for him to extricate from it.

Evidently, that incredible collision had proved decisive.

This Great Saint-level expert was at a complete disadvantage.

Upon the collision, his protective yuan qi and Great Saint force field were broken and messed up, while he was sent flying and landed within the [Red Lotus Hellfire] which engulfed him during a moment of inattention.

Death was inevitable.

On the other side, Ye Qingyu's condition was a lot better than many people had expected.

This time, he not only spewed no blood, but also met with no feedback force.

He was somewhat surprised that the confrontation this time was this easy. Under the protection of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], this young man in bloodied white clothes was shocked for a moment before quickly regaining his senses, then struck forth and smashed the limbs of the desperately-struggling Great Saint, who eventually turned into sparks and ashes which dissipated among the red flames.

Meanwhile, the phantom of the ancient stone spear ancestor which protected behind Ye Qingyu's back also disappeared.

A bout of sharp pain compellingly spread within Ye Qingyu's body.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 798:


Chapter 815 - What's the Matter?



Ye Qingyu immediately realized that this was because the divine power of the god-level yuan liquid he had gulped down was too volatile, such that it had a destructive effect on his body when it burst out. The aftereffects were highly obvious, and were even more frightening than the strikeback damage earlier.

Thankfully, the risk he took did have a positive effect.

During that earlier instant, he wielded all of the power contained in that mouthful of god-level yuan liquid, resulting in the strange change to the [Cloud Top Cauldron], from which appeared the phantom of the stone spear ancestor that broke through the Great Saint's defenses with one strike.

The phantom was not something he had expected.

Under normal circumstances, even if his vigor steeply increased, he would not be able to so easily defeat the dark-green-mist-covered Great Saint, whose strength remained unimaginable despite his lifespan waning. However, the illusory stone spear hurled by that equally-illusory ancestor instantly shattered the Great Saint's emerald-colored shield and more so his protective Great Saint force field, and thereby completely turned the situation on its head.

This allowed Ye Qingyu to realize suddenly that the secrets and powers contained in the [Cloud Top Cauldron] were even more frightening than he had thought. The momentary eruption of power from the god-level yuan liquid had elevated his power to the level of a pinnacle Saint. In other words, if his true cultivation could reach the Saint level, he would become able to summon the phantom ancestor from the [Cloud Top Cauldron] at any time and unleash its power properly.

Moreover, the surface of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was drawn with several murals, including varied scenes of ancestors offering sacrifices, hunting, setting out on expeditions, and celebrating. The earlier stone spear ancestor figure was but one of the hundreds of hunting ancestors drawn within the hunting mural. Ye Qingyu thus wondered if, given enough strength, he could materialize all of these figures, and if that was so, how powerful would they be.

After pondering briefly, he became excited.

However, this kind of excitement was swiftly displaced by the immense pain in his body.

When the power from that mouthful of god-level yuan liquid was completely expended, he immediately felt that his aura, vigor, and blood qi were retaliatively attenuating. This was the kind of feeling one felt on one's deathbed, thus indicating the horrifying extent of his decline. As his eyelids became heavy, a desire to doze off and not wake for ten days crept upon him.

Feeling a piercing chill in his heart, he drank another mouthful of the god-level yuan liquid without hesitation.

The scorching pain like that from a divine fire arrived once more.

As the divine power in the liquid burst out, it again caused tremendous damage to Ye Qingyu's body. This time, however, he did not take much note of it, knowing that there was no turning back, for all of his previous efforts would be in vain if he was unable to persevere now.

No matter the cost to himself, he knew he had to remain unrelenting in keeping Zhong Yuan and the others trapped within the [Red Lotus Hellfire] until either he or they collapsed. At this time, it had become a contest to see who could tough it out longer.

When the divine power in this mouthful of god-level yuan liquid had completely burst out, he strenuously diverted it into the [Cloud Top Cauldron], following which his rapidly-declining power skyrocketed once more while he seemed to regain vigorous qi and blood. The cauldron glowed in a dazzling bright-yellow splendor...

"How can this happen?"

"This little brat, he..."

"What black magic is this?"

"I know, this cursed one must have used the divine herbs he obtained in the 18th district of the Black Demon Pool to spur the vitality in his body... Dammit, he's an absolute madman!"

The facial expressions of the ten or so experts who were trapped in the [Red Lotus Hellfire] changed dramatically.

Having been warned by what happened earlier, the black-iron-masked Great Saint, who, together with his green-misted counterpart, had provoked Ye Qingyu and threatened to exterminate all of the beings of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, did not expect Ye Qingyu to burst out with this kind of strange power a second time, and thus he could not prevent a sense of fear from arising in his heart. Taking steps backward, he could clearly sense that he was Ye Qingyu's target this time.

He was not wrong, as it proved.

Firing up the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and turning into flowing light, Ye Qingyu charged murderously toward him.

What more so terrified him was that not only did a huge and indistinct phantom of an ancient ancestor appear behind Ye Qingyu's back again, but this time, unlike the earlier stone spear ancestor, this phantom was a figure with both hands raising an oddly-shaped rock above its head, in a posture which suggested it could hurl the rock at any time.

This was also an ancestor figure which was engraved on the mural of the hunting ancestors.

The ancient ancestors used stone spears, rocks, branches, and animal bones as hunting weapons. The hunting mural on the cauldron certainly provided incisive illustrations of their hunting scenes, of which the stone spear ancestor and the rock-raising ancestor were but two among hundreds of ancestors in hunting postures.

The black-masked elderly Great Saint roared angrily as he struck back.

Boom!

A violent bursting noise was heard.

The rock-raising ancestor phantom indistinctly hurled the rock forth.

While being watched by countless pairs of eyes, the black-masked elderly Great Saint screamed as he was sent flying. The Great Saint force field was indeed broken, allowing the [Red Lotus Hellfire] to enter through its every opening and into his body, engulfing him completely...

Yet another Great Saint had fallen.

Gasps were heard all around.

The experts from various factions, all of whom had thought that Ye Qingyu was destined to be drained dead, were astounded by the sudden reversal of the situation.

They looked dumbfoundedly at the white-clothed youth, afraid to imagine how many cards he actually held. He seemed to be born to create miracles, for he made the impossible possible time after time. Many experts became aware that, no matter the day's outcome, the name Ye Qingyu would probably be forever immortalized in the imperial annals of the nineteen cities of chaos.

With only Immortal Step realm cultivation, he had slain nearly a thousand experts, obliterated several dozen Saints, and struck three Great Saints dead. A battle record like this was probably something which even those legendary martial emperors were unable to achieve when they were in this realm.

Realizing this, the hearts of these experts abruptly began to quiver.

They suddenly understood what this meant.

It was no simple miracle to be able to do what no martial emperor had done prior to gaining the Dao. Perhaps, it meant that this youth would one day ascend the pinnacle divine throne of the martial emperor, provided that he did not perish before that.

Having come around to this idea, the experts from the different races gasped involuntarily.

This judgment of theirs was shocking and hard to believe, yet the more they thought about it, the more reasonable and possible they felt it to be.

At the same time, the experts trapped within the [Red Lotus Hellfire] finally perceived the coming of the greatest mortal danger to themselves. They realized that the idea of draining Ye Qingyu to death was a complete mistake, and that if things carried on like this, it would be hard for them to escape being killed.

They were overawed by the insanity and tenacity of this youth.

Indeed, a pack of monsters, which had walked past mountains of corpses and seas of blood and experienced multiple cataclysms, was now being overawed by a youth who had just arrived from a lower domain.

It sounded unbelievable but was in fact true.

Many experts, including Zhong Yuan the Great Saint, were appalled.

Having lived for such a long time, their lifespans were now running out and they already had one foot in the grave. They had experienced what they should have experienced and enjoyed what they should have enjoyed. In their daily lives, they had even begun to mock their own old age. However, this did not imply that they would willingly accept death. In fact, on the contrary, they were even more afraid of death and more reluctant to leave behind the bustle of this world than those young people with exuberant blood qi.

This was why they were terrified.

"Go!"

"Run!"

"Let's get out of here first..."

They were unanimous in their choices.

At the risk of being engulfed by the [Red Lotus Hellfire], the ten or so figures simultaneously scooted in different directions. Despite being terrified, their experience and awareness remained intact. Without prior discussion, they made conforming choices such that Ye Qingyu would be able to hold back and catch at most four of five of them, while keeping all of them back was virtually impossible.

As their figures jolted into motion, their saintly might became positionally unstable and they ran the danger of having the [Red Lotus Hellfire] invade their bodies. Nevertheless, scared out of their wits by Ye Qingyu's insanity and bravery, they no longer cared as much.

"Dammit, these old fools have done it."

Ye Qingyu became antsy.

I absolutely cannot allow these bastards to get away.

Drinking yet another mouthful of the god-level yuan liquid, he repeated the same trick as before. However, just then, his footsteps staggered and his body felt an unprecedented feebleness. His vision blacked out and he began to feel dizzy, as if his body was no longer under his control, before he collapsed softly...

Bam!

A gentle noise was made.

He fell to the ground.

As if it was a spiritual object, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] drooped its bright-yellow sashes down to protect Ye Qingyu as his body collapsed. However, the ancestor patterns on its surface had completely disappeared, and thus its might was no longer as great as before, while its aura rapidly attenuated to less than one-hundredths of what it was previously. It barely withstood the curling burn from the [Red Lotus Hellfire], and could not keep the flames several dozen meters away like it did previously.

"Boom!"

Ye Qingyu's body and the [Cloud Top Cauldron] were together engulfed by the [Red Lotus Hellfire].

Those frantically-fleeing figures did not meet with any impediment this time, and all of them were able to escape to a safe zone outside. Exhaling a long sigh, each of them felt like a disaster survivor and was still badly shaken.

"We're finally out."

The Great Saint Zhong Yuan felt as though his back was near-completely drenched, but this was actually just in the mind. His behavior was similar to any normal person who had faced the peril of death and was overcome by fear.

Ye Qingyu is simply too scary. I have to report back to the palace master as soon as possible. This lower domain kid cannot be underestimated anymore and must be treated with caution, or otherwise, the entire Black Moon Divine Palace would soon be destroyed.

As he thought of this, the Great Saint Zhong Yuan felt bouts of post-event fear.

"Let's get out of here before saying any more. There'll be trouble if this cursed imp catches up." Zhong Yuan had lost the courage to fight on and wanted nothing but to run away.

But, just then, he suddenly sensed something amiss in the surrounding atmosphere.

Neither angry shouts nor chasing footsteps were heard from Ye Qingyu behind.

There was also not a trace of battle intent surging.

Ostensibly, Ye Qingyu had not given chase.

From atop distant buildings, several figures projected scorching rays of light from their eyes toward the [Red Lotus Hellfire] in the Black Moon Divine Palace’s representative station, and slowly surrounded the [Red Lotus Hellfire] like a pack of wild beasts who were about to contend for their prey.

What's going on?

Zhong Yuan subconsciously turned his head back to look.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 799:


Chapter 816 - Decree of the Quasi-Emperor



Subsequently, Zhong Yuan watched in astonishment as Ye Qingyu, who had been as unstoppable as a killing god, collapsed silently into the flames, seemingly unconscious and completely motionless. Judging from his look, he would promptly be incinerated by the blazing [Red Lotus Hellfire] was it not for the cauldron's protection.

What's going on?

Seeing this scene, Zhong Yuan's first reaction was not one of delight.

Instead, he was somewhat puzzled.

He had been thoroughly traumatized after falling for Ye Qingyu's schemes multiple times, allowing Ye Qingyu to annihilate the Black Moon Divine Palace elites gathered here. The deaths of several thousand disciples and five Saints proved to be a most painful lesson. Therefore, his initial reaction this time was not to feel that an opportunity had arrived, but was instead to be afraid that this was another one of Ye Qingyu's ploys that sought to lure him to turn back and fall into a deathly trap.

He knew just how much Ye Qingyu hated the Black Moon Divine Palace experts like him.

The latter was the first person since time immemorial to frighten a Great Saint-level being to this extent.

In fact, it was not just Zhong Yuan, but also many other experts, who were frightened.

At this time, all of the experts displayed a curious hesitation in unplanned unison, and none of them rushed forth to tussle for Ye Qingyu's treasures. On one hand, this was because the [Red Lotus Hellfire] had yet to dissipate, while on the other hand, they, like Zhong Yuan, had been scared silly by Ye Qingyu's might and methods earlier, and were afraid of being duped by him once more.

However, Zhong Yuan ultimately did not choose to flee with abandon.

Feeling somewhat lucky, he paused his footsteps and observed with great caution.

The experts who had rushed out together with him did the same. Although fearful of Ye Qingyu, they remained unwilling to pass up any possible opportunity, and thus began to operate their yuan qi on the spot and observe carefully.

The experts from various factions, who had been watching these developments from the periphery of the Black Moon Divine Palace’s representative station, also followed suit.

People's inner desires were always so easy to draw on.

If something had really happened to Ye Qingyu, some of the earlier onlookers would also scramble for his divine treasures. After all, if he was truly dead, those treasures would become ownerless, and would not count as being taken away by force or trickery. This certainly did not violate any heavenly principle and was morally justifiable.

Time passed so slowly that every second felt like an age of its own.

Gradually, many pairs of eyes lit up.

This was because they discovered that the ferocity of the [Red Lotus Hellfire] was subsiding at a visible speed, and eventually, the fallen [Cloud Top Cauldron] automatically kept these terrifying flames back within itself. After several dozen breaths' worth of time, the [Red Lotus Hellfire] completely vanished.

"What's happening?"

"It kept the flames back."

"Hmm... this shouldn't be a pretense."

"The splendor on that giant cauldron has vanished as well. It's powerless and seems to have fallen into stillness. Perhaps Ye Qingyu has lost control of it because his injuries are too serious."

"That's quite likely. After all, his injuries from that earlier battle were indeed serious."

Several people exchanged looks.

If this, the fall of an Immortal Step realm expert, had taken place in the past, the surrounding experts, who each had seen innumerable bloodsheds, would certainly not be this scrupulous. Now, however, not a single figure dared to walk up for some time. After all, on that stretch of land ahead which did not reach ten kilometers in length, four Great Saints, more than ten Saints, and several thousand elite disciples of the Black Moon Divine Palace had perished in just half a day. Save for the youth in bloodied white clothes, anyone else who walked on to that seemingly-demonic stretch of land could possibly drop dead.

There were those who worried that this was part of Ye Qingyu's entrapment scheme.

They believed that, seeing his adversaries escape with no way of being stopped, Ye Qingyu chose to feign death so as to lure them back before slaying them one after another and burying them here. Although he might appear to be lying dead on the ground right now, it would only take this miracle-creating youth a moment to leap back up and obliterate everything.

The atmosphere was strange like never before.

And somewhat intriguingly awkward.

Bam.

Finally, someone who could bear it no longer kicked a rock into flight.

Unexpectedly, it smashed right on to the surface of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], giving off a long metallic noise which was followed by no subsequent movement.

A hint of joy flashed across several pairs of eyes.

That the giant cauldron had lost even its most basic strikeback protective power could only mean that it was out of control, and in other words, Ye Qingyu was truly unconscious... In any case, the likelihood of this was very, very high.

The temptation eventually proved too great, causing someone to take the risk.

A flickering figure zipped toward the giant cauldron like an electric flowing light.

After several bobs, the figure finally landed beside the giant cauldron and carefully operated his yuan power. Then, with utmost caution, he reached a hand out and gave a gentle push. The cauldron was instantly pushed open, revealing that clipped at its base was Ye Qingyu's near-disintegrated and badly-mangled figure, of which the aura was faint and the blood qi was barely visible...

He was indeed unconscious.

Overjoyed, this figure raised a hand to grab a little something from Ye Qingyu.

"Is he really dead?"

"Haha, this is a godsend."

"I'll kill anyone who dares to vie with me."

Angry roars were heard.

Virtually at the same time, several other experts who had been quietly watching also could not hold themselves back upon seeing such a scene. As they acted concurrently, beams of aurora light shot forth. Someone killed the figure who was nearest to Ye Qingyu, while someone else operated a magical ability to send others flying off and created a giant phantom yuan qi hand which grabbed at Ye Qingyu's mangled body...

Bam!

The figure who had opened the [Cloud Top Cauldron] became the target of many experts and was instantly turned into slime.

Countless figures reached beside Ye Qingyu.

Operating his power frenziedly, Zhong Yuan sent three or four figures flying before raising a hand to take away the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Meanwhile, someone stepped on Ye Qingyu's body...

It all seemed like things could no longer be salvaged.

Just then, a strange change occurred.

A beam of green brilliance shone down from the Void.

This beam of green light did not contain any terrifying aura, destructive power, or power of law, and seemed completely ordinary. However, all of the scrambling experts within a hundred meters of Ye Qingyu's body, whether they be near-invincible Great Saints or mysterious experts who held rare treasures, were instantly pushed away with no room for resistance, like grains of sand being washed off by a wave...

"What's happening?"

"This..."

"What power, this is..."

"Who did this?"

A hard-to-restrain bout of astonished cries rang out.

Seeing the treasures they had gotten hold of being lost, all of the experts felt like their hearts had been slit by a knife. They could not comprehend what kind of power this beam of green brilliance was, for it did not carry any pressure or force yet was as irresistible as fate itself.

Ye Qingyu's figure, as well as the [Cloud Top Cauldron] that nearly fell into Zhong Yuan's hands, remained at their original spots.

"That's...?"

Someone pointed toward the sky and exclaimed.

All of the experts raised their heads to look at the sky.

What they saw was that a green-skinned and bald-headed fat man had surreptitiously appeared in the Void a hundred meters above, with his head lowered to look at the crowd below. He did not seem to have the manner of an expert, nor did his body emit any terrifying aura.

"Pass the Quasi-emperor's decree that Ye Qingyu of the Heaven Wasteland Domain's Human Race has performed meritoriously and is found not guilty of any wrongdoings. For a hundred days, no being within the Vast Thousand Domains shall cause him any trouble."

This fat man clearly had on a proud and boastful face which could not be concealed. However, he painstakingly put on a solemn look while delivering this proclamation to the experts below.

As soon as he spoke.

A beam of green light flowed down from a piece of broken clothing in his raised right hand into Ye Qingyu's unconscious body, which subsequently became shrouded by a cloud of green mist that seemed to mend its injuries.

The surrounding experts stared speechless at one another.

They did not recognize who this fat man was.

However, his words shocked them.

A Quasi-emperor decree?

Did he actually mention a Quasi-emperor decree?

Is he for real?

According to the legends, the martial emperor was the last person to gain domination over the entire universe. Absolutely matchless, he could enforce justice on behalf of the heavens, and represented universal will in designating rules. Any decree he passed became iron law that was not to be violated, and any violating party would be terribly punished either by having their fate pared down or their good fortune reduced, or being struck dead by the martial emperor himself.

Although a Quasi-emperor was not a martial emperor in the true sense, they, too, possessed the capability of communicating with the entire universe and the qualification to enforce justice on behalf of the heavens. They thus could represent the universe and lay down decrees with similar power to those of a martial emperor.

In recent times, no martial emperor had emerged, while Quasi-emperors had been few and far between. Occasionally, a questionable Quasi-emperor would pop up for a fleeting moment, but they did not possess the ability to issue decrees. This was why such a decree had not appeared in this world for several thousand years.

Why has it made a reappearance today?

The experts were highly uncertain.

Staring at the broken piece of clothing that the fat man raised above his head, a few relatively-older experts revealed shocked and fearful expressions. The clothing itself was nothing special and was made of green linen that did not contain any divine power. However, the gently-panning green light was exactly the same as the green splendor which had driven everyone away earlier. This feeling caused them to recall an age which was ruled by human Heaven's prideling, and then to think associatively about the news which spread on the Fierce Beast Peak not too long ago...

"Is it... [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]?"

Zhong Yuan was the first to react.

Due to being excessively shocked and alarmed, his voice was rather strange and hoarse, sounding as if someone was covering his mouth as he spoke with a dry throat.

Then, every figure seemed to become petrified.

Not a peep was heard throughout the world.

Complete silence.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]?

These words rang explosively with booms and buzzes in everyone's hearts and minds, numbing their bodies and wiping their minds completely blank, thereby rendering them devoid of all thinking ability.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 800:


Chapter 817 - Li Family of the Ming Domain



When the words "[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]" were hollered, those experts who had been clueless about what was going on began to understand as well.

Because of the events that happened on the Fierce Beast Peak earlier, the arrival of a Quasi-emperor decree had been foreshadowed and was not out of the bounds of logic.

The experts could not look at the fat man in quite the way same again. Even his shifty and wretched appearance now seemed to have gained a dose of mystery, nobility, and respect. Under the green brilliance that shone from the tattered green linen clothing in his hand, his figure abruptly became taller than before.

"Are you all still not going to step back?"

While still raising the tattered clothing, the fat man gradually descended until he stood beside Ye Qingyu. With a sneering face of ridicule, he looked at the experts of various races and manifold expressions, saying, "Alright, I've made known the decree from my family ancestor in its original wording. Hoho, I know that many of you are feeling defiant toward it, but... muahahaha, what can you do when you're inferior in strength? Anger and greed without strength are deadly sins. My family ancestor has made himself very clear. He will protect Brother Ye Qingyu, and will personally show up to squash all of you dead if you remain defiant and covetous of Brother Ye Qingyu's treasures. Of course, if any one of you thinks that you can confront a Quasi-emperor, be my guest and carry on, heh heh."

The fat man spoke in a cocky tone that was asking for a beating-up.

He showed not even the slightest respect for the countless experts around.

However, he had the capital to behave in this manner.

After all, he was backed by a Quasi-emperor.

The surrounding experts of diverse races could not get angry. Even the super, first-rate forces of the contemporary age had to leave a wide berth and show face to anyone, or any dog, that was backed by a Quasi-emperor, let alone someone who addressed [Quasi-Emperor Xiaofei] as an ancestor. And, right now, it had been made obvious that this fat man was indeed a bloodline descendant of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

A Quasi-emperor could alone prop up a super force.

A Quasi-emperor was essentially an impassable mountain peak.

If everything was true, this unruly fat man would certainly be able to move and do as he pleased within the Vast Thousand Domains in the days to come. From this perspective, his current attitude was not at all arrogant and was even somewhat friendly and modest.

"Young swordsman, how should I address you?" Among the crowd, a relatively-elder human expert seemed rather animated as he cupped his hands in respect and asked for the green-skinned fat man's name.

"I'm Li Shengyan, a descendant of the Li family of the Ming Domain." The fat man's expression became solemn. While mentioning his family and domain, he became serious for the first time, his eyes revealing a hint of pride yet also of sorrow. However, this lasted for only a flash, after which he laughed callously once more.

Li Shengyan?

Hearing this, every expert made some mental associations and swiftly ascertained this fat man's identity.

The [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] full name was Li Xiaofei, and he was indeed from the Li family of the Ming Domain. He rose within the Vast Thousand Domains and became unstoppable for a thousand years, after which he went missing. The Li family continued to enjoy a period of glory but suffered a rapid decline eventually. It was said that they were secretly conspired against by an old enemy of Li Xiaofei and became history amid cruel oppression. Every descendant of the Li family was believed to have died, and thus the existence of this fat man was a huge surprise.

For some time, the facial expressions of every surrounding expert became odd.

In particular, some foreign race experts felt a mix of indocility and fear, and did not know what to say.

Conversely, the elderly human who spoke earlier appeared extremely excited, saying, "Heaven has eyes, a Quasi-emperor of my race has emerged once more. Hahaha, let's see who still dares to trouble the Human Race. Young brother, I wonder, where and in what condition is His Highness the Quasi-emperor right now? There was a rumor that His Highness reaped tremendous gains in the 18th district of the Black Demon Pool. I wonder if this is indeed so."

A few human experts beside the old man also looked happy.

Li Shengyan could tell that the old man was speaking honestly and was genuinely pleased about Li Xiaofei's reemergence. Smiling faintly, he replied, "My ancestor is paying visits to a few old friends one by one. Senior, I'm sure that you've heard about the Li family's fortunes in recent years. My family has never dared for a moment to forget the kindness of old friends, and so the first thing Ancestor did when he got out was to visit them. Hoho, as for his condition, I was unable to see clearly owing to my poor eyesight. However, Ancestor commented that his time in the 18th district was not a waste, which should mean that he gained a lot there."

After a brief daze, the elderly human expert understood at once. Realizing that his questions were a tad rude, he hurriedly cupped his hands and said, "When His Highness ruled the world, I was only a swordschild in the Sword Ask Sect, and had no chance to witness His Highness' supreme bearing with my own eyes. However, I learned that His Highness' decrees were inviolable, while everywhere he went, foreign races submitted in fear. Thanks to his blessings, the Human Race once enjoyed a golden age of great prosperity, with geniuses being born in succession. Comparable to the age of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, it was called the [Xiaofei Age], and remains fondly remembered. I'd never imagined that, with my lifespan nearly up, I'd be able to hear the good news of His Highness' reemergence one more time. I certainly cannot be happier. Young brother, please relay to His Highness that the Sword Ask Sect is willing to accept and will not decline any orders, be it to journey to Heaven or battle in Hell."

Hearing this, Li Shengyan was visibly moved and hurriedly returned a salute, "Junior fully appreciates Senior's sincerity."

Sighing repeatedly, the old man turned and departed calmly together with the people beside him.

"We, the Heavens Pavillion, are also willing to take orders from His Highness Xiaofei."

"The Sword Hide Valley is equally willing."

"Haha, as long as His Highness says the word, the three hundred human sects of the Exquisite Jade Realm, will absolutely not decline."

One after another, several human sects followed the example of the old man from the Sword Ask Sectand displayed their vehement excitement.

Without saying too much, the fat man grinned to express his gratitude.

In a twinkling, many experts and forces obeyed the decree of the Quasi-emperor and left. Among them were several foreign race forces, who, after doing some weighing of options, were unwilling to risk displeasing a Quasi-emperor and thus chose to leave.

Soon, the considerably-crowded surroundings of the Black Moon Divine Palace’s representative station became a lot emptier.

The tense atmosphere attenuated by more than sixty percent.

"Hoho, I never knew Ye Qingyu is favored by [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. I must've made a mistake earlier. Although I'm no human, I greatly appreciate Ye Qingyu's talents and courage. Haha, the Human Race should be thankful that a Quasi-emperor is protecting him. This young man will surely become a pillar of the Human Race in the future. Hahaha, in that case, I can rest easy... I still have other matters to attend to, and so shall take my leave first."

A Great Saint cupped his hands and laughed hollowly in a rather awkward manner.

He was one of the Great Saints who was nearly trapped and killed by Ye Qingyu after entering the Black Moon Divine Palace’s representative station. But now, there was no point for him to offer any other reason, and so he decided to admit defeat and leave after saying a few formalities.

Bowing to a Quasi-emperor was nothing to be ashamed of.

Following this precedent, the other Great Saints and mysterious experts who were nearly burned to death by Ye Qingyu also had little choice but to express their compliance with the decree and leave after offering a few civilities.

Li Shengyan did not show any gratitude to these people, and simply looked coldly at them without saying anything.

This was because he knew perfectly well that these people shared a mutual hatred with Ye Qingyu. Without needing to mention anything else, they had sided with the Black Moon Divine Palace and twisted the knife into Ye Qingyu, who would certainly not allow the matter to rest in the coming days. Since these people were designated as enemies, there was no need for Li Shengyan to offer them any courtesy.

The crowd kept on growing smaller.

Nobody dared to test the might of the Quasi-emperor.

The Highest Elder of the Black Moon Divine Palace, Great Saint Zhong Yuan, revealed a countenance that was a mix of green and red. His heart felt like it had been repeatedly stabbed by an invisible sharp blade, while his face felt like it had been slapped swollen. He thought about leaving yet was also a little afraid to do so. After all, the Black Moon Divine Palace was the instigator of the attacks on Ye Qingyu. Although the others had managed to leave easily without being held accountable by the Quasi-emperor's descendant, Zhong Yuan did not believe that he, too, could walk away just by saying a few polite words.

He vowed inwardly that if time could be reversed, he would not choose to take on Ye Qingyu and the Heaven Wasteland Domain even if there were even more promised benefits for doing so. He would rather die than see the Black Moon Divine Palace walk onto a path of madness which went against the will of a Quasi-emperor.

After all, the Black Moon Divine Palace was also a human sect.

Unfortunately, it was all too late.

Zhong became lost in deep dismay and remorse.

Meanwhile, a cry of pain was heard from the side. Under the shine of the strange green light, Ye Qingyu slowly regained consciousness, grimacing as he uttered two cries. Then, he abruptly leaped up and cautiously studied his surroundings. When his sights fell upon Li Shengyan, his tense expression promptly relaxed, as if a load was taken off his mind, and his eyes became bright.

"Damn you fatty, why did you take so long to come? I nearly died..." Ye Qingyu flopped down on the ground and clearly did not have the strength to stand up. Nevertheless, he was in a highly relaxed mood as he cursed incessantly, and did not show any respect to Li Shengyan, this descendant of the Quasi-emperor.

When they saw this, the complexions of many experts who were still watching the scene from afar began to change slightly.

Because, if Ye Qingyu dared to scold the fat man like that, it could only mean...

That he knew the fat man extremely well, sharing with him a deep friendship that was hard for common folk to imagine.

Indeed, after being scolded by Ye Qingyu, Li Shengyan swiftly turned face and laughed apologetically, saying, "Elder Brother, this can't be blamed on me. After receiving the decree from Ancestor, I rushed here as fast as I could against all risks... Besides, I did manage to reach in time, didn't I? If I'd arrived earlier, those bastards would've shat their pants without dealing with you first, and in that case, you wouldn't have the chance to gain fame by slaying every one of them, no?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

