Chapter 1089:


Chapter 1104 The Ancient Secret


The wisdom accumulated throughout the millennia of the Four Stars Sect's existence was tremendous and diverse. The number of top-class arsenals amounted to a few thousand, and there were also countless numbers of pill factories, weapon stockpiles, and resources. This was not counting those from the branches, divisions, and bases in different domains. All in all, there were probably hundreds of thousands of them. This was the number of assets owned by a super sect.

Even though Spokesperson Li could reallocate resources belonging to the headquarters of the Human Race and he had the elites assigned by the Heaven Wasteland Empire to assist him, the entire process of arranging, allocating, and reorganizing the Four Stars Sect's resources was a lengthy process. Furthermore, he would have to process its huge number of disciples who had surrendered and come up with a plan to fill the huge gaping hole left by the demise of the sect.

The monastery of the Four Stars Sect was directly annexed by the Human Race headquarters.

A new monastery of the sect was set up at another prime location within the Four Stars Domain. Everything had to be rebuilt from the ground up, and basically, it was impossible for the sect to regain its past glory if no amazing talent was produced from its ranks in the future.

Before Ye Qingyu went into seclusion, he told Spokesperson Li not to look for him if there were any matters pertaining to the Four Stars Sect left unresolved. As such, for the next six months, Ye Qingyu remained in isolation within [Guanlan Mountain Manor].

Six months later—

The crops and flowers that Ye Qingyu had planted in the manor had already grown and bloomed. A huge variety of fresh flowers could be seen in the flowerbeds, and the pond was filled with clear, fresh water and healthy looking fish. Many damaged yards, halls, and walls had already been completely restored.

The entire manor looked brand new.

Ye Qingyu had felt a bone-chilling wind blow through the main hall many times. It carried a strange aura and a concealed, chilly power. As it blew through the main hall, even with his immense power, Ye Qingyu could feel his hairs stand on end and his body tremble.

A deathly air pervaded the entire [Guanlan Mountain Manor] when the breeze blew, as if a portal to the Underworld had just been opened.

Perhaps, this is the reason for the disappearance of the anonymous Quasi-emperor and the eight great prodigies going insane?

Ye Qingyu was alarmed.

He had chosen to isolate himself in [Guanlan Mountain Manor] for two reasons. First, it was located in a quiet and secluded spot, and second, he wanted to try uncovering the mystery of the manor. After all, the evil aura that he had first sensed in the manor seemed similar to that of the forces of darkness. As such, he wanted to find out the reason behind the strange presence in [Guanlan Mountain Manor] before he traveled to the Dark Realm and to make sure that he did not leave any potentially dangerous factor behind. If the force of darkness was triggered, the entire Heaven Connect City would be engulfed in danger.

Day after day, time passed.

Ye Qingyu went about his work quietly. At the same time, he observed the frequency and timing of the wind that kept blowing through the main hall of the manor.

Gradually, he began to understand how it worked.

Today—

The moon was dim and the winds were strong. It was quiet all around.

Ye Qingyu was sleeping soundly in the main hall. He opened his eyes suddenly and slowly got up.

The atmosphere in the main hall was extremely eerie.

A cloud of vapor appeared in the middle of the hall, and a ghostly fire circled around it.

"It's different now... Is it finally appearing?"

Ye Qingyu was not alarmed. Instead, he sat on the edge of his stone bed and observed silently. The mysterious breeze blew again, but it did not disperse this time. Evidently, something that had not happened before was going to happen tonight.

At the same time, he could sense a strange barrier that was containing him within the main hall of the manor. It was as if he had been cut off from the outside world, and it would be extremely hard to leave the hall now.

It had turned into a prison.

And he was the prisoner.

Also, an extremely icy and cold aura was circling in the air. He could sense a presence more terrifying than anything else he had ever encountered before, as if there were countless dark lords peeping at him from the darkness.

Ye Qingyu waited quietly.

He knew something was about to appear tonight.

Just as he expected, after about thirty minutes, a vague figure appeared in the cloud of mist in the middle of the main hall. It stumbled out of the vapor and he could roughly make out its distraught expression. It waved at Ye Qingyu, as if it were trying to tell him to flee as quickly as possible...

"It's him?"

Ye Qingyu recognized the figure with just one glance. He was one of the eight great prodigies that had gone insane after residing in [Guanlan Mountain Manor]. He was a prodigy of the Inugamis. Ye Qingyu had done some research and memorized the appearance and backgrounds of the eight before officially purchasing the manor.

In the legends of the eight prodigies, however, this Inugami prodigy should have gone insane, but did survive the ordeal. Why does he look like a spirit now, and how did he appear from the mist? Also, he seems to be able to see me and warn me?

Ye Qingyu felt that it was very strange.

Very quickly, however, a terrifying and mysterious cold wind blew, dispersing the image of the Inugami prodigy.

The cloud of vapor seemed to have stopped moving.

The containment barrier around the main hall seemed to have grown more obvious.

It looked as though something terrible was about to happen.

"Leave... leave now... flee!"

A faint voice came from within the mist.

It sounded mournful and incredibly fearful.

It's the language of the Molos.

Ye Qingyu could tell.

There was a talent from the Molos among the eight prodigies who were driven insane.

Ye Qingyu got up slowly and released his divine sense. He sent out a sliver of it, probing carefully in the mist like a tentacle. He could sense that huge danger was contained within it.

"No, leave... Flee now."

The voice of the Molo prodigy became clearer and sounded more urgent, even panicky. He tried to warn Ye Qingyu loudly that something incredibly terrible was about to happen.

The expression on Ye Qingyu's face changed.

That was because a figure had shot out from within the mist cloud all of a sudden. It traveled at great speed and contained huge murderous spirit as it sped toward him. The flash of a saber suddenly came hurtling down upon him.

"Oh no."

He reversed his wrist and grabbed at the air in front of him. A huge sword of ice appeared in his hand, enveloped in the aura of a [Divine Emperor's Sword]. He countered with a backhand slash.

Clink!

Sparks flew everywhere.

He could hear the shrill shrieks of a vicious ghost.

It was a blurry figure of a ghost. It held a strange, black long saber in one hand and launched another series of attacks. Each blow carried a terrible killing intent, and upon closer examination, it seemed to be a ghost general that had come out of the Underworld. Its strength was incredibly formidable and on par with Ye Qingyu's.

Ye Qingyu engaged it in combat while observing its condition.

Is this really a ghost?

Ye Qingyu shook his head. He did not believe in the existence of ghosts.

In the blink of an eye, they had exchanged thousands of blows.

Ye Qingyu had channeled the sword aura of the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra] to its maximum strength, but he could barely suppress the ghostly general, much less slay it. If his opponent was alive, it would have been close to the Quasi-emperor level.

"[Life Sword]!"

Ye Qingyu switched sword energies and slashed at his opponent again.

Hiss!

The light from his sword enveloped the hall and sliced the ghost general and his black long saber in two, as if it were a sword of fire cutting through ash. His opponent and its weapon rapidly dispersed and disappeared, just like a bubble that had been burst.

"Hmm? The energy of the [Life Sword Mantra] seems to be its nemesis?"

Ye Qingyu immediately understood at this moment.

When he had unleashed the energy from the [Life Sword Mantra], the creepy aura pervading the air of the entire main hall began to tremble, as if it was deeply afraid of this particular type of sword energy. It was a natural bane for the dark force.

"Kill!"

Ye Qingyu channeled energy from the [Life Sword Mantra], causing it to circle around his entire body. The light from the energy was dazzling and protected his body. He walked toward the mist cloud in the middle of the hall with his mind completely made up.

He had a premonition that all of the strange phenomena had something to do with this mist cloud.

He could sense fear radiating from within the mist. The cloud retreated rapidly and wanted to flee from Ye Qingyu, but it was no match for his speed. In an instant, he had charged right into it.

The mist cloud dispersed in the next instant.

Even the eerie aura and wind that blew through the hall had dispersed as well.

Ye Qingyu himself had disappeared along with it.

Everything seemed to have disappeared from the world.

"What is this place?"

Ye Qingyu was feeling extremely shocked as he surveyed his surroundings.

He felt as if he had passed through a Domain Gate the instant he charged into the mist cloud. He immediately understood that the vapor was actually a portal that had brought him to another dimension.

It was a dimly lit and eerie dimension.

Faint rays the color of blood surrounded him.

The land before him stretched further than he could see.

Ghostly mists circled in the air.

Ghost fires danced around him. They looked like glittering starlight, and there was complete silence contained within the beauty of the sights around him. It was as if this was a forgotten world, or it could also be the final resting place for the dead.

Does the Underworld really exist?

Ye Qingyu could sense something extraordinary. It was definitely not an unexplored off-world, as he could not feel the Laws of Nature being applied here. There was no ebb and flow of spiritual qi and the air felt empty.

When he turned back, the path on which he had come was gone.

Ye Qingyu knew that he was temporarily trapped in this world for now.

He did not panic, however.

He held the giant sword of ice and kept the energy of the [Life Sword Mantra] ready. He walked a few hundred meters forward, deeper inside his new surroundings. He wanted to see for himself what this world looked like.

Shortly after, he could see some figures appear in front of him.

Ye Qingyu could feel goosebumps forming on his scalp as he walked closer.

This was because these "figures" were actually wandering skeletons.

There were skeletal remains of every kind of being here. Most of them still had their limbs intact and were wandering about aimlessly on the black ground. Ye Qingyu had felt goosebumps on his scalp earlier on because he could tell from a glance that the skeletons were not puppets of war or similar insentient beings created by masters of magic. That was because there were no formations on them, and their bodies did not contain magical formations.
They are purely... how should I put it, just like another form of living sentient being, but they do not have the same life force like the living things in the Vast Thousand Domains.

They were extremely strange beings.

They seemed to not have sensed Ye Qingyu's presence. They did not attack him as he walked past them.

Legend has it that the dead will turn into skeletons in the Underworld and roam around there. They are neither alive nor dead and cannot be destroyed...
Ye Qingyu had read a description about the Land of the Dead in ancient texts, but it was piecemeal information and was not elaborated on. Furthermore, most of it originated from ancient legends that were not substantiated by his forebears.

Now, however, was he really in the Underworld?

Why was he, a living person, in the Underworld?

He could sense that the entire incident was not as simple as he thought. Coincidentally, he had stumbled upon an ancient secret.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1090:


Chapter 1105 Giant under the Giant Tree


The disappearance of the anonymous Quasi-emperor and the incident that drove the eight prodigies insane must have been connected to this place. If even a Quasi-emperor had fallen here, great danger must have been present in this dimension.

Ye Qingyu did not dare to let his guard down.

He saw many skeletons wandering aimlessly along his way. They were like harmless sheep and were not offensive threats.

Aside from the herds of skeletons, he saw shadows drifting in the air like mist in another area. They looked like wandering souls, and their gaseous, vapor-like bodies were very thinly formed. It looked as though a single gust of wind would blow their bodies into bits...

No, the spirits of powerful martial artists are not like ghosts. They are already very faint and insentient, as if they had forgotten everything about their past life. They exist in a very strange condition, and they would most likely be unable to exist in the world of the living, much less sustain a gust of wind!

Ye Qingyu felt that it was extremely strange.

Further away, on the horizon, he could see something changing to a bright red color.

He walked about five hundred meters to where he spotted the change in color.

There were flowers.

Bright red flowers.

They were planted close to each other and there were so many of them that it looked like a sea of red to Ye Qingyu. They spread out so far that he could not see where they ended, and they seemed like a firestorm that was raging on quietly but giving off a cold and deathly aura that pervaded the air.

Upon careful examination, he realized that there were no leaves, only flowers on the stems of the plants. The bare stalks and bright-red flower petals made them look extremely bizarre.

"These are... Hurricane Lilies!"

Love is fleeting and ill-fated. A couple might be willing to take the next step forward at different periods of their lives, but our lives will always end in death. A lifetime of memories is no match for Meng Po's mind-erasing soup.

Legend had it that bright-red Hurricane Lilies would line the path to the Underworld. It took one millennium for them to bloom and another millennium for their leaves to wilt. The flower petals and leaves would never grow together and never meet. It symbolized the life and death of all living beings; neither cycle would ever intersect with the other. Ye Qingyu had once read ancient texts from the time where gods and demons roamed. There were some records about the Underworld in them, but they were incomplete. The great powers during that era did not believe in the existence of the Underworld as well. They thought that it was a place dreamed up by scholars and that it could not possibly exist.

During that ancient era, the terms "gods" and "demons" was merely used to describe more powerful beings in the world. They were all living beings, and there were no Death Gods in the world then. Even if there were, they were just people who had been nicknamed as such and were remembered as a "god" or a "demon" by future generations. Take Ye Qingyu's moniker as the Killing God for example. Perhaps, in times to come, people would classify him as a "god" or a "demon", but it most definitely did not mean that he was truly a deity or a demon.

This was the belief held by Ye Qingyu all this while.

Now, however, he had arrived in this mysterious land, and he felt extremely emotional upon seeing so many legends proven to be true.

However, he still did not believe that he was in the real Underworld.

Death is like a flame extinguished. It just symbolizes the expiration of one's life-energy and that one's body had stopped working. One's corpse would then turn into ash over time, so what was the point of becoming a ghost?

If people turn into ghosts after death, why haven't we been seeing them forever? Do they really become reincarnated?

Ye Qingyu thought as he continued advancing. He stepped on the Hurricane Lilies with no fear.

He was a living being and unafraid of ghosts or spirits. Even if he was walking on the so-called path of Hurricane Lilies which led to the Underworld, so what?

He continued walking for one hour and lost track of how far he had traveled.

A huge, silent and still river was blocking his path.

"This river is very similar to that one in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor," Ye Qingyu said after observing. It was filled with rapid currents and capable of sinking even a goose feather. Upon closer examination, he realized that the water was reddish-yellow, and there seemed to be something floating inside it. There were so many of the things that it was an alarming sight to behold.

Is this the River of Forgetfulness?

The legends of the time of Gods and Demons spoke of the River of Forgetfulness. After death, spirits would pass by Ghost Pass, the Path to Hell, and then the river itself. After that, they were considered to have stepped into the actual Underworld.

Ye Qingyu grinned.

"There is no Underworld. Everything here checks out with the legends of the God and Demon Age, but the more they are alike, the more suspicious I am. The legends say that anyone who crosses the River of Forgetfulness will forget everything about their past life and become a wandering soul in the Underworld. I want to see if that's true!"

With his current level of cultivation and battle prowess, Ye Qingyu was completely unafraid of all these things.

He strode up quickly and stepped onto the surface of the river. His feet seemed to be rooted and he could not land. The surface of the river bubbled and rippled, as if it was boiling. Figures who looked like water ghosts rose out of the river. There were ranks of them, and they reached their claws out and swiped at Ye Qingyu.

"Scram!"

Ye Qingyu shouted.

Instantly, countless "water ghosts" were blown away.

He walked on the surface of the river, as majestic as a divine king who was walking into the Underworld. Sheer light emanated from his body and an icy aura surrounded him. Each step he took caused the river water in a thousand-meter radius to freeze up. No more "water ghosts" dared to drag him down into the water, and they kept away at a safe distance.

Two hours later, he crossed the River of Forgetfulness.

Eight shadows stood on the opposite end of the river.

"You've committed a grave sin by forcibly entering the Underworld as a living being. Kneel down and repent now!" One of the shadows spoke up. Its voice was as loud as rumbling thunder and carried a divine authority with it, as if it were speaking on behalf of Heaven and earth.

Ye Qingyu looked calm as he stepped onto shore.

"So, it's the eight of them."

As he expected, the eight figures were the eight prodigies in the legends circulating around Heaven Connect City who had been driven insane after the weird incident in [Guanlan Mountain Manor]. They included the shadow of the Inugami and the voice of the Molo he saw earlier in the main hall of the manor.

The present condition they were currently in was a little strange.

This led Ye Qingyu to recall certain incidents in the ancestral tomb of the Dragon Humans. The aura of the eight prodigies was similar to some auras left behind in the tomb, and they were neither alive nor dead.

"Receive your punishment, sinner."

The shadow of the Molo prodigy flickered and the long black spear in his hand shot toward Ye Qingyu at lightning speed.

Ye Qingyu blocked it with his sword.

Clink!

Sparks flew.

The shadow of the Molo prodigy was extremely strong, even a few more times stronger than the shadow who wielded a black saber that he had fought earlier in the main hall of [Guanlan Mountain Manor]. He was utilizing the magical abilities of martial arts that was unique to the Molos.

At the same time, the shadows of the other seven prodigies moved and surrounded Ye Qingyu.

A battle erupted.

Ye Qingyu tried to observe their physical conditions as he fought with them. They looked strange, as did their powers. Undeniably, the battle prowess that they were displaying now was many times stronger than that described in the legends.

Ye Qingyu used the maximum power of the Divine Emperor sword will, but he still could not suppress them. He was barely managing to keep up with them.

In the legends, the eight prodigies were all driven insane but survived their ordeal. They should still be with their respective clans and be cared for by their loved ones. Why are shadows that look like them present here, and why are they so powerful?

Ye Qingyu thought as he continued fighting.

The prodigies instantly retreated when Ye Qingyu began to channel the power of the [Life Sword Mantra]. They kept retreating as the sword energy amplified while screeching, as if they were extremely afraid of it.

Ye Qingyu did not kill them outright.

After defeating all of the eight prodigies, he continued advancing deeper into this realm that seemed like the Underworld. He dashed forward like a bolt of lightning and cut through the dark void.

The shadows of the eight prodigies followed behind him, but did not dare come too close to him.

After a while, Ye Qingyu stopped.

That was because he had caught sight of a wizened tree. The span of its branches was extremely huge, stretching out with a radius of about a few hundred meters. It seemed to shoot up high into the heavens, but it did not look too healthy. Only numerous dried-up and wrinkled-looking branches were left on it, and Ye Qingyu could imagine how wondrous it must have looked in its prime. Now, however, the branches were barren and it looked like the corpse of an ancient tree. It looked very bizarre. It was extremely tall and huge but was left with only branches and had turned into a fossil-like object.

There was still a little green to be spotted at the very core where its branches stemmed from, and there seemed to be a faint lifef orce circling around there.

Piles of yellowed leaves could be seen beneath the tree.

Ye Qingyu could not tell its type just by looking at it.

He instantly recalled the ancient parasol tree that grew on the mountain ridge at the center of the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss. Likewise, it looked as if it was about to dry up, but in terms of size and amount of branches, the parasol tree was not even 1/10th that of this giant tree that stood before him now.

It was the first time he had seen such a huge tree.

Is this a mutant species from the God and Demon Age?

Or perhaps, this tree has some connection to this mysterious dimension?

There was a strange feeling in his heart.

He slowed down and walked carefully up to the tree.

Gradually, Ye Qingyu could feel a strange ripple of life.

This was the first time since entering this weird dimension that he had sensed the presence of a life force. He was shocked and slowed down even more. He released a little of his divine sense to observe his surroundings. Shortly after, he had some findings.

"This..."

He was instantly shocked by the information gathered by his divine sense.

He walked forward and went over to the trunk of the giant tree.

He could see a human sitting cross-legged on the ground. His size was as huge as the legendary giants, and his eyes were gently shut, while his palms were closed together and placed before his chest. His expression looked as gentle as that of a respectable monk. The tree was actually growing within his body, and its trunk was growing out from his neck. Countless entangled roots were growing in his body and had pierced through his chest, abdomen, and limbs, and they were absorbing the energy within him.

The scene was simply too bizarre and shocking to behold.

It seemed like the giant had been subjected to torturous punishment. The giant tree was planted in his body and had burst through his body. Now, it seemed to have assimilated itself with his body.

Ye Qingyu could feel that the life force he sensed earlier was emanating from the body of this thousand-meter-tall giant.

Is he actually still alive?

Ye Qingyu was extremely shocked.

Who was this human?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1091:


Chapter 1106 – [Longevity Emperor]


The scene ahead shocked Ye Qingyu immensely.

It was a highly frightening scene.

A human body was clearly being used as nourishment to fulfill the growth needs of this strange, big tree. Just thinking about the piecemeal extraction of energy, flesh, and essence from a human body would cause anyone’s hair to stand on end. It was, without a doubt, the most terrifying form of torture in this world.

Suppressing his inner shock effortfully, Ye Qingyu continued to observe.

He soon realized something else.

Although the aura of this giant human was weak, it nevertheless caused Ye Qingyu to palpitate with fear, much in the same way that a dying tiger would still frighten a rabbit. This… this giant was a Quasi-emperor.

A Quasi-emperor-level expert.

My goodness.

Ye Qingyu flinched in fear.

How is it possible that a Quasi-emperor-level expert is being used as nourishment for this withering mysterious ancient tree? It’s almost as if he has become a vase in which the ancient tree is planted… Who exactly could’ve done such a thing? Who could’ve subdued a Quasi-emperor in this manner?

Only a true Martial Emperor could do so.

Ye Qingyu felt his scalp begin to tingle.

Could it be that this netherworld-like world was actually put together by a Martial Emperor?

What could the purpose be?

He took a deep breath and looked behind.

In the distance, the phantoms of the eight supreme Heaven’s pridelings were standing quietly in an area outside of the canopy of the withering tree, as if they were waiting for something or were in their true usual state of protecting the tree. The area within the canopy was forbidden ground to them.

While staying alert, Ye Qingyu gradually calmed down.

He could sense a life force in the body of this giant.

“It’s said that the first owner of the [Guanlan Mountain Manor] was a nameless human Quasi-emperor who mysteriously disappeared, could… this giant Quasi-emperor be him?”

He recalled Tang Chong’s words that this nameless Quasi-emperor was even stronger than [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and was terrifying like no other, such that he was said to be matchless during his time. Later on, this Quasi-emperor went into seclusion in Heaven Connect City while building it up, paying no attention to the outside world. And even later on, he disappeared inexplicably.

“This should be the case indeed. He’s the nameless Quasi-emperor.”

Ye Qingyu could more or less confirm.

It turned out that the powerful, nameless Quasi-emperor who disappeared from the [Guanlan Mountain Manor] had actually come to this odd plane and thereafter became nourishment for the strange tree. If so, this would have had gone on for countless years already. News of this would certainly shock the entire Vast Thousand Domains once spread.

If even such a powerful Quasi-emperor was subdued and thus ended up like that, then I...

Ye Qingyu became vigilant at once.

He suddenly realized that the yuan essence, qi, and blood of this Quasi-emperor were all but drained by this mysterious tree, which would not look so withered and yellow otherwise. And since this Quasi-emperor was nearly used up, the backstage manipulator would certainly be looking for a replacement...

Could this replacement be… me?

Did this mysterious plane open its gates to me in order to lure me in and… turn me into new nourishment for this strange, big tree?

This thought flashed across Ye Qingyu’s mind.

The hair all over his body stood on end.

Meanwhile, an unexpected change occurred...

The giant human suddenly opened his eyes.

Two curious eye beams shot out from them and fell upon Ye Qingyu.

The latter instinctively raised his head and made eye contact.

Resembling two bright stars, the giant eyes contained a vicissitudinous and ancient mist which brought to mind various pictures, including the circulation of the Milky Way, the growth of all things, and more so the circulation of myriad streaks of lightning. All in all, this pair of eyes contained the Dao essence of all heavenly things, and was mysterious and profound to an extreme.

For some reason, Ye Qingyu’s mind became unprecedentedly clear after he had taken a look at those eyes.

All of his earlier guesses and fear instantly vanished.

His state of mind became tranquil like never before.

Just then, the giant human spoke, “You’re finally here.”

His tone made it sound as if he had been waiting for Ye Qingyu for a long time.

“My… ascendant...” For a time, the latter did not know what to ask and instinctively nodded his head. “You’re a sage of the Human Race, right? The [Guanlan Mountain Manor]...”

“The [Guanlan Mountain Manor] was indeed my former residence which I built.” The giant human’s voice was mild and equanimous, as if he did not mind his own miserable circumstances and his heart did not bear any resentment.

Indeed!

Ye Qingyu sighed inwardly upon hearing the reply.

I didn’t guess wrongly. This giant is indeed the nameless human Quasi-emperor.

A tinge of sadness arose unbearably in his heart. He could not help feeling a kind of indignation and sympathy just thinking that such a lofty and once-unmatched human Quasi-emperor had ended up like this.

“Why would you be here…?” Ye Qingyu asked loudly. “What can I do to rescue you from this plane?”

“Hoho.” The Quasi-emperor laughed. “Rescue? Looks like you’re thinking wrongly. I’m not being held captive here, nor am I being coerced and made use of by anyone. I’m staying here out of my own will.”

He’s staying here out of his own will?

Ye Qingyu was slightly stupefied.

“You mean, you...” He questioned while shocked like never before. “What’s it with this tree?”

“This is a primeval tree called the World Tree. It’s an extremely rare and precious treasure, and is the reason that the Netherworld Domain exists.” The Quasi-emperor spoke smilingly. “It has lived for a million years, and only thus is it able to sustain such a large domain. After coming here, I comprehended a few secrets and hence remained here to nourish this tree using my own power. As long as it lives, the Netherworld Domain will be able to expand, grow, and improve endlessly.”

What?

“You mean you’re using your own life foundation to nourish it?” Shocked, Ye Qingyu suddenly realized that he had been thinking in an entirely wrong way. This certainly made a lot more sense. In a world without a Martial Emperor, a Quasi-emperor would be matchless and could not possibly be subdued by any being to become nourishment for a tree. However, Ye Qingyu remained somewhat puzzled. “Why are you doing this? Are you sacrificing yourself and nourishing this tree simply to preserve the existence of the Netherworld Domain?”

This kind of sacrifice was far too great.

“Every person’s actions are driven by a definite purpose. Of course, I’m no different.” The Quasi-emperor’s countenance was gentle and kind, resembling an old man who had been through the vicissitudes of life and was knowledgeable about all worldly affairs. “Actually, I was ecstatic when I first discovered this tree. At that time, I was arduously seeking the Way of Becoming Emperor and wanted to break the shackles of this world to become a supreme Emperor. Without a doubt, this World Tree was my opportunity. As long as I made full use of it, I’d have had a more than eighty percent chance of becoming Emperor...”

“Then why...” This answer perplexed Ye Qingyu even more than before.

To become Emperor was the lifelong dream of many martial experts. Believing the Quasi-emperor’s words, he reckoned that there would already be one more human Emperor in this world if the former had chosen to make use of the World Tree to become Emperor from the onset.

Being practically omnipotent, an Emperor could single-handedly change the entire Vast Thousand Domains and turn the Human Race into a hegemonic force in the contemporary age, restoring the glory of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors Age. At the same time, he could purge all evil from the Vast Thousand Domains. Even those evil forces in the Dark Realm would probably have to yield to him, otherwise they could be wiped out without much effort.

Ye Qingyu looked at the nameless Quasi-emperor, waiting for the latter to continue.

As the latter had said, all actions are driven by a definite purpose. Ye Qingyu wondered what kind of reason would cause this once-peerless character to forgo becoming Emperor and instead sacrifice himself to nourish the World Tree.

“Although I was indeed ecstatic when I first discovered the World Tree, someone changed my mind. What I saw at that time is exactly the same as what you see today… No, in fact, it was even more astonishing. Do you know what I mean?” A tinge of emotion flashed across the Quasi-emperor’s eyes, as if he was recalling the scene of back then and could still feel the astonishment.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

The scene back then is exactly the same as what I’m seeing?

The same?

The nameless Quasi-emperor was clearly not just referring to the landscape.

There was some other meaning in his words.

Ye Qingyu lowered his head and pondered.

An idea suddenly flashed across his mind.

“You mean that there was someone else nourishing the tree with their yuan essence and life when you arrived?” He finally understood. If the scene back then was the same as the present, that would mean that the tree and the falling of its leaves were the same, while the growth of the tree was also taking place within a body and not on the ground.

“You’re very clever.” The Quasi-emperor nodded to confirm that Ye Qingyu’s guess was correct.

“Who was it?” The latter’s throat had become a little dry.

He could vaguely sense that the answer would be heaven-shaking.

“The [Longevity Emperor].” The Quasi-emperor enunciated in a voice which contained a sense of reverence akin to that of a devout believer when facing the god they worship.

“What?” Ye Qingyu’s figure trembled greatly.

The [Longevity Emperor]?

Was it really the [Longevity Emperor]?

In the history of the Human Race, there were three sovereigns and five emperors who were considered peerless and most revered. Among them was the [Longevity Emperor], who once ruled the entire Vast Thousand Domains and was all-conquering. It was said that his lifespan was long, such that he lived for an age longer than the other Martial Emperors, and this was why he was given the name “Longevity”.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1092:


Chapter 1107 - Reincarnation


The expression on Ye Qingyu’s face had clearly been expected by the nameless Quasi-emperor, who had been way more shocked than the former when he saw a similar scene upon arriving below the World Tree all those years ago.

Countless years have passed in a flash.

Finally, someone has arrived.

The Quasi-emperor smiled at Ye Qingyu.

It took the latter a long time before he regained his senses from shock.

He still found it hard to believe that the legendary [Longevity Emperor] of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors had actually used his own body to nourish the tree.

What could this be for, and why is this tree so important?

Of course, if even the [Longevity Emperor] had used his own body to nourish the tree, then, to some extent, it made sense that this nameless Quasi-emperor would ultimately forgo the choice of making use of the World Tree to become Emperor – there must have been something more important than that.

Ye Qingyu later realized something else.

The Quasi-emperor had disappeared from the [Guanlan Mountain Manor] in Heaven Connect City roughly no more than ten thousand years ago, yet had seen the [Longevity Emperor] under the World Tree. In other words, the [Longevity Emperor] was still alive in the human world less than ten thousand years ago.

Ye Qingyu’s scalp tingled once more as he thought about this.

If spread, this piece of news would definitely shock the world.

After taking successive deep breaths, his train of thought gradually became clear.

“Was it a decree by the [Longevity Emperor] that caused you to forgo becoming Emperor and make this choice instead?”

“It wasn’t a decree but just a request.” The nameless Quasi-emperor smiled. “I had the right to choose for myself.”

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

Indeed, the [Longevity Emperor] is too great of a character to force this Quasi-emperor to do something against his own will, and must’ve told him some inside information and allowed him to make his own choice. The latter eventually chose to follow him, thereby becoming a provider for this mysterious World Tree as well.

Ye Qingyu's curiosity grew.

What kind of inside information could’ve caused both the [Longevity Emperor] and the nameless Quasi-emperor to make such a huge sacrifice?

“Please explain,” Ye Qingyu respectfully saluted and politely requested.

The Quasi-emperor looked at Ye Qingyu as if looking at his former self. Although this young man had not attained the Quasi-emperor realm and was nowhere near his cultivation of those years ago, he felt that the former possessed intriguing qi essence and aura which were more outstanding than his of back then.

A hint of admiration flashed across his eyes. “Do you know that the Vast Thousand Domains has been destroyed several times?”

“Huh?” Hearing this, Ye Qingyu shook his head astonishedly.

The Quasi-emperor’s expression suggested that he was in a state of recollection. “I offered a similar response when the [Longevity Emperor] asked this question back then. After all, to our knowledge, the history of the Vast Thousand Domains can be traced back to the Archean and Fiendgod Ages, before which primeval beings were dominant. The Fiendgod Age was then followed by the Age of Martial Emperors, and after that was the Post-martial Emperor Age. History is ordered in this way, and there are remains and textual records of every age, thus forming a complete world. However, have you ever wondered what the world was like during the age of primeval beings, which was before the Archean and Fiendgod Ages?”

Ye Qingyu was stunned.

Before the Archean Age?

He had never thought about this question before.

Ever since entering White Deer Academy, he had become like a top which was spun round and round by various matters. The tide of worldly affairs and the web of human relationships had dragged him along without giving him a moment of rest, and so he rarely thought about such things.

However, now that the nameless Quasi-emperor had asked, he became hooked by this question.

Indeed, what was the pre-Archean world like?

It’s said that those primeval beings were born out of universal will and could live for eternity. They possessed matchless strength and invincibility, and were the rulers of this universal void. Even the posterior Fiendgods were their descendants. However, because of mutual killings and other reasons, they gradually disappeared or perished among the long course of history.

It appears that everything in this world is relative and nothing is ever eternal, such that even beings which were born eternal would ultimately die out.

Since those primeval beings were born out of universal will that means that there was already a universe before their time.

If so, what was this universe like back then?

This type of question was way too profound and would probably never be fully answered.

However, the more profound it was, the more one could not help thinking about it.

After pondering for a while, Ye Qingyu felt his mind become confused. Shaking his head, he said, “I don’t know, please explain, ancestor.”

“My reply was like yours.” The Quasi-emperor smiled. “And the answer given to me by the [Longevity Emperor] was only a single word.”

“What word was it?” Ye Qingyuasked.

“Reincarnation.”

“Huh? Reincarnation?”

Ye Qingyu felt perplexed upon hearing the answer, as if he had caught hold of something yet nothing at the same time. This was a specious and paradoxical answer after all.

“The [Longevity Emperor] said that there was another period of civilization, history, and incomparable prosperity in the Vast Thousand Domains before the Archean Age, forming a near-perfect world. However, that civilization would ultimately be destroyed,” the Quasi-emperor explained slowly.

Ye Qingyu understood at once.

Reincarnation.

This is what reincarnation means.

The [Longevity Emperor’s] meaning is very simple. The reincarnation he spoke about was neither about life and death nor soul and body, but rather about the destruction and rebirth of civilization. After the end of one age of civilization, a new civilization would be born sometime among the long period of dreariness.

Since it was reincarnation, it certainly did not take place only twice.

Instead, it repeated ceaselessly.

The emergence, development, and prosperity of each specific civilization eventually ended in destruction.

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt somewhat enlightened.

During this instant, he felt as if he was a person standing beside the long and torrential river of history while watching the surging of waves, every one of which represented an age. As for the lofty Martial Emperors, they were each merely a water droplet which splashed highest, brightest, and most unconventionally among a wave. However, no matter how bright and high they were splashed, they ultimately were unable to escape from the surging torrent, while the wave would eventually dissipate, for even the highest of waves had their periods of calm.

Such enlightenment caused Ye Qingyu to be shaken to the core irresistibly.

At the same time, a strange change was brewing and happening in Ye Qingyu's body. In particular, the mysterious powers of faith and belief he had gathered recently began to change qualitatively, as though they had been ignited.

This kind of change was acutely picked up by the nameless Quasi-emperor.

A hint of astonishment flashed across his face, to be followed by an unmistakable delight.

Ye Qingyu came to his senses a moment later.

As he recovered from that heart-stirring feeling, he felt clear and bright like never before, as if a layer of callus which had wrapped around his body since birth had just been removed, causing his spirit to be purified and sublimated.

“Wonderful. I’d never thought that your power of understanding would be this high.” The Quasi-emperor nodded and smiled. “I’d once seen a chap in the Li family of the Ming Domain who could be said to be divine in talent and peerless in comprehension, yet he was inferior to you. People used to say that listening to Dao in the mornings would enable one to gain Dao and advance in cultivation. You, on the other hand, have evolved and attained the foundation of the Peerless Emperor Way just by hearing the words of the [Longevity Emperor].”

It was only now that Ye Qingyu understood that his earlier comprehension was the foundation of the Emperor Way, and he thus became excited at once.

However, he was more concerned about the secret that the nameless Quasi-emperor was about to talk about.

The Quasi-emperor continued, “The [Longevity Emperor] said that the reincarnation of this kind of civilization isn’t voluntary, but forced and passive instead. No matter the extent to which civilization propagates and evolves, it would eventually be destroyed and everything would return to zero before beginning anew. The Vast Thousand Domains can be likened to an enormous leek field. When the leeks have ripened, they would be harvested. Subsequent batches would also be harvested when they’ve ripened…”

Compared to the explanation of reincarnation, this leek field analogy was much more cruel and frightening.

Ye Qingyu could not help asking, “Harvest? Who does the harvesting?”

The Quasi-emperor’s expression immediately turned grim. “Darkness.”

“Darkness?” Ye Qingyu blurted. “The Dark Realm? Or the dark camp?”

“Huh? To think you know about these too.” The Quasi-emperor appeared surprised for a moment before smiling again. “Indeed, given your current cultivation and strength, it’s not much of a surprise that you would know a few secrets regarding this matter. I’m certain that you possess a fair amount of prestige and status in the Vast Thousand Domains. However, what you know is only the tip of the iceberg. True darkness frightens and cannot be stopped by even Martial Emperors. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be able to make civilization go through reincarnation to be destroyed and harvested time and again.”

Ye Qingyu's jaw dropped.

Even Martial Emperors would be frightened?

Is that even possible?

Martial Emperors are the peaks of this world who bear the mandate of heaven and whose words are the law. How can they be afraid of the Dark Realm?

The explanation nearly inverted Ye Qingyu's long-held understanding of this world.

“If this isn’t so, why do you think the [Longevity Emperor], as well as the [Drifting Cloud Emperor] and the [Sea Sand Emperor], were defeated and forced to retreat into secret planning, and didn’t mind sacrificing themselves to nourish this tree?” The Quasi-emperor sighed, “In this world, even the so-called eternal primeval beings and the Fiendgods would eventually perish, let alone the Martial Emperors. Do you really think that no Martial Emperor-level experts like those of this era emerged among those extremely prosperous, powerful, and terrifying civilizations? The civilizations they belonged to were ultimately reincarnated and harvested.”





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

