Chapter 233:


Chapter 233 - Frost

The young officer had just awoken when he fainted yet again to this horrifying torture. His entire body fell limp, the sweat and blood mixing together, his hands spasming unconsciously. He was left on his last, weak breaths.

This Nether Soul rod's power was far too frightening.

"Hahaha! Good!" "It seems like this little kid is finally satisfied with this.”

The crowd laughed uproariously.

Qi Yong had drunk slightly too much.

He stood up unstably, covered with the smell of alcohol. Bringing a bowl of alcohol, he signaled for the Violet Seven Stars sect to go to the side.

"Pok!"

This alcohol completely drenched the young officer who did not even have a piece of intact skin left on his body.

The acute pain that followed after completely awoke the officer yet again. Qi Yong grinned viciously, grabbing the hair of the young officer, and yanked up his already powerless body up. Consecutively slapping him twenty or thirty times loudly, he tuned the only untouched part of the young officer's body swollen and bruised.

"You trash that don't have eyes, you are only a tiny little officer, but you dare not even tell the doctor to treat your father, I. This time, you have fallen into my clutches, so I can do whatever I like to you as I please. Hehe, so what if you are part of the [Youyan army]? If I play with you to your death here, no one will know."

Qi Yong chuckled sinisterly.

After his limb had been cut off, this was equal to all his martial future being cut off.

He could evidently sense the disdain and disinterest his senior brothers had towards him these days.

There was no one that feared him and showed him respect anymore. Everyone's gaze had a hint of pity as they looked towards him. Those elders and great people of the sect that placed great importance to him previously were evidently preparing themselves to abandon him. Qi Yong was plunged into a deep and dark despair, nearly to the boundary of his breaking point. He was like a wild beast that had gone berserk, wanting to destroy everything that he saw in his eyes.

Pak!Pak!

Qi Yong released the rage in his heart, his hand not even stopping to resting, continuing to slap.

What he wished to do the most was to cut the Ye Qingyu who had chopped off his arms into a thousand pieces.

But he knew this was impossible.

In front of Ye Qingyu, he was just like an ant or worm. A finger of his was enough to kill him.

But when he was within his despair, he had suddenly heard news that there were some higher ups who wanted to act against Ye Qingyu. Joining forces with a significant number of Jianghu people, they prepared to do something in secret.

Qi Yong hence offered his services.

When the hidden forces joined together and decided to act on the people beside Ye Qingyu and do something, Qi Yong realized his opportunity had arrived.

At the first instance, he had spoken about the existence of the young officer.

Many people did not realize there was a faint connection between the young officer and Ye Qingyu.

Qi Yong himself was not too sure.

But this did not matter too much.

Qi Yong doing this was for the people higher up to realize his value, and also for revenge. Since there would not be any loss to him whatsoever if he mistakenly dragged anyone in, and this young officer was someone that Ye Qingyu knew, then it did not matter if they killed him. After all, this world was not fair for a long time, so being innocent had nothing to do with anything.

After all, right now Qi Yong needed an outlet to release his anger.

If he was able to make Ye Qingyu feel regret, if he was able to make Ye Qingyu suffer, then he would be willing to do anything.

"Haha! Did you not want to speak yesterday? Right now, I can do whatever I want to you as if you are a dead pig…"

Qi Yong chuckled sinisterly.

He grabbed the throat of the young officer. bringing the swollen face of the officer in front of him.

"Speak! What relationship do you have with Ye Qingyu?! Have you secretly made any pacts with the Demon Race? As long as you confess and explain everything clearly, I can give you a quick death…"

The young officer whose consciousness was already befuddled after such torture opened his eyes slightly.

He locked his brows slightly, his eyes seeming not to contain too great a rage.

But he opened his mouth and gave an answer to the Qi Yong currently burning with fury, "I don't know Marquis Ye.”

Motherfucker!

You are looking to die!

After torturing him like a dog, this little kid only said such a phrase.

Qi Yong was so angry that his eyes were about to explode.

A surge of rage shot up to his head. Qi Yong could no longer control his own anger, he directly grabbed at the Nether Soul Rod and press it again fiercely on the forehead of the young officer!

Pok!

The pain of your soul burning was completely indescribable using words.

The body of the young officer once again madly struggled, the shackles nearly being pull apart and the entire rack madly shaking.

"Senior brother Qi Yong, calm your rage. Make sure not to kill him, we still haven't gotten any confession."

The Violet Seven Stars sect disciple came to pursue him.

"Brother Qi, sit by one side and don't get tired. Let me take care of the other one, I guarantee that he will confess everything.”

Qi Yong coldly snorted, only then did he sit down

At the same time, the fat sect disciple next to him completely filled with black hair like a large bear, stood up with a malicious grin. "There's two. After we've done playing with one, we can still play with the other. We can't treat them unfairly after all, hahaha…"

He chuckled loudly, and there was a person beside him that completely drenched the other young soldier Sang Fusheng with a bucket of cold alcohol hanging on the rack.

Ah… Pok… Huff, huff…

This young soldier was abruptly awakened by this cold liquid…

A series of acute coughs sounded. At the same time, a significant volume of blood spurted out. One could tell, that his injuries were not light.

Cold alcohol entering into one's wound was the same as rubbing salt into the injuries. The pain was incomparable.

"Oh… too comfortable… haha, I opened my eyes and I see a herd of animals yet again. You guys are still alive, this makes me too happy!"

The soldier opened his eyes, a sharp grin showing on his face.

His personality was many times fiercer than the young officer. When he awoke and saw the Violet Seven Stars sect disciples, he only coldly smiled. Every one of his words was like metal rubbing together, containing a hatred that caused one to shiver in fear.

"What, you want to take revenge? We are still fine, but it's a pity you won't live long… haha, if you want vengeance, you can only wait till you next life."

There were completely mocking laughters on the faces of all disciples of the sects.

The young soldier Sang Fusheng only coldly sneered, not wasting his energy on words.

The black bear moved his body in front of this soldier.

"Little trash, listen well. Today your grandfather I will give you your last chance. If you are willing to point out that your superior Liu Zongyuan is dealing with the Demon Race and admit that Ye Qingyu is also implicated within this secret, then I can release you right now. Good alcohol, good meat, beauties, wealth, everything can be gained. But if you continue to be stubborn, then look at the trash next to you. Your consequences will be over ten times as great!”

The silhouette of the conspiracy was slowly drawn out by the words of these Violet Seven Star sect disciples.

The Ye Qingyu who was outside the door already largely understood the vague story.

So it was like so.

So it was like so.

So the plot of these people was like this.

"Hehe… haha… hahaha!" The young soldier Sang Fusheng seemed as if he had heard the greatest joke in the world. He incredibly began chuckling, "You want to do it with you people? You bunch of trash in the gutters, you filthy dregs, to really act against Marquis Ye? You are so retarded it's laughable… pitiful, you don't even know what you are doing. An ant trying to shake a big tree, hahahahahaha…"

This laughter was like the metallic thunder of a powerful army.

A power and aura that made one's expression change exploded out from the weak laughter of Sang Fusheng who was near his breaking point.

Within the interrogation room, everyone's faces paled.

"Motherfucker! You want to take the hard path! Who said you could say so many useless words!" The black bear was so embarrassed that he was enraged, grinning maliciously: "Even a piece of metal, if it falls into the hands of the living Asura, Xiong Jiu, then it will spit out a piece of meat. You want to endure longer, then as you pleased, hehe, I'll make you experience pain that makes you beg for death. Let’s just see how long you can endure!"

Before he finished.

He casually picked up a steel flower by his side, and with a flick of his wrist, it flew like lightning towards the face of the young soldier.

"Then come and try." There was a smile of disdain on the face of the young soldier, not even blinking. "Let your grandfather I see. I really want to experience how you make metal spit out a piece of meat." "I'll cripple half your face and dig out one of your eyeballs. Let’s see if you are still as stubborn then!"

The black bear smiled maliciously, the metal implement heading straight for the face of the young soldier.

But when the metal instrument was about to lacerate skin, it suddenly stopped.

It could not advance any further.

The 'black bear' was stunned, then attempted to move again.

But he still could not move in the slightest, as if his body was sealed.

He knew something was wrong, his expression filled with shock.

He had no way of understanding why his arm no longer listened to his command. Why had it suddenly hardened, why had it lost all feeling. Only until he discovered in fright that without knowing when, a layer of faint frost had already extended around his arm.

"What is this? I…” The black bear was incomparably stunned.

The moment he lowered his head, he was terrified to discover that it was not only his arms. Half of his body, from the neck below had already been covered in a thin layer of frost. Apart from his neck being able to move slightly, all his other parts could not even move an inch. This layer of thin frost was like that strongest shackles in this world that completely sealed him away.

He stared in befuddlement at the other people.

On the floor, it was unknown when it had been completely covered by silver frost.

White jade-like ice was flowing all around the room without sound. The Qi Yong and the others not that far away also had a face of confusion and fright. As the white jade-like frost travelled over, the frost were like poisonous snakes crawling up their legs. It grew and grew upwards from their legs, then covered the large majority of their bodies…

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 234:


Chapter 234 - Killing people like cutting grass

“What's happening?" "Just where has the ice came from?" "What is happening? I can't move…"

All the people of the sects began exclaiming in shock.

The young soldier Sang Fusheng was slightly taken aback.

The expected pain did not arrive.

His eyes were still able to see.

Sang Fusheng saw as his eyes were nearly stabbed by the steel implement. But when it was just about to reach him, it suddenly stopped. Then he could hear the gasps of shock from those bastards. When he lowered his head, he could see a familiar layer of cold ice and frost…

Ice?

This cold qi… just where had he seen it before?

Sang Fusheng was dumbfounded, then suddenly realized something.

His originally dim and fatigue eyes suddenly burned with a splendid radiance.

Then, in the pupils of the black bear-like man in front of him, he was able to see the figure of one person.

White clothes like jade, black hair like a waterfall.

A silhouette that was extremely familiar to him.

Ye Qingyu!

Marquis Ye!

Sang Fusheng was dumbfounded.

And nearly at the same time, Qi Yong's howl like a pig being slaughtered broke the silence of the interrogation room.

"Ye-Ye-Ye…" Qi Yong looked at the white figure walking step by step into the room from the door. HIs handsome heroic face was enough to make countless girls lose sleep[1] , but in their eyes, it was unquestionably the most frightening face in the whole world. He lost his composure, sharply. "You… Ye-Ye-Ye… Ye Qingyu!" ……

Ye Qingyu did not pay any attention to Qi Yong's desperate howl that seemed as if he was being castrated.

He flicked his fingers.

Four ice crystals shot out, cutting apart the steel shackles binding the soldier Sang Fusheng.

"How is it, are you still able to withstand it?"

By the time he had finished speaking, his figure had already travelled beside the young military officer like a bolt of lightning.

Sang Fusheng knew that Ye Qingyu was speaking to him.

The young soldier opened his mouth, and laughed in a stoic manner, "It's not a problem."

His arms and legs exerted strength slightly. Breaking open his wounds again, and causing blood to splatter everywhere, he had already left the broken shackles holding him, jumping down from the rack. With a slight stumble, he nearly fell. Holding on to the interrogation rack for support, and spitting out a mouthful of blood, the corner of his lips curled slightly. "Motherfucker, I was nearly killed by these crowd of scum…

Nearby.

Ye Qingyu's palm was already placed on the head of the young military officer.

The young military officer was in a semi-conscious state, his body fiercely struggling. He was completely unaware of what was going on in the outside world.

"I've already come for a period of time and had always been observing behind the door." Ye Qingyu's head did not turn back, slowly inserting his inner yuan into the body of the officer. Then he said lightly, "His situation was somewhat undesirable. By the time I arrived, I already noticed that his life force was scattered… therefore, I could only wait and allow them to torture him, activating the last of his energy and inciting the last of his life force. Only then could I save him and bet on this chance to make him live!"

Saying this, Ye Qingyu's hand flipped out.

A robe was taken from his interdimensional pouch and thrown over to Sang Fusheng.

Sang Fusheng received the long robe, covering his body that was completely filled with wounds. He took a deep breath in.

Hearing these words, he was slightly taken aback, then he realized Marquis Ye was explaining himself to him. He could not help but feel slightly apprehensive, rushing to say, "There naturally has to be reasons behind Marquis Ye's actions. My superior has long said to me that you do not need to explain any of your actions to me. Even if you did not act today, I would not complain in the slightest."

Under the influence of Liu Zongyuan, he long had utter respect for Ye Qingyu.

Especially when he had heard Ye Qingyu spread the word around a couple of days ago that he would oppose the sects, and after he had killed the [Five Poisons Gongzi] and the others with the force of thunder. It caused those righteous soldiers in the [Youyan army] to feel incomparably excited. Sang Fusheng had already become a true follower and believer of Ye Qingyu.

After a short moment.

"Phew…" The young military officer finally opened his eyes.

He let out a long breath of murky air. His quivering body finally stopped shivering.

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh of relief.

He was not a doctor and only knew some rough methods to save people.

When he had first taken a look at the young officer hanging on the rack, he knew then that his injuries were far too severe and it would be difficult to save him. Therefore, he could only use some unconventional methods. When the officer was being tortured he had not acted, and waited until he could no longer endure the huge pain and his body burned with the very last drops of his life force. Only at that very moment had he acted with his vast qi, using the most commonly seen method of a martial artist, to extend his life.

The young officer gradually opened his eyes.

The moment he looked at Ye Qingyu, he was taken aback.

His gaze was somewhat confused, somewhat conflicted.

"You are… Ye… Marquis Ye, you…" He had once seen a picture of Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu smiled slightly. "Don't speak, first rest." A surge of cold qi spat out from his palm, instantly turning the steel shackles of the rack into ice scraps. Cold silver frost enveloped the wounds of the officer, staunching the blood. Then he lightly carried him to a stone bed nearby, using a long robe to cover his bloody body.

The injuries of the officer were very serious, and he needed systematic treatment.

Only when he finished everything did Ye Qingyu look towards the young soldier Sang Fusheng.

The strength of Sang Fusheng was countless times stronger than the minor officer. The blood surging in his veins was like a massive bear, and as a result of this, his condition was many times better than the officer. After a slight rest, he could already move as he pleased. The robe on his body was already completely seeped with blood, but he acted as if he did not even notice and was in high spirits.

"Superior, what should we next?"

His body was upright and straight like a spear.

Even when he was heavily injured, he still maintained the posture of a true soldier. his figure was drawn straight like a tightly arched bow.

This was the true style of a soldier of the [Youyan army].

Ye Qingyu looked at Qi Yong and the others who were frozen where they stood, and was completely terrified. Saying calmly, "What are we going to do? Of course it’s the thing you want to do the most… you can just leave one or two alive.”

Sang Fusheng was stunned.

Then he instantly began to grin happily.

"Thank you, Marquis."

He paid his respects.

Then he turned around, heading towards Qi Yong and the others.

"Look at every one of you, your smile is so hard to look at. Come, come, come, be a little happier…" Sang Fusheng pointed, blood dripping from the tip of his finger. There was the sound of bones cracking as he moved his shoulder and slowly walked over. With a smile, "Did you not have fun just now? Now it's my turn. Come, I'll play with you!" ……

Heavens!

How was this possible!

When the frost-like water had completely covered the interrogation room and locked everyone in place, everyone including the guards at the passageway as well as the experts of the seven stars sect could feel the temperature of the cave dropping below zero. They witnessed with their own eyes, that white-clothed figure appearing without knowing when at the entrance of the cave. His entire body emitted a seeping cold that invaded their very bones, like a Death God from hell that walked step by step inside.

"Ye… Ye Qingyu!"

Qi Yong, the leader of the Violet Seven Stars sect, swallowed a fearful mouthful of saliva.

He could not believe in his own eyes. How was it that this legendary Ice Death God would appear here.

When Ye Qingyu was treating the young military officer, there was no one who dared to speak.

An indescribable terror had completely drowned everyone.

In this period of time, there was absolutely no one who had not heard of Ye Qingyu's name before. The blood and bones of hundreds of Jianghu people had caused Ye Qingyu's killing fame to spread. Right now, [The Leaf of Youyan] was one of his titles. Not only in Youyan pass, but even in the entire Jianghu and Empire, his name already had enough respect attached to it.

Qi Yong and the others knew very well that not one of them was the opponent of Ye Qingyu.

They were only responsible for interrogation here.

The true top level experts had some matters to attend to and had left today.

There completely was no one here who could even block half a move of Ye Qingyu.

The moment Ye Qingyu appeared and used his ice cold power to seal the entire room, no news and alert could be passed on.

Their group of people was like a herd of sheep waiting to be slaughtered.

When they heard Ye Qingyu say that he could do the thing he most wanted doing, Qi Yong and the others felt the sickle of the reaper pressed against their necks. The sharpness and coldness of the blade was enough to make them despair.

When these icy words were spoken like the verdict of the reaper, every word was filled with endless suppressed rage. Qi Yong and the others could only feel that even the blood in their body was so shaken it could not flow anymore, an insuppressible fear causing every one of them to quiver.

Sang Fusheng first came to before the bear shaped man.

This burly and muscular man that was filled with a malicious aura and completely covered with black hair currently has an expression that was worse than crying. He opened his mouth, but could not even managed to say anything… "Look, karma came really quickly.“

Sang Fusheng smiled, grabbing another steel implement from the rack and struck out.

Blood went flying everywhere.

The head of the black bear-like man was chopped apart like a watermelon.

The young soldier[2] did not even show the slightest hint of mercy.

There were several disciples that lost their composure and began screaming, begging in tears for mercy. They had experienced killings of the Jianghu before, and had seen blood and death. But the large majority of the time, they were on the other side of this scene, forcing such a fate onto other people. For example, when they had tortured Sang Fusheng and the military officer, this bloody and cruel scene was even more shocking than the steel implement hacking the head apart. But they gazed at the torture like watching a performance, every one of them applauding and screaming for more.

But when such a fate descended upon themselves, the terror was enough to completely envelop them.

"Hey, how could you guys be like this. Every one of you call yourself hard men of the Jianghu, can you not be afraid of the slightest thing." Sang Fusheng reprimanded with furrowed eyebrows, then seriously thought it over. "I've been splattered with blood, En,… it seems like it's not good to be too violent."

Then his gaze casted all around his surroundings, grabbing a rusty executioner’s blade in his hand.

Xiu!

The blade glimmered.

A head of a nearby Jianghu person flew through the air.

"It seems like it's slightly easier with a blade…" Sang Fusheng nodded his head in satisfaction, then his wrist moved against and the blade flashed. Another head of a Jianghu person flew through the air, blood spurting out like a geyser.

Killing people like cutting grass.

This was a true soldier that had been born from experiencing battles between the Demon Race; there was no mercy at all in his actions.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 235:


Chapter 235 - I am called Ye Congyun

“No, no, no… wait a moment, listen to what I have to say… Officer Sang, mercy, I'll say anything, I'm willing to do anything…" The Qi Yong who had previously put up a fearsome display, was right now pitiful to watch. HIs face was covered with snot and tears, his features contorted. He did his utmost to beg for his life, and if not for the fact that his body was sealed with frost, he would long have knelt and bowed.

"Look, just how laughable this situation is. In these past couple of days, you've tried to make me confess through all sorts of methods, wanting to loosen my mouth. The end result is that you are rushing to say anything…" Sang Fusheng smiled a little. "Do you think you are pitiful or not? For trash like you, what's the point of living longer?" "I…" Qi Yong opened his mouth, wanting to say something.

Xiu!

The flash of the blade was like lightning.

His head, directly flew through the air.

"It's a pity, I don't want to hear your answer." Sang Fusheng shook his head, a disgusted expression appearing on his face.

After consecutively striking out, it made him slightly tired. He originally was not in too great a condition through how much his body had gone through already. Letting out a long sigh, he rubbed away the bloodstains on the blade, frowning as he said, "The sword is too rusty, when I cut someone I can hear the sounds of the bones cracking…" He smiled as he looked at the others. "Therefore, I'm very sorry. If when I chop you up, and I don't manage to kill you in one strike, then please wait patiently, I'll quickly follow up with the second strike…"

The long robe was originally dyed with the blood from his own body. His body that had undergone torture was like a malicious ghoul who had crawled out from hell. Every step he took, he would leave bloody red footprints on the white frost. And the white teeth that he showed through his calm smile contained a killing intent that caused one to shiver in fear.

As these words were said from his mouth, there were abruptly some people who crumbled.

All sorts of howls and pleadings for mercy sounded out from different parts of the interrogation room.

Sang Fusheng did not pay attention to this at all.

He continued to use the blade, chopping out strike after strike.

The edge of the sword was really very rusty, plus he had expended too much of his strength. Therefore, when he struck out with the first strike, there really was no way he could cleanly chop someone's head off. It was like he was hacking at a tree, hammering at it again and again, until finally the head of that person was torn from his neck forcefully.

This scene was far too bloody.

Pang!PangPang!

There were strange sounds that rumbled throughout, like a hammer striking on the hides of animals.

Approximately fifteen minutes later.

The rusty blade on Sang Fusheng's hands had finally managed to hack off seven heads.

The two that remained were already completely crazy.

Sang Fusheng smiled, throwing away the blade in his hand.

He turned back, paying his respects to Ye Qingyu. "Marquis, I've already done the things you've asked me to. The two that are left over are already scared out of their wits. Right now, whatever you ask them, they will honestly answer…" As he spoke to here, he supplemented this with another sentence, "I have carefully observed them in these two days. These two fellows should be the two that knows the most about the inner workings and their bravery is also small compared to the rest of their group. They are people who should have relatively higher status in this group, you should be able to obtain some valuable information.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head. "It's been hard on you." "This is all something I should do." Sang Fusheng had an ashamed look on his face. "This time, I've really lost the face of Officer Liu. To think I would be captured by people like them…"

Ye Qingyu patted him on the shoulder.

This Sang Fusheng really was an incredible character.

One could discern, he was not a person who liked killing. He originally could take care of those Jianghu people quick and painlessly, but instead he used a method that seemed unspeakably cruel to kill them one after another. This was not him trying to take revenge for what they had done to him, but it was to break the minds of the last two people he must leave alive. He was really making an example for the two to see, and used the most primitive and brutal way to crush the wills of the last two survivors.

Even when he was experiencing the cruelest of tortures in these past two days, he was concentrating on analyzing the personality, identity and status of these people. He was figuring out who was the strongest, which of these people would be valuable and who could be used…

This really was only a miracle that a true heroic elite soldier could do.

No wonder he was one of the trusted soldiers of Liu Zongyuan, who had always carefully nourished him. If Sang Fusheng survive that long and receive normal promotion through the ranks, then within ten years, he would become another new star within the [Youyan army]…

After such a performance, Ye Qingyu could not help but revise his opinion of him.

"First, let's save him.”

Ye Qingyu did not rush to interrogate the two.

After stabilizing the injuries of the young military officer, he carefully thought it over and realized the situation was even worse than he had imagined.

The people held in the large and small individual prisons outside were all in poor condition. Even when the prisons were unlocked, they could not rush far. To want to save this crowd of people instantly was not something Ye Qingyu could do alone. Furthermore, even if they could escape, what he would do with them after was also an issue.

"We need help… I'll go notify Superior Liu!"

Sang Fusheng volunteered.

Ye Qingyu heard this and thought it over. He finally nodded his head in agreement: "Okay, get brother Zongyuan and Mad Tiger Wen to bring people here. From today onwards, the Vanguard will assume control of this new recruit training camp. Everything here will become evidence. I think that some people will very quickly become unsettled."

Ye Qingyu then looked at the Little Nine laying on his shoulder after finishing saying these words. "Little Nine, you go and bring officer Sang out. Don't disturb the people outside, do you understand?" "Woof, woof woof!" Little Nine knew it was not the time to make jokes right now, so he accepted very quickly.

"This is…" Sang Fusheng stared at Little Nine in puzzlement.

"You will know of his use in a moment." Ye Qingyu smiled.

Man and dog quickly departed.

Ye Qingyu once again observed the injuries of the young officer. After confirming he was fine, he began carefully inspecting the entire interrogation room.

There were all sorts of tools and implements in the room and seemingly to be new and freshly created. However, all of them were covered with blood. On the side, there were some beds and covers, and seemed to be the temporary resting place of the people of the sects. There were tens of jars of alcohol next to these covers and meat hanging on the walls. And on the corner, there were some leftover food and rubbish, which evidently had not been cleared out…

And in the back, on a large table, there were some scrolls and tables placed on top of it.

Ye Qingyu's eyes brightened, and went over to the table, inspecting the documents piece by piece.

Very quickly, his eyebrows rose completely, his two sword-like eyebrows like comets.

After roughly half an hour, he managed to completely finish reading all the scrolls.

"So these matters had something to do with the military supply department…"

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh.

It was a pity that these scrolls did not reveal a great deal of information. The real items that would prove to be of decisive use must be held by the important figures of both parties. Those that were left here was because they were not important.

Ye Qingyu stood up, coming to the two disciples that were about to faint from fright.

"Speak. Why have you captured so many common citizens and which sects are involved in this matter? Who is commanding you from behind the scenes?" Ye Qingyu looked at the two, his tone of voice calm and his space was expressionless. But even an idiot could sense the fury and killing intent that was like a volcano that could erupt at any moment.

How could it be possible that these two people dare conceal anything?

As the two fought over speaking first, they completely recounted everything they knew, uncovering every secret they had.

Ye Qingyu remembered all their words one by one.

"Marquis, everything we said is true. We can swear to the heaven…" "That's right, we can stand up as witnesses to these words."

The two nearly knelt on the floor.

"Stand as witnesses?" Ye Qingyu gave these to a glance, then shook his head. "I only need to know of these matters. What do I need you two to stand as witnesses for? Could it be that I am going to reason over this with them?"

The two were dumbfounded.

Ye Qingyu approximated the time. Sang Fusheng and the silly dog Little Nine should already have left.

"Thank you for your honestly. Right now you can take a rest." Ye Qingyu turned around, assisting the young officer who had already awakened to head outside the interrogation room. He did not pay attention to the two disciples who were nearly driven mad by fear.

Only until Ye Qingyu's figure disappeared from the doorway did the two let out a breath of air.

"What should we do?" "This is bad… if the sects knew we exposed their secrets, we are dead for sure."

The two discusses their next steps with their hearts beating furiously. Suddenly a gust of cold wind blew over, blowing away the frost and mist in the air. The instant the wind touched the two, the two of them were turned into ice sculptures that were frozen in place. Their frightened voices were still echoing throughout the room…

Take a rest.

An eternal rest.

From the beginning, Ye Qingyu did not plan to spare a single person in here.

They should die for the souls that have been tainted.

…… ……

After passing by the other prisons, Ye Qingyu did not release the imprisoned citizens from the other prisons.

He could only release them after Liu Zongyuan and Wen Wan brought a large group of people here. If he really unlocked the prisons, then it would instantly become a scene of chaos. Those who have been imprisoned within for so long and wanted to live would definitely rush out like mad beasts chaotically. This would only cause them to lose their lives. Only when the army of the Vanguard came could the situation be stabilized and settle these people properly.

Ye Qingyu supported the young office through the passageway, heading towards the outside.

After passing the hidden array, Ye Qingyu acted, forcefully destroying it.

At this time, he no longer cared about alerting other people.

Ye Qingyu activated the warning array, to notify those behind the scenes. He wanted to rustle the grass and startle the snake, causing those poisonous snakes behind this to jump out of their own volition. He wanted to wait at the new recruit training camp, for those people to come into his net.

"It's not our first time seeing each other. I still don't know what you are called.”

After going through the passageway and standing at the entrance of the cave, the camp was still in complete chaos. Those Jianghu people disguised as soldiers were still madly drinking, cheering and laughing. Ye Qingyu looked towards the young officer by his side.

On that day in the aid giving effort, Ye Qingyu at that time already admired the young officer very much.

Although his strength was average, there was a rare patience and stability about him.

This kind of composure would not break even when mountains crumbled was something that even many martial experts struggled to do.

In this prison, the young officer had suffered all sorts of torture and nearly lost his life. Even so, he was not willing to cooperate with Qi Yong and the others, exhibiting his stubborn and powerful will. This was not in any way less than that of the young soldier Sang Fusheng, causing Ye Qingyu to admire him even more.

If there really was a chance, he must aid this young officer in the future in the Vanguard.

Therefore, Ye Qingyu asked for his name.

"Reporting to the Marquis, this subordinate is [1] called Ye Congyun," the young officer replied.

Ye Qingyu's heart quivered, his eyes going wide. Asking in an incredulous tone, "You are Ye Congyun? You are Ye Congyun?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 236:


Chapter 236 - Ice sculpture

Ye Qingyu had not even imagined in his dreams that this scholarly little officer was the little brother Ye Congyun of the armoured sentry that he had been painstakingly searching for. Ever since arriving in Youyan Pass, Ye Qingyu had relied on many people to search for Ye Congyun. After becoming familiar with Liu Zongyuan, he had also asked this military warfare officer to look out for him. Previously there were some rough news, but because of the Demon Race invading Youyan Pass, they had not met each other…

Who would have guessed while he went everywhere in search for him, he was just in front of him?

Did this mean that he had already seen the person he was searching for, and even brushed shoulders with him?" "Superior… you've heard of my name before." Seeing Ye Qingyu's reaction, the little officer Ye Congyun was somewhat startled.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, not knowing what to say.

Guilt was brimming within his hearts.

In that snowstorm night on the Hundred Broken Mountain, those sentries had protected him with their lives. One after another, they had died horribly under the cruel methods of Liu Yuancheng and Chen Moyun. Before the armoured sentry had died, he had asked for Ye Qingyu to take care of his brother Ye Congyun… at the last moments of his life, he had trusted the person he loved the most in the entire world to Ye Qingyu, but…

Looking at the injuries on Ye Congyun's body, he could not help but feel guilty.

He had failed the duty the armoured sentry left him.

Thankfully, that day, he had told the silly dog Little Nine to investigate these matters in the [Common Liquor House] and he had rushed here at the most crucial moment. If he was slightly later, then it was most likely that Ye Congyun as well as Sang Fusheng would have been tortured to their deaths. At that time, he could not even make any reparations.

"Right now, what position are you within the Vanguard?" Ye Qingyu changed the subject, asking lightly.

"I am a minor captain, under the command of General Pei Wei." Although Ye Congyun did not know why Ye Qingyu asked this question, but he still replied really seriously.

"Do you want to continue staying in the Vanguard, or come to my White Horse tower?" Ye Qingyu came to the entrance of the cave, staring down at the chaotic scene of the camp.

There was a trace of shock flashing by Ye Congyun's face. For the him that was always calm and stable, this already was a very exaggerated expression.

This young officer looked at the hero of the [Youyan army] and thought about this proposal seriously. "To server under Marquis Ye, is the honour of countless soldiers in the Vanguard. But… Superior Pei Wei has treated me well, I…

Ye Qingyu smiled, saying, "Fine, it's a fine choice even if you stay in the Vanguard."

As he spoke to him, Ye Qingyu changed the topic yet again. "I see that your potential is decent. However, your blood qi is weak. You should have some sort of injury within your body, otherwise your strength should be slightly higher than it is right now. What happened?" "When I was small, I was heavily wounded once and it affected my foundation. Although I managed to survive, the doctors diagnosed me with a condition saying I will have weaknesses in my blood," Ye Congyun calmly replied. "I don't have enough blood qi naturally, so my cultivation will always remain within the Ordinary martial level, and I have no way to sense yuan qi."

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

So it was like this…

It seems like Ye Congyun had really suffered something severe when he was small and escaped the clutches of death.

No wonder the armoured sentry would still be concerned about his little brother even at the moment of his death.

"You rest here for a while. I'll clean up the surrounding trash." Ye Qingyu assisted the young officer to a flat boulder at the entrance of the cave, then slowly headed toward the camp down below.“

Boom!

The hidden warning array at the entrance of the cave was instantly activated.

A strong energy fluctuation spread everywhere.

The earth shuddered, shattered rock roaring and breaking apart.

Ye Qingyu's footsteps did not stop, his left palm grabbing lightly through air. Six Snow Dragon mirages roared out from his yuan qi, coiling and swirling within the air, roaring with a dragon's might. It met with the energy of the hidden array and the air suddenly froze. The originally frightening power of the array was frozen solid in the air, along with shattered rocks and grass…

This was a strange scene.

Everything that was moving within the air was abruptly frozen.

Ye Qingyu walked amongst the frozen and scattered objects in the air, like a white-clothed[1] saint striding amidst a chaotic world.

The moment he walked past them, it was as if everything around him lost its momentum, falling powerlessly to the ground.

On the places where he stepped, there were silver-coloured frost-like footsteps that appeared and disappeared. Every silver dragon was like it was real, coiling around him. Under the shine of the silver moon in the night's sky, he was like a dragon god walking amongst a warring world. Frost and coldness moved and emanated everywhere.

"Who is it?" "Someone has intruded in…" "Quickly go find senior brother…" "Surround him! "Who is it that's looking to die, quickly halt him."

In the chaotic and clamouring camp below, those Jianghu people donning military uniform in disarray finally discovered Ye Qingyu's existence. The hidden formation activated, with the powerful yuan qi fluctuations alerting them instantly. The scene was like a beehive that was struck with a stick, countless bellows came sounding out.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Countless weapons like the rain pierced through the air towards Ye Qingyu.

And the far away figures flickered. Accompanied by the movement of yuan qi, numerous figures turned into light that headed towards and surrounded Ye Qingyu.

"Return."

Ye Qingyu's palm lightly pushed out.

Those clustered weapons that shot through the air suddenly halted, then sharply whistled shooting back to where they [2] had originated from with an even more terrifying force and speed. They tore through the air, causing sparks to form through the friction with the air. They were like shooting stars arcing through the air, one after another that exploded onto the oncoming crowd.

"Ahhh…" "No, my hand…"

Tragic cries and screams broke out in the night.

And one after another vulture-like figures that seemed as if they were hunting prey, were struck abruptly. Snowflakes fluttered amongst the air, and suddenly they fell to the ground like kites that had its string cut loose.

The killing was about to begin[3] .

The Ye Congyun resting his breath on the boulder had wide open eyes.

The words Ye Qingyu, countless soldiers with Youyan Pass, could be described as thunder to their ears. Many people knew that this young Marquis had a powerful strength and did not show the slightest of mercy when he acted. There were all sorts of rumours flying around, but after all, these were still rumours. Right now, personally seeing Ye Qingyu acting and seeing these killing methods that were glorious to the extreme, Ye Congyun was deeply shaken.

The imagined scene of blood flying everywhere and hacked off limbs did not appear.

The silver mirages of the Snow Dragons tore through the air, piercing through the body of all the Jianghu people. One could then see those fellows with sinister expressions, transforming in a translucent silver statue. Under the shine of the moonlight, they let out the splendour of jade as they fell through the air. Upon landing on the ground, they were shattered into ice scraps…

Countless silver Snow Dragons surged out from the white-clothed figure on the mountain ledge, tearing through the sky.

There was no blood, no bones.

Everything was turned into ice scraps.

Those thirty or forty experts of the Jianghu, did not even manage to last ten breaths. They all plummeted to the ground, becoming shattered ice. It was as if after the Snow Dragon had pierced through their body, all the blood and flesh had disappeared and left only with ice.

There was not any blood at the scene of these killings.

A terrifying ice yuan qi.

Within the air, frost and chill spread throughout.

Even a retard, in such a crushing scene, would feel trepidation.

Those experts of the Jianghu that originally rushed furiously stared[4] tongue tied as they saw this killing scene that was like art. They could not muster any more courage, scrambling backwards in fear, the muscles in their legs about to cramp up.

The sounds of dragon roars pierced through the air.

The silver Snow Dragons danced everywhere under the heavens. Under the moonlight, it was like the work of a deity.

Everywhere the Snow Dragons passed, the chill showed no mercy. It constantly reaped their lives away.

Run!"

Someone let out a cry, turning and running "I am the disciple of the Deer Cauldron sect. Who is it?” There was someone who reported their name and sect, wanting to remind Ye Qingyu that he was a disciple of a large sect and Ye Qingyu best not kill him.” "No… we've already joined the [Youyan army], we're someone belonging to the Empire. You can't kill us…” there were some people who did not belong to famous sects, so they subconsciously threw out the banner of the [Youyan army].

"As a human, why would you killed your own comrades?" There were even people who tried to take the moral high ground shooting out.

Opposite.

Ye Qingyu's expression, did not change at all.

His yuan qi was activated to the extreme. Thirty yuan qi silver dragons constantly formed everywhere around[5] him. This was the might of a martial expert, the complete suppression of a martial cultivation realm. The experts of the Jianghu in front of him were at the most at the twenty Spirit springs level. In the eyes of normal people, they were almighty experts, but to the Ye Qingyu today, they held no difference from toddlers.

Even if there were fifty or sixty people in front of him.

The large difference in realms caused all numbers to be pointless.

The killing did not stop in the least.

There was once the sinister laugh of these people sounding out within the streets of Youyan Pass. Seeing the tragic scenes of the people and witnessing the experience of Sang Fusheng and Ye Congyun, seeing the ugliness of Qi Yong and the others, Ye Qingyu's impression of the Jianghu people was already the worst it could ever be. Even if there were good people within the sects, everyone that appeared tonight in the camp here would die.

He killed the people of the Xuan sect, he killed the [Painting Fan] and [Golden Jade], he killed the [Five Poisons Gongzi]…

After killing so many trashes and clowns, the awaited peace still had not descended to Youyan Pass. There were still people who refused to act honestly.

Ye Qingyu felt it must be that he had not still beaten fear and pain into them yet.

Since it was like so, then let’s go again.

Humans would after all fear death.

The madder the ambition and the more tempting the desire, in front of the threat of death, everyone would become logical.

Since they were not willing to take a step back, then what awaited them was the judgement of death.

This was Ye Qingyu's principle.

At this time, he would absolutely not stop.

The roars of dragons sounded.

The ground was filled with the scraps of ice.

There were one after another figures of people running madly or begging for mercy. The Snow Dragon illusions still pierced their bodies. Then they transformed into ice statues[6] with expressions of terror and desperation, maintaining their fleeing stances, like statues of perfect art. At this time, they seemed like pitiful, sorrowful and hateful clowns all at the same time…

One…

Two…

In the chaotic camp, there were countless ice statues.[7]

It was as if an extreme cold had arrived.

Ye Qingyu walked past this chaotic and shattered camp.

Coming to the entrance of the large camp, he finally halted.

There were still some people who had escaped.

This was for the best. If he had killed everyone, who would be left to tell the people who were planning and plotting in the background?

Ye Qingyu stood where he was with a smile.

He was still waiting.

Waiting until those true experts holding real power would appear.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

