Chapter 1037:


Chapter 1052, What great magisterial awe



Save people?

It turned out to be for that reason.

Ye Qingyu's mind was racing with countless thoughts.

Could it be a trap?

If the First Deputy Envoy wanted to frame him, the most effective plan was to use this method, luring him to save the subordinates of Lin Yutang, and then frame him for collusion with the traitor Lin Yutang. That would definitely put him in a very bad position.

But there was also the possibility that it wasn’t a trap.

Lin Yutang had said that his former close subordinates had all mysteriously disappeared, many had been dismissed, which matched with Tang Chong's statement. It was well known that, when Ren Puyang was still around, Tang Chong and Lin Yutang's relationship was very good, thus it was reasonable for Tang Chung to protect Lin Yutang's close subordinates.

Ye Qingyu had only thought over it for a moment before he came to a decision.

“Let's go, take me there.”

He got up, ignored the Great Great Dragon Turtle Demon, who had been making eye signals beside him, and left the Heaven Wasteland Building with Tang Chong.

Whether it was a trap or not, Ye Qingyu had to go.

He couldn’t leave the loyal White-robed Divine Guards to be slaughtered. Ren Puyang had already been killed, the loyal and righteous people of the Human Race headquarters were at a disadvantage position, and the White-robed Divine Guards, who the First Deputy Envoy was after, were Human Race elites loyal to Ren Puyang before and thus must not die.

……

……

The West District of Heaven Connect City.

Compared to the prosperity of the other three districts, the west side was relatively rustic.

Of course, this was only in comparison, the most shabby place in Heaven Connect City was also a thriving place compared to other cities and domains.

Blue Cloud Manor was not a particular famous manor in the West District, and the Lord of the manor, a martial artist of the Human Race, dwelled in deep seclusion and rarely came out. The majority of his time was spent in cultivation. Very few people had seen this mysterious expert, who bought this manor decades ago and had been living in harmony with the neighbours all this time.

In the sky, fragments of snowflakes were still fluttering.

It was already dusk.

The main entrance to Blue Cloud Manor was on Wuqing Street.

Wuqing street, one of the ten great streets in the West District, was wide and flat, and could accommodate twenty carriages running side by side. There were shops on both sides of the street, people were shuttling back and forth, and even if the sun was about to set, it was still as bustling as before. Many wine shops, restaurants, inns had lit formation lanterns, ready to welcome the night.

The day and night of Heaven Connect City were not much different.

Suddenly, a hurried warning sound rattled across Wuqing street.

All beings on the street had an abrupt change of expression.

Then there was a clatter of hooves as white torrents poured in from both the east and west side of Wuqing street. The speed was extremely fast, arriving in front of the Blue Cloud Manor in the blink of an eye. It was the two hundred White-robed Divine Guards of the Domain Alliance, sitting astride the muscular backs of single-horned cloud-swallowing beasts. The entire Blue Cloud Manor was fully encircled, and among them there were great formation masters setting up formations of isolation and interference to prevent the people inside from using formation transportations to escape.

“The White-robed Divine Guards are arresting criminals. People that have nothing to do with it leave immediately, otherwise, they will be punished with the same crime.”

A loud roar rocked the streets.

At the same time, in the sky, there were twenty black fish-shaped airships lowering from a height, stopping in the Void two hundred meters above the Blue Cloud Manor using a strange formation. A series of formation light arcs were linking the different airships, forming a red-black light screen, like dark clouds falling down, and fully shrouded the entire Blue Cloud Manor.

The citizens on the street broke into spirited discussions.

“What's going on?”

“When did Blue Cloud Manor anger the White-robed Divine Guards?”

“It's not just the White-robed Divine Guards, look, the black fish airships in the sky are the battleship of the Demon Race headquarters. Even the Demon Race's Black Guards are here. What had the Blue Cloud Manor done to anger both the Human Race and Demon Race at the same time?”

“They wouldn't be looking for the remaining people of the former commander of the White-robed Divine Guards, Lin Yutang, right? Recently, this is the biggest matter in Heaven Connect City. To alarm the Human Race's White-robed Divine Guards and the Demon Race's Black Guards, could the Blue Cloud Manor be Lin Yutang's property?”

Recently, there had been a lot of storm-like changes in Heaven Connect City. As a result, the people on the streets, the shopkeeper and waiters began to obtain some clues.

Everybody kept a good distance from the Blue Cloud Manor.

After all, this was a wrestling between the higher-ups of the Domain Alliance, thus they must not get involved.

Otherwise, they might not even know how they died.

In the blink of an eye, the whole Blue Cloud Manor was tightly surrounded, all kinds of formations were activated. Whether it was the sky, the ground or underground, everywhere was blocked by different forces. There were endless chain formations flashing, and terrifying power fluctuating. With such a frightening siege, even an invisible gust of spring breeze couldn’t float out of the manor.

“The people inside listen up, in ten seconds, open the door and surrender, otherwise, all will be killed, the whole Blue Cloud Manor will be flattened.”

A forty-year-old commander of the White-robed Divine Guards on a single-horned cloud-swallowing beast bellowed, surging with yuan qi.

The voice, like a rolling thunder, spread clearly within a ten-kilometer radius.

When he finished speaking, he waved his hand, and suddenly the White-robed Divine Guards all unsheathed their weapons. Yuan qi surged, like a torrent of white steel, in the direction of the entrance of the Blue Cloud Manor. The atmosphere suddenly tensed up.

But the door did not open.

The commander of the White-robed Divine Guards gave a cold smile and no longer said anything else.

A lieutenant beside him was counting.

When it was time, and if the entrance to the manor were not open, they would immediately storm in. At that time the entire Blue Cloud Manor would be turned to ruins, completely flattened.

The scene was watched by countless eyes in the distance.

“Sigh, speaking of which, Lin Yutang was one of the most powerful people in the headquarters of the Human Race. His reputation is extremely good, who would have thought that once he fell from grace, not only was he thrown into prison, but those White-robed Divine Guards loyal to him would be named traitors and hunted down. It really is hard to understand.”

“Do you think that Lin Yutang really killed Lord Ren Puyang?”

“I don't believe it, I have seen Commander Lin Yutang before. He is an upright and heroic man, also extremely friendly and polite. He absolutely would not do that kind of berserk thing, there is something fishy about this.”

“Shh! Quiet! You dare to say such a thing.”

In the distance, in a shop called [Jade Pavilion], dozens of people were gathered together, speaking in hushed tones and looking at the Blue Cloud Manor with sympathy.

Soon, ten seconds of time had passed.

“Hmph, dare to resist arrest. Storm in!”

Before his voice faded.

Suddenly, the door of the Blue Cloud Manor creaked opened lightly.

Then a little more and a little more until the door was completely open.

Dozens of guards of the Blue Cloud Manor rushed out, divided into two rows on the left and right sides of the entrance, all clad in the same blue-green armour. Under the guard's protection, another group of figures slowly came out, headed by a middle-aged man in a violet silk robe. He was tall and burly, eyes bright and exuded an extremely imposing manner. He was the Lord of the Blue Cloud Manor.

Behind him he was followed by more than thirty figures.

These people were all young martial artists, dressed in white robes and wearing a light helmet. It was the uniform of the White-robed Divine Guards of the Human Race. Each and every one of them had a look of grief and indignation across their face as they strode out.

“It turns out to be Commander Fang Bule, excuse me for not going out to meet you.” The Lord of the Blue Cloud Manor came to the entrance, and gave a cupped fist salute. “Forgive me, I wonder what Commander had come here for?”

The commander opposite was called Fang Bule, one of the four great commanders of the White-robed Divine Guards along with Lin Yutang and Tang Chong, also one of the strongest great masters of Heaven Connect City.

It was rumoured that this was not his real name, but because he always has a straight face and never smiled, somebody gave him the nickname ‘Fang Bule’. He was very satisfied with the name and simply changed his name to this.

“You should be well aware of why I came.”

Fang Bule’s eyes were piercing cold, “Don’t tell me you don’t know that the people behind you are all traitors of the White-robed Divine Guards, are Lin Yutang's subordinates. You dare to shelter them, you must also be Lin Yutang's accomplice. A little Blue Cloud Manor dares to fight against the Domain Alliance, do you want to die? I advise you to surrender, otherwise wait to be killed.”

Fang Bule was taken aback when he saw the Lord of the Blue Cloud Manor and the others swagger out.

But he immediately realized that the Lord of the manor was most likely going to abandon the pawns to save the chariot, hand over the traitors of the White-robed Divine Guards in order to protect Blue Cloud Manor. This choice was also the one that the White-robed Divine Guards would make if they do not want to involve the Lord of the Blue Cloud Manor.

But Fang Bule would not let the people of the Blue Cloud Manor get off the crime.

After all, the more he arrests, the greater credit he would have. Moreover, the Lord of the Blue Cloud Manor was rumoured to be close friends with Tang Chong. If this person was framed, he may even be able to implicate Tang Chong, suppress this competitor. In addition, the area of the Blue Cloud Manor was not small at all, and it would also be a great asset to be able to take this opportunity to swallow it up.

“In my manor, there are only the loyal defenders of the Human Race, there is no traitor.” The Lord of the Blue Cloud Manor gave a faint smile, “Commander must have made a mistake, please go back. These are fellow soldiers of the Human Race, who you have fought side by side with. Why go so far?”

“What do you mean by this, you want to shelter these traitors?” Fang Bule did not expect the Lord of the manor to have no intention of handing over the people he wanted, and instead spoke to him in this tone.

“They are soldiers loyal to the Human Race who were framed. Anyone with righteousness will not sit idly by.” The Lord of the manor did not have the slightest expression of fear on his face. “Commander Fang Bule you are also one of the commanders of the White-robed Divine Guards, you should know that they’re innocent. You are born of the same root, why torment them so cruelly?”

“Hahahaha, the Lord of the Blue Cloud Manor really wants to die. Someone like you dares to talk to me like this?” Fang Bule burst into laughter, but his smile did not seem happy in the slightest, instead it was fierce and terrifying.

When he finished, he no longer wasted time. With a wave of his hand, Fang Bule added, “Who are you to dare to lecture me? Listen to my order, attack and kill every one of them, do not let anyone go. No matter who it is, they must be killed. The remaining members of Lin Yutang’s group should not live on this world, Blood wash Blue Cloud Manor as a warning to others!”

In an instant, the sound of shouting and killing broke out.

The White-robed Divine Guards outside were advancing forward.

A vicious battle was about to begin.

That was when a voice sounded.

“Commander Fang Bule, what great magisterial awe… What, are you going to get rid of me too?” Ye Qingyu slowly came out from behind the Lord of the Blue Cloud Manor, with unconcealable anger on his face, “It really is an eye-opener for me, this is the graceful bearing of the divine commander of my Human Race, good, very good!” —

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1038:


Chapter 1053, Say one more word and you will die



Ye Qingyu had been here a long time ago.

After Tang Chong notified him, he immediately returned to the Domain Alliance Divine Hall.

It was inconvenient for him to show up.

Ye Qingyu also did not want him to appear in Blue Cloud Manor.

The Lord of the Blue Cloud Manor was called Huang Tianfang, a righteous and chivalrous person, who did not belong to any sect or faction. He was lucky to obtain the inheritance of an ancient sect and became famous among the Human Race. He and Tang Chong met and became friends after an exchange of blows, turning hostility into friendship. After he settled in Heaven Connect City, he also often met up with Tang Chong. Therefore, he promised Tang Chong's request to take in the White-robed Divine Guards that were being hunted down.

After he met Ye Qingyu and confirmed his identity, Huang Tianfang was excited and surprised.

He was originally an admirer of Ye Qingyu, and after Tang Chong's introduction, was completely obedient to the arrangement of Ye Qingyu. He gathered all the White-robed Divine Guards together to discuss countermeasures with Ye Qingyu. What made Ye Qingyu surprised was that, among these White-robed Divine Guards, unexpectedly there were the four martial artists who were ordered to station in the Heaven Wasteland Building and had sheltered the people of Heaven Wasteland Domain from the wind and rain before.

Everything after that was done following Ye Qingyu's arrangement.

Then, there was the scene at the entrance of Blue Cloud Manor.

Huang Tianfang incomparably believed in Ye Qingyu, and was incomparably righteous.

What he had said to Fang Bule was naturally equivalent to completely breaking of relations with the powerful commander who held real power.

The atmosphere was somewhat tense.

Fang Bule was taken aback for a moment, eyes falling on Ye Qingyu, and quickly reacted over.

He smiled faintly, “I was thinking who it was, it turns out to be Lord Deputy Envoy. I pay respect to Lord Deputy Envoy.” He was still sitting astride the back of the single-horned beast. He simply gave a fist salute and then said, “I do not know why Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu is at Blue Cloud Manor, could it be...”

“Could it be what?” Ye Qingyu interrupted him, sneering, “what? Commander Fang Bule is also going to pin the crime of traitor on me too?”

“This... I don't dare to.”

Looking at Ye Qingyu's mocking eyes, Fang Bule was startled for a moment.

In truth, just now, he really had an impulse to list Ye Qingyu as one of the traitors, but soon he cleared his mind. This Ye Qingyu was after all Ren Puyang's trusted aide, and there were rumours that he was Ren Puyang ‘biological son’. He was also the Third Deputy Envoy of the Human Race. Although it was only a nominal post, it was an honourable title. It would not be so simple to frame him, thus he hurriedly put away this thought.

“Is that right? Commander Fang Bule doesn’t dare to?” Ye Qingyu face was twisted with undisguised anger. “You could easily say you were going to destroy someone’s home and kill everybody, if you weren’t wearing the Divine white-robed armour that symbolizes the glory of the Human Race, I really would have thought you were a group of inhuman bandits attempting to storm into the Blue Cloud Manor.”

“Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu, this is the order of the First Deputy Envoy, who dares to disobey him? If you refuse to obey, then please go find Deputy Envoy Ou Wuji, why give this strange speech here.” Fang Bule coldly grinned, then added impatiently, “Forgive me, I have official business to carry out, and cannot waste time chatting with Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu. I ask Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu to quickly get out of the way and not make a mistake.”

“What if I don't move aside?”

No matter who was guilty and who was not guilty, based on Fang Bule’s attitude alone, he knew that he was not a good person.

It was really puzzling as to why such a ruthless and vicious person had occupied the position of one of the four great commanders of the White-robed Divine Guards. For someone like him to hold such a high position was not a blessing to the Human Race. Could Mister Ren Puyang not have realized this?

Ye Qingyu's heart was already filled with killing intent.

“Not moving aside?” Fang Bule also laughed coldly. “If I give you face, you’re Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu. If I don’t give face to you, you’re just a junior of the Human Race with an undeserved reputation. Swords and knives do not have eyes, don’t make a mistake, otherwise if any accident were to happen, haha, it would be too late to regret it.”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

“Based on your face alone, you cannot sit on the position of one of the four great commanders... Get lost.”

With that, Ye Qingyu raised his hand, gently thrusting out his palm.

Invisible majestic power instantaneously gushed forth.

Others could not perceive anything, but Fang Bule, in this moment, felt a terrifying power bubbling up like an undercurrent. An unprecedented sense of crisis had shrouded him.

“You... want to die!” Fang Bule roared.

He did not think that, in such a situation, Ye Qingyu would dare to recklessly and brazenly attack him. In shock, anger surged and an intense hatred suddenly rose. He activated his power to its peak, and unable to pull out the sword strapped at his waist in time, he gathered his hands into fists and struck out with a loud rumble. Two golden fist images formed in the air, like a meteor falling from the sky, and a golden brilliance erupted. His imposing manner was terrifying and tyrannical.

As one of the four great commanders, Fang Bule was a master among the masters.

Back when Fang Bule moved unhindered across the Vast Thousand Domains, Ye Qingyu was not yet born.

In this moment, no one thought that Fang Bule would lose.

But...

“Boom!”

Invisible vibrations rippled across the Void.

The moment the dazzling golden fist was formed it was all of a sudden crushed by an invisible force.

And Fang Bule's burly body, also struck by the invisible force, produced a burst of crackling bone fracturing sound, before he spewed out jets of blood. His face instantly turned gloomy like thin gold, and like a sack, was uncontrollably thrown off from the back of the single-horned beast, crashing into the troops at the back. It was unknown how many people he had sent flying.

Exclamations of anger and shock instantly sounded.

The dozens of White-robed Divine Guards subconsciously charged over.

“Get lost!”

Ye Qingyu thundered.

The sound waves erupted like a wave.

The White-robed Divine Guards all saw stars dance before their eyes, as they were sent flying like the outer hulls of rice.

Commotion broke out.

Countless shocking glances were projected onto Ye Qingyu.

He dared to do that?

How dare he do that?

Now in Heaven Connect City, the remaining members of Lin Yutang’s group could be said to be detested by all and hunted down by all races. It was difficult for them to turn over. Everyone avoided them like the plague, but Ye Qingyu dared to, in broad daylight, on Wuqing street, and under so many gazes, seriously wound one of the four great commanders in order to protect these people. This behaviour was simply too crazy.

Had he gone crazy?

Such a thought surfaced in the minds of countless people.

“You... the one with the surname Ye, do you know what you are doing?” Fang Bule stood up in rage, shook away the soldiers who had come over to help him, and like a raging lion, roared, “How dare you attack me? How dare you sneak up on me? You think you can do anything just because you have that bullshit Deputy Envoy title hanging in front you... Today, don’t think of leaving here, I think you’re also one of Lin Yutang's people.”

He pulled out the sword strapped at his waist with a clang, piercing cold light filling the air.

“Come, come and surround him, ready the formation... we must capture him at all costs.” The tip of his sword was firmly pointing at Ye Qingyu, face sinister and fierce, and his eyes were filled with killing intent.

“It seems you don't have a good memory.”

Ye Qingyu shook his head, raised his hand into the air, and then suddenly pressed down slowly.

“Get down on your knees.”

A giant silver semi-translucent palm interwoven with formation markings appeared out of nowhere above Fang Bule’s head, and then suddenly pressed down.

Boom!

Terrifying power exploded.

“You...” Fang Bule attempted to resist.

But as Ye Qingyu's transparent giant palm pressed down, Fang Bule could only feel that the yuan qi in his body was difficult to operate, instantly suppressed, and that his yuan qi channels simply failed to flow smoothly. Being crushed by the tremendous pressure, it was no use no matter how he struggled. He could feel his knees weakening as he uncontrollably knelt on the ground, breaking the stone ground. Cracks were seen spreading out like a spider's web, centering around his knees.

“Ye Qingyu... you... how dare you... I...” Fang Bule struggled frantically.

With his hands pushing against the ground, he attempted to stand up, but simply could not lift himself up in the slightest. He stared at Ye Qingyu with eyes blazing with rage. Those eyes were extremely fierce, sinister, as though wishing to shred Ye Qingyu to pieces.

“You little bastard from a lowly domain... you... I'm going to kill you, I'm going to kill you...” Being insulted by Ye Qingyu in such a way and in front of so many people had almost made Fang Bule turn mad. He had never felt so embarrassed in his life, which to him was worse than death.

“If you scold me again, I'll make you shut up forever.” Ye Qingyu looked him in the eye, uttering each word loud and clear.

Fang Bule instinctively wanted to open his mouth and curse.

But when he saw Ye Qingyu's expression, noticed the emotion in Ye Qingyu's eyes, the anger and madness in his heart suddenly vanished like smoke in thin air. There was not the slightest threat in Ye Qingyu's eyes, or the slightest ripple. That calmness was like he saw an irritating bug, which made Fang Bule immediately realize that Ye Qingyu was not threatening him, he really dared to kill a commander of the White-robed Divine Guards on the street.

At this moment, Fang Bule suddenly thought of Ye Qingyu's crazy reputation, thought of Ye Qingyu's nickname called ‘Demon King Ye’. He was cold-blooded, ruthless, walked through the road of blood and fire, and had trampled on the bones of countless foreign race experts. This Ye Qingyu was a madman, a madman who was unafraid to do anything.

Then, at once, he realized something else.

How could the gap between him and Ye Qingyu be so huge?

The Ye Qingyu before, even if his name shook the Road of Chaos, his real fighting strength was still on the same level with the four major commanders of the White-robed Divine Guards. Fang Bule asked himself, “Even if I am no match for Ye Qingyu, I shouldn’t have been so easily defeated and humiliated by Ye Qingyu?” The way Ye Qingyu suppressed him was as easy as pushing down a toddler learning to walk.

The strength of this Demon King Ye had improved again?

To what extent has he grown?

A series of information flashed through the mind of Fang Bule, and then fear and regret uncontrollably surfaced in his heart. Finally, under the watchful gaze of countless people, in front of the disbelief of all those who were paying attention to this scene, and the astonishment of the White-robed Divine Guards, he slowly lowered his head, buried between his arms, and no longer dared to speak or struggle again.

Fear dispels anger.

Reasoning made him choose to shut up.

Otherwise, Fang Bule knew clearly that he would have been pinched to death like a bug.

And when one dies, there's nothing left.

The corners of Ye Qingyu's mouth were curved upwards in a contemptuous smile.

Suddenly in the sky there were flashes of black light, as six Black Guards of the Demon Race descended from the fish airship above.

They were headed by a figure that was shrouded all over in violet demonic qi and emitting an extremely powerful and tyrannical aura.

The moment they landed, a figure burst into sharp laughter, “Hahaha, wonderful, wonderful, I did not expect to see such a wonderful story. There is a traitor in the White-robed Divine Guards, and you could not settle this yourself. No wonder you need the assistance of our Divine Demon Guards. Haha, Fang Bule, you really are a disgrace. Say, do you also need me to help you get rid of this man, the Third Deputy Envoy of the Human Race?”

The Black Guards of the Demon Race finally couldn't help meddling——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1039:


Chapter 1054 I Disagree


This mission should have been a timely cooperation between the Black Guards of the Demon Race and the White-robed Divine Guards.

The Black Fish airship of the Demon Race had sealed off the void, and the Black Guards had originally not intended to physically take part in the battle. And although their presence was just for security, Ye Qingyu's sudden appearance turned the tables on them. Now, they had no choice but to interfere.

"Who do think you are to interfere in the internal matters of the Human Race? You're courting your own death."

Huang Tianfang was enraged and immediately began shouting at the guards.

He was already angry about the sudden appearance of the Black Fish airship of the demons, which had sealed off access to the airspace above Blue Cloud Manor, and upon hearing the Black Guards insult Ye Qingyu, the Third Deputy Envoy of the Human Race, in such a manner, the public-spirited Lord of the manor could no longer hold himself back.

"I'm Purple Night."

The expert from the Demon Race stared at Huang Tianfang as he spoke with purple demonic energy circling around him. He looked as though he was staring at a dead man, and he began to laugh coldly.

He was the [Demon Sage], Purple Night, one of the six leaders of the Black Guards from the headquarters of the Alliance of Domains.

He was an expert from the Demon Race who had entered the Great Saint realm just a year ago.

Over the past year, his name had become very famous in Heaven Connect City. He had progressed even further to reign supreme over the leaders of the White-robed Divine Guards, such as Lin Yutang, Tang Chong, and Fang Bule. His fame led him to gradually become arrogant, and his manner turned extremely vicious. He was known to react vengefully to people who just stared at him, and he even tortured someone who had taken one glance too many at him by removing that person's limbs, eyes, and tongue. He would surely sentence Huang Tianfang to death for speaking to him so impudently, and he would most definitely make this human suffer terribly before allowing him to die.

"You're the [Demon Sage], Purple Night?"

Huang Tianfang's expression changed a little upon realizing who he was talking to.

He had arrived in Heaven Connect City a few years before, but he had mostly remained indoors to train in self-isolation. He had heard of the [Demon Sage's] name but had never seen him before, and he had not expected for Purple Night to lead the Black Guards during this particular mission. All of a sudden, Huang Tianfang began to worry for Ye Qingyu, and he glanced at the deputy.

"Huang Tianfang, Lord of Blue Cloud Manor? Very well, haha, I'll remember you," the [Demon Sage] replied. He did not physically assault Huang Tianfang, but instead began to laugh coldly. It was best to begin torturing someone mentally, and to only move against them when their mind was broken. Since time was on his side, he could afford to attend to more pressing matters first.

Thereupon, he continued to laugh coldly as he taunted, "Hehe... Fang Bule, do you want me to help you? Hmm? Have you been scared by this junior of ours so much that you don't even dare to speak now?"

Indeed, Fang Bule, who was kneeling on the ground, did not dare to even speak a single word.

Not even a single word.

He did not even take a single look at the [Demon Sage].

One could just sense the terrible power of Ye Qingyu while being suppressed by the god of death. Fang Bule did not feel that Purple Night, the [Demon Sage], could gain any advantage in a fight with Ye Qingyu, and he did not think that interference from the Black Guards of the Demon Race would change things.

A look of sullenness flashed across Purple Night's face.

He turned around to face Ye Qingyu. "Ye Qingyu, the Third Deputy Envoy of the Human Race, right? The order to capture Lin Yutang and the others came from the divine temple of the Alliance of Domains. You're merely a Third Deputy Envoy from the Human Race, and an honorary deputy to boot. You have no actual authority, so how dare you defy orders and publicly humiliate a leader of the White-robed Divine Guards! You've committed a heinous crime. Do you still deny that?"

There was a mysterious power contained in his voice, and it was accompanied by the pressure only an expert in the Great Saint realm could produce. It exploded suddenly and shot toward Ye Qingyu.

A derisive smile appeared on the [Demon Sage]'s face.

It was as if he was already picturing the image of Ye Qingyu being knocked backward clumsily from the force of his attack.

His smile, however, would eventually freeze on his face.

This was because Ye Qingyu remained still in his original spot. Before the mysterious force and Great Saint realm level of pressure could reach him, it strangely dissipated, as if it had been swallowed up by the air around Ye Qingyu. Not a single hair on his head had moved, much less knocked him backward.

"Huh?" Purple Night said, surprised.

He was just about to continue speaking, but all of a sudden he noticed that the corners of Ye Qingyu's lips had curled into a sneer. Before he could even react, a sudden, formless energy wave surged toward him. It instantly made the [Demon Sage] feel pathetic about himself, as if he was just a speck of dust in the vast universe. His vision blurred, and he did not know why but he began to see illusory images of a divine golden dragon raising its five-fingered claw at him. It clawed off his head with one blow, and he nearly screamed in fright. He kept retreating, looking extremely flustered.

The image vanished very quickly.

The [Demon Sage] let out a loud yell. A bead of cold sweat flowed down from his forehead, and he seemed to be in extreme panic. Upon further examination, he realized that he had taken dozens of steps backward and that his five subordinates were looking at him in shock and complete disbelief.

Ye Qingyu was standing opposite him with a look of contempt and mockery on his face.

"I..."

Purple Night wanted to speak, but no words would come out of his mouth.

He already understood that he had wanted to display his power but ended up making a fool of himself instead. He had been suppressed by Ye Qingyu's aura, knocked backward by it, and lost his self-control in public.

How could this have happened?

He was already in the Great Sage realm and he had long trained his mind and spirit to be impenetrable. He was already at the peak of the martial arts community of the Vast Thousand Worlds, and even experts at the peak of the Great Saint level could not have made him look so bad just by using their aura alone. How did Ye Qingyu manage to do that?

A mysterious technique?

It must be some sort of mysterious technique that targets one's spirit,
he thought.

The [Demon Sage] was in shock and anger.

He could have still somehow accepted defeat if Ye Qingyu had forced him to stumble backward in a full-on battle, but he could never accept that he had been defeated just by his aura alone.

However, the most terrifying aspect of mysterious techniques that targeted the spirit was that they attacked suddenly. As long as one took the necessary precautions in advance, such techniques would not be much of a threat.

The [Demon Sage], Purple Night, had already realized this and focused his mind, condensing his spirit as one. He secretly prepared himself for any sudden onslaughts and slowly walked forward.

"You... How dare you use mysterious techniques to attack me covertly!"

He accused his opponent, but in fact, he was trying to cover for his loss of image just now.

"So, it was a sneak attack."

"No wonder..."

"So his opponent used some secret spirit-targeting technique. It makes sense now."

Comments of sudden realization could be heard all around.

Earlier on, they had watched Purple Night scream and act as if he was insane after Ye Qingyu had sneered at him. It had given every living being on Wuqing street a huge shock. After all, the [Demon Sage] was an expert who had become very famous lately in Heaven Connect City, so Ye Qingyu's power was truly terrifying if he could defeat the [Demon Sage] just by using his aura alone.

Ye Qingyu was speechless.

And too lazy to explain it as well.

The pressure generated by a Quasi-emperor was enough to cause an expert at the peak of the Great Saint realm to hallucinate. Even though Ye Qingyu had still not entered the Quasi-emperor realm, he was extremely close to it. The suppressive aura that he had unleashed just now was something that he had picked up after observing Quasi-emperors in battle in the void of the universe. He managed to learn the nuances of aura-channeling, and it was something that was beyond martial artists like Purple Night who had just stepped foot into the Great Saint realm. As such, the [Demon Sage] could only come up with the explanation that Ye Qingyu had used a spirit-targeting mysterious technique.

"I can't be bothered to talk nonsense with you."

Ye Qingyu did not want to waste any more time. His figure blurred, then he appeared in front of Purple Night instantly before punching out at the [Demon Sage].

"Are you trying to court death...? [Deity Submerging Claw]!" Purple Night roared in anger.

He reacted very quickly. A purplish aura circled around his entire body, and the divine light covering his hands transformed into a set of scaly talons that flashed with a purplish glow. They grabbed hold of Ye Qingyu's fists instantly.

Purple Night was originally a heavenly falcon from the line of dragons before he had attained the Dao. There was natural dragon's blood in his body, and coupled with the fact that he was a descendant of heavenly falcons, his claws were extremely terrifying. He had shredded countless strong martial artists with his talent and sharp talons, and even experts that were stronger than him dared not meet them head-on. The [Demon Sage] laughed loudly after he managed to grab hold of Ye Qingyu's hands and channeled his strength into his talons, intending to grind Ye Qingyu's fists into dust!

"Child's play."

Ye Qingyu sneered.

He then unleashed the might of the [Great Light Dragon Punch].

Bam!

Bloody spit and bones flew into the air.

The [Demon Sage's] sharp talons split open instantly, like ceramic that had burst open, and turned into pulpy flesh.

The gulf between their martial prowess and comprehension of the realms was simply too huge. Even though Ye Qingyu had purposely kept most of his power in check and not used his Divine Emperor sword will, the talons of the [Demon Sage] had exploded into a bloody mess. He was completely unconcerned about the welfare of his opponent.

Purple Night, however, was in complete shock.

He was so shaken that he forgot about his pain.

In an instant, his mind had turned completely blank.

How could this happen?

He could not accept the result of their fight at all.

"Be careful, my lord."

"What impudence!"

However, the other five Black Guards of the Demon Race reacted and unleashed their strongest powers at the same time while they surrounded Ye Qingyu and tried to save the [Demon Sage] from danger. Waves of demonic energy surged instantly as all five of them leapt into battle. Their weapons glinted as they charged at Ye Qingyu with the force of a storm, as if they wanted to overwhelm and crush him by force.

"Scram!"

Ye Qingyu shouted as he took a step forward.

Massive yuan qi was unleashed from his body for an instant before being absorbed back.

The other people on Wuqing street had not sensed anything, but the expression of the five Black Guards changed drastically, and they exclaimed in shock.

In an instant, they felt as though Ye Qingyu was like a deity who had descended upon their world. They realized that their attacks had rebounded off him, and even that rebound contained a huge, magnificent, and uncontrollable force. It shot back toward them with a great unstoppable force, and they were knocked backward through the air, blood spewing out of their mouths. They crashed into a stone tablet erected a long distance away on the street, leaving trails of blood on it, and lay twitching on the ground like dead dogs, their fates unknown.

The [Demon Sage] had just regained his senses at that moment and hastily retreated.

"You... How dare you harm the Black Guards of the Demon Race..." he shouted, sensing that things were quickly turning south for him and his men.

Ye Qingyu took a giant stride forward and appeared before Purple Night in an instant. He kicked the [Demon Sage's] knees, and there was a sickening crunch as Purple Night knelt onto the ground squealing.

"I'm a leader of the Demon Race, you can't..." the [Demon Sage] shouted wildly. He was beginning to feel scared.

Ye Qingyu gave him a huge slap, knocking a handful of teeth out of the demon's mouth in the process.

Blood spewed out of Purple Night's mouth. "You... Do you want to wage war against the Demon Race?" he roared.

"You aren't fit to represent the entire Demon Race yet," Ye Qingyu replied as he stepped on the demon's chest with one foot, breaking a few of his ribs in the process. He looked down at his opponent and continued in an icy tone, "I should be asking whether you people are planning to wage war against the Human Race instead! You Black Guards of the Demon Race appeared in the sky above Blue Cloud Manor and seized the human White-robed Divine Guards!"

"I'm acting upon orders..." the [Demon Sage] instinctively tried to explain out of fear.

Ye Qingyu increased the force on his leg, and there was a resounding boom as the body of the [Demon Sage] exploded. Murderous energy circled around him, and he laughed derisively with a chilling expression on his face. "Acting upon orders? Whose orders? Since when did we humans require you demons to interfere in our internal matters? Since you've overstepped your boundaries, you should be prepared to pay. Do you really think that you can bully us humans?"

"No..." Purple Night muttered as his blood qi churned and his body reformed. However, he could still not escape from under Ye Qingyu's foot and he was beginning to become truly afraid now. "This is a misunderstanding," he continued.

"Misunderstanding?" Ye Qingyu laughed. "We humans will never stand being humiliated. Since you dared to cause such a misunderstanding, I shall 'misunderstand' you once as well."

He then caused the [Demon Sage's] body to explode into a bloody mess again.

Purple Night roared in indignation; he was being completely humiliated. He expended some of his origin yuan qi to reform his body again before continuing in a trembling voice, "I will retreat... The Black Guards of the Demon Race will retreat and act as though this matter never happened... Let's forget about today's incident, and the headquarters of the Demon Race at the Alliance of Domains won't pursue you to take responsibility for your actions today. We should end this now."

"Retreat now?" Ye Qingyu replied as he shook his head cruelly. "I disagree."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1040:


Chapter 1055 Do You Accept These Terms?


Ye Qingyu's persona now was completely in line with his reputation as a "God of Death" and "Insane Devil".

Murderous energy circled around his body as if it had a real essence. It looked like a vortex was spiraling around him, distorting all the light nearby. He was completely void of sympathy as he stepped on the [Demon Sage], causing his body to burst into a gory mess again. The [Demon Sage]'s blood stained the gates of Blue Cloud Manor red, along with the streets of Wuqing.

"Aah..." Purple Night roared in agony.

He was currently being humiliated as badly... no, much more badly than Fang Bule.

Fang Bule was human after all, and it was still somewhat reasonable for him to kneel and bow down before Ye Qingyu, who was the Third Deputy of the Human Race. The [Demon Sage], however, was from the Demon Race, and his body had been trampled upon and made to explode multiple times by Ye Qingyu in front of the White-robed Divine Guards, Black Guards of the Demon Race, and thousands of martial artists from Wuqing street. This was much more humiliating than someone forcing his head down onto the ground to kowtow.

Boom!

The Black Fish airships hovering in the air opened fire suddenly.

Twenty green energy beams, each ten meters wide, shot out of the huge cannons from the bows of the airships toward Ye Qingyu. It looked as though twenty light swords from the divine had come slashing at him after he was condemned to death. They tore the sky apart and came crashing down at Ye Qingyu with alarming speed, and a huge, destructive power was contained in them.

Such types of artillery were the culmination of all forms of artifact creation with formations known to civilization, and they were real beasts of war. The Black Fish airship of the Black Guards was one of the most famous warships in the Alliance of Domains, and even in the Vast Thousand Domains. Its cannons contained the essence and best formations; even a Great Saint would be severely wounded if they did not defend themselves against these twenty energy beams.

Furthermore, there had been no warning signs before the big guns blazed away. It was a complete sneak attack.

"Despicable..." Huang Tianfang and the others roared angrily and anxiously.

It did not help matters, however. They could not even react in time to help Ye Qingyu, and just as they began to hear the sounds of the cannons firing, the twenty energy beams had smashed into him without any hesitation. A green glow of destruction surged forth and engulfed the entire area quickly, along with Ye Qingyu.

"Lord Ye Qingyu..." Huang Tianfang shouted as he dashed into the fray, wanting to rescue the Third Deputy.

If Ye Qingyu ended up seriously wounded by the attack, the Black Guards, [Demon Sage], Fang Bule, and the others would definitely take the opportunity to swarm him. Huang Tianfang was determined to rescue Ye Qingyu no matter what he had to sacrifice. Even if he were to end up bloodied or crippled, or if the entire Blue Cloud Manor would end up in ruins, he was bent on saving his friend today.

In any case, he went all in.

He wanted to tell the world that there were still tough, resilient people among the Human Race.

At this moment, however, a powerful and clear voice rang out, "Don't be hasty."

It was Ye Qingyu's voice.

Huang Tianfang was stunned and stood rooted to the spot.

He turned to look at the green energy beams that were fired from the huge cannons. They should have engulfed and destroyed most of Wuqing street by now, but instead, they were no longer as intense and powerful as before. Amazingly, they had died down a little, like an angry beast that had met an animal trainer, and they were slowly congregating in one spot. Eventually, all of that light and energy condensed into a green, glowing ball about the size of a fist.

It landed on someone's palm, which looked white and pristine.

It belonged to Ye Qingyu.

The turbulence died down and the dust settled. Ye Qingyu, who had been blasted by those twenty energy beams from the giant cannons of the Black Fish airships, reappeared in front of everyone.

Not only did his body bear no signs of wounds, but even his clothes seemed to be completely untouched. It was as if he had not been struck by the main cannon of the airships, but by twenty water guns instead. Ye Qingyu lowered his head to look at the green ball of light on his palm, and his expression was extremely chilling. "Very well, it seems like the headquarters of the Demon Race really wants a war... Haha, I shall grant you your wish then," he said casually.

Before his voice had died down—

The green ball of light began to give off a dazzling brilliant glow.

Twenty piercing beams of light shot out from the ball, streaking through the sky like a bolt of lightning.

"No..." [Demon Sage's] expression changed drastically, but he could do nothing to stop Ye Qingyu now.

Boom!

The twenty Black Fish airships hovering in the air above Blue Cloud Manor were directly hit by the energy bolts, and they exploded into twenty huge balls of flame.

Sparks flew and carcasses were scattered into the air.

The Black Fish airships were ranked first among the medium-sized warships of the Demon Race, but now they looked as weak as balloons. Flames and smoke enveloped the entire sky, adding brilliance and beauty to the scenery in the sky above Wuqing street as night drew near, as if a display of fireworks was in progress. The dazzling light illuminated several districts nearby and alarmed many people in an instant.

It was a pity that this amazing and beautiful display of light also came with screams of agony and blazing flames.

It caused that beautiful sight to be a little imperfect.

The instant the airships blew up, nearly one hundred Black Guards of the Demon Race were instantly engulfed by the flames and burned to ash.

The remaining Black Guards, who amounted to about four hundred, managed to escape somehow but were covered with wounds and sprinted around frantically like mad dogs. They had probably not expected, even in their wildest dreams, that Ye Qingyu would really dare to attack the airships belonging to the Demon Race, so they had not even activated the defensive shields of the ships. In an instant, nearly all of the fleet had been wiped out.

Purple Night was ashen-faced.

He felt his heart turn cold and he became extremely afraid as he watched the remnants of the airships dropping down from the sky along with the light from the flames, which was still glowing brightly.

All twenty Black Fish airships had been destroyed in an instant, and it was no small loss even to the Demon Race of the Alliance of Domains, who possessed a great number of assets. It would have been hard to account for the loss even if Purple Night had managed to capture Ye Qingyu, Huang Tianfang, or the White-robed Divine Guards who had escaped and taken them back to headquarters. But he had even failed to achieve this.

Huang Tianfang and the White-robed Divine Guards in Blue Cloud Manor were stunned.

Twenty Black Fish airships... They had never expected that Ye Qingyu could destroy all of them in an instant.

He was worthy of the title [Ice Sword Killing God] and he really was Insane Devil Ye!

Fang Bule, who had just stood up, immediately knelt down again after witnessing the spectacle.

Fear lingered in his heart, and for the first time in his life, he felt that he was extremely lucky to be a member of the Human Race. If he was not, he was sure that he would have already been beaten into a pulp by this insane devil. After all, he was a leader of this mission.

The hundreds of White-robed Divine Guards who surrounded Blue Cloud Manor were all staring wide-eyed with their mouths agape.

Each race had set up headquarters in the divine temple of the Alliance of Domains.

Compared to the headquarters of the Demon Race, that of the humans had always been in a disadvantageous situation. In the past, the demons dared not to overstep their boundaries as the humans were led by the powerful and ruthless Ren Puyang. Less than a month after he died, the status of the Human Race's headquarters diminished considerably, and the demons, along with other races, began to taunt and humiliate the humans. Under the strict orders of the First Deputy, the White-robed Divine Guards had to bear the taunts and give in to the other races; their superiors believed that it was for the greater good of their kind. That said, it was hard for them to not bear any grudges. After all, they were martial arts experts who were young and energetic. How could they control their temper that well?

They had kept their anger in check for about a month now.

Today, they received orders to capture and kill their old comrades, and even though they had to follow the orders from above, their feelings were extremely conflicted.

It was no exaggeration to say that most of the loyal and just White-robed Divine Guards found what they had gone through these past few days hard to accept, but they were powerless to change things.

At this moment, however, most of the Divine Guards could feel an indescribable feeling of uninhibited joy and redemption as they watched the airships explode, the Black Guards fleeing, and the [Demon Sage] Purple Night curling up like a kitten, his arrogance totally gone. Even though they knew that they were basically Ye Qingyu's opponents now, they were still humans after all.

Humans should not be bullied.

Many people had used the same words before.

Now, however, as they came from Insane Devil Ye's mouth, the phrase stirred their emotions and all of them could identify with it.

It was convincing enough.

Many others had talked the talk but could not walk the walk.

Even the First Deputy, who was the highest ranking officer and overall controller in the Human Race headquarters, did not seem to have done anything that lived up to the proclamation.

Ye Qingyu had proved himself capable enough now.

If someone like this took over the reins at headquarters, perhaps we would no longer need to put up with all this nonsense.

In an instant, this thought flashed into the minds of nearly all the White-robed Divine Guards.

Black lights flashed.

Hundreds of demonic Black Guards appeared behind Purple Night.

In contrast to their overpowering presence when they first made an appearance, they were trembling in fright now and did not dare to speak. Even though they might secretly be enraged or feeling vengeful, they did not dare to express those feelings on their faces. It was not because they were spineless, but rather, they had been shocked into submission by Ye Qingyu's reputation and methods. He had even destroyed all of their airships in the blink of an eye, and it was not impossible for him to slay all of them now.

A few other Black Guards transformed into flowing light and streaked in the direction of the divine temple of the Alliance of Domains, a great distance away from Blue Cloud Manor.

Evidently, they planned to report this incident to headquarters.

Ye Qingyu placed his hands behind his back. His white robes were pristine and spotless, and his expression was calm now.

He walked slowly toward Purple Night and the others. The experts of the Demon Race lowered their heads as he swept his gaze across them, none of them daring to look him in the eye.

"Take this as a lesson for you. Those twenty airships are the price your race has to pay for interfering in our internal affairs on your own accord. Don't think that no one can handle you people during this time of peace in the universe. Remember that the Human Race is still surviving, and we are still formidable... Haha, if your headquarters is still not convinced, your superiors can look for me in the Heaven Wasteland Building. I'll welcome them anytime."

Ye Qingyu pointed at the [Demon Sage] and said firmly, "You, stay. From now on, you have to sweep the floors of the Heaven Wasteland Building for a decade as payment for insulting and rebutting the Third Deputy of the Human Race. The other Black Guards should scram now. From today on, no Black Guard is to step within a thousand-meter radius of Blue Cloud Manor; otherwise, I'll kill them, regardless if they come from underground or the sky... Purple Night, do you accept these terms?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

