Chapter 1369:


Chapter 1382, Overturn

The solar system, which had no strangeness in the past as the Divine Light Emperor remembered, in this moment, brought enormous pressure to the trio.

Could this be the true face of the solar system or did something happen?

No, the eye of the Cloudy Clear Sea had the ability of space-time transmission. This transportation was not only a transportation through space, but also time, which means that this moment should be the time before he left Earth. Even if they had delayed some time to visit the planets near the solar system along the way, it would at most be one month or so. During this period of time, it is impossible for a mysterious power to lay out a formation here or anything like that.

Moreover, the trio had different strengths and each possessed remarkable talent and could all sense that the dangerous aura in the solar system did not come abruptly, but after a long period of invasion.

An ancient feeling of vicissitudes came hitting their faces.

“Now I believe the opportunity is right here,” Old Fish exclaimed.

The solar system was extraordinary, the aura was so mysterious and dangerous, far beyond that of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, which suggests that there must be a great cause and effect. Moreover, it is only in such a place that there will be the so-called great opportunity. His choice this time must be correct.

Little Nine barked repeatedly, also feeling somewhat excited.

To become a dragon was something driven by his blood. He of course wanted to return to his ancestors and completely realize his potential, but he also wanted to see Ye Qingyu again. In his heart, Ye Qingyu was more important than becoming a dragon. If it were not for the fact that he could see Ye Qingyu again in the future if he got the opportunity here, he would rather not become a dragon and would not come here.

Now, he just wanted to get the so-called opportunity immediately, transform into a real dragon, and look for Ye Qingyu.

He roared and tried to break into the solar system.

“You're crazy...” Old Fish stopped him in a hurry. “If you charge straight in, you'd die without a doubt.”

The soul of the Divine Light Emperor added, “We need to discuss this matter first. I also had no idea that there is such a secret to the original solar system. Perhaps this is its true face. The science and technology of the earth simply cannot discover this kind of power. This also explains why the martial arts planet around the golden solar system could not get close to Earth... This formation appears to be protecting the solar system...”

Old Fish clutched onto the silly dog, afraid he really would rush in.

Among the trio, the Divine Light Emperor was the strongest, most knowledgeable and with the most experience. Although his power was stripped away, he still had the memory of the previous reincarnations. Thus, the difficult problems of how to solve the immediate problems, how to successfully enter the solar system, and how to land on Earth naturally fell upon him.

Suddenly, a metal object was spinning over from the distance.

“What's that? A weapon?” Old Fish’s eyes widen.

Little Nine also fixed his eyes on the object, “It doesn't look good to eat...”

The Divine Light Emperor's eyes lit up, “It's a satellite, an abandoned satellite out of orbit...” After so many years, he finally saw this scene again. This was not an illusion, but real. Those who have not experienced life on earth would not understand what great shock and joy this artificial satellite, which had been abandoned and lost its significance, brought to the Divine Light Emperor.

The light silver metal satellite flew over, and the Divine Light Emperor sent out a force to retrieve it.

“Huh? It's not an abandoned satellite, it seems to be still in operation.” He was a little surprised, but what was even more surprising to him was that on this artificial satellite, he saw a familiar pattern. The bright red five-star red flag, which is... this is a satellite of his homeland. The Divine Light Emperor, who was in the state of the soul, for a moment was so excited that he couldn’t control himself. That long-suppressed homesickness in his heart broke out like a mountain torrent, almost drowning him.

“What is an artificial satellite? It seems so powerful, even a King of Sovereigns became like this,” Little Nine exclaimed.

Old Fish was able to roughly guess why the Divine Light Emperor was so emotional at the sight of that object.

After a long while, the Divine Light Emperor gradually curbed his emotions, and after a simple observation, he found that the artificial satellite from his homeland, although deviated from its orbit, some of the programs and machines were still in operation, especially the image collection and sensing system.

“Bad, that means the image it collected just now has already been transmitted back to Earth?”

It was only then that he realized he was too excited that he overlooked something.

It won't be long before the workers in science and technology on earth receive these images. Imagine seeing two strangely dressed people and a white dog not wearing spacesuits in the dark, lonely cold universe vacuum of space. What a shocking picture it would be. There will certainly be workers in the institute whose worldview will be directly overturned by this.

It was a bit too late to do anything now.

The Divine Light Emperor released a wave of power, which turned into clouds of mist, obscuring the satellite's image collection to prevent it from transmitting further images.

He came back this time just to look at his hometown of the past and to see some old friends and family. He did not want to disturb the original order on earth, but now, because of this accident, there have been changes. He did not know what sort of impact would the image that was sent back to earth have.

“Is there a problem with this thing?” Old Fish moved closer.

The Divine Light Emperor shook his head, saying, “No problem, let it go.”

He sent the satellite into the distant starry sky beyond the solar system.

Since the twentieth century, the great powers of earth have released numerous detectors into the universe in order to explore outer space and the universe space of the outer solar system. It was clear that these metal detectors would not be affected by the mysterious terrifying forces that the trio had previously felt, but the Divine Light Emperor suddenly realized that once these detectors leave the solar system and were still in operation they could fall onto the martial arts planets near the solar system and send images of there back to Earth? Even if these detectors have lost all their functions, once they fall into the hands of the martial sects on other planets, what effect will it have on Earth?

Even the thought of this was scary enough.

The Divine Light Emperor all of a sudden felt that he might not really know much about his hometown, which he had been thinking of day and night.

……

A few days later.

“No way, it's absolutely impossible...”

On Earth, several scientific experts in a military research base exclaimed in shock when they saw the few photos. They couldn’t believe the images sent back from the [Destiny Satellite].

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1370:


Chapter 1383, Covering the sky and changing the sky

Anyone with scientific rationality would find it hard to believe the scene they saw. In the dark, lonely starry sky there were suddenly three figures. One of them was light blue like a ghost, the other was a creepy-looking old man, and there was a strange white dog. They were dressed very strangely, like from ancient times, and without any space suit protection, yet was suspended in the void, moving and talking...

“This isn't a prank right?” an old man with white hair asked in disbelief.

He was the person in charge of the technical division of this military research base. [Destiny Satellite] has been out of orbit for nearly a decade, and they have long lost control of it. Luckily there were still images and information being sent back intermittently. Therefore, it still had value. During these years, there were special personnel responsible for monitoring [Destiny Satellite], and according to the images transmitted back previously, it appears to be drifting out of the solar system. He originally thought that they would completely lose contact with the satellite from then on; however, an image like that had come all of a sudden. He was a little skeptical, thinking it was a prank by one of the staff.

“It's not a prank. I have checked it already, it's the most raw data, there's no problem with it.” A middle-aged man with gold glasses looked excited. “It's true, everything is true... What does this mean? There are living creatures outside the solar system, and one looks like a human being? Could it be the Gods in myths and legends?”

“It's hard to believe.”

“There are actually Gods in this world.”

“What else can survive in the sky besides Gods...”

“And there's a dog.”

“That blue thing, is it a soul? Could there really be a soul after death?”

“Follow up? Are there any follow-up images? What's the status of [Destiny Satellite] now?”

Although these scientific research workers were used to seeing many astonishing things in the world, and know many secrets that ordinary people cannot understand, but at this time, they were all shocked by the sight, and began to quarrel and discuss the image. In truth, the image sent back from [Destiny] was indeed too unbelievable. This was absolutely a disruptive discovery.

“It has already been reported to the Military Commission, and I believe there will be a response very soon.” The middle-aged man with gold glasses looked at the white-haired old man and said, “As long as we prove that the data is original and true, this discovery will undoubtedly change the whole world. This is an important matter and we must keep it confidential...”

Before his voice faded.

The heavy metal door of the research hall and state-of-the-art technology suddenly opened.

A team of heavily armed special forces walked in in a line.

The atmosphere suddenly grew serious.

“Everyone, starting from this moment, this is officially taken over by the special force of the National Security Bureau. The Military Commission would like to thank you for the hard work during this time. Everything related to here will be treated with utmost confidentiality. Anyone who discloses relevant information will be considered treasonous, please cooperate,” a young man who looked like an officer said politely.

The people in the hall were all military researchers, thus when they heard this, there wasn’t any objection. Everybody complied right away.

Then various handovers took place next.

The army was very efficient.

The bespectacled middle-aged man and the white-haired old fellow were left behind.

“Professor Qin, President Zhang, you two will continue to be in charge of the Destiny Satellite project. Here are some information that will perhaps help with the research on the data sent back from [Destiny]...” A short-haired female special forces soldier behind the officer connected the military's special data to the encrypted computer.

The middle-aged man with gold glasses and the old white-haired researcher were completely immersed in it.

As time went on, the look of shock on their faces grew increasingly serious.

By the time everything on the encrypted computer was shown, the duo’s foreheads were already beaded with cold sweats.

“In other words, the state has long known that there are intelligent creatures outside the solar system. In addition, there’s a terrifying species that can be called the ‘Divine Race’, which can cross the starry sky without relying on technology. It's also not the first time that [Destiny] sent back similar images?” The middle-aged man felt that his worldview for so many years was about to be overturned. The scientific theory and system that he had painstakingly studied and believed in almost collapsed in this moment.

The white-haired old researcher was in a trance-like state.

What they saw were the unbelievable images and data that the state had collected through various means all these years. In truth, if such data wasn’t shown by the special force of the National Security Bureau, he would never believe that it is true. The iron laws that science had always told the world had been completely overturned by these data.

“It is not only our state, in fact, several other countries in the world have received similar information, especially the several aerospace powers that have launched detectors outside of the solar system. Some were completely lost, while some sent back some information, and some could even achieve long-distance communication with forces outside the solar system...”

What the young officer said was simply earth-shaking.

Particularly his last sentence. Does that not indicate that the Earth is in fact in constant connection with the ‘Divine Race’ outside the solar system... This... once such news spreads, it was bound to shock the world. The whole earth would be plunged into a state of madness, and it would bring some unpredictable consequences.

“Through some research, we gained a little understanding of these so-called [Divine Race] and also a vague idea of the world outside the solar system. It is like a world with immortal demon existences. There are many ancient myths and legends on Earth that may be associated with that world, but the existence of the solar system is somewhat strange. Those immortal demons are unable to enter through...”

The young officer continued.

After some decisions were passed through in the organization, the two top scientists in the Destiny project were now part of the true core system, so they were allowed to know about these earthshaking secrets.

Professor Qin and old President Zhang were utterly dumbstruck by what they have heard.

“So if... if... those so-called immortal demons were to descend upon earth, it is...” Professor Qin stammered.

“It's going to be a disaster,” the young officer continued.

Professor Qin and the old President both jumped up in shock.

“The situation isn’t looking very optimistic, and according to our observations with some special instruments, the strange forces in the solar system are in an unprecedented period of weakening. It is a matter of time before the arrival of those immortal demons. It could be hundreds of years, or perhaps decades later. It is uncertain. The state is currently conducting a top-secret military plan. You two are now members of the plan. We hope that [Destiny] can bring us more information. The three ‘Immortal demons’ in the image that [Destiny] captured are the most powerful and terrifying existences observed since the plan started. Their bodies are able to hover in space without any obstruction. I just hope they are friends and not enemies...” The young officer’s handsome face was twisted with worry.

“What exactly is the plan that the military is conducting?” The old president couldn't help asking.

“The plan is divided into two parts, the first part is called [Covering the Sky] and the second part is called [Changing the Sky].” The officer did not hide anything he knew. “We are just doing what we can. After all, the ‘Immortal demons’ outside the solar system are just too powerful. When the time comes, what would the fate be in the end, nobody knows... Your mission is to continue to observe [Destiny] and do your best possible to repair some remote programs. Its orbit does not matter as long as it continues to send back images and data.”

……

……

Outside the solar system.

The Divine Light Emperor revealed a look of determination on his face.

“Guys, I have made up my mind, there's only one way.” He looked at Old Fish and Little Nine.

--------------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1371:


Chapter 1384, The Grand Finale of Imperial God Emperor

The solution the Divine Light Emperor came up with was very simple; it was reincarnation.

Only by stripping away their Emperor-level cultivation base and become a mortal could they enter the solar system and return to Earth

“This...” Old Fish was hesitant. He came to find the opportunity, and not to find abuse. It hadn't been easy for him to accumulate a powerful cultivation base, and if he were to completely get rid of it and undergo reincarnation, wouldn't that mean all his efforts and practice have gone to waste? Moreover, if he can't find the opportunity that means he has lost everything he had.

Little Nine looked at the Divine Light Emperor with a piercing stare, “Old man, woof rarely reads but don't think of deceiving woof. If we strip away our immortal body and become mortals, we will instantly be turned to dust in this starry sky. How can we enter the solar system? How can we return to your hometown?”

Old Fish nodded, “Yeah, it's simply impossible.”

The Divine Light Emperor gave a smile, “You can as long as you strip away your immortal body and become mortal. I am now a soul so I won't be too affected. I can take you into the solar system, and then descend on Earth.”

Little Nine and Old Fish at the same time stared at the Divine Light Emperor with a very suspicious expression.

“Old man, you have some connection with Woof's Master, you better not be thinking of any bad intentions. Don't you dare think of scheming against a young and good-looking dog like woof.” Little Nine still felt suspicious like he had gone onto a pirate's ship.

Old Fish twirled strands of his beard until they snapped off and said, “Your Highness Light Emperor, you were the blazing sun of a generation, an honourable King of Sovereigns, you've always been a man of your words. You wouldn't not keep to your words this time, right?”

The Divine Light Emperor did not know whether to cry or laugh. “In my life, when have I ever schemed against others.”

Old Fish nodded. The Divine Light Emperor had always been righteous and upright, like the King of Gods. He had never schemed against others. In order to return to his hometown, he did not hesitate to give up on the cultivation base he had accumulated for one hundred and seven lives, and in order to help Ye Qingyu succeed, he almost gave up everything and came to this remote and desolate place. He had no desires. Moreover, there wasn’t anything valuable on the silly dog and Old Fish.

The silly dog muttered to himself, “Don’t scheme against people, then what about the Sky Emperor.”

In the end, the silly dog and Old Fish accepted the Divine Light Emperor’s proposal.

Because once an arrow is shot out, there is no way to get it back. Since they have arrived here, it was already impossible to turn back. Their instinct vaguely told them that the opportunity was really in the wasteland-like solar system. To be precise, it is on that azure planet.

“If there is an afterlife, what would you like to be?” Old Fish asked the dog with a smile.

“Of course I still want to be a greatly admired dog.” Little Nine said smugly, “I want to reincarnate into a more loveable and more powerful dog, so that, after I obtain the opportunity and return to the Vast Thousand Star Domains, Master can still recognize me. Woof, hahahahaha!”

When Old Fish heard that he wanted to reincarnate into a dog, he just thought ‘a dog really can't stop himself from eating shit’, but when he listened to his reason he was completely taken aback. It was as though the softest place in his heart was hit hard. Although the dog was stupid, greedy and lazy... and has a number of bad habits, his feelings towards Ye Qingyu was the most sincere.

The silly dog grinned at Old Fish, “Old man, what about you? Don't tell me you want to become a fish? Haha, be careful of being eaten by mortals on earth or made into a salty fish, hahaha, Woof will sympathize with you.”

Exasperated, Old Fish fumed through his nose, that emotional feeling in his heart immediately vanished like smoke.

“I want to reincarnate into a God, summon the wind and command the rain on earth, and bring the formation martial arts to great heights. Haha I want to become the spokesperson of God, and change the ordinary creatures on that ignorant and backward planet with my actions. Wahaha.”

The Divine Light Emperor nodded, “Okay.”

Regarding the aspect of reincarnation, he was already a Master-level figure. He had been reincarnated 108 times, as well as arranged for the reincarnation of the Divine Generals. Although his power had greatly deteriorated, this was still not a problem for him.

He taught Old Fish and Little Nine the reincarnation mantra, and told them to recite it in order to remove the powerful force within their bodies.

At the same time, a blue glow flowed out from the body of the Divine Light Emperor, shrouding Old Fish and the silly dog.

About half a day later.

The clusters of blue light were turned into meteors, speeding into the solar system.

Suddenly, in the solar system, there were strange forces fluctuating and laws surging, formless and colourless, but extremely terrifying. It rushed towards the blue cluster, as if to completely annihilate it. Even the vast starry sky outside of the solar system was affected and underwent changes.

All living beings on some planets near the solar system felt their heart pounding with indescribable fear, as if a terrifying disaster was coming. Countless creatures without intelligence darted away in panic...

On a bright star, a middle-aged man who was polishing a knife in the depths of the mountains suddenly had a change of expression, “Heavens, someone is forcing their way into the Star Cemetery area?” He transformed into a stream of light in a flash, soared skyward, and directly broke out of the planet's gravitational force, gazing into the terrifying galaxy in the endless distance.

So many years have passed, yet there are still people who dare to enter the solar system?

It was unknown how many planetary-level experts had been buried in that Star Cemetery in the past millions of years.

All of a sudden, detecting a familiar aura, he turned to several other directions.

“Those old monsters are startled too...”

His lips were curved in a slight arc.

There wasn’t a large life star in this domain, but many martial arts planets. This was a martial arts star domain. There was no shortage of peerless planetary-level experts here that can leave the star domain and enter into the universe with their tyrannical cultivation base alone. It was clear that the fluctuations of power in the Star Cemetery Domain had attracted the attention of all the planetary-level experts. One by one, they descended into the starry sky to find out what was exactly happening.

But soon, the middle-aged man revealed a look of astonishment.

He sensed that the old monsters had all been startled and showed up. In other words, the experts who had invaded the Star Cemetery galaxy were not known planetary-level experts, but a new talent...

Who exactly broke into the Star Cemetery galaxy?

This problem troubled all the planetary-level experts.

Adding to this, some people found that, following this invasion, some of the powers and laws in the Star Cemetery galaxy seemed to have changed? It was beginning to weaken?

……

……

Earth.

The clear sky.

A faint blue figure, almost transparent, was floating in the void, looking below.

No one else could notice him, but he saw everything in the world, like a ghost.

On the road was an endless stream of cars.

Mournful cries rang throughout the streets. A grizzled-haired middle-aged man and a middle-aged woman with short hair were hugging a young man lying in a pool of blood on the side of the road crying. A car accident had just happened, and their son was seriously injured in the car accident, at his last breath. The doctor from the ambulance that arrived first revealed an unbearable expression. From a professional point of view, the injured youngster could not be saved...

“Dad, Mum, I'm back...”

The soul of the Divine Light Emperor couldn’t help but shed tears.

How many years had passed, how many times had this scene appeared in his dream. Now he knows how broken hearted his parents were when he got in a car accident.

At this moment, his heart was almost broken.

No matter what kind of storm and glory he had experienced in the Vast Thousand Star Domains, he could hardly control himself when he saw the sorrowful faces of the two elderly.

He had finally come back.

“My divine power has been completely drained clean... From now on, I am just an ordinary person. The laws and forces of the solar system are too terrifying. Sigh, my forced entry seemed to have disturbed the operation of heavenly laws of the solar system, and may cause unpredictable consequences. I hope I won’t become the sinner of earth...”

The Divine Light Emperor sighed.

His return had formed a great cause and effect.

Old Fish and the silly dog had been sent to other parts of earth and will soon be able to complete reincarnation.

It’s just that earth... isn’t suitable for cultivation. They will certainly experience calamity one after another, but hopefully they can get through them smoothly.

“My strength has been completely removed by the laws of the solar system, and now I only possess the last trace of strength. Dad, Mum, I'm finally back. This time, I will not make you upset. I missed the days of ordinary life. I will always be with you from now on. The fate of the earth, the fate of the solar system, let the fourth symbol of the heavenly law solve it. I hope Inspiration King and the silly dog can find him...”

The Divine Light Emperor thought to himself. He had completely let go of the burden and psychological pressure of so many years.

From then on, it had nothing to do with him anymore.

He was just an ordinary person. The great responsibility was given to those destined to carry it.

He turned into a wisp of light and entered the body of the badly wounded youngster.

After a while, the body of the seriously injured youngster was twitching, and then opened his eyes, “Mum... what's wrong? Don't cry, I'm fine...” His breathing began to recover very quickly. Although his injuries appeared to be still the same, his internal organs were undamaged.

The sobbing woman wiped her tears in disbelief, “Little Ye, you... don't scare mum, are you all right?”

“Doctor, doctor, come and see, Little Ye, he...” the grizzled-haired father cried out in joy.

A smile lit up the young man’s face.

He knew he had finally got the life he wanted most.

His last trace of strength was used to repair his body, and completely sealed his memory. From now on, he will live as an ordinary person with his parents and friends.

The feeling of returning home... was really nice.

……

“Ahhhh, I'm going crazy... Divine Light Emperor, are you playing with me?”

On the Qinling Divine Mountain, a Taoist with hair draped over his shoulders wildly howled with indignation.

He trudged across mountains, unable to display his powerful strength. The tide of power on earth was so weak that it was infuriating. He felt like a big shark that had fallen into a desert.

“It seems that we can only slowly search for it... If not, I’m going to be trapped and die on this planet.”

The Taoist sobbed without tears.

……

“Woof woof woof...”

A stray puppy was blankly traveling back and forth between the endless streams of traffic.

“Woof's power is all gone... This body is too fragile... Heavens, what evil did Woof commit... This planet is simply a land of death... My memory is beginning to blur... I'm not going to become an ordinary dog and die here right?”

The little dog yelled

It didn't take long for him to completely lose all his memory.

The stray puppy shuttled across into the city, without attracting any attention, suffered all kinds of bullying, unable to get enough to eat and lived in a state of apprehension. Finally he assimilated into the bustling city, forgot everything, but also forgot himself.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

