Chapter 1361:


Chapter 1374 - Burning Black Ancient Castle

Wang Jianru had given Ye Qingyu a piece of Beiming Departure Jade once. It contained the mystery of time and space, and there was a technique in the bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart] known as the [Master of Spacetime]. It was an Emperor-level technique that allowed the user to control the laws of spacetime, and Ye Qingyu was hunting for it somewhat.

Before, Ye Qingyu used the tile as a medium for his Light Emperor Detection Technique divination, eventually discovering the lost ancient city. It existed in the flows of time and space in an extremely isolated location. It was no wonder that Ye Qingyu could not sense its presence in the past.

He had already gotten a sense of the lost ancient City of Chaos's aura.

He was still unable to confirm if Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui were in the city.

However, Liu Shaji's hypothesis was extremely reasonable.

Even so, Ye Qingyu unexpectedly sensed a somewhat familiar aura within the ancient City of Chaos that he had divined. He had encountered the same kind of aura on Little Ten, the white-boned battle beast, and it was for this reason that he summoned Little Ten the moment before setting off.

Little Ten appeared before Ye Qingyu instantaneously.

After the past few millennia, its level of cultivation had still remained at peak ninth Quasi-emperor realm, and it was still not truly at the Emperor realm yet. This was because it was restricted by its foundation. Little Ten was a parasite and could only improve its realm of cultivation by consumption. It had to consume the corresponding kind of being that possessed the kind of skills it wanted. As there were no Emperor-level experts that it could consume over the past two millennia, its realm of cultivation had remained stagnant.

"Master," Little Ten greeted Ye Qingyu respectfully.

Ye Qingyu nodded and looked at Liu Shaji. "Let's go," he said.

Just as his voice fell—

A dimensional ripple glittered, as if it were water ripples, and engulfed all three of them. With a flash, they had disappeared from the dimension they were in.

"This is the lost ancient City of Chaos?"

Ye Qingyu and the other two appeared in the space that looked like an ocean tide. A spacetime torrent was howling, and there were many unstable power of laws. Even Emperor-level experts would be stranded in such an environment—it was that terrifying. If it were not for Ye Qingyu, both Liu Shaji and Little Ten would be completely unable to stand their ground in such surroundings, just like people who could not swim when they were thrown into the ocean. They would definitely be swept away by the waves.

In front of them, an ancient black castle loomed on the horizon.

It was a rundown castle that was cast completely from black molten rock. The formations on it were crude, and dents of various sizes covered the black stone surface. There were dents made by various weapons, and roughly one-hundred-meter-tall castle walls surrounded the entire black castle. By raising their gazes above the walls, they could see that a strange tower-like structure had been erected. It surrounded a huge gigantic black tower, which was a few thousand meters high, in the center of the castle, and it looked like a sword thrusting into the sky.

The entire black castle gave them an ancient feeling.

"I wonder if there'll be residents in this ancient castle?" Liu Shaji asked, his heart full of curiosity.

He hoped that he could find his long lost brothers within.

"I seem to have felt a familiar calling. There are my kind within this ancient castle," Little Ten said, feeling emotional. It had been unable to achieve a breakthrough for a while now, and its power had remained stagnant. It felt lost and trapped, but now, the moment it saw the ancient castle, it seemed to have regained some of its memories, and it had a vague premonition.

"Let's go in to take a look."

Ye Qingyu brought the other two out of the spacetime tide and advanced swiftly toward the black ancient castle.

Soon afterward, all three of them appeared at the huge gates beneath the ancient castle.

From a short distance, they began to understand its vastness and width. It was even greater than Heaven Connect City, the headquarters of the old Alliance of Domains. Ordinary people were no taller than ants before a rat hole when they stood beneath the castle gates.

"There are signs of underworld fire."

Liu Shaji reached out to stroke the black castle walls, sensing the presence of heat.

"Indeed, these are burn marks left behind by underworld fire... The entire castle was burned by extremely terrible Emperor flames. It was not originally black. Rather, it became black after being burnt," Ye Qingyu said in an extremely confident tone. It was only natural that someone of his ability would be able to tell from one look.

Evidently, a tragic battle had happened within and beyond the black ancient castle. It was a battle between Emperors.

Ye Qingyu's divination allowed him to sense many familiar auras.

He roughly knew what sort of battle happened here, and he even knew who the combatants were.

Liu Shaji reached his hand out to push the huge gates of the ancient castle, but they would not budge an inch. He channeled his Great Saint qi, but still, they would not move.

Ye Qingyu swept his gaze over them, and the gates opened.

After all three of them entered the gates and walked past the castle walls, a black, windy main service entrance stood before them. There were no plants of any sort in the city, and there were even no live animals. It was completely black, and the oppressive and strange color made them feel gloomy. The streets were not wide, but unique. The entire ancient castle gave them the feeling that it was built from the mountains. The pathways were mostly winding, and they climbed the stairs to ascend increasingly greater heights.

Ye Qingyu swept his gaze across the surroundings again, giving him a detailed view of everything within the entire castle.

Every kind of aura within the castle walls became clearer to him. It further advanced Ye Qingyu's previous deduction.

Liu Shaji and Little Ten's abilities were so far behind that of Ye Qingyu, and they did not manage to discover many leads.

Ye Qingyu led them along a winding black stone path. It kept going upward toward the most central and highest sword-like tower of the castle. He had already discovered some signs that were worth noticing, and if Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui were really within the ancient city, they could only be inside this tower.

On the way up, they saw various signs of battle.

There were signs of underworld fire everywhere. Previously, after the battle here had concluded, a blazing fire had once burned over a long period of time, turning the entire city black. Even so, the fact that the castle still survived was proof of its exceptional quality.

"The material used to construct this ancient castle is the same as that of the Emperor-weapon level tile," Liu Shaji eventually concluded after observing along the way up.

He was greatly shocked.

Ye Qingyu smiled before replying, "Yes, the tile in Brother Hu's hand should be from the tower of this ancient castle. The castle itself is an impressive Emperor weapon... Legend has it that the twenty-four Cities of Chaos were built by Supreme Emperors, and this castle is no exception. Its power is even greater than that of Heaven Connect City and the others. The person that constructed them must have been an incredibly powerful Martial Emperor who most likely was on the way to achieving a breakthrough."

It was completely silent along their journey.

No living beings emerged from the ancient castle.

"Are brothers Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi here or not?" Liu Shaji was becoming anxious; this was his last hope of finding both of them.

As they spoke, all three arrived before the entrance of the tallest sword tower.

It was slightly different from the other places they had walked past.

"If I didn't guess wrong, they should be within." Ye Qingyu smiled gently as he reached both arms out. He channeled his Eternal qi and imprinted it onto the gates.

The gates to the sword tower opened with a flourish.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1362:


Chapter 1375, Found

Ye Qingyu's words made Liu Shaji light up with excitement.

Through the gate of the sword tower, the inside was seen glowing brightly. The inside was an empty space, and evidently some kind of very clever space formation. It was like a huge training ground, there were racks of weapons, platforms, military tents, as well as traces of airship ports and docks. Compared to the black traces outside that had been burned by Emperor fire, the sword tower inside was in a much better condition. There were only faint marks of fire damage and smoke around the objects and weapons.

At the end of the military ground was a set of black steps leading up to the top.

The steps were marked with traces from various battles before, as well as swords, spears, battle-axe and various weapons inserted into the steps.

“It's all Emperor weapons.”

Although these weapons had lost their spiritually, the law and power contained within were completely destroyed, and the rusty marks and stains were no different to that of a pile of scrap metal, Ye Qingyu could still tell that these weapons were once Emperor weapons. Unfortunately they were destroyed in the war, and perhaps even their masters were killed in battle.

The tragicness of the battle back then can easily be imagined.

The battle in this black sword tower was much more tragic than it was than the outside.

All the way up the black stairs, they came to a stone door, which was a transportation formation that was still functioning to this day. Ye Qingyu pressed one hand against the stone door, activating the surviving formation. The inside of the door flashed blue light, waves rippled out and the formation re-emerged.

The trio was transported to the second floor of the sword tower.

This second floor was still a military training zone, but even more intricate. If the first floor of the sword tower was to train ordinary soldiers, then the second floor was used to train the elites in the army.

From the size and scale of these two training grounds, one can vaguely guess how impressive the military power of this black ancient castle in its flourishing period was. It was indeed more magnificent and militarized than the twenty-one Cities of Chaos that exist in the Vast Thousand Domains today. It was most likely a reverent ancient city army back then.

The trio people climbed up eighteen floors in a row, passing all kinds of training spaces.

Even Ye Qingyu felt surprised.

The black sword tower looked more like a military camp with terrifying military strength accumulated, and along the way, not only did they see broken Emperor weapons, but also dried-up skeletons, similar to divine gold or immortal iron. With one glance it was clear that these skeletons were, before death, absolute top martial arts experts that had dominated one side, but had died long ago, at least millions of years.

The ancient city was a complete militarized place.

Ye Qingyu carefully observed all kinds of traces, becoming more and more confident with his speculation.

In the end, after walking through the one hundred and seven stone doors in a row, the trio came to the 108th stone gate——In this black ancient sword tower there was a total of one hundred and eight gates, which further confirmed Ye Qingyu’s speculation.

“What place is this? Such terrifying battles had happened here.” Liu Shaji sighed, inwardly puzzled and confused.

Ye Qingyu came to the last stone door, which was more magnificent than any stone gate before. It was three or four hundred meters high, and the doorframe was engraved with many ancient characters, which were patterns that Liu Shaji had never seen before. But Ye Qingyu was able to recognize the origin of these characters right away.

“There was a betrayal here,” Ye Qingyu stated.

He looked around to see a lot of corpses in this space, ancient remains piling upon each other like a mountain. It was obvious that the worst battle had happened on this floor. He could roughly imagine that this space was the last line of defense during the fierce battle between the guardians and the intruders that happened in the ancient black castle. The last and worst battle took place here.

“Your Majesty already knows what happened here?” Liu Shaji looked at Ye Qingyu with curious eyes. “

Ye Qingyu nodded. “If my guess is right, the owner of this ancient castle is called Ye Chongsheng, also the creator of the Dark Realm and the twenty-four cities of the chaos region of the Vast Thousand Domains. Back then there were many Lords of the Cities of Chaos that were his people. He can be said to be the ruler of the Vast Thousand Domains. Although his reputation is not particularly well-known throughout the long history, he had still dominated an era.”

“Ye Chongsheng?” Liu Shaji was taken aback for a moment, and then shook his head. He had not heard of the name before.

Ye Qingyu nodded, and did not say much.

Ye Chongsheng had once said that when he almost ruled over everything, he encountered a betrayal and everything he operated and managed was destroyed in this betrayal. The mastermind of this betrayal was precisely the Sky Emperor who had been hiding in the shadows since ancient times. Everything was toppled, and since then, the Sky Emperor also began to manipulate and dominate everything in the dark, including the Guardian camp of the Dark Realm. However, all this was in fact within the calculations of Ye Chongsheng. He deliberately faked death in this betrayal and reincarnated. During this betrayal, although many of Ye Chongsheng's arrangements were destroyed, the real core plan was in fact unaffected.

These things were what Ye Chonsheng said to Ye Qingyu in the Black Demon Abyss maze.

However, at that time, when Ye Chongsheng mentioned this matter, it was just a kind of memory of the past for him, and Ye Qingyu's attention was also focused on the matter itself, but he had never thought about how tragic the betrayal was and that it happened in such a place. Not to mention the fact that it was related to the ancient twenty-four Cities of Chaos that disappeared.

This was what Ye Qingyu deduced from a number of ends and clues after entering the black ancient castle.

As a result, the former twenty-four Cities of Chaos became twenty-one cities. The mystery of the missing ancient City of Chaos was finally unmasked.

The last stone door was obviously the last barrier.

Even Liu Shaji could tell that the enemies who invaded here were unable to break through this stone door. In other words, when the betrayed forces of the Sky Emperor attacked this stone gate, they were blocked and unable to advance any further. In the end, the Sky Emperor burned the entire castle with the underworld fire, but still failed to destroy it completely and had no choice but to retreat resentfully.

The black castle then entered into the turbulence of time and space, which might have been the means of the Sky Emperor, or could have been an arrangement of Ye Chongsheng.

The formation characters on the stone doors were precisely the unevolved one hundred eight ancient characters.

Ye Qingyu had seen the whole deduction process of the one hundred eight ancient characters on the tombstone in the ancient fiendgod city of the Black Demon Abyss.

Therefore, this stone gate that the Sky Emperor had never managed to break through, was nothing for Ye Qingyu. He activated a formation technique and easily reopened the stone gate.

What was behind the stone gate was not a military training ground.

Singing birds and fragrant flowers, a distinct and beautiful world appeared before the three people.

“Who is it?” In the distance, two figures sped over, roaring from afar.

Ye Qingyu smiled, “Finally found you guys.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1363:


Chapter 1376, World of Immortals

It was Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi.

Although many years had passed, the two people's appearance was no different from before. Nan Tieyi was still handsome as jade, Hu Bugui was still boorish and bold. Two thousand years of time did not seem to have left any traces on their bodies. Ye Qingyu's eyes were moist with tears the moment they appeared.

While tears were already streaming down Liu Shaji's cheeks.

Seeing these two familiar and distant faces, the originally lost memories all of a sudden like an opened gate, came flooding back. Many memories and stories that he did not get from outsiders were suddenly surging in Liu Shaji's mind. Everything he had lost, in this moment, returned to Liu Shaji's mind.

He knew that he had completely recovered his true memory.

From now on, he was the real Liu Shaji, and not a reconstructed body.

“You...”

“Little Ye, and Old Liu?”

The two figures landed, staring at Ye Qingyu and Liu Shaji in disbelief for a good while, and finally called out the two titles they had in the past. Ye Qingyu was called Little Ye and Liu Shaji was called Old Liu.

“This... my vision is not going blur from being locked up here too long, right?” Nan Tieyi rubbed his eyes several times with a look of disbelief.

Hu Bugui let out a belch with a strong smell of alcohol, “No, I must be drunk... I'm drunk again...”

They had been trapped in this flower-scented paradise-like world for more than two thousand years. During this long period of time here, they had many times tried to leave, and also many times hoped for outsiders to come save them, but were disappointed again and again, and have had many hallucinations. Although later they focused on cultivation and these hallucinations rarely appeared, in this moment, the two people's first reaction was still disbelief. They still couldn't believe that Ye Qingyu and Liu Shaji have really found them.

“Is there even wine here?” Liu Shaji’s expression soon returned to normal, looking at Hu Bugui, he sniffed, “Bandit Hu, where is the wine? This fragrant aroma... it's like the Immortal wine.”

Hu Bugui blankly stretched his hand out to touch Liu Shaji's face, saying, “It must be a hallucination, don't even think it deceiving me... Old Liu has died in battle, he is already dead, I won't see him again... Two thousand years, I have not been to Old Liu's grave once, I hate it... Who are you, how dare you pretend to be my brother Old Liu?” as though he drank a lot of wine and was really drunk, Hu Bugui sobbed uncontrollably. He knew that Liu Shaji had fought to the death in order to protect the two hundred young boys and girls of Heaven Wasteland Domain. This scene evoked many sad memories of the past, and coupled with his drunkenness, his feelings burst forth uncontrollably.

Liu Shaji flashed away, crying and laughing, “I have been resurrected, old bandit, it’s been too easy for you, You've been staying in this paradise-like world drinking wine and did not need to experience the great war of the star domains... It was Little Ye who resurrected me.”

On the other side, Nan Tieyi's expression returned normal. His gaze swept back and forth between Ye Qingyu, Liu Shaji and the White-boned Battle Earth Dragon Little Ten, before it finally fell on Ye Qingyu with a suspicious look. “Really... it's you? You were also sucked in by the space-time cracks on the Yellow Spring River?”

“We found some clues and followed them.” Ye Qingyu smiled and briefly explained what happened, before adding, “No need to be suspicious, you're not mistaken, and you're not hallucinating.”

Hu Bugui curled his lips, expression changing abruptly, “No, no, no, where's Little Nine? You’re definitely not the real Little Ye. The real Little Ye is always followed by a shameless, greedy white dog, and not this white-boned beast... You’re a transformation of that demonic thing, yet dare think of tricking me? Hahaha... Little Nan, don't be blinded by that demonic thing.” While speaking, he dragged Nan Tieyi back, adopting a fighting stance.

A body of qi burst forth.

Ye Qingyu had long found that the aura of Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui was different from before. Looking closer he also couldn’t help exclaiming out loud.

Because the cultivation base of these two people had long ago reached the realm of Martial Emperor, extremely strong, and much more powerful than Liu Shaji who had experienced the golden age of the Vast Thousand Star Domains as well the battle of the star domains. What was even more unbelievable was that the two people's power was the purest power of immortality. Upon a closer look, Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui's body, both inside and outside, contained a strong, immortal substance.

“It seems they have obtained fortuitous encounters in this strange world.”

Ye Qingyu dispelled the Martial Emperor qi of the two with one thought, stopping them from operating the power in their body.

Given his present strength, it was incredibly easy for him to suppress a Martial Emperor with one thought.

But Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui were indeed terror-stricken, rooted to the spot for a minute.

“Ah, when did the power of the demonic thing become so terrifying?” Hu Bugui exclaimed strangely.

Nan Tieyi was still staring at Ye Qingyu, saying, “You... really are Little Ye?”

Ye Qingyu nodded, “Little Nine has left...” He recounted the course of events of Little Nine following the Divine Light Emperor’s body and entered the time-space door with Old Fish, and then introduced the origin of the White-boned Earth Dragon Little Ten.

After he said that, Nan Tieyi completely believed him.

While Hu Bugui was still skeptical. In one breath, he asked a lot of things of the past and before waiting for Ye Qingyu to answer, Liu Shaji already accurately answered everything. His memory had been completely restored, everything in the past was incredibly clear, and he was able to answer everything without anything missed out.

“Is it really you?” Hu Bugui’s eyes lit up. He looked at Nan Tieyi, saying, “It seems to be true, although the demonic thing can read people's mind and distort will, it does not possess such strong power. Otherwise, we would have been dead long ago... Wow, Little Ye, it really is you? Why didn't you say that earlier?”

As he was speaking, he rushed over and wrapped his arms around Ye Qingyu, and then loosened his grip to aim a fist at Ye Qingyu's left chest, “Brother, it's good to see you again.” As he was speaking he rubbed his eyes, trying hard not to really weep tears.

Ye Qingyu was speechless. He had told him long ago, but he didn’t believe him.

From their previous dialogue, Ye Qingyu and Liu Shaji also learned that, in this strange world, there seems to be a magical existence called the demonic thing with the remarkably ability to read the minds of others. In the past, it had brought great trouble to Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui, and thus they couldn't fully believe it was Ye Qingyu and Liu Shaji at first, but thought that it was an illusion created by the demonic thing.

Hu Bugui then rushed forward to hug Liu Shaji, “Haha, you're really alive? To tell you the truth, I wanted to go to your grave to have a good drink, and bring the Immortal King Wine that I have personally brewed to your grave... now it seems there won't be a chance.”

Liu Shaji was also speechless.

Hu Bugui was still the same Hu Bugui. With just two or three words, he already makes people want to beat him up.

Nan Tieyi's feelings were much more restrained in comparison, but he also came over, and hugged Ye Qingyu and Liu Shaji.

The four people met in Clear River Domain and became close friends. They had fought side by side, like real brothers, and could sacrifice their lives for each other. It was unknown how many storms they had been through, but now that they were able to see each other again after two thousand years, the blood in their chest was still burning, and the brotherly feelings were still greater than heaven.

“Hahaha, I didn't think you can find this world of immortals. Great, quickly come with me to the cave. I need to get my Immortal wine to drink with you. Hahaha.” Hu Bugui excitedly roared, “Haha, even the immortal king will be drunk from the wine brewed from the immortal fruits. Little Ye, you say you’ve surpassed the Martial Emperor realm? But you're still going to be drunk, do you believe it?”

While talking, the group of people was taken to a mountain peak between the lush green mountains and jade water.

There was a cave on the peak exuding the aroma of wine.

The beautiful scenery was delightful.

The air was full of an omnipresent, intense atmosphere of immortal substance.

This reminded Ye Qingyu of another place he had been to before.

----------------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1364:


Chapter 1377, Immortal Domain· Demonic thing

Back when Ye Qingyu had yet to become an Emperor in the Guardian Royal City, the old ancestor of the Sun clan gave up the place to train in the Immortal Domain to Ye Qingyu, and it was there that Ye Qingyu obtained great harvest. This was because of the discovery of the substance of immortality that could make people live forever. It was said that the Immortal Domain training area is a fragment of the Immortal Domain, which was intercepted by the ancestors of the Guardian camp, because there had been many Martial Emperors born from the immortal training area.

At this moment, the paradise-like world at the roof of the sword tower of the black castle gave Ye Qingyu an almost identical feeling to the so-called Immortal Domain fragment back then.

No, it was no exaggeration to say that the intensity of the immortality substance in this small world and the clarity of various laws were even greater than that in the Immortal Domain fragment.

After a while, they came to the cave.

This was a cave that Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui created at the peak of the mountains. After countless years of polishing and carving, it was full of aesthetic feelings, like a white jade palace. Inside there were red-crowned cranes, white birds, flying horses, white tigers and other spirit beasts, which all cried out joyously upon seeing Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui return. Some even flew over to rub their head against them. It seemed that they got along very well.

“These were all Little Nan's pets that he passes time with when he's bored. And then I also gradually began to like these little guys.” Hu Bugui chuckled. He seemed to have sober up, showing off what he had acquired over the years to Ye Qingyu and the others.

“You guys are living so leisurely and carefree,” Liu Shaji said. “Unlike Little Ye and I. In order to protect the lives in the Vast Thousand Domains, we have never rested once, especially Little Ye, who has to support the present golden era alone. He had walked on the edge of death many times, paid huge sacrifices, and had to bear the pressure that is unimaginable to ordinary people.”

Hu Bugui laughed, “This is the will of heaven, Little Nan and I enjoy life, while you guys work hard, hehe.”

Nan Tieyi smiled, “Don't be deceive by Old Hu's carefree appearance... In truth, while he was drunk he had more than once said that even if he were to die in a war, as long as he could stand side by side with his brothers, he would be satisfied, and that it’s much better than these boring days.”

Ye Qingyu also laughed.

Hu Bugui's character was too simple. Even if Nan Tieyi didn't tell him, he would have guessed what Hu Bugui really was thinking.

The reason why he said this now was because he already knew that the big event in the outside world had ended and that there was nothing to worry about. If there were a war outside, he most likely would have been the first to request to go into battle long ago.

But the change in Nan Tieyi made Ye Qingyu feel a lot better.

Back then, Nan Tieyi, because of the collapse of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, was emotionally depressed and filled with hatred, and did not speak much to anybody. Now, after thousands of years of time, in this small world, living a simple and carefree life seemed to have made Nan Tieyi's mind much calmer and relaxed and forgotten the hatred of the past.

This was a good thing.

Ye Qingyu did not want one of his close friends to always live in hatred. The Greater One Sect had already been turned into the ashes of history. If Nan Tieyi cannot put down this hatred, then he will always have to live in hatred.

They sat down in a jade pavilion.

Two spirit apes came over carrying a tray with fruits and wine like servants.

Not only were these two spirit apes able to communicate with humans, they also had intelligence equivalent to human beings, and their actions and behaviour were incredibly polite. They possessed very formidable strength that can match up to experts of the peak of the Great Saint realm. It was Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui who trained and taught them martial arts.

Liu Shaji tried the fruit and wine, and complimented, “The food is out of this world, this small world is really a paradise.”

Nan Tieyi laughed, “Besides being cut off from the rest of the world, the other things here are really not bad. It’s a perfect reclusive place. Here there are rare medicinal herbs everywhere and all kinds of Immortal fruits. The living beings here are also either divine beasts or spiritual creatures. Even if mortals were to gather here, drink the Immortal spring and eat fresh fruits, they can also live for eternity.”

Hu Bugui drank the cup of wine in one gulp, and then laughed, “Yes, here is simply the residence of Immortals. I call it the Immortal world. There was a long period of time when Little Nan and I firmly believed that we’ve ascended to the world of Immortals...”

Old friends have reunited. The atmosphere was extremely joyous.

Ye Qingyu tried the King of Immortal wine that Hu Bugui had personally brewed from the best of several kinds of Immortals fruit in the Immortal Domain. It had a medicinal effect comparable to divine pills. Even with Ye Qingyu's present cultivation base, after a few cups, he also felt slightly tipsy and was in high spirits.

All four burst into laughter when interesting stories and incidents of the past were mentioned.

There were tears in their laughter.

Liu Shaji described in detail what had happened in the outside world, as well as many important events during these two thousand years. Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi both listened with great interest. They were trapped here all this time, unaware about the situation in the outside world. In particular, when they heard the course of events of the star domain battle, Hu Bugui was so excited that his hands and feet were waving about in the air. He hated the fact that he was unable to follow Ye Qingyu to fight alongside him.

The reunion lasted ten days and ten nights.

At the end, Liu Shaji, Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi were all drunk, and directly slept on the rocks in the open.

Ye Qingyu drank the last cup of wine, feeling a little tipsy. He stood on the top of the mountain peak and surveyed the surroundings. He released his divine sense, taking in the entire small world. He found that this was not a complete small world, but there was something lacking, which reminded Ye Qingyu of the Immortal training area fragment back then.

He speculated that this small world and that Immortal land fragment were probably once the same world, which separated for some reason. The most likely guess is that that the Sky Emperor, during his betrayal, made some harvest, cut off a section of the Immortal world, and obtained a fragment of the Immortal Domain before leaving. But where did Ye Chongsheng find the Immortal Domain?

This was not known.

At least in today's Vast Thousand Star Domains, as well as the Destruction Star Domain, the Abandoned Star Domain, the Blood Spear Star Domain and other star domains, such a world did not exist. A world that is filled with the substance of Immortality, in essence, is much superior to any star domain of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. It was a higher dimension world.

Ye Qingyu suspected that there may be a more powerful realm above the Eternal Realm, and what the so-called Four Symbols of the Heavenly Dao exactly means, he began to have a rough idea. However, he was not entirely certain, though it was most likely connected to the substance of Immortality on this Immortal Domain.

The secret of the universe had not really unfolded yet.

Now that he had found Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi, then perhaps it was time to find the Sword-Saber Divine Emperor and the Emperor of Azeroth, in order to fully understand the matter.

With this thought, all of a sudden, in the empty space in front of him, there was a cloud of qi, followed by Ding Hao, wielding a gold blade and silver sword on his back, and a black-haired Sun Fei wearing a crown. They both appeared at the same time, seemingly because of Ye Qingyu's thoughts.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback then couldn’t help chuckling.

“Evil creature, how dare you try to fool me... show yourself!”

Ding Hao and Sun Fei's image vanished abruptly like smoke, then a cloud of black fog mixed with blood, which vaguely resembled a dragon-shaped shadow, was seen struggling violently.

This was the demonic thing that Hu Bugui mentioned.

It could even read Ye Qingyu's mind and emotions; this ability was indeed terrifying.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

