Chapter 965:


Chapter 981 - Quasi-emperor Mushan


Ye Qingyu didn't respond. The [Blood Drinker Sword] in his hand had reverted back to its sword pill form. Then, at his mental command, a crimson ray of Divine Emperor sword will brushed past that Saint.

The moment this sword radiance brushed past the Saint who had lost his composure, his body transformed into a ball of flames that gave off green smoke, then disappeared into the Void.

These experts, including that handsome young man, were not from the Human Race and they had made repeated threats against himself and Hu Bugui, so they were obviously up to no good. Thus, Ye Qingyu didn't feel a single bit of remorse or guilt after killing these people.

Now that he was in the [Sixth Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way], his combat strength was equivalent to a higher Saint and his Divine Emperor sword will could overcome all obstructions, so killing these ordinary Saints was just a matter of one thought for him. Most importantly, the primeval laws of the universe were everywhere within the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor and its condition was restored to the ancient Fiendgod Age. Thus, whenever Saints of the current era entered this place, their cultivation would be suppressed and their combat strength would be greatly diminished; but Ye Qingyu had cultivated the [Fiendgod Title Chart] of the bronze book and to his own surprise after this battle, he realized that the [War God Sword Mantras] which Yu Xiaoxing had imparted him weren't affected at all. In fact, they seemed to become even more powerful in this primeval universal world. This surge in strength made him invincible.

"Retreat!"

"Let's go! We've got to let Quasi-emperor Mushan know that his younger brother has been murdered!"

The surviving Saints knew that it would be meaningless if they continued to battle and decided to retreat.

Rays of flowing light shot toward the main gate of the [Tusita Palace].

Ye Qingyu was shocked when he heard their comments.

What?

The handsome young man was the younger brother of a Quasi-emperor?

He hadn't expected that.

No wonder that young man behaved so arrogantly.

That also explained why during their battle earlier, he sensed that despite that man's powerful peak Saint cultivation, his astonishing combat technique, and his extraordinary divine spear, his ability to wield that weapon didn't match his cultivation stage. His inner yuan was mottled and irregular, as though his cultivation had been forcibly increased by an external power. It would make sense if his Quasi-emperor brother had helped him increase his cultivation.

He suddenly felt a little worried.

He hadn't realized that he would be offending a Quasi-emperor by killing that man earlier.

It also seemed like this Quasi-emperor Mushan loved his brother very much. Otherwise, he wouldn't have spent so much effort and resources on that handsome young man.

These were the thoughts running through his head but he continued to attack mercilessly.

The [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] exploded like fireworks once more, transforming into dozens of beams of dazzling crimson Divine Emperor sword will splendor that hurtled out. They moved faster than these Saint experts and swished through the air to instantly kill dozens of Saint experts of the foreign race. Bursts of fiery flames exploded and quickly disappeared mid-air; this beautiful scene was formed from the disintegrating dried up corpses of these experts after the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] absorbed their blood and inner essences.

However, it wouldn't be easy to kill every single one of these fleeing Saints.

Despite the power of the Divine Emperor sword will, three Saints of the foreign race managed to transform into flowing lights that then disappeared into the dark corridor outside the [Tusita Palace].

"Quick, we can't afford to let them escape," Hu Bugui said urgently.

He had also overheard the conversation earlier so he knew that they absolutely couldn't afford to let those three Saints flee. Once Quasi-emperor Mushan caught wind of this news, no one would be able to bear the brunt of a Quasi-emperor's rage. The consequences would be dire.

Ye Qingyu shook his head slightly.

He didn't intend to continue chasing after them.

"Forget it," he stopped Hu Bugui.

Hu Bugui stopped and looked at Ye Qingyu in confusion.

"A Quasi-emperor is extremely remarkable. I'm afraid that Quasi-emperor Mushan had already sensed the death of his brother the moment I killed him so it doesn't matter whether or not we allow those Saints to escape," Ye Qingyu said with a smile. "However, now that we are in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, even a Quasi-emperor would be unable to arrive instantly. It wouldn't be easy for him to find us either, so we still have time."

"That is true," Hu Bugui stopped charging forward but his face was still a little pale as he said, "But he is still a Quasi-emperor... If he really finds us, then... then..."

Hu Bugui's face was still solemn.

"We weren't left with much of a choice either. His younger brother wanted to kill us so we couldn't possibly have stood there, waiting to be killed. Since we entered the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor to fight for treasure, we should have already prepared ourselves for the worst since this is a frenzied killing spree between Quasi-emperors. Once we chose to enter this place, we should bear the consequences," Ye Qingyu said calmly. "The worst we could do was to offend a Quasi-emperor and since we've already done that, things can't get much worse from now on. We just need to remain calm and alert so even if we are discovered by the Quasi-emperor, we won't necessarily be doomed."

His words sounded a little too good to be true.

Hu Bugui glanced at Ye Qingyu and was affected by his confidence.

He suddenly felt his spirits lift at the thought of all Ye Qingyu's miraculous feats in battle thus far.

"Ha ha, brother Ye Qingyu, you're right. I, Old Hu Bugui, have traversed the entire Clear River Domain and have been through all kinds of situations. Hehe, so what if he's a Quasi-emperor? The worst that could happen is that we'll die. If we were to die, we shall face our deaths bravely; but if we manage to escape, we would become legends forever. Ha ha ha," Hu Bugui said with a chuckle.

In a secret realm of the Chaos Demon Emperor’s Reincarnation Hall.

Heavenly thunder, fire, and wind howled together and the scene was as terrifying as the beginning stages of Chaos.

A middle-aged man in a golden long robe walked in the midst of it all and looked as relaxed as though he was strolling through a beautiful garden. There wasn't any energy wave of divine splendor around him either but the energy waves of the destructive Chaotic forces that could instantly destroy Great Saints didn't seem to affect him at all. Once they came within a meter of him, they would instantly turn into smoke and become nothingness.

"The ways of the Chaos Demon Emperor are indeed extraordinary. He even managed to reconstruct the scenes of the initial Chaos stage, long before any living thing existed. Unfortunately, there isn’t any Chaos Demon Reincarnation Scripture here, I can't believe my guess was wrong..." The middle-aged man shook his head with a small smile on his face. "Someone must have disrupted the divine secret, causing me to appear in the wrong area. This should have been the work of another Quasi-emperor. I guess that there are indeed many out there who are after the Chaos Demon Reincarnation Scripture, haha. It doesn't matter. The divine secret is constant and even a Martial Emperor would not be able to continuously disrupt the divine secret. I would be able to sense it at some point in time, then a fierce battle would definitely ensue."

The middle-aged man didn't seem upset at all that there was nothing in this secret realm.

His mental state was already at a perfect state, with no scars or cracks.

This was an energetic Quasi-emperor with abundant vitality and absolute confidence.

"I guess it is time to leave," he said as he stopped.

Then, the bright jade that he wore on his forehead suddenly cracked open with a bang and turned into crushed jade powder.

"Brother, you must avenge me... I refuse to admit defeat, I... really hate him," a hologram of the handsome young man howled like a vengeful spirit, formed by the crushed jade powder.

The middle-aged man was stunned, then his emotionless face suddenly changed. "Brother..."

"The person who killed me is... Ye..." the hologram's face turned savage but it disappeared before it could complete its sentence.

The middle-aged man stood rooted to the spot and a teardrop suddenly fell from one of his eyes.

His tear traced a line down his face but turned into bright light mid-air, before it fell onto the ground. Then, it spread out and divine splendor exploded and transformed into laws mid-air. The destructive Chaos scene in this secret realm was instantly destroyed. The entire secret realm was immediately torn apart by one single teardrop...

He found himself in an ancient and majestic grand hall.

The middle-aged man stood in the middle of the hall.

"My parents died early and my only family was my younger brother. I spent my whole life pursuing the martial way and had never properly guided him, resulting in him suffering in the mortal realm. I returned to my hometown thirty years ago after attaining the half-step to the Quasi-emperor realm and helped him extend his lifespan. I changed his physical body and blessed him with a cultivation of a peak Saint realm. I've always agreed to any request he made and even ordered Saints to be his men. I intended to make it up to him but instead, my actions have harmed him. He didn't have the sincerity to pursue the martial way but was given martial power. He ultimately brought about his own downfall..." After that tear rolled down the middle-aged man's cheek, he had reined in his emotions. He mused to himself and he was a little emotional but no longer sorrowful as he continued, "Brother, I forbade you from tagging along this time when the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor descended upon the land, but you insisted on coming... I've been stuck at the half step to Quasi-emperor realm for thirty years because the only crack in my heart for the martial way was my love for my only family. I couldn't bear to rid myself of this connection and planned to straighten out my heart for the martial way to truly attain the Emperor realm after your lifespan was exhausted. But you... Sigh, I guess the laws of the universe have their own plans. I was able to change your life for a short period of time but I couldn't change it for your entire lifetime. If the heavens want you dead, I wouldn't be able to prevent it either. I'll break the final familial bond you and I shared with this single teardrop. After I've avenged you, I would have nothing left to tie me to this world any longer."

Before he finished speaking, the universe reacted.

Up above the grand hall, the laws of the universe were reversed, producing thunder and lightning as though the laws were responding to his words.

He tapped his fingers together and calculated, drawing on an mysterious technique to figure out some clues.

A strange splendor flashed in his eyes and a picture appeared in the Void.

The silhouette of a man in black hair and white robes gradually appeared.

However, this picture only lasted an instant before it collapsed and disappeared.

A look of surprise crossed that middle-aged man's face, "Hm? Who could the person who destroyed my Emperor Detection Technique be? Was the murderer of my young brother a Quasi-emperor?"

He tried again.

He tried countless times and his attempts all ended in failure. He was not even able to produce that white silhouette in the Void any longer.

"Forget it, his silhouette is enough. I'll definitely be able to find him once I see his face... Even if he has the protection of a Quasi-emperor, I'll annihilate him, his relatives, his friends, his men, his auxiliaries, his domain... all these will have to join my brother in his grave. Then, my heart for the martial way and I will become one. Once an Emperor rages, the heavens will be buried. When Li Xiaofei flew into a rage, he killed thirty thousand and annihilated ten domains. As a Quasi-emperor, I can do the same. No one will be able to stop my first rampage."

The middle-aged man scoffed and gave up on his attempts.

He put his hands behind his back and turned to leave.

His figure flashed with each step.

After three steps, he completely disappeared from the grand hall.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 966:


Chapter 982 – Emperor Detection Technique


Ye Qingyu kept the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill].

After the sword pill feasted on the blood essence of dozens of Saints of the foreign race, it turned as crimson as the twilight mist. It was crystalline and bright, its color increasing in intensity.

Ye Qingyu couldn't help but be slightly surprised by the energy contained within it.

The [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] was many times more powerful than the incomplete large sword in the past and its ability to refine the blood essence had also increased by many times. However, he didn't rush to immediately extract the energy contained within it, but instead chose to keep this energy contained within the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill]. He would use it as a trump card and guessed that it could be wielded to its fullest potential at a crucial moment.

Then, he flipped his hand and the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] disappeared into his palm.

His expression suddenly changed at that moment for he felt a wave of extremely terrifying energy on him, as though it had passed through countless mountains and rivers to find him.

This wave of energy wasn't a killing intent but it was more frightening. It contained a terrifying authority that brooked no resistance, as though it was trying to peer through every single part of his body. It even seemed like it was trying to twist and change his fate and was extremely mysterious. He felt like an invisible god was peering down at him from above and that there was no good will in this energy at all.

"What... what is going on?" He couldn't hold back his shock.

Then, the black rock that hung from his waist trembled slightly and released a wisp of smoke that instantly shrouded him.

That terrifying energy immediately broke apart and disappeared without a trace.

"Senior?" Ye Qingyu asked in surprise via telepathy.

"Someone is trying to use the Emperor Detection Technique to deduce your movements as well as your fate. This person seems to be a Quasi-emperor,” the million-year-old soul's voice sounded from the black rock. "I managed to block it for you but he seemed to have caught a glimpse. You must be careful from now on since you can't afford to run into him. You aren't his match so if he sees you, you'll die for sure."

Ye Qingyu was extremely shocked.

He immediately realized that it must have been the Quasi-emperor brother of that handsome young man. That Quasi-emperor must have already received news about his brother's death and was probably trying to find the murderer, instantly deducing that the murderer was Ye Qingyu.

According to legend, Emperors of the martial way had a deep insight into the laws and could draw on the power of laws to deduce anything. This was known as the Emperor Detection Technique, thus the person who had found him earlier must have at least been a Quasi-emperor.

Thankfully, the million-year-old soul had helped him avert this disaster.

"Many thanks," he thanked the soul telepathically.

The fact that the million-year-old soul could soundlessly sense that it was a Quasi-emperor activating the Emperor Detection Technique, it went to show that the soul must have been extremely powerful.

"No problem. I also sensed that besides the Emperor Detection Technique earlier, there seemed to be another force that was secretly protecting you, but it merely flickered then disappeared..." the million-year-old soul said, then sank deep into contemplation.

Another force?

He was slightly surprised and couldn't figure out what it could be.

He paused, then shook his head, deciding to put this matter aside for now. He walked over to the dried up corpse of the handsome young man and raised his hand, summoning the [Wandering Dragon Cloud Sucking Spear] to him.

His wrist shook and instantly, thousands of green radiances burst from the dragon's mouth, twinkling like thousands of wintery stars in the night sky.

"This is a great spear!" He couldn't help but exclaim joyously.

He was also a great spear master, so the moment he held the spear, he immediately knew how extraordinary this weapon was. There were formations all over the insides of the spear and the spear body was made of Flowing Bronze Immortal Gold, while the spear point was made of emerald mithril and could pierce through the body of a Great Saint. When activated after injecting his yuan qi into it, it became a peerless lethal weapon. This divine spear was probably of Great Saint grade and it might not have even been in the possession of an average Great Saint.

"This spear was really wasted in your hands, just like casting pearls before swine."

He said as he looked at the corpse of the handsome young man.

After he finished speaking, this corpse disintegrated with a bang and turned into thousands of sand-like shards that spilled all over the ground.

"Brother Hu Bugui, I'm taking this spear. I'll exchange this for the finished products of ten divine pills later on," Ye Qingyu said with a laugh.

Hu Bugui also laughed as he said, "Haha, you killed that man, so it belongs to you. There's no need to give me any more divine pills since I've already gained so much just by following you today."

Ye Qingyu smiled but didn't say anything else.

He'd definitely had to find a way to make it up to Hu Bugui later on. Anyway, being as close as they were, if he tried to push back, he'd look a little pretentious.

They both remained calm and temporarily cast aside the matter of how they had offended a Quasi-emperor.

"Brother Ye Qingyu, we can't stay here for long. We have to collect these divine pills as soon as possible, then leave immediately," Hu Bugui said solemnly.

Ye Qingyu nodded, then his gaze swept across the hundreds of pill furnaces beside him. After some thought, he said, "You're right. However, there are just too many of these pill furnaces at [Tusita Palace]. It would take a lot of energy to open them all one at a time, not to mention that we'll also be wasting time. Based on my estimations, we would need at least three days and nights to open them all. If other stronger experts find their way here, we might not necessarily be their match... Why don't we take them all with us, then find a hidden place to open them all later when we have time?"

"Take... take them all?" Hu Bugui's eyes were filled with surprise and he couldn't stop himself from reminding him, "Little Ye Qingyu, these pill furnaces are arranged in the order of Yin-Yang and the five elements. If we move them too hastily, we might inadvertently destroy the divine effectiveness of the pills within them. Furthermore, where are we going to find a storage container big enough to store all these pill furnaces?"

"Haha, that would be easy," Ye Qingyu said with a small smile.

He had already formulated a plan.

He mentally summoned the [Cloud Top Cauldron] which then appeared and spun above his head.

The bronze lid of the cauldron automatically flew open and twinkling yellow mist flowed out of the cauldron just like fog. Wisps of Immortal qi circulated around and the entire aura of the [Tusita Palace] inexplicably became more radiant and enchanting. Ye Qingyu felt a little surprised for he had a strange feeling that a mysterious change had taken place in the [Cloud Top Cauldron] while it was in this primeval world environment. It seemed to operate a lot smoother and faster than before.

"The origins of this bronze cauldron are shrouded in mystery. It is probably a Saint artifact from the Fiendgod Age as well. The environment here in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor is no different from how it used to be during the Fiendgod Age. Could this be the cause of its change?"

Ye Qingyu mused to himself.

However, this was not important at the moment.

He operated it with his mysterious technique and the [Cloud Top Cauldron] spun as it slowly rose to mid-air. It then tipped forward slightly and its glowing golden silk ribbons swayed gently. Next, an exceptionally mysterious energy that contained the divine power of the Great Dao instantly radiated from the mouth of the cauldron.

The pill furnaces on the ground shook slightly, then the bright yellow mist wrapped itself around these furnaces and swept them into the bronze cauldron.

Hu Bugui's eyes bulged in shock.

In less than four breaths, the hundreds of pill furnaces within the palace were swept into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Ye Qingyu used his divine sense to reconstruct the Yin-Yang Bagua Formation within the [Cloud Top Cauldron] that was almost exactly the same as the one in the palace. He arranged these pill furnaces in the same order that they had been placed earlier. Just as he expected, after he retracted the bright yellow mist, there was no change to those pill furnaces and their formation remained intact with no damage to their contents either.

Then, he recalled the [Cloud Top Cauldron] which gradually grew smaller as it spun before it turned into a ray of light that entered his body.

"Brother Hu Bugui, once we're out of this place, let's find a safe place to divide the divine pills within the pill furnaces," he said as he turned to Hu Bugui.

A strange emotion swept over Hu Bugui. His eyes lit up and he agreed, nodding heavily with a smile, "Sure!"

Hu Bugui felt that it was an incredible opportunity for him to obtain a small portion of these divine pills, since little Ye Qingyu had been the one doing all the work to get them into the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor and lead them safely into the [Tusita Palace]. He would have been satisfied with those few pills he had obtained but he didn't expect little Ye Qingyu to consistently insist on dividing the pills between him, little Nan Tieyi and even that silly dog. His mental state had surpassed even the Great Saints and was probably comparable to a Quasi-emperor.

One's mental state was an extremely profound concept to a martial artist. There was no way to cultivate it via mysterious techniques, neither could it increase one’s combat strength, but it would determine one's limit on the martial way.

Hu Bugui asked himself if he would do the same and concluded that he probably would not be as nonchalant as little Ye Qingyu when faced with such tempting treasures.

At this moment, the silly dog that was still lying prone on Ye Qingyu's shoulder seemed to be slowly regaining consciousness.

Its limbs remained in a strange stiffened state but it could at least move its tail slightly. Its eyes roved around and it could also open its mouth slightly. However, its tongue was still rather stiff but it salivated the moment it heard Ye Qingyu mention dividing those pills and rushed to speak anxiously, "Woof... Woof, gimme more orf dem... (Give me more of them)"

Ye Qingyu was left momentarily dumbfounded.

"Hahaha, silly dog, are you drunk? Or is your tongue swollen? We can't understand you at the rate you keep slurring your words!" Hu Bugui felt his spirits lift and immediately reached to grab Silly Dog's pink tongue that hung out of its mouth. Then he stretched it like a rubber band before releasing it, seizing this chance to tease Little Nine while it was unable to retaliate.

"Schtinky hands (Stinky Hands)! Bah... gerroff (Get off!)!" Little Nine was enraged.

The more annoyed it became, the more it slurred its words.

"Ah? What did you say? Stinky hands? Hehe, I didn't even complain about your stinky saliva! Hahaha..." Hu Bugui burst out laughing as he pointed at Little Nine.

He felt great and he reveled in the silly dog's embarrassment, which was so unlike its usual smug and prideful self.

They carefully inspected every part of the main hall of this palace to ensure that they didn’t miss out on any treasure.

A while later, the million-year-old soul came out of its silent reverie and secretly sent a telepathic message to him, "Alright, there's nothing here anymore. Let's continue... we don't have much time anymore and have to arrive at the gate to the Demon Domain as soon as possible."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 967:


Chapter 983 - Immortal Body


Gate to the Demon Domain?

He hadn't heard the million-year-old soul mention this before but it seemed like the most important place in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

Ye Qingyu nodded but he didn't probe further.

He turned and gestured to Hu Bugui, then they departed as a group. He continued to follow the guidance of the million-year-old soul to reach the end of the hall of [Tusita Palace]. There was a small transit space in the depths of [Tusita Palace] that resembled the one at the [Seven Elements Relief Palace]. However, it was darker compared to the one earlier and there were eight entrances within it.

These eight entrances were carved out of black rock and other than the fact that these entrances were headed in different directions, they looked exactly the same. The entrances were all extremely dark, just like the mouth of a giant beast and they looked as though they led to stranger and perilous unknown destinations.

Hu Bugui looked at these entrances and didn't rush to charge into any of them.

He knew that Ye Qingyu would make the correct decision.

He now had complete faith in little Ye Qingyu's decisions after he had brought them this far.

"Let's go," Ye Qingyu only paused a short second before he selected the third entrance on the right. He walked toward it without any hesitation.

Hu Bugui hurried to trail close behind him.

It was a long corridor with seemingly no end in sight.

The two men and a dog walked calmly along the corridor.

A short while later, Ye Qingyu thought of something and asked telepathically, "Senior, those pills within the pill furnaces of [Tusita Palace] might just be able to help you reconstruct your body. Are you sure you don't want them?"

He had already asked the million-year-old soul this question earlier when he had been dividing the medicinal pills at [Tusita Palace].

But the spirit had rejected him.

This was why he suggested for those pills to be equally divided between Hu Bugui, Little Nine and Nan Tieyi.

However, he couldn't help but ask this question once more.

He knew that they wouldn't have been able to seize this opportunity to arrive at the [Tusita Palace] before the rest without the guidance of the million-year-old soul. Otherwise, they would probably still be stuck roaming aimlessly around the maze and who knew what could have happened to them? If they were unlucky, they might have been sucked into various chaotic battles and be constantly on the run.

The million-year-old soul paused for a moment, then said telepathically, "Young man, you managed to remain honorable even in the face of precious treasures. It is rare indeed for someone to maintain a pure heart but I truly don't need those pills because they would be useless to me. The item I require to reconstruct my body is more precious than these divine pills. If I'm lucky, I might just be able to find it within this Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor."

Then, the million-year-old soul changed the topic and continued, "Instead, I'd like to give you some advice. If you have the time, you may open the 99th pill furnace on the west side of the Formation in advance. The content of this particular pill furnace is extremely powerful. Since I can tell that you are very knowledgeable in the study of alchemy and you have the ability to control pills, if you could refine this thing, it might help you if you encounter that Quasi-emperor who is hunting you down and it might… even be able to save your life."

Ye Qingyu carefully recorded those words and replied thankfully, "Many thanks."

He committed these words to memory since he knew this million-year-old soul would never give pointless advice. The million-year-old soul must have calculated that there was something within that particular pill furnace before he said those words. Ye Qingyu was a little curious to know what exactly could that thing be for the million-year-old soul to say that it could help him against the Quasi-emperor?

However, this was clearly not the time to be opening that pill furnace.

Then another thought came to him and he asked, "Senior, you mentioned before that you were one final step away from constructing a brand new body and needed to obtain this item from the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor and you mentioned it again earlier. Could you share what is this thing that you are searching for?"

When they met at the mountain gate of the Greater One Sect, the million-year-old soul shared with him that other than the heart refined from the Storm Platform, he still needed to obtain a crucial item from the Reincarnation Hall.

Without the guidance of the million-year-old soul, Hu Bugui and himself would have never been able to come so far. He had already received a lot of favors from this million-year-old soul so he really wanted to do something for the million-year-old soul to repay his kindness.

"Ha ha ha, young man, I know what your intentions are. I'm looking for a legendary item that is known as the Immortal Body. However, I have yet to deduce the exact location of this item and currently have no way to find it. Thus, I didn't feel the need to mention it to you yet." The million-year-old soul replied with a smile. He was very comforted by how Ye Qingyu took the initiative to bring this matter up.

Ye Qingyu was slightly surprised.

Immortal Body?!

He hadn't heard of this before.

However, from its name alone, he could tell that it was an extremely rare ultimate treasure.

Any item that had the word 'Immortal' attached to it would be enough to drive everyone in the martial way crazy.

"Senior, could you let me know more about the Immortal Body?" Ye Qingyu asked.

"It is an ultimate treasure that existed in legends," the million-year-old soul answered truthfully. It paused for a while, then continued, "According to legend, hundreds of years ago, a piece of Immortal jade fell from the Immortal realm to the world when there was turbulence amongst the stars in the nine heavens. That piece of Immortal jade belonged to the Immortals and was extremely primordial. It was very pure, without impurities, dust or dirt and it felt as warm and as smooth to touch, just like skin. It was smooth, clear and absolutely perfect without any flaws. Its outer appearance resembled a human and it was so life-like that it looked no different from a human but it didn't have a soul. In the past, this piece of Immortal jade was recognized throughout the world as the perfect primordial Immortal form. Some even speculated that it could have been the corpse of a true Immortal but it was without consciousness. There was once even an Emperor of the martial way who declared that if one's soul entered the Immortal jade, one would be able to have the body of an Immortal. If one's soul seized this body and reincarnated, entering that body with a mysterious  technique, one would be able to obtain a perfect body and obtain immortality, instantly attaining the Great Dao. During the Fiendgod Age, everyone in the world scrambled and fought manically for this Immortal body. This ignited a chaotic battle throughout the Vast Thousand Domains at one point in time. Later on, it was rumored that the Chaos Demon Emperor managed to obtain this Immortal body and according to legend, it was stored within this Reincarnation Hall. The Chaos Demon Emperor had been keeping it for his perfect hundredth reincarnation cycle and planned for its soul to enter this Immortal body after it had reincarnated. If he succeeded, he would have attained the highest form of the Dao. Unfortunately, he failed to complete this heaven-defying action and mysteriously disappeared during the hundredth reincarnation process. Therefore, I deduced that this Immortal body must just be found within this Reincarnation Hall. If I'm right and we manage to find the Immortal Body without any complications, I would be able to fully reincarnate."

Ye Qingyu was completely stunned.

Did the Immortal Body truly have such unbelievable origins?

Immortal Body?

Did Immortals truly exist in this world?

He had read many records that mentioned the history of the Fiendgod Age but this was the first time he heard of the Immortal Body.

Since he already agreed to help the million-year-old soul, he would temporarily shelve his plans to find other opportunities for himself and the rest.

He didn’t hesitate before saying solemnly, "If that is the case, once you have deduced an answer, we'll head straight for the Immortal Body. It would be good if you could possess an Immortal Body earlier too."

The million-year-old soul said telepathically, "Sure, but unfortunately, all I'm able to sense right now is a small trace of Immortal body qi. I can't be absolutely certain yet and would need more time to continue sensing."

Ye Qingyu nodded and continued heading forward.

Approximately an hour later—

They were almost at the end of the dark and dim corridor.

Hu Bugui looked around expectantly.

The silly dog on Ye Qingyu's shoulder was trying his best to wave his stiff limbs around in an attempt to regain control of his own body.

Ye Qingyu was also curious to know where the million-year-old soul was leading them to next.

Then, they could hear the sounds of fighting at the end of the corridor.

Huh?

Was there a battle up ahead?

Ye Qingyu's face turned cold and after exchanging a glance with Hu Bugui, they silently exerted their yuan qi as they continued to cautiously make their way ahead.

When they arrived at the end of the corridor, they saw that they were in front of another main hall.

There was a plaque that was affixed to the top of the main hall and three words were splashed boldly across it in bold strokes ——

'Three Mountains Pavilion'.

This palace was similar to the other palace halls they passed by earlier. The Three Mountains Pavilion was a large palace and it was completely built from black rock in the shape of a precious tripod. It wasn't very big and was less than a hundred acres but its ceiling was extremely high and it was many times that of [Seven Elements Relief Palace]. When they looked up, they could only see a vast and boundless pitch-black darkness and it gave them the impression that they were standing in the middle of a hollowed out ancient divine mountain.

The sounds of fighting that they heard earlier came from the Three Mountains Pavilion.

However, as they drew closer to the larger entrance, the clear and loud sounds of fighting earlier gradually became softer.

The sounds had completely disappeared in the ten breaths they took to arrive at the entrance.

"How odd. How could the sounds disappear so quickly?"

Ye Qingyu concentrated hard but he could no longer hear any sounds of fighting coming from the hall.

It wasn't just the sounds of fighting.

Every single sound from the Three Mountains Pavilion mysteriously disappeared as well.

"Did the battle end that quickly?"

Hu Bugui was also slightly astonished.

If the situation seemed out of sorts, this meant that there was definitely something wrong.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui observed their surroundings as they slowly walked toward the hall, their expressions cautious and alert.

They clearly sensed from the sounds of fighting earlier that there were large numbers of Great Saint realm experts battling chaotically. This was an extremely ferocious situation and this battle had the potential to crush the skies, so it couldn't have ended so quickly. Yet, the entire Three Mountains Pavilion quietened down all of a sudden, so they couldn't afford to let down their guard.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui exchanged a glance, then reached out to push the doors to the main hall open.

The door creaked open.

Boom!

The incredibly powerful and rich residual Saint yuan qi energy and the strong pungent scent of blood came rushing toward them.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui's yuan qi immediately surged to form a dazzling protective light shield over them.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 968:


Chapter 984 - Apocalyptic Sword Qi


“This is the residual energy from a chaotic battle.”

Ye Qingyu instantly discerned what it was.

It was not a surprise attack.

A grand Saint realm battlefield, chaotic like no other, was in the main hall.

The battlefield on which Saint realm experts had exerted power was as terrifying as a mountain of knives and a sea of flames. Even the residual energy left in the Void was powerful enough to instantly annihilate those ordinary Immortal Step realm experts.

Standing at the entrance of the main hall, Ye Qingyu swept his eyes, within which purple lightning was flickering, across.

With just a glance, he and Hu Bugui were both astounded.

The Void in the main hall was densely filled with specks of brilliance akin to stars in a dark night sky. All kinds of illusory images manifested endlessly, with some resembling sword marks, some resembling rifts cleaved out using knives and axes, and others resembling large holes punctured by fists. As yuan qi surged throughout the hall, the chaotic qi within the nearly-shattered spatial barriers let out shrilling howls, partially yet accurately recreating the terrifying scenes within the chaotic windstorms.

These were the brands left behind by the Saints’ exertion of battle techniques.

The Saints’ battle marks had filled the Void with brands which continued to possess significant battle strength even though the Saints had died and which would engulf anyone who walked in. This was not the kind of zone which an ordinary Saint would dare go near to.

However, Ye Qingyu was no ordinary Saint.

After his astoundment subsided, he reached out a hand and straightened his fingers.

Divine Emperor sword will diffused from his fingers and wove into silver nets which grabbed toward the Void.

Bam bam bam!

Huge blares tremored the entire place.

Those specks of brilliance were visibly shattered by a more powerful force while the residual will was swiftly destroyed. Dazzling streaks of brilliance turned into smoke and completely dissipated among the Void. All of the Saints’ battle remains were wiped away immaculately.

The fog faded away completely.

“These are… corpses… too many of them,” Hu Bugui said aloud.

Shocked, the silly dog, too, let out whining noises.

In the Three Mountains Pavilion in front of Ye Qingyu and the others were hundreds of bodies that were dead through and through. Some were lying at sixes and sevens on the black rock surface, while others were piled out like small hills. Looking across, one could see that the dead comprised of various large races, including the Human Race and the Demon Race.

The bloody sights in front of the party reminded one of an Asura hell.

The smell of blood was pungent and hard to bear, causing one’s breath to become difficult.

“Let’s take a look first.” Ye Qingyu had calmed down by this time.

Hu Bugui nodded and then walked into the hall while pinching his nose and continuing to observe all around him.

Ye Qingyu, too, walked into the hall.

A moment later, as if he had discovered something, Hu Bugui waved a hand at Ye Qingyu while pointing in a certain direction with his other hand, saying, “Brother, look at those three… Is that a weapon rack? Or an artifact rack? Why do I feel that this palace… is an arsenal?”

Ye Qingyu looked toward the direction Hu Bugui was pointing in.

Placed beside the west wall were three oddly-shaped, stone-made weapon racks. They were shaped like giant fans and on their surfaces were many bulging ridges which were apparently used to hold certain kinds of weapons in place. However, these racks were completely empty at present.



Although the rock walls of the palace showed no signs of having been damaged by the battle, the broken weapons which were scattered everywhere on the ground, together with the many broken limbs and huge amounts of essence and blood of the dead experts, made the hall look like an utter mess.

It appeared that a violent fight had broken out among these experts as they scrambled for the treasures on the weapon racks.

The outcome was that hundreds of Saint corpses were left behind while the victors walked away with the “booty”.

This large battle was truly too shocking.

However, in connection to what was seen and heard earlier, it felt rather strange that the battle had ended so quickly.

Feeling doubtful, Ye Qingyu subsequently beamed his divine consciousness toward the hundreds of corpses to examine them carefully. He roughly estimated that there were four hundred bodies in the main hall.

Among them were around fifty to sixty human Saints who were dressed differently and emitted different yuan qi auras. Their death states also varied, with some apparently struck by fists and others decapitated by halberds, albeit they all seemed to have died in that messy battle a while ago.

Among the piled-up corpses were more than one hundred foreign race experts. The distribution of corpses suggested that they had surrounded the Human Race experts, albeit their death states were similar to those of the Human Race bodies – they had died not long after and their demonic power continued to flow and surge endlessly.

However, on the other side from these corpses were more than two hundred piled-up corpses which appeared rather strange.

“Based on the exterior features and dress of these corpses, they are probably experts from the Star Wolf Race and the Demon Owl Race.” With one glance, Hu Bugui recognized their identities and recalled, “They are notorious for their hatred of the Human Race, and would attack and seek to kill any Human Race force they run into among the myriad domains, without sparing even the old, weak, female, or young. Hmph, they most definitely had something to do with those dead Human Race bodies to the side. I guess that their Saints had joined forces to attack the humans.”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

Hu Bugui's assessment was similar to the results of his observation.

He had begun to mentally recreate the battle and slaughter according to the marks and clues he had found in the area. The distribution and condition of the corpses roughly showed that those fifty to sixty Human Race experts were first to reach this place but foreign race experts quickly caught up. While these races were fighting over those divine weapons and valuable treasures, the Star Wolf Race and Demon Owl Race swiftly barged in before encircling and slaughtering both parties.

However, as the saying went, while a mantis is pursuing a cicada, an oriole is sneaking up on it.

The Star Wolf Race and Demon Owl Race apparently did not expect that another force would turn up just as they were about to leave. Possessing extremely terrifying strength, this force slaughtered both these races in almost no time at all, before walking away with all the treasures in the main hall of the Three Mountains Pavilion, leaving nothing but a sea of corpses.

“As they say, evil begets evil. The deaths of these Star Wolf and Demon Owl crooks certainly count as retribution. However, I’m unable to figure out who could’ve slaughtered so many Saints of these two races at the same time.” Somewhat puzzled, Hu Bugui walked over to several Demon Owl corpses and carefully checked the wounds on them.

Ye Qingyu could not help feeling somewhat curious as well.

The Saints of these two races added up to more than two hundred and thus could be considered a very powerful group, yet they were annihilated in little time.

“Huh? There don’t seem to be any fatal wounds.” Hu Bugui looked perplexed as he continually flipped the bodies and checked.

He could easily be mistaken to be searching the corpses for treasures.

Ye Qingyu, too, crouched down and carefully examined.

“This… this is… sword qi!” An astonished expression suddenly flashed across his eyes when his finger was feeling the left abdomen of a corpse.

There was an extremely smooth and fine incision near his finger. It was barely visible and was akin to a hairline wound. If his fingertips had not felt the vibration in the body, he probably would not have noticed it.

After some thought, he carefully peeled the wound open.

An extremely overbearing and incisive sword qi suddenly shot out from the fine sword wound and surged toward the duo.

“Careful!” Hu Bugui exclaimed.

But Ye Qingyu, who was already prepared, instantly grabbed hold of the sword light.

Bam!

As a bursting noise rang out in his hand, the sword light turned into countless specks of light dust and dissipated.

Hu Bugui let out a sigh of relief.

Instead, a look of astonishment flashed across Ye Qingyu's face for a moment.

He had clearly felt the terror of this sword qi during that moment when the sword light burst.

Despite his physical cultivation already attaining the pinnacle of the Great Saint realm, he was unexpectedly shocked by a beam of sword light and his wrists tingled in bouts. It was thus evident that the owner of this beam of sword light possessed strength which was at least at the pinnacle of the Saint realm and had mastered a highly terrifying sword will which was comparable to a [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra]. He would certainly be a formidable foe if ran into.

“Are you alright?” Still somewhat fearful, Hu Bugui swallowed his saliva.

“Not too bad.” Ye Qingyu shook his head.

With that, he resumed flipping and examining the other corpses.

“It was the same person and same kind of sword qi which caused the fatal blows to their bodies and souls.” He quickly formed a verdict.

Hu Bugui nodded, suggesting that he had realized this too.

Two hundred Saint-level experts had actually died to the same kind of sword qi.

Moreover, the sword qi at the wounds was terrifying like no other, containing lasting sword light and surging waves of sword force. Its might had not diminished in the least bit, and a world-destroying aura still seemed to linger.

The strength of the assailant was simply too frightening.

Ye Qingyu muttered inwardly, a look of astonishment flashing across his eyes.

“This sword qi… feels rather familiar.” Hu Bugui suddenly remembered something after pondering. “This… might be Apocalyptic sword qi!”

Apocalyptic qword qi?

The Apocalyptic Demon Sect?

Ye Qingyu was stunned for a moment, immediately realizing something.

The sword qi on these corpses was exactly the same as that on the Demon Saints’ corpses they had encountered in the Wei River Mountain Range.

“Could it be that experts from the Apocalyptic Demon Sect had killed the Star Wolf Race and the Demon Owl Race to avenge the dead Human Race experts?” Hu Bugui squirmed slightly as he spoke in a still-rather-doubtful tone, “But… this shouldn’t be… Years back, the Apocalyptic Demon sect master’s strength could indeed be considered to be in the top among the entire Clear River Domain, but even then, his strength was only at the pinnacle of the Immortal Step realm, and he was no match for a Saint. How could his strength have grown so terrifying in only a few years… such that he can slaughter so many Saint-level experts? This isn’t possible.”

There was no way that the Apocalyptic Demon sect master could possess such strength.

He absolutely could not have cultivated to this kind of level in such a short time.

Yet, aside from him, which other expert could have mastered the Apocalyptic sword qi?



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

