Chapter 125:


Chapter 125 – Being Kicked

Outside the cauldron.

The black-robed figure, Chen Moyun sat in a meditative position in front of the cauldron. Yuan qi revolved around his body, his inner yuan activated to the extreme. Both of hands formed a bizarre seal, and from this seal in his hands, yuan energy surged out and transformed into a red flame. It burned at the bottom of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

From the outside, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was like a golden-coloured gourd. With a small top and a large bottom and both sections possessing a perfectly round shape.

On the top of the pill cauldron, there were the design of the four great ancient mythological beasts carved onto it. The entire golden cauldron seemed as if it was covered by a golden halo. On the top of the cauldron were three mountain-like crowns that pressed the cauldron down and the entire mass seemed as if it was surrounded by golden water. There was not any chinks or gaps whatsoever, giving off the sense that it was one entirely well-blended entity.

The pill cauldron slowly revolved.

On the forehead of Chen Moyun, there were also beads of sweat.

Even if he was the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix], but to use his utmost efforts to control the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was a matter that took great energy.

“This little brat can really bear it. Six days and six nights have already passed, but from his sounds he seems to still be as lively as a tiger or a dragon.”

Chen Moyun began to grow frantic inside.

Of his abilities in the art of pill creation, eighty percent of it came from the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Tens of years ago, in an exploration formed by the Azure Phoenix Academy, he had unknowingly obtained the copper cauldron. At the start, it was just a normal and discarded cauldron. It was only due to the broken and old appearance of the cauldron that allowed Chen Moyun to obtain it when he had such a lowly status back then. Afterwards, Chen Moyun was able to discover the true secret behind the cauldron and his strength began to grow explosively. From just a low class student, he leapt to become the pill master that everyone respected.

But after so many years had passed, Chen Moyun discovered with some regret that he had only uncovered a little portion of the secrets of the cauldron. Ultimately, he was not able to utilize the full power of the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. He was not able to do as the [Pill Mantra] described and achieve the realm where man and cauldron could combine into one.

He was not even able to truly activate the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

But even if so, the scraps that he was able to obtain from the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was enough for him to become the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] that was famed throughout the lands.

If he was able to completely decipher the mysteries behind the [Cloud Top Cauldron], would this not represent that he could soar into the heavens in one go?

Therefore, to refine the [Human Pill of Dragon Blood], he chose a method that needed to expend a great deal of effort and would spare no expense. He used a special method that he would not normally utilize to refine the pill and also expended the divine herbs that he had spent his life accumulating that was akin to his dowry. He gave up everything to refine the [Human Pill of Dragon Blood].

In reality, even the [Human Pill of Dragon Blood] was something that Chen Moyun had unintentionally peeked at in a forbidden tome within Azure Phoenix Academy.

He had never ever created such a thing before.

Using a live person to create a pill was a forbidden technique within Snow Country.

Once it was exposed, he would suffer the punishment of the laws of the country as well as the exclusion of the Human Race in the entire martial world. It could be said that the risk to undertake such a task was extremely great.

But Chen Moyun still chose to take such a risk.

If he was able to create a [Human Pill of Dragon Blood] and ingest it into his body, it could add another five hundred years to his life. At that time, he could definitely completely understand the secrets and profoundness of the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Relying on the [Cloud Top Cauldron], he could absolutely soar in the skies. After entering into the Bitter Sea stage, even the immortal stage would not pose a problem for him.

And at that time, his title could change. It would change into the [Pill King of Snow Country].

“As long as I work harder and completely refine this brat, every one of my grand schemes can become reality!”

Chen Moyun did his utmost, not even sparing a shred of energy.

His inner yuan, was currently being expended at a crazy rate.

The fifty Spirit springs that he possessed was fiercely fluctuating all around his body. The yuan qi springs soared out and travelled through his body and meridians. It eventually transformed into the power of flames that surged from the seals in his hands, activating the cauldron.

In the blink of an eye, another day and night had passed.

Chen Moyun’s sweat was like starch paste. The back of his head and shoulders was completely drenched.

In total, an entire seven days and seven nights of time had already passed in refining this pill.

“That little brat should have completely died already.”

Chen Moyun tapped on the copper walls of the cauldron.

The angry voice of Ye Qingyu came from within the cauldron. “Why are you so noisy? Your father I was comfortably sleeping, do you have any civility? Can you let me sleep a good sleep, I still have to train in a little while…”

Chen Moyun was taken aback, nearly spitting out a mouthful of blood.

What had happened?

The little brat had not died yet.

Something was not right.

Previously, he had attempted to refine living creatures within the [Cloud Top Cauldron] before. There was a time that he had managed to refine a four star demon soldier, creating a [Demon Pill]. This four star demon soldier, no matter whether considering his life force or demonic powers, was above Ye Qingyu in strength. It ultimately was only able to withstand six days and nights before perishing. Ye Qingyu was only a little martial artist of three Spirit springs, how could he endure for such a long time?

Chen Moyun was somewhat confused.

But after some rapid thinking, he quickly thought of the explanation.

“That’s right, this little brat possesses the [Holy Body of the Dragon’s Blood]. It is a body type that can be placed in the top three of the Human Race since antiquity. Naturally, it will be a little abnormal. To want to completely refine him, most likely more effort must be used. Haha, if it is like this, the stronger the holy body, when it is finally refined into a [Human Pill], the effects will be even greater… haha, this time I really have encountered a great fortune.”

Thinking of this, the worries in Chen Moyun’s heart quickly disappeared.

Utilizing the time efficiently, he once again refined for another half day.

“This should be about right…” He knocked on the walls of the cauldron yet again.

The result was once again the curses of Ye Qingyu that was as lively as a tiger or dragon.

Chen Moyun began to panic and became angry at the same time.

“Could it be that the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] is not enough to completely turn Ye Qingyu into a medicinal man? Therefore, there was no way to completely refine him to his death?”

Chen Moyun, as he did his utmost to maintain and activate the cauldron, began to consider what possible explanations there was for Ye Qingyu’s continued survival.

After some hesitation, he ground his teeth. From within a ring on his finger, he took out a rouge container made from jade. Inside, there was a transparent crystal the width of a finger. Like a gelatinous dessert, it trembled and swayed. Under the light, it emitted a five coloured radiance, shining with a dream-like colour.

Chen Moyun’s gaze, when he saw this crystal, was as if seeing the roots of his life.

“I’ve spent a thousand efforts and suffered ten thousand hardships to acquire this. Half my life was spent before I could obtain an ounce of Origin crystal. I really can’t bear to part with it… but it is only a dead object, and humans are alive. As long as I am able to refine the [Human Pill of Dragon Blood], even a greater price is worth it!

He ground his teeth, thousands of expressions flitting through his face.

Finally, he solidified his determination. With a wave of his hand, this ounce of Origin crystal was thrown into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Then he bit apart the tip of his tongue. A mouthful of the essence of his blood was spat on the flames of the cauldron.

Boom!

The light of the fire exploded.

The originally scarlet red flame, turned into a violet colour, swirling around the cauldron.

As expected, Ye Qingyu’s exhalation of shock was able to be heard within the cauldron. Then, it was the sound of chaotic impacts within the cauldron. From an initial estimation, he should be madly struggling inside. It seemed like there was an immediate effect.

Chen Moyun was overjoyed.

He did not delay any longer, spitting out another three spurts of the essence of his blood. He continued to enhance the flame.

After losing four spurts of blood essence, Chen Moyun’s face became much more pale and pallid. As if he had suddenly aged many times. His originally grey hair had completely turned silver white. There were countless more wrinkles on his face, as if he had aged tens of years in an instant.

He bit his teeth, continuing to activate his inner yuan.

All of his strength was squeezed out.

And under the mad activation of Chen Moyun, one was able to hear the indistinct roars of beasts above the cauldron. The four figures of the ancient mythological beast began to have an aura revolving around it. As if they were alive, an inexplicable apparition could be seen.

Chen Moyun became overjoyed.

“The cauldron has come alive!”

This time, even the heavens are aiding me.

The roar of the divine beasts and the aura enveloping the cauldron was a scene that had never occurred before when he utilized the cauldron.

In the time of a day and night, the [Human Pill] could definitely be successfully refined.

Chen Moyun did his utmost.

…… ……

“The situation is not good!”

Ye Qingyu’s body was completely red, as if he was a tomato that was about to break apart in boiling water.

The Origin crystal the width of a finger, sunk from above. It floated in front of Ye Qingyu.

From within the Origin crystal, a terrifying Spirit energy was emitted that surged and roiled within the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Compared to the Spirit energy of the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid], it was many, many times more concentrated. Under the effect of the pill cauldron, the terrifying Spirit energy, madly rushed towards Ye Qingyu’s body.

Ye Qingyu originally felt like he was a fatty that was already very full and was about to vomit. But at that moment, someone madly stuffed yet more items into his mouth.

Such a sensation of engorgement made him completely crazy.

He unendingly swung his fists, beating on the walls of the cauldron, wanting to release the energy in his body.

And at the same time, within the pill cauldron, another change happened.

On the eight patterns carved onto the walls of the cauldron, every line began to emit a radiance. As if every line was an ordered chain, it shot out from the walls, wrapping around Ye Qingyu’s body. It was as if it wanted to pierce and bury into his flesh. The refining power of the cauldron, through these lines, seamlessly affected Ye Qingyu’s body.

“If this continues on, will I become the first person in history that is stuffed to death with Spirit energy?”

Countless thoughts flickered in Ye Qingyu’s mind.

“Then let’s do it!”

He made an extremely mad decision.

Fiercely suppressing the chaos in his heart, he began to utilize the nameless breathing technique. He did not reject the Spirit energy within the Origin crystal anymore, but instead began to absorb it of his own initiative.

Success and failure depended on this.

Ye Qingyu risked everything.

…… ……

The time frame of nine days and nine nights had completely passed.

Chen Moyun had nearly expended all his energy.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] floated to the ground, incomparably peaceful.

The lines of light emitting from the copper cauldron were like golden fluctuating ripples. From within the pill cauldron, there was a faint fragrance seeping out. And in the interior of the cauldron, one could vaguely hear the singing of angels.

An apparition had appeared.

Chen Moyun controlled the excitement in his heart, circling around the cauldron several times. Carefully observing and listening to any commotion within, a satisfied expression appeared on his face.

According to his previous experience, it seems like refining the pill was a success.

According to the [Pill Mantra], the appearance of an apparition represented the birth of a [Divine Pill].

It must be the [Human Pill of Dragon Blood] that was successfully created.

“Hahahaha, even the heaven’s itself is bequeathing onto me. I, Chen Moyun can finally change my fate. Ahahahaha…” he laughed loudly. “Ye Qingyu, this is your fate, you were destined to be used by me. Thank you for your generosity. Ahaha, I hope that after you die, you won’t blame me. But, even if you blame me, it is no use. You should just honestly stay under the yellow river and watch with wide eyes as I soar into the heavens.”

Saying this, he used his [Pill Mantra], quickly unlocking the pill cauldron.

The copper lid slowly floated up.

A five coloured radiance shone from within the cauldron.

Within the ice cave, a strange fragrance immediately surged out.

Chen Moyun could not wait to jump next to the cauldron, lowering his head to peer into the cauldron.

It was completely dark inside. Chaotic mist was swirling about, and nothing was able to be seen clearly.

Chen Moyun chuckled loudly, his lips curling in such a fashion that it had gone completely bent. He stretched his hand within the cauldron, half his shoulder going in. Fumbling inside, he laughed loudly. “Everything about this cauldron is good except that it is too large. Ai, every time after I refine a pill, I have to stretch my hand out and feel for the inside. The [Human Pill of Dragon Blood], quickly come out! Wahahahaha…”

At this time, he had an excited expression that was hard to describe.

But at this time, suddenly—

Peng!

On his bottom, a fierce kick was struck.

Chen Moyun was far too excited, with no defense at all. He did not react. With a crash, he fell headlong into the cauldron, a harsh tumble.

Boom!

The copper lid fell back down at the same time, covering the cauldron.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 126:


Chapter 126 – I’ll Take Revenge for Them

The alarm of Chen Moyun was no small matter.

The amount of inner yuan within his body was as deep and as vast as the ocean. But during these nine days and nine nights, he had nearly completely spent it through maintaining the cauldron. After seeing the apparition of the cauldron, he was so excited that he lost his composure. Furthermore, he had placed many defenses and safeguards around his surroundings, and was hence lulled into a sense of security. He did not defend against an attack in the least. He had never thought that someone would appear from behind him.

Therefore, this kick struck him solidly on the backside.

When he had recovered, his figure was already wedged within the cauldron.

“Who is it?”

Chen Moyun screamed in shock. His reaction was very rapid. At the very first moment, he activated his inner yuan and struck his palm against the copper lid. He wanted to break free from the cauldron.

But—

Boom!

The copper lid only shook a few times, without being knocked aside.

A vast and endless sealing energy pressured Chen Moyun from all directions of the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. He was trapped within.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] was activated?

How was this possible?

Chen Moyun had cold sweat all over his body.

His brain was completely blank.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] was a secret that belonged solely to him. The way to activate it was special, only he was able to do it. Now, someone had really activated it. Chen Moyun was so greatly shaken that he nearly vomited out his internal organs…

“Who? Who is it that ambushed me?”

Chen Moyun bellowed.

And at this time, an unbridled laughter came from outside the cauldron.

“Hahaha, hahahaha… who else could it be? Of course it is your grandfather I. Old bastard, weren’t you going to refine me to death? Now the tables have turned. I am outside and you are kicked within the cauldron, we’ll see who will refine whom to death!”

“Ye Qingyu… you… how are you outside?”

Chen Moyun was dumbfounded.

He was really seeing a ghost.

But the voice he heard was evidently Ye Qingyu’s laughter.

“Impossible… absolutely impossible… just what motherfucking trick is this? You’ve already been refined into a pill, you… why are you still alive?” Chen Moyun nearly completely self-destructed. He assumed that he had been ambushed by someone, but he had never thought it would be a person that had no possibility of appearing.

Boom!Boom!Boom!

He madly struck the cauldron, wanting to escape.

But the vast and endless sealing power of the cauldron, became more and more evident.

The previous punch had shaken and trembled the cauldron. But after that, the copper cauldron was as stable as a boulder, not moving in the slightest.

“Hahaha, even the heavens itself is bequeathing onto me. I, Ye Qingyu, can finally change my fate. Ahahahahaha…” From outside came the mad and loud laughter of Ye Qingyu, not disguised in the slightest. “Chen Moyun, this is your fate. After calculating so much, ultimately you are to be used by me. Thank you for your generosity, Haha, the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] and the Origin crystal. Ahaha, to maintain the cauldron for days and nights, but not manage to refine me. But you conversely allowed me to excavate another six Spirit springs in my dantian in one breath. Right now, I am already at the ten Spirit spring stage…”

Hearing this, Chen Moyun spat out a jet of blood.

He was about to be driven crazy with anger.

Such words, he had just said to Ye Qingyu. Now Ye Qingyu had returned his words to him.

“Impossible… absolutely impossible…” He was about to go mad.

To have broken through in the cauldron and in these nine days and nine nights of time, from a three Spirit spring expert to grow to a ten Spirit spring expert?

“You are lying to me, you must be lying to me!” Chen Moyun had no way of accepting such a result. He could not believe Ye Qingyu’s words.

……

Ye Qingyu stood outside the pill cauldron.

He was completely naked, his skin blistered red. His entire figure was swollen, as if he had grown fatter by several inches.

Both his hair and eyebrows had completely gone— it had been completely singed off by the scorching heat of the cauldron.

At his current level, his power could not yet be focused to within his hairs. Therefore, there was no way for any of the hairs on his body to be spared.

Ye Qingyu’s current state was incomparably sorry.

But the Demon King Ye who had just escaped from death possessed a very good mood. He did not care at all about the fact that his current appearance did not resemble a human at all.

Ye Qingyu did his utmost to activate his inner yuan, both hands forming seals. He could not suppress his crazy laughter.

“Hahaha, why would I deceive you? Look at me right now, I am using your cauldron in such a familiar fashion, as if I am playing with my own son. Thank you for gifting it to me. The title of the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] is really not in vain. Hahaha, you have helped me so much. Both the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] and the Origin crystal, you have given me so many treasures, I really don’t know how to thank you.”

Boom! Boom!Boom!

There was the continued sounds of fierce struggles coming from inside the cauldron.

“I don’t believe, I don’t believe. I don’t accept this, I don’t accept…”

Chen Moyun could feel his descending doom. He madly struggled like a confined beast.

Ye Qingyu had a pleased expression. “This is fate. Old bastard, I hope that after you die you won’t blame me. But even if you blame me, it is no use. Thanks to your help, my strength has risen rapidly. You should just honestly stay under the yellow river, and watch with wide eyes as I soar to the heavens!”

Boom!Boom!Boom!Boom!

The strikes within the cauldron continued.

It was a pity that no matter how much Chen Moyun struggled, he could not escape.

“I don’t accept this, how did you get out? It is impossible for you to come out from the cauldron… Tell me, just how did you escape?” He was like a trapped beast, screaming and bellowing his heart out.

For the situation to change in the blink of an eye. It made the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] unable to accept it.

Ye Qingyu did not waste his words anymore.

He madly activated his inner yuan, using it to refine the contents of the cauldron.

The mantra that he had previously discovered was called the [Sole Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron]. Ultimately, Ye Qingyu had managed to solve the secret behind six of the ancient characters out of the hundred and eight. This was the heart mantra needed to activate the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

The hundred and eight ancient characters were carved inside the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. It was very hard for people to discover these characters normally.

In the beginning, when Chen Moyun had obtained the [Cloud Top Cauldron], he had examined and researched it to the utmost. But all his attention was placed towards the four depictions of the divine beasts outside the cauldron. Until even now, he had not even fully understood the four diagrams of the mythical beasts fully.

Furthermore, the most crucial point was that according to a pill master, the outside of the cauldron was the auspicious location, but inside the cauldron was an ominous place. It was an area used to refine dead objects or living creatures to their death. The interior of a cauldron represented misfortune. Chen Moyun was a very traditional pill master; he had always followed the teachings of the [Pill Mantra] to the dot. He would not investigate into the ominous place. He had never jumped inside of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to check before.

Therefore until now, he had never discovered the [Sole Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron].

Ye Qingyu only managed to discover the hundred and eight characters through chance alone.

According to the method outlined in these six ancient characters, ye Qingyu madly activated the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

“If not for the fact that I am already an expert of the ten Spirit springs stage, I would really have no way of activating the cauldron. You helped me break through, and will ultimately die within the cauldron. Haha, this is Heaven’s will.” Ye Qingyu laughed loudly, repeating everything that Chen Moyun had said to him.

“No, no, it shouldn’t be like this. I should be the final victor… aaaaaahhhhh…” Chen Moyun screamed. “Just how did you get out? How did you escape from the cauldron? Tell me, tell me…”

Ye Qingyu did not say anything more.

He only chuckled loudly.

But as he laughed, a hot tear streaked down from his face.

Within the hovering tear, the smiles of the armoured sentry flashed by his eyes.

Yes, he had lived on.

But his brothers were already eternally resting within the glacier.

He once said that he would avenge them.

Right now, he would fulfill that promise.

“No, listen to me. Ye Qingyu, quickly stop, we can discuss and negotiate. If you release me, I can give you very rich rewards… you should know that I am the famous [Pill King of Azure Phoenix]. There are countless treasures on me, as well as tens of Spirit weapons and also all sorts of precious herbs and medicines…”

Chen Moyun could barely withstand being in the cauldron any longer, fiercely struggling.

“I can accept you as my disciple. I swear, if you become my disciple, your status will immediately rise. I can help you achieve all your dreams, really, aaaaaaahhhhh, quickly stop…”

This Pill King made promises after promises.

Ye Qingyu only laughed lightly.

“Ahah, compared to those dog fart precious herbs and medicines, right now what I want most, is to avenge my brothers, the sentries… Therefore, old bastard, just go die obediently!”

Ye Qingyu bellowed.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] immediately began to be activated crazily.

Within the cauldron was like the crash of thunder. Chen Moyun was madly struggling, emitting roars and growls like that of a wild beast

But ultimately, everything went silent and disappeared.

A short while later, the pill cauldron was completely silent.

This ambitious Azure Phoenix elder possessing prestigious status and devious methods perished. Finally, under the scorching refining flame of the cauldron, he could not withstand any longer. He transformed into green ash, completely disappearing from this world.

Ye Qingyu stopped the refinement.

At this time, he gradually calmed down.

Ye Qingyu began to evaluate his surroundings.

“So I am still at that underground cave…”

The surroundings were still the ice walls that was translucent and cold. The area he was in was a comparatively large space.

It should be that after Chen Moyun had captured Ye Qingyu, he was too excited and could not wait to obtain the treasure. He had not left the underground labyrinth-like ice cave at all and chose to hide in a somewhat hidden ice room. After arranging a formation to hide his presence, he began the process of refining the pill.

Ye Qingyu sat dumbly where he was, wanting to find clothes to cover his naked body.

But the dimensional pouch had already been completely smelted down. The alcohol and meat rations had completely transformed into ashes. Even the [Inexorable spear] made from black cold steel was completely smelted into scraps.

In this situation, he did not even possess a single thing anymore.

As for the blood that he had obtained from the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] from the two devils, they were luckily preserved. They had been placed in a jade bottle and nourished within his Spirit spring in his dantian. Hence these objects managed to evade this disaster.

Ye Qingyu carefully evaluated this ice room, and very quickly discovered the sealing formation placed by Chen Moyun around his surroundings.

There were three or four layers of this formation. The general use of it should be for concealment and alerting Chen Moyun of any dangers. It could not be classed as any profound formation. It seems like that Chen Moyun was an expert in the aspect of pill making, but was very average in terms of formations. Although Ye Qingyu did not understand the formation arts very much, but after probing it several times, he discovered that with his current strength, he should be able to break out. That made him much more confident and reassured.

Then he saw, in the corner of the ice room, there was the stupid dog Big Head that was snoring in his sleep.

“This animal that has no conscience. I was nearly thrown in the cauldron and smelted to my death, and this glutton was really still snoring away!” Ye Qingyu could not cry or laugh.

Big Head should had been knocked unconscious by Chen Moyun on that day. Afterwards, Ye Qingyu was not too clear on the events that happened. Within the cauldron, he had not discovered Big Head and had assumed that this fellow was thrown away. He had not thought that this fellow had followed them all the way here.

But he was blocked outside of the formation.

Ye Qingyu whistled.

The ears of the big headed dog suddenly perked up in the midst of slumber. He shook his head, then opened his eyes.

The next instant, he saw the Ye Qingyu that was in the ice room.

“Huchi Huchi…” Big Head transformed into a ray of lightning that rushed over.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 127:


Chapter 127 – Accordance Treasure

Peng!

An invisible barrier appeared in the air.

The silly dog Big Head directly struck onto this barrier. His face was nearly completely flattened by the impact, appearing incomparably comical.

The next instant, he was sent rebounding backwards. He fiercely struck and landed on an ice wall far off in the distance. He became completely confused as a result of the impact, gold stars appearing before his eyes. On the ice wall, he left a clear and distinct dog shape, as if this imprint was sculpted onto the wall.

He was forced to stay outside by the defensive formation.

But he only lightly shook his head, then looked towards Ye Qingyu yet again. He stuck out his tongue and began happily panting, an expression of matchless excitement on his face.

This type of gaze was like suddenly seeing hope in the midst of despair.

Within his eyes, there was an ineffable radiance of being emotionally moved that was flickering.

As he wagged his tail towards Ye Qingyu, an excited smile spread on Big Head’s face. It retreated several steps backwards, then his hind legs stomped on the ground. With a whoosh, he transformed into a ray of light, dashing on bravely regardless of any perils towards Ye Qingyu.

Peng!

He struck the barrier again.

This time the tumble was even more vicious than last time.

But very quickly, he stood back up again. He charged forward once again.

Peng!

He was still struck backwards.

Peng!Peng!Peng!

In the icy, silent, and lonely underground cave there was the unrelenting sounds of impact.

Ye Qingyu quickly waved his hands, indicating for him not to rush forwards anymore.

And at this time, Ye Qingyu discovered that on the ice wall, there were tight clusters of the shape of Big Head’s figure. From a rough guess, there were at least a few thousand bunched together. There were so many imprints that the number could not be counted…

At this moment, Ye Qingyu suddenly realized something.

It was very possible that after he had fainted from his heavy injuries, the black-robed Chen Moyun had brought himself to this comparatively hidden ice room to refine him. Big Head should have been thought as a normal battle companion by Chen Moyun, and thrown away. But this glutton could be counted as loyal. He had followed their path, wanting to save Ye Qingyu but had no way of breaking past the defensive formation. It was unknown just how many times he had tried and was rebounded backwards by the formation, landing on the ice wall…

Thinking of this, Ye Qingyu was slightly moved in his heart.

“Fine, fine, glutton. First don’t charge. Wait for me outside, I still have something to do. Wait until I’m finished, then we can go out!” Ye Qingyu gestured to the glutton, indicating that he should not be impatient.

Big Head immediately understood Ye Qingyu’s meaning.

Through the formation, he stuck out his tongue at Ye Qingyu. Shaking his head, he had a complete look of flattery on his face. Half his body on the ground, he constantly wagged his tail.

Ye Qingyu let out a short burst of amusement, turning to face the cauldron.

He began planning about what he should do next.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] in front of him was absolutely a treasure. Only slightly grasping the power of it was enough for the Chen Moyun of average talent to become the acclaimed [Pill King of Azure Phoenix]. One was able to discern the extraordinary nature of the cauldron just by this fact alone. Ye Qingyu would absolutely not forgo this opportunity. But the cauldron was four or five meters tall, made using copper and an unknown divine material. It was unknown just how heavy it was. Ye Qingyu attempted several times, but he could not even budge it.

“This can’t be. With the current strength of my arms, there is at least hundreds of thousands pounds of force in it. How can I not lift this cauldron…”

Ye Qingyu was shocked.

What he did not know was that previously, Chen Moyun had not moved the cauldron. From the beginning, he had placed the cauldron in his interdimensional ring[JR1] [AT2] [JR3] , and used the space technique to retrieve it. He did not need to expend effort carrying and moving it about. It was only that the interdimensional tool [JR4] on Ye Qingyu had already been smelted down by the cauldron— in reality , even if it still existed, Ye Qingyu’s interdimensional item was far too low class. It absolutely could not be compared to the interdimensional ring of Chen Moyun. It would not have been able to contain this treasure.

Thinking for a bit, Ye Qingyu decided to attempt to use the [Sole Will of Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron] to control it.

As expected, there was an immediate change.

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt that there was a mysterious relationship between himself and the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. It was hard to describe this relationship using language alone.

The next instant, the heavy cauldron shuddered, rapidly swirling and rotating. At a rate visible to the naked eye, it quickly shrank. In the blink of an eye, it became the size of his finger, floating and arriving in Ye Qingyu’s palm.

Ye Qingyu felt that his palm was light, as if there was nothing there whatsoever.

“It’s become lighter… this sensation is too fantastic. To suddenly become as light as a feather from so heavy a weight, could it be that it has recognized me as it’s master…? Haha… Eh, this… Heavens, I can even see the space inside it…”

Ye Qingyu suddenly discovered, that he could observe the interior of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] according to his will.

This was far too incredible.

Chen Moyun had obtained this cauldron for decades. But even he absolutely could not observe the space inside so easily. Otherwise, when he was refining Ye Qingyu, he did not need to knock on the walls of the cauldron to discern the state inside. If he had this ability, he only needed to have a glance to know all that is happening inside.

It seems that in these tens of years, the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] still had not obtained the recognition of the [Cloud Top Cauldron]

Ye Qingyu chuckled delightedly.

If this was known by Chen Moyun, would he be so angry that his corpse would become alive again, then spurt out three pounds of blood?

Ye Qingyu carefully inspected the inner space of the cauldron.

As expected, Chen Moyun had completely turned into ashes. He had transformed into black ash that coated the bottom of the cauldron.

Apart from these ashes, the inner chamber of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] did not have anything else. Chen Moyun, after acquiring this cauldron, had always regarded the inner chamber of the cauldron to be an ominous place. Apart from refining pills, he would not store anything within the cauldron, so the space being left empty was within expectations.

“Leaving behind the horrifying ashes of human remains, just throw it away…”

After this thought had just been birthed, one could see the copper lid of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] opening, and the black ashes released.

It was the ashes of Chen Moyun.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, then could not help but laugh loudly.

This [Cloud Top Cauldron] was an Accordance treasure.

The so called Accordance treasure, meant that it could understand it’s master wishes and transform into powerful tools according to its master’s will. Since the God and Devil Age, the appearance rate of Accordance treasures was very low. Only those legendary great characters, could possess one. Different classifications of Accordance treasures had different powers but without exception, every one of them was a great treasure.

Ye Qingyu had not imagined, that the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was an Accordance treasure.

From this point alone, it should not be simply a cauldron.

This Chen Moyun had held such a great treasure without realizing it. He was really blind to have used such a treasure to act as a pill cauldron alone.

Ye Qingyu was unable to contain his joy.

This was absolutely a harvest that was out of his expectations.

He had never imagined that the background of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] would be so extraordinary. He had not thought that the hundred and eight ancient characters on the interior of the cauldron, the [Sole Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron] would be able to control the cauldron. Through such a fortunate incident, Ye Qingyu was able to obtain this treasure. For this point alone, it was worth it for Ye Qingyu to experience such danger.

“Eh? What is this?” When Ye Qingyu looked inside the cauldron once again, there was a little thing flickering with light.

His heart willed, and this object was taken out from the cauldron.

It was an interdimensional ring.

The silver ring possessed a serpentine pattern. Its fangs were biting into a dark red precious stone.

“Could this be the interdimensional ring of Chen Moyun?”

Ye Qingyu very quickly realized it’s background.

Chen Moyun had been smelted into ashes. The objects on his body had also been completely scorched down. For this ring to remain behind, it was definitely not an ordinary object and should also be a treasure. Perhaps it was a treasure that contained all the accumulated wealth of Chen Moyun through these years?

Ye Qingyu quickly became excited.

But after attempting for several times, a disappointed expression was seen on his face.

This interdimensional ring had an interdimensional seal. With Ye Qingyu’s current strength and his mastery over the interdimensional formations, he could not open it and observe the inner space of the ring.

“But this doesn’t matter, I’ll first keep the ring beside me. Once my strength is enough, I can definitely open it and take out the things inside.” As Ye Qingyu thought this, his mood instantly became high again.

He placed the interdimensional ring to store within the [Cloud Top Cauldron] once again.

After several attempts, Ye Qingyu finally succeeded in placing the [Cloud Top Cauldron] into the fourth Spirit spring in his dantian world for it to begin to be nourished.

Afterwards, he began taking care of the problems in his body.

Because he had absorbed far too much Spirit energy, Ye Qingyu’s body was in a state of engorgement. In one breath, he had excavated until he reached the ten Spirit springs stage. But the energy within his body was far too rich and abundant, making even his body seem somewhat swollen.

“First, I need to think of a method to absorb and digest the leftover yuan qi energy!”

Ye Qingyu could only think of one method after mulling it over. It was still to raise his level yet again. He began excavating the eleventh Spirit spring. On one hand it would expend yuan qi energy, and on the other hand it would expand the limits of how much yuan qi he could store. Only by expanding and expending at the same time could he completely digest the leftover yuan qi energy.

“I estimate I should be the first person in history that is worrying about there being too much yuan qi in my body.”

Ye Qingyu laughed at himself.

Then, within this ice room, he began training.

With his current cultivation level, not eating for one or two months was not a problem.

Time quickly flashed by.

In the blink of an eye, a month had passed.

In this month of time, Ye Qingyu had always remained in a meditative stance, as if he had fossilized. There was an evident and visible yuan qi fluctuation around him, as if there was a rippling phosphorescent light sometimes there and sometimes not. His breathing was as thin as a thread, like a candle in the wind. As if his breath would extinguish at any moment, the entire situation was very bizarre.

His hair and eyebrows quickly grew back again.

The thick black hair had grown to his waist, flowing like a black waterfall behind his head. After entering into the Xiantian stage, the growth on his hair was very rapid.

Big Head was outside the formation. He had been guarding for an entire month.

At the beginning, he would stick out his tongue and pretend to be adorable, staring at Ye Qingyu. It was like a scene that he had finally reunited with his own parents and did not want to leave. But afterwards, when he saw that Ye Qingyu had not moved in the slightest, Big Head began to slumber.

Ever since devouring the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape], the sleep of this glutton became more and more frequent. It seemed as if he would not wake up from his sleep.

Ye Qingyu trained for an entire month.

Big Head slept for an entire month.

That day.

The Ye Qingyu that was within the formation suddenly opened his eyes.

His long thick black hair began floating.

There was a vortex of air swirling in the ice room, sucking in the dust and fragments of the icy layer.

The originally swollen figure in this instant, with a speed visible to the eye, began transforming.

In the blink of an eye, he had recovered his originally muscular and streamlined figure.

His flesh was healthy and masculine, with a sleek body. In the dim lighting of the ice cave there was a type of masculine beauty.

And at the same time, a surge of deep yuan qi fluctuated in the room. With Ye Qingyu at the center, it began to be released. A faint steam slowly emitted from the nose and mouth of Ye Qingyu as well as every pore on his body. Then fifteen yuan qi silver dragons rotated and swirled around Ye Qingyu, with form but no substance, as if it was an illusion. Roar after roar of divine dragons resounded in the ice cave.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 128:


Chapter 128 – Path in Heaven that You Didn’t Go

Fifteen yuan qi silver dragons.

Fifteen Spirit springs.

In the passing of a month, Ye Qingyu had excavated another five Spirit springs.

Such a speed could be said to have surpassed all others before and since.

Apart from the fact that Ye Qingyu’s natural talent was exceptional, cultivating in the nameless breathing technique had an absolutely essential effect. Apart from the path of cultivation being extremely simplified for Ye Qingyu, the key point was that this experience was far too bizarre. To be stuffed alive and refined within the [Cloud Top Cauldron] by the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] for nine days and nights and also receive the enhancement of the Spirit energy in the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid] and the Origin crystal…

Such a growth in power was slightly similar to aiding a sprout to grow by piling resources excessively.

Ye Qingyu was able to grow from the fourth Spirit spring stage to the fifteen Spirit spring in a single step. If this was made known, it was enough to make the entire Snow Country tremble.

The fifteen silver dragons screamed and snaked, coiling around the body of Ye Qingyu. The roars of the dragons continued on for a very long uninterrupted period of time.

Ye Qingyu’s arm swiped through the air.

The silver dragons howled and bellowed within the ice room, a powerful yuan qi surge that roiled out in all directions. A vast and deep power, with the ice room as the center, shot out in all directions through the icy corridors. It shook the icy layers, splashing ice everywhere and the earth shook and the mountain trembled.

“Hahaha…”

Ye Qingyu’s long laughter was really unbridled and unrestrained to the extreme.

The fifteen yuan qi silver dragons coiled in the air for a while, ultimately returning and charging back within Ye Qingyu’s body. Transforming into fifteen streams of inner yuan that flowed within his meridians and his body, it finally entered his dantian, and returned to the fifteen springs in his desert world.

A sensation of power that he had never experienced before shimmered around his body.

“This power compared to before is tens of times stronger, maybe even more. But this is like eating a big fatty in one bite. I also need to accumulate my foundation and to raise my mental state. Especially with regards to how to use this energy, I am not comparable to true experts of fifteen Springs. I need time to practice and adjust to this power.”

Ye Qingyu knew himself, that the growth in his cultivation was like a pavilion constructed in the air. It could not be truly utilized by himself as of yet.

“It’s time to leave from here!”

Ye Qingyu looked at the sleeping Big Head outside the formation, and approximated. He should have already entered into the underground ice cave for tens of days. The military of the country should have already noticed the abnormal change in the watch post and sent someone to investigate the truth. Right now, he should think of a method to communicate with Youyan Pass.

As he was about to break apart the formation, a change happened.

Abruptly, a loud laughter from far off in the distance, travelled through the icy corridors.

When Ye Qingyu heard this, his facial colour completely changed.

The next instant—

“Hahaha, little trash, I’ve finally found you.

The momentum of the coming person was ferocious.

The voice began hundreds of meters away, but by the time the last word was said, a silhouette like a bolt of lightning was already soaring from the left corridor. He landed ten meters off away from Ye Qingyu.

His long ashy grey hair fluttered in the air.

If it was not Liu Yuancheng, who else could it be?

This registrar of the city leader’s office in Deer City, had finally found him.

He pressed forward step by step, staring at Ye Qingyu fixedly. Coldly sneering. “Little scrap, I’ve already searched for you for tens of days. However, in the end you are discovered by me… this time, I’ll see just how you can escape!”

The killing intent was like a blade, shrouding the air.

Ye Qingyu looked at Liu Yuancheng. Praying and tightly clenching his last shred of luck, he asked, “Yan Fan and the others? What have you done with them?”

Liu Yuancheng lifted his head and roared with laughter to the skies, his expression covered with ridicule and mocking. “Yan Fan? Oh you’re talking about those lowly soldiers? Hahaha, of course I’ve slaughtered them all. Some of the soldiers were even shattered into meat paste by me. To go against me, then they deserve for their bones to be shattered into ashes.

Ye Qingyu’s figure quivered.

This was the news that he had not wanted to hear about the most.

“Hahahaha…” Liu Yuancheng madly cackled, venting the pleasure in his heart.

He had chased and searched for tens of days, finally finding Ye Qingyu. This time, he would absolutely not give any opportunity for this little trash to escape. He would definitely cruelly torture him and make him bitterly beg beside his leg. Only then could he avenge his two sons that had died.

Right now, it was only the beginning.

Looking at the sorrowful and tragic expression of Ye Qingyu, he already began to feel pleasure.

Opposite.

Ye Qingyu stabilized his figure, slowly lifting his head. In the back of his eyes, an endless fury appeared. The snowy white teeth struck out like the edge of a blade, saying each word carefully and slowly, “If it is like this, then old bastard, today I will bury you along with brother Yan and the others.”

Before he had finished.

Ye Qingyu’s body roared with wave after wave of the dragon’s cry, both his fists striking out. Fifteen yuan qi silver dragons bellowed.

The force of the fists, was as if it was a real physical object, attacking.

Liu Yuancheng was taken aback.

“[Seal of Obstruction]!”

His pupils constricted, releasing his strongest defensive battle technique.

The green inner yuan like a humongous gate, blocking in front of him. The wave of light emitted was clear and crystalline, as if it was a real object.

Boom!

The fist shattered the green humongous door.

Liu Yuancheng was blown backwards, landing on an ice wall far off.

He lowered his head in disbelief as he stared down at both of his hands. On the back of his arms, veins had surged out, the arteries clearly able to be seen. Like a sinister cobra that coiled around his arms, drip after drip of blood shed from his skin. The skin of his fingers had already broken…

The acute pain in his arms was as if it were chopped off.

“You…” Liu Yuancheng stared at Ye Qingyu in shock. “Your strength…”

Too careless.

He had never imagined that the strength of this trash would grow by so much. Under a state where he had taken no precautions, he was put at a disadvantage and suffered an injury.

Ye Qingyu did not even utter a word, his left hand swiping through space.

The [Little Shang sword] appeared in his hands.

The hum of the sword was like a dragon.

The autumn water light shone throughout the ice cave.

A terrifying killing intent like a real physical object. The sharp edge of the blade spread out towards the surroundings in all directions.

The surrounding air was as if it was constantly sliced apart by invisible blades. There were incessant waves of transparent air being sliced by the resulting turbulence.

“Spirit weapon?” The pupils of Liu Yuancheng constricted, the shock on his face even more concentrated. Then he nodded his head and coldly sneered in a moment. “Fine, it seems like you have hidden your strength. A good scheme and method. However, with just fifteen Spirit springs, to want to kill me, you are perhaps too unaware of your own strength…”

But before his words were finished, Liu Yuancheng felt his vision blurring.

“[Soul Stealing Heaven Strike!]”

Ye Qingyu held the sword with both his hands, the golden dense mist around the hilt was as if it was liquid, sputtering and flickering. Like a demon, it appeared in front of Liu Yuancheng in a flash. The [Little Shang sword] did not leave a trace at all. The autumn water brightness of the sword was resplendent, directly chopping down.

One of the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General].

“Arrogance!”

Liu Yuancheng roared, a green lightning sword appearing in his hands.

The sword blocked horizontally.

Ding!

Both swords collided, emitting a clear and crisp noise.

At this moment, Liu Yuancheng and Ye Qingyu were already close with no boundaries between them. Their eyes stared into each other.

Liu Yuancheng could see the icy chill in Ye Qingyu’s eyes.

Then he was able to feel a bizarre energy that followed along the green lightning sword and encroached into his body. At this moment, he was shocked to discover that the yuan qi in his body was fiercely frozen, with no fluctuation whatsoever. Even his body was somewhat stiff, as if he had lost control of it.

And at the same moment, Ye Qingyu’s sword sliced again.

“[Storm of Swords]!”

He still held the sword with both hands, his figure rotating, transforming into a stream of mad gust.

Countless silhouettes swept Heaven and Earth.

Liu Yuancheng was still controlled by that strange energy, with no way to activate his inner yuan. He could only stare fixedly as blade after blade of the [Storm of Swords] cut into his body.

When the acute pain came, Liu Yuancheng bellowed in rage. A breath later, the yuan qi inside his body had finally recovered to normality. His twenty Spirit springs power soared out, enveloping his entire body and transforming into a yuan qi armour that blocked the [Storm of Swords]. And at the same moment, he could finally strike out with his sword in attack.

The green lightning sword flickered, like a long streak of red that pierced past the [Storm of Swords].

ChiChiChi!

Jet after jet of blood shot out from the front of Ye Qingyu’s chest.

His entire person was knocked away by the sword qi.

But within the air, Ye Qingyu let out a long roar of laughter. “Hahaha, old bastard. Your retribution has arrived. Die for me… [Judgement of the Sword]!”

As the voice sounded, Ye Qingyu landed on the floor and slid five or six meters back. He knelt on the floor with one leg.

The [Little Shang sword] in his hands had already pierced down into the ice layer below.

A strange golden mist, like a liquid, constantly emitted from the sword hilt of Ye Qingyu’s sword.

A bizarre killing intent fermented in the air.

Liu Yuancheng was covered in blood. In the areas of his waist and chest, it was unknown just how many times the sword had sliced him. Pearly white bone was exposed, and vague inner organs could be seen. The injuries he had sustained was not light. But he was an expert of twenty Spirit springs, his life force was strong. Such an injury could not be counted as life threatening.

“Haha, you…” Liu Yuancheng had only just opened his mouth when his facial expression abruptly changed.

He originally wanted to say that even after using all your hidden cards you have no way to kill me. But once the first word was say, he could sense an apocalyptic killing intent that arrived down from the air. Lifting his head, in his line of sight, he could see a ray of sword star that descended from the Heavens, chopping down.

It was a golden divine sword, as if a divine spirit had appeared. Without sign or sound, it could wrest fortune from Heaven and Earth itself, extinguishing and killing all as it arrived.

Liu Yuancheng could not react or dodge at all. In the time of a breath, this gold divine sword, had already pierced through his body.

Boom!

The icy cave shuddered as if it was struck by a meteor.

The layers of the ice fragments shuddered, as if it was a field made from soil and dust.

Ye Qingyu still knelt on the floor with one leg, panting roughly with large breaths.

In a flash.

The ice and dust dispersed, settling down.

Blood was everywhere on Liu Yuancheng. He was standing straight in his original place. His eyes were blank and the sword in his hands had already disappeared.

“A… very terrifying… battle technique… you… I…” He opened his mouth, and the blood was like a spring. His aura became weaker and weaker, his figure wobbling and shaking. “This… is Heaven’s will. I would really… hehe…”

Ye Qingyu struck out like lightning, the icy layer under his feet exploding. His figure like electricity, the sword in his hands beheaded Liu Yuancheng.

The head of Liu Yuancheng flew through the air.

“You still have so many useless words before dying.” Ye Qingyu fixed his figure, retrieving his sword and standing straight.

There was a path to Heaven but you didn’t go. Hell had no gates but you conversely trespassed*.

Ye Qingyu had originally first planned to go to Youyan Pass, then slowly settle his debts with Liu Yuancheng and avenge Yan Fan and the others later. He did not think that Liu Yuancheng would still be chasing him, not letting him go. He did not calculate that Ye Qingyu’s strength would grow so quickly, taking no precautions whatsoever. Ye Qingyu gained the initiative with the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General], and under the consecutive moves, Liu Yuancheng’s figure perished and his cultivation disappeared.

*Idiom describing people taking the harder option despite their being a easier option.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

