Chapter 881:


Chapter 898 - Return to Heaven Connect City


All sorts of rumors swirled everywhere and gained momentum, as though pandemonium was about to break out throughout the Road of Chaos.

As the barometer of the Vast Thousand Domains, any major incident occurring in the nineteen cities along the Road of Chaos, or any incident that major forces in the major cities took note of, would also be the incident that the entire Vast Thousand Domains would be interested in for a long period of time. Furthermore, even without those forces with ulterior motives spreading this news, the death of a Quasi-emperor was enough to shake the entire Vast Thousand Domains. Since this news was preceded by the fact that he had been killed by a younger-generation martial artist from a lower domain, this would only intensify the shock value of the news.

Moreover, this younger-generation martial artist who had allegedly assassinated the half-step to a Quasi-emperor had already caused such a stir on the Road of Chaos before.

Thus, this news had spread like wildfire in less than half a day.

The [Ice Sword Killing God], Ye Qingyu, who had barely managed to fall off the list of hot topics, was once again pushed to the forefront of the storm to become the person that everyone was talking about.

Every living creature, regardless of race, was all excitedly talking about Ye Qingyu. They spoke of how he had assassinated the retired emperor of the Dragon Human Race, marveled at his incredible feats at the battle of Falcon City, as well as his heaven-defying performance during the series of battles during the grading process of the Heaven Wasteland Domain—they even spoke of his battles and rise to fame in the Heaven Wasteland Domain. After the Heaven Wasteland Domain passed the grading process, many major tradesmen and financial groups set up branches within the Heaven Wasteland Domain, and the door to the domain was slowly being opened. More information flowed out from the Heaven Wasteland Domain—in particular, news about Ye Qingyu's various miraculous feats—and he was no longer an unfamiliar and unknown character to the public.

The latest news and rumors about Ye Qingyu increased in number and spread further and faster, which left everyone stunned and astonished.

Ye Qingyu became the most spoken name by all races and creatures along the entire Road of Chaos during this period.

Ye Qingyu had also heard the many rumors and facts about himself. This information varied from real to fake, and there was even irrelevant information, which left him feeling dumbfounded.

He passed by many major cities along the Road of Chaos on his journey and heard the endless stream of unfounded rumors and gossip.

The speed at which these rumors traveled as well as the malicious gossip that completely deviated from the truth reinforced his suspicion that this was definitely an orchestrated move by a force. After he left the Black Demon Abyss, this force had secretly fanned the flames and aggravated the situation. He had been expecting this but when he witnessed how quickly this "camp" acted, he could not hold back his shock.

Time flew by.

Soon after, it was already nightfall.

Half a day had gone by since he fled from the Black Demon Abyss.

He traveled at his maximum speed to arrive in Heaven Connect City.

The gossip that swirled around him intensified, and the public opinion was gradually swinging against him. This was an outcome that he had been concerned about—several ancient and rather famous forces and sects started to openly condemn his actions and called for him to be brought to justice. They had even jointly released a statement urging the Congress of the Alliance of Domains to severely punish him as a warning to others.

"Someone as evil as him should be killed!"

"Peace has reigned over the Road of Chaos for so many years. But since the arrival of this vile creature, this place has been turned upside-down and he has caused so much bloodshed... He cannot be forgiven."

"It was a crime for him to covet an ancestral weapon of the Dragon Human Race in the first place. This [Ice Sword Killing Demon] didn't only not repent for his actions, he went from bad to worse. The poor elderly retired emperor of the Dragon Human Race tried to give this murderous demon a chance but his good faith was not reciprocated; instead, he was assassinated. How abominable!"

"He must definitely be killed. The Alliance of Domains must issue an order for his arrest."

"Why do they need to issue an order for his arrest? Humph, anyone should have the right to kill such a vile creature!"

"No wonder someone mentioned in the past that the Heaven Wasteland Domain was a vile and evil domain. If such a vile demon who kills indiscriminately hails from that place, I guess the rest of the domain is no better..."

These rumors were not important but what was crucial lay in the fact that once the rumors intensified to a certain stage, the outcome would be decided by these rumors.

Ye Qingyu was well aware of that fact and obviously, the so-called "camp" was even more aware of that; this was why they had put in so much effort to use all sorts of means to spread these rumors. This was the outcome they were aiming for.

Fortunately, there was no lack of intelligent people who possessed the ability to think independently in this world.

Many experts and forces maintained their silence and continued to keep track of the situation. In particular, many major old forces had their own information and intelligence sources and they looked under the surface to see the truth behind all the public sentiment and swirling rumors. Most importantly, although Ye Qingyu seemed to have already been crucified by the public and was considered a lowlife detested by everyone, not one of the forces that supported him had yet to release a statement. Their influence could not be ignored.

Another extremely important fact that no one could also forget was that a Human Quasi-emperor supported Ye Qingyu.

His body also contained [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] decree.

This was the most frightening part.

No one dared to challenge the Quasi-emperor's will, especially someone like [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], who had once dominated an entire generation. He had also managed to subdue the entire Vast Thousand Domains after staging a strong comeback. If such a person remained steadfast in his support for Ye Qingyu, then no matter how enraged the Dragon Human Race was, they would have to rein in their rage and resentment.

The crux of the matter was that these forces were very doubtful that Ye Qingyu had the ability to assassinate the retired emperor. The leaders of these forces, who knew the prowess of the retired emperor of the Dragon Human Race, knew for a fact that this old Dragon Human was extremely terrifying and that he definitely had not weakened with age to fall from a half-step Quasi-emperor to the Great Saint realm, as the unfounded rumors had suggested.

Regardless of the situation, the role of secret forces aggravating the flames that caused these treacherous currents to swept through the entire Road of Chaos and even the Vast Thousand Domains could not be ignored.

Ye Qingyu, who was closely watched by countless people and who was the heart of this storm, remained extremely calm throughout. He heard about the rumors and read the papers and notices condemning him, but laughed them off with a smile.

Several people even discovered that he was in Heaven Connect City, and as countless people watched, he openly returned to the representative station of the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Thus, news of his return spread everywhere.

Ye Qingyu had appeared.

Did he truly dare to make an appearance?!

Many people thought that he had to be a lunatic. Despite the public condemnation and denunciation, this young Human Race martial artist dared to appear so publicly...
What could he be thinking? Who exactly is supporting him?

All of Heaven Connect City burst into an uproar.

Countless living creatures rushed toward the Heaven Wasteland representative station in disbelief, wanting to see how Ye Qingyu looked right now.

In the Heaven Wasteland representative station—

Ye Qingyu sat with Great Dragon Turtle Demon and several core members of the representative station in the main hall on the first floor as they laughed and chatted in good spirits.

When they had first heard the rumors, Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others were extremely alarmed because it was a major issue. If this was not handled well, the representative station, and even the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, could potentially face destruction. However, everyone had complete faith in Ye Qingyu and although they made preparations for the worst, none of them blamed him at all.

Great Dragon Turtle Demon was naturally elated when Ye Qingyu returned.

When they saw that he was unharmed and noticed his relaxed attitude, their worries and suspicions were alleviated.

When Ye Qingyu summoned everyone at the representative station to announce that he had not committed such an act, everyone believed his words without a second thought.

Ye Qingyu had deliberately arranged for them to be seen talking on the first floor and in the main hall that faced the main gate. He wanted the crowd to be able to see him from the main gate and he was not going to act like he was frightened and terrified, but rather, he wanted to present an easygoing and relaxed Ye Qingyu to the crowd.

Regardless of what would happen next, Ye Qingyu had to first make sure that he did not seem like he was guilty at all.

His attitude would be useful for his comeback in the future.

At the same time, he wanted to soothe the worries of everyone in the Heaven Wasteland Domain and its representative station.

He was well aware that in situations like this, he would first need to remain calm. If those in the Heaven Wasteland Domain panicked, those malicious characters would definitely make use of their alarm to cause trouble, or even create turmoil within the peaceful Heaven Wasteland Domain empire.

Thirty minutes later—

Just as he expected, a crowd quickly gathered outside the Heaven Wasteland Domain's representative station.

"I can't believe Ye Qingyu has the guts to appear so openly in Heaven Connect City..."

"Hehe... He clearly has a reason to be so gutsy. The Congress of the Alliance of Domains has not sent anyone to come after him. We can't be sure what the final outcome of this incident will be."

"It is odd that there has been no action from both the Congress of the Alliance of Domains, as well as the Dragon Human Race. Are they really not going to pursue this matter of the assassination of the retired emperor?"

"I doubt that's so. But I heard that there has been some unrest within the Dragon Human Race recently..."

Everyone chattered excitedly, unable to figure out why Ye Qingyu could still remain so calm and unaffected in such a situation. A seed of doubt was planted in their minds.

This was what Ye Qingyu had been counting on.

Another two hours later—

After Ye Qingyu left the Heaven Wasteland Building, he headed to the congress divine temple of the Alliance of Domains and requested to see Ren Puyang, the spokesperson of the Human Race.

Ye Qingyu had received orders from Ren Puyang to settle the matter of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, so he did not need to wait in the side palace hall like the others but could be brought by the portal guards into the main hall.

...

At Ren Puyang's meeting hall—

"Lord Ren Puyang, I have already settled the matter of internal unrest within the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. This is the jade slip that contains a detailed report of the matter for your review please," Ye Qingyu said respectfully and then handed the jade slip that he had prepared beforehand.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 882:


Chapter 899 - Code Name [Wildcard]


Ren Puyang roughly understood after he finished studying it, and said with a rather somber face, "To think that something like that actually happened in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. A Black Snake Demon? I've never heard of a being that can devour the life of a domain..."

Nodding, Ye Qingyu unstingily took out the sealed Black Snake Demon. Upon seeing the spinning, fist-sized blood pill which was emanating a faint evil aura, Ren Puyang's countenance changed dramatically and he seemed to have thought of something in association. As he continued to observe it, he said, "This thing... is rather strange, and reminds me of some unpleasant things. Will you allow me to take it for study so as to confirm my thoughts?"

Ye Qingyu nodded, "Certainly."

The sealed blood balls served as a piece of evidence for the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain's party and were reasonably meant to be turned in to the Alliance of Domains. After all, Ye Qingyu was representing Ren Puyang and the Alliance of Domains in conducting this operation, and these spoils thus did not belong to him.

With great earnestness, Ren Puyang doubly sealed the sealed blood ball into a jade box and kept it.

However, he did not ask about the other puppet bloodworms.

This was a rare and valuable resource which could be refined into doppelgangers and puppets, akin to the core resource used for the Alliance of Domains’ refinement of black-golden copper battle puppets. It was out of a little selfishness that Ren Puyang decided to let Ye Qingyu keep this resource.

The latter certainly knew this full well.

After reading through the contents recorded in the jade slip, Ren Puyang nodded and said, "Yes, it's not a bad choice to allow the humans of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain to migrate to the Heaven Wasteland Domain. This would also apply to any domain. Because both domains are human ones, this matter is an internal affair of the Human Race and doesn't need to go through the Alliance. You can thus do it without any worries."

"Thank you so much, Mr. Ren Puyang." Ye Qingyu stood up and saluted.

Ren Puyang's words also served as a small reminder to Ye Qingyu that the Heaven Wasteland Domain's accession to the Alliance of Domains meant that it came under the control of the latter, and thus that he had been quick to assume that he had the power to offer migration to the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, when, reasonably speaking, he should have obtained the review and approval of the Alliance first. Fortunately, as Ren Puyang said, both domains were human ones, and so Ren Puyang himself could make a decision on this matter without it being a mistake.

However, Ye Qingyu knew that he had to be a little more careful in future considerations in order to prevent others from getting something on him.

Following an exchange on other trivial matters concerning the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, Ren Puyang assigned this matter to his staff officer to handle.

After the staff officer took the dossier away to sort out, the room became quiet again, with only Ren Puyang and Ye Qingyu left in it.

The conversation topic finally returned to the matter that had been spreading most rampantly in recent days.

"I've heard news from the Black Demon Abyss that you, child... killed the left assistant minister of the Dragonblood Dynasty, Xu Yun'ao, and the front court supervisor of the Purple Golden Divine Office, Huang Tayun, is that really so?" Ren Puyang drank a mouthful of tea from a white jade teacup on the table before looking at Ye Qingyu with a faint smile. "Tell me, what happened?"

Being one of the core higher-ups of the congress divine temple, the news he obtained was certainly more than just that Ye Qingyu had killed two not-too-important figures from foreign races. However, by making his point this way, he was expressing his doubt toward the notion that Ye Qingyu had assassinated the old emperor.

Standing to one side, Ye Qingyu felt a lot easier when he heard Ren Puyang asking in this manner. Grinning and nodding, he said, "That malicious and greedy old Dragon Human Race elder is called Xu Yun'ao, right? He's the left assistant minister of the Dragonblood Dynasty? Hoho, I've actually killed a few degenerates of the Dragon Human Race."

"Your murderous spirit is a little strong." Ren Puyang shook his head helplessly, albeit his tone did not sound like one of blame.

Ye Qingyu defended himself adamantly, "In order to bait out the mastermind from behind the scenes, one or two pawns always have to be killed first. Otherwise, they might really believe that I'm easy to bully... Still, I didn't kill Huang Tayun and am only holding him captive temporarily, seeing as he remains in title one of the front court supervisors of the City Lord's office in Sunrise City. However, given his complicated status and many implications, I feel it unwise to hand him over to the Sunrise City for now."

"Hmm, it's fortunate that a lunatic like you would actually be so sensible when doing things." Smiling and nodding, Ren Puyang did not disguise his approval of Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu grinned shamelessly and accepted the praise without the least bit of modesty. "That goes without saying. I'm also holding the Third Princess of the Dragon Human Race captive. She should serve as an important witness, for I feel that she probably knows a thing or two. Aside from that, I've also brought the body of the old emperor along."

"Hmm, it's kind of heaven-defying enough of you to be able to avoid being captured and still obtain these pieces of evidence under those circumstances... No wonder your code name among several forces is [Wildcard], hoho... Alright, let's not talk about this anymore. You can leave Huang Tayun and the Third Princess with me, and I'll get people to sort them out and make them talk... Speaking of which, I'd like to ask, is the old emperor really dead?" Ren Puyang's expression appeared rather more somber when he raised this question.

Ye Qingyu could not help sighing upon hearing this question.

A tinge of regret and bewilderment flashed across his eyes, "He indeed appears to be as dead as a doornail, but strangely enough, who else but a Quasi-emperor could've killed him? Even if he really died, he probably wouldn't have gone so quietly and would most likely have been fighting a large battle. And he certainly shouldn't have fallen into someone's hands and become a tool in a trap they set. This manner of death is way too humiliating..."

"This is also what I can't get my mind around. Save for a Quasi-emperor, nobody is his match. Being the saintly master of a dynasty, his personal cultivation and the forces at his disposal are first-rate among the current age, and so he shouldn't have died so quietly. There are only two possible reasons for this situation, first being that a Quasi-emperor-level being has killed him with a lightning-speed surprise attack, while the second..."

"The second is that internal strife within the Dragon Human Race has led to him being plotted against by an insider, who still would've needed powerful cultivation and lofty status to have done this." Ye Qingyu carried on Ren Puyang's words by adding the second possibility.

"That's indeed so. It appears that you've thought things through clearly." Ren Puyang nodded and continued after a brief pause. "You don't have to think any more about this matter. The Alliance of Domains will be conducting investigations. I promise that you won't be troubled and implicated by the higher-ups of the Alliance of Domains before real results have been derived. So, don't worry."

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu stood up and saluted, "Thank you, Mr. Ren Puyang."

Ren Puyang smiled and accepted the salute respectfully.

During all these years which he had spent wearing himself out and sparing no pains in handling the affairs of the Human Race from his office in Heaven Connect City, he had seen countless outstanding and talented humans, many of whose cultivations, origins, talents, and techniques were superior to those of Ye Qingyu. However, for some reason, he thought particularly highly of this youth from the Heaven Wasteland Domain. Although the latter had gotten in trouble and taken risks time after time, such that he often seemed no different from a reckless lunatic, Ren Puyang felt that he was the kind of junior whom he himself had always wanted to promote.

Most likely, Ye Qingyu did not know that Ren Puyang had thought so much about him and paid such a high price on his behalf that many fat cats among the Human Race had become a little discontent and critical. There was even an ongoing rumor within the small circle of the highest echelon that Ye Qingyu was Ren Puyang's love child.

Ren Puyang had not sought to justify this much.

He had a clear conscience.

Ye Qingyu sat back down and once more recounted the events on the isolated peak, particularly elaborating on the strange transformation of the [Dragonblood Halberd] before saying, "At present, there is completely no yuan qi movement anywhere on the old emperor's body, and neither can his cultivation level be seen. If it wasn't for my careful preservation, his body would've already begun to rot... Incredibly enough, it's almost like he's just a normal person."

He had felt somewhat doubtful about this point all along.

After the death of a Heaven Ascension realm expert, their bodily yuan qi and aura would usually last for several decades or centuries. It thus seemed impossible that the body of a pinnacle Great Saint expert would become like that of a normal person within such a short time. If this was not caused by the strange transformation of the [Dragonblood Halberd], then it probably had something to do with the nature of the old emperor's death, which could have been due to some peculiar sort of technique.

"Hmm." Ren Puyang appeared to be thinking of something, with his expression restrained and his eye beams somewhat complicated.

"By the way, aside from all this, I have a few things to give you all at once." As if remembering something, Ye Qingyu's expression became a little serious. "Earlier on, when the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps was surprise attacked, I seized two Black Moon Immortal Palace warships which may serve as crime evidence. There are a few things in these warships which you'll certainly understand when you've seen them."

Without any further hesitation, he took out the warships of the Dragon Human Race Third Princess and the Black Moon Immortal Palace, together with the sealed letters and the hundreds of half-dead, feeble-breathed Black Moon Immortal Palace disciples who were tied up on the deck, and transferred them all to Ren Puyang's storage space.

For any expert at the Saint realm or above, transferring these massive things took only a moment.

Ren Puyang laughed, "Child, the fact that you took these things out only today shows that you only started to have real trust in me today. Haha, let me see what's inside..." With that, he sank his divine consciousness into his storage space and took out a few of the letters. His expression turned grave upon skimming through them, and after a brief consideration, he said, "This is a matter of great importance. I must report it to the Alliance of Domains’ congress as soon as possible."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 883:


Chapter 900 - Fermentation of the Matter


Ye Qingyu nodded.

He had expected Ren Puyang's reaction and verbal response.

Having gone through this series of matters, he had already gained a vague sense of the intricacies inherent within them, and knew that what he had seen was only the tip of the iceberg. Allowing Ren Puyang, who definitely had a clearer sense of the actual situation, to handle them was much better than trying to figure them out alone. This was a better choice not just for himself but also for the entire Human Race and even the Vast Thousand Domains.

This was because the implicated parties were far from confined to only the Black Moon Immortal Palace and the Four Stars Sect. The so-called [Camp] was a big tree with deep roots, metaphorically speaking, and to completely excise this tumor was not something which Ren Puyang or just one race was able to accomplish on their own.

At present, the room became somewhat silent.

Ren Puyang's expression became grimmer as he read those letters and looked at the things discovered in the Black Moon Immortal Palace warships.

Ye Qingyu quietly waited.

The atmosphere in the room only became slightly milder when Ren Puyang had roughly looked through everything and stopped.

"How will the issue of the Black Moon Immortal Palace's surprise attack on the envoy mission of a domain ultimately be handled?" After some thinking, Ye Qingyu changed the topic and asked.

By now, Ren Puyang's expression had already returned to normal.

He glanced at Ye Qingyu and sighed before he slowly stood up from the carved mahogany armchair and walked over to the lapis floor-reaching window. With his back facing Ye Qingyu, he said with some regret, "Regarding this issue... I'm still unable to give you a proper answer. The congress still hasn't reached a final verdict, for there's a huge debate even among the Human Race, and so it'll take some more time and may even disappoint you. After all, the Black Moon Immortal Palace is also a Human Sect and has a deep culture."

Ye Qingyu gently nodded his head.

This reply was what he had anticipated.

But it did not affect the plans he had already made.

He would investigate the Black Moon Immortal Palace to the end whether or not the people of the Alliance's congress were able to handle this issue impartially.

"If that's the case, then I shall take my leave first." Ye Qingyu stood up and bade farewell.

It was rare enough for Ren Puyang, who had countless public affairs to attend to, to spare so much time to meet him. Having said what he had to, for him to sit down again would be a waste of the former's time.

In front of the lapis window, Ren Puyang nodded and turned around to bid farewell.

Ye Qingyu suddenly remembered something just before stepping out the door. Pausing his footsteps, he looked at Ren Puyang and asked, "Mr. Ren Puyang, how will the two warships of the Black Moon Immortal Palace eventually be disposed of?"

Ren Puyang was caught in a daze for a moment but quickly understood what Ye Qingyu meant and guffawed. "Hahahaha... what's the matter? Is it that you want these warships?"

"That goes without saying. These are my spoils of victory," Chuckling, Ye Qingyu openly confessed. "Besides, the Alliance won't have any need for them, right? After they have been verified, they'll have served their function and can be handed to the Heaven Wasteland Domain, eh?"

When their formations were fully activated, the two warships, especially the flagship, possessed sufficient artillery firepower to collapse a giant city in a mere instant. This sort of battle power would indubitably boost the self-defense of any domain immensely. Given the Heaven Wasteland Domain's current strength, it would take them several hundred years, not to mention tremendous resources and unimaginable manpower, to be able to create warships of this grade. Therefore, for a new domain like them to be able to obtain these two warships directly would essentially raise their defensive capabilities to a whole new level.

"Hahaha, child, don't let my praise get to your head... I can directly make a decision on this matter. You may have the warships... However, for the month ahead, you are not to leave Heaven Connect City and shall remain in the Heaven Wasteland Building. There'll surely be a few things which the Alliance's congress will have to ask you about. After the issue of the Black Moon Immortal Palace has been settled, I'll send men to efface the formations on, refine, and modify the warships before handing them back to you. Don't thank me for this, just treat it as your reward for the errand you ran for me." Ren Puyang shook his head and laughed, feeling a little helpless about Ye Qingyu's thick skin.

Overjoyed, Ye Qingyu hurriedly expressed his gratitude, before nodding and agreeing to Ren Puyang's request. He then gave a salute and turned to depart.

...

...

That night.

In the Heaven Wasteland Building.

Ye Qingyu was self-isolating in a quiet room on the fifth floor.

Ever since stepping on to the martial path, it had been a habit of Ye Qingyu to self-isolate as soon as possible after a large battle to sum up his gains and losses from it. He had many miraculous encounters in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, while the battle on the isolated peak was more so the first time he had fought against Saints and Great Saints. Although the battle only lasted for a moment's time, he gained a lot from it nevertheless.

He sat cross-legged on the floor with an empty mind, continually visualizing the scene of and reenacting the battle, to see if he could have defeated the five Great Saints even faster and better than he did. He even imagined being unable to escape from the array and thus having to fight face-to-face against Zhong Yuan, who was holding the [Green Wind Black Moon] Great Saint weapon.

Time flew by.

Beads of sweat seeped from his forehead and temples.

After a full two hours, he opened his eyes abruptly.

During this moment, a divine sword light seemed to flicker in his eyes. It took a long while before it finally abated and his eyes returned to normal.

"Had I been trapped within the array and was forced to fight against Zhong Yuan, it would've been a fifty-fifty battle. After all, him being a Great Saint expert who wields a Great Saint weapon, I would've needed to summon the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and use the mural ancestors in order to match him. But if more Great Saints were to assist him in the fight, I would've lost without question. With the cauldron around, I'd remain trapped in there, albeit my life wouldn't be threatened..."

This was the final conclusion he derived.

He was not too happy with it.

Because, this implied that his optimal battle strength at present was at the middle stage of the Great Saint realm. Against Zhong Yuan, who was not considered the most powerful expert of the Great Saint realm, this kind of battle strength would have comfortably allowed him to protect himself. However, it was far from sufficient for him to settle accounts with and take revenge on the Black Moon Immortal Palace, which certainly had more Great Saints than just Zhong Yuan alone.

"I have to continue cultivating and working hard."

He closed his eyes back up.

Instead of continuing to restore his yuan qi, he began to introspect his martial way once more.

By now, he had obtained a more than diverse range of battle techniques from the bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. However, he knew very well that it was the three major sword mantras of the [War God Sword Mantras], namely Human King, Divine Emperor, and Commoner, which could truly increase his might without end.

The more one comprehended these three mantras, the more frightening their might would become, such that Ye Qingyu felt them to be even more powerful than the Fiendgod battle techniques in the [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. Having already completely grasped the [Human King Sword Mantra], his sword will could shoot forth like irresistible threads of web, as he had used in earlier battles. However, based on his introspection, the [Human King Sword Mantra] was only the basic one among the three. Though invincible against enemies below the Great Saint realm, it was not good enough against those at or above said realm.

"I must comprehend the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra] if I am to confront Great Saint realm experts. The ancient records say that a small attainment of the Divine Emperor sword will would allow me to mentally summon forth an invisible sword will which takes only a moment to kill deities and demons..."

He racked his brains.

Aside from the three major sword mantras, he needed to further uncover the potential of and optimize his advantages, such as his physical strength, the bright-yellow divine weapon, and the various devices kept in the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

A night's time went by in a flash as he introspected and thought hard.

On the second day, he continued to self-isolate after conversing and arranging a few matters with the Great Dragon Turtle Demon. He needed to comprehend the mysteries of the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra] and the mural ancestors in the [Cloud Top Cauldron], for they would serve as his means of self-defense for a long time to come.

Time flew by rapidly.

Ten days went by just like that.

On the eleventh day, a white-robed divine guard came to invite Ye Qingyu to the Alliance of Domains to answer a few questions. As such, Ye Qingyu soon stepped once more onto the Saint Hearing Platform and responded to inquiries from various parties. However, unlike the last time, he did not know which forces were asking these questions, to which he only provided a few brief and general responses.

The process nevertheless went considerably smoothly, and he did not come across any deliberately challenging questions.

After this, Ren Puyang did not seek a one-to-one meeting with him again.

He returned to the Heaven Wasteland Building, where he continued to self-isolate and cultivate.

During the following month.

Apart from contact with the Great Dragon Turtle Demon, who managed all affairs in the Heaven Waste Buildiong, and signs of visits by several dozen experts, Ye Qingyu lived mostly in seclusion and seemed as though he had disappeared once more. Even those forces and experts who watched  from nearby did not detect any aura related to him.

As the Alliance of Domains had no new cases they needed to inquire him about, he did not show himself again.

It was as if he completely disappeared from the public eye.

As a result, all kinds of rumors regarding the whereabouts of the [Ice Sword Killing God] emerged in Heaven Connect City.

In line with his known movements from earlier, there were various rumors that he had been arrested by the Alliance of Domains and was awaiting trial, that he had absconded to another domain, and even that he had hidden into the Black Demon Abyss to elude the pursuit by the Dragonblood Dynasty.

No matter what the version was, each rumor sounded like it was well-founded on evidence, as if Ye Qingyu's whereabouts had really been seen but could not be proved.

In any case, the discussions only grew even more intense with Ye Qingyu's disappearance. As all kinds of rumors swirled, fact and fiction became hard to distinguish and the accounts became increasingly outrageous, one even claiming that Ye Qingyu had been secretly sent to the Dragon Human Domain to be executed...

At this time, there finally arrived a considerable amount of news and updates from the Dragon Human Race.

According to them, Ye Qingyu had incurred the wrath of the Dragonblood Dynasty by refusing to return the [Dragonblood Halberd], assassinating the old emperor and the left assistant minister, and capturing the Third Princess. As the matter continued to ferment, the dynasty's royalty was eventually led to declare their stand on it, and even the incumbent emperor directly threatened to make the Heaven Wasteland Domain pay a terrible price.

This implied that the dynasty was preparing to officially declare war on the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 884:


Chapter 901 - Two Rewards


As an ancient race with a long history and deep culture, and one which had inherited the precious dragon blood of the ancient Divine Dragons, the Dragon Human Race had all along held an honorable status like no other among the myriad domains, such that even the most powerful domains and forces had to be polite to them. Whether or not the things which Ye Qingyu was alleged to have done were true or not, they had been spread throughout the Vast Thousand Domains and caused the Dragon Human Race humiliation not suffered for millions of years, and were nearly equivalent to having plucked the hair of and pissed all over the race.

Therefore, the Dragon Human Race’s response was deemed reasonable by many.

Then again, it was actually not so easy for a domain to declare war on another, especially one which had just passed their domain grading and been recognized as an independent domain by the Alliance. The impact of such inter-domain wars was way too widespread for the Alliance to sit by and do nothing, for there was no telling when a war would end once it broke out.

Everything hinged on two factors.

First, the will of the Dragon Human Race.

Second, the attitude of the Alliance of Domains.

Both factors were crucial.

Furthermore, it was highly apparent that the Dragon Human Race had failed to reach a proper agreement with the Alliance of Domains during this period of time, and so a real war had yet to transpire despite the tough talk of the incumbent emperor. Although their army was indeed assembling, they had not actually set off on an expedition.

As for the higher-ups of the Alliance of Domains, their position was as ambiguous as always. In fact, they had never made clear their position. Although a few opinions which went against the Heaven Wasteland Domain had slowly begun to spread in Heaven Connect City and were subsequently diffused to other giant cities by those with malintent, they were nevertheless just rumors and were unlikely to have a decisive effect.

To sum up, the situation of the Heaven Wasteland Domain had become a little delicate.

Or rather, the situation of the entire Road of Chaos had become a little delicate.

The situation was so confusing to the eye that only its instigators and players could possibly see through the layers of dense fog.

It was certainly far from good for the Heaven Wasteland Domain. The most direct effect was that many forces and chambers of commerce which had collaborations with them now became vague in attitude, as if looking on and waiting for something.

A new round of storms and whirlpools seemed to be gradually forming on the Road of Chaos.

...

Time flew by.

A month went by in a twinkling.

In Ren Puyang's meeting room.

Ye Qingyu was standing beside the transparent lapis floor-reaching window as he peered out at the Saint Hearing Platform below, somewhat lost in thought.

Half an hour ago, Xiao Lin, the white-robed divine guard, turned up at the Heaven Wasteland Building and brought him here under orders from Mr. Ren Puyang, who was currently engaged in some business and thus made him wait here patiently.

In reality, there were no more than two handfuls of people who were qualified enough to wait in this room, if ever one needed an indication of Ye Qingyu's place in Ren Puyang's mind.

Ye Qingyu knew this very well.

He knew even more clearly that the fact that Ren Puyang had invited him today meant that there, more or less, was a definite outcome to all the disputes of the past month.

Soon...

"Sorry to keep you waiting."

A deep and slightly-stately voice was heard.

Ye Qingyu turned his body and saw Ren Puyang walking out of the silver-colored portal.

"Mr. Ren Puyang, is there a conclusion to the matter?" Smiling, he got straight to the point as soon as he walked up to the latter.

The latter nodded but did not offer a verbal reply at once. He returned to his seat, drank a mouthful of tea, and heaved a long sigh of relief before he leaned back in an extremely relaxed manner and mocked Ye Qingyu, saying, "Why, getting excited already? Haha, you must be feeling impatient."

Ye Qingyu wanted to roll his eyes when he heard this.

But instead, he admitted, "That's right. The Heaven Wasteland Domain will become public enemy number one if there still isn't a conclusion."

Ren Puyang guffawed for some time before he slowly said, "After discussing for a long time, the Alliance's congress has finally made some progress. Debate regarding the Dragonblood Dynasty old emperor's death is still ongoing and is unlikely to reach a conclusion any time soon. The evidence you provided is now being examined by the masters in this area, while at the same time, the congress will dispatch envoys to investigate this matter. You should be aware that this matter will have great collateral implications and has become a power struggle among various parties. Therefore, for the time being, it will be argued back and forth and probably won't reach any conclusion... But you can rest assured that the Dragonblood Dynasty won't initiate a war against the Heaven Wasteland Domain because of this matter before the investigation results are out."

Ye Qingyu felt relieved after hearing all this.

As they say, war inevitably plunges people into misery and suffering, and those who get the worst of it are always the weak who cannot protect themselves. Whether it was the Heaven Wasteland people or the common folk of the Dragonblood Dynasty, nobody was willing to be affected by the scourge of war.

Moreover, the Heaven Wasteland Domain had only just been graded successfully and opened a new Domain Gate. This was the initial stage of the prosperity of business. If affected by war, everything would be set back a hundred years or more, and the losses would be too much.

To Ye Qingyu and the Heaven Wasteland Domain, the best way for the Alliance to handle this matter was unquestionably to prevent this war from happening, either by suppressing the Dragonblood Dynasty for the time being or delaying things as much as possible.

After leaning back relaxedly for a while, Ren Puyang stood up and returned to beside the table.

He casually picked up a bright-yellow silk manuscript and glanced through it before placing it back down and turning his head toward Ye Qingyu, saying, "I have a message which should be good news for you. According to it, there seems to have arisen some problems among the inner ranks of the Dragonblood Dynasty. Their situation isn't very stable and divisions have emerged."

Divisions among the inner ranks of the Dragonblood Dynasty?

Ye Qingyu's eyes lit up.

This was indeed good news.

These divisions would mean that the Dragon Human Race had not completely fallen under the control of that secretive and terrifying [Camp], or otherwise there would not be differences in opinion. To a great extent, this also erased nearly all possibility that the Dragonblood Dynasty would recklessly declare war against the Heaven Wasteland Domain, because two divided factions would certainly not dispatch troops against foreign forces and thereby weaken themselves before they had gained an absolute advantage domestically.

Stroking his chin, Ye Qingyu laughed mildly.

At this time, there was another matter which he wanted to know the conclusion of.

Keeping a straight face, he asked without hesitation, "Mr. Ren Puyang, is there already a final judgment regarding the Black Moon Immortal Palace's attack on the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps?"

"Regarding this... there indeed is. The Alliance eventually adjudged that the Black Moon Immortal Palace's attack on the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps is in violation of the Alliance's laws, and has sentenced that the mountain gate of the Black Moon Immortal Palace shall be sealed for fifty years." Ren Puyang slowly answered.

"Seal their mountain gate for fifty years? That's... all?" Ye Qingyu's eye beams flashed, indicating his utter dissatisfaction with this judgment.

Ren Puyang shook his head and sighed lightly, "Take it easy, child. I understand what you think, but this can't be helped. Many representatives among the Alliance spoke out on behalf of the Black Moon Immortal Palace, and their support couldn't be brushed aside. What's more... the Black Moon Immortal Palace is essentially also a Human Race sect, and there were many voices of support among the humans. My word isn't decisive. Having stood tall among the Vast Thousand Domains for so many years, the Black Moon Immortal Palace has extensive dealings and heritage even though it isn't a super force. You may be upset about this, but you must not do anything precipitate."

Ye Qingyu remained silent.

Although he was highly dissatisfied, he also knew that Ren Puyang had done all he could. This was the reality which could not be changed in a hurry. Ultimately, it boiled down to the fact that the Heaven Wasteland Domain was too weak and too small, or otherwise, nobody would dare bully them.

"However..." Knowing how discontented Ye Qingyu was with this punishment, Ren Puyang thought for a while and decided not to try persuading him anymore. Changing the topic, he said, "The evidence you provided played a huge role in the judgment of the Black Moon Immortal Palace this time. Many clues were discovered, helping us to address a particularly long-standing doubt. What's more, that Black Snake Demon has a significant origin, and so it was certainly one heck of a job for you to be able to seal it up... As a result, the Alliance has decided to compensate you and has specially prepared a reward for you. I'm sure you'll find it very interesting."

"Oh?" Raising his brows, Ye Qingyu's interest was slightly aroused.

Rewards provided by the Alliance were certainly no ordinary things.

And, judging from Ren Puyang's tone, it was definitely something good.

"This time, there are two kinds of rewards, of which you may choose one..." Ren Puyang smiled knowingly as if he had expected to see Ye Qingyu's current expression, before continuing, "One is for the Alliance to issue an official letter of appointment which designates you as my deputy. Thereafter, your nominal status in the Alliance of Domains will only be second to mine. However, this deputy position is only ceremonial and comes with no substantive authority for the time being. Neither does it allow you to command the white-robed divine guards."

"No command over the white-robed divine guards? So, just nominal?" Ye Qingyu was not too keen on this, feeling that this reward was a little too fluffy.

Ren Puyang shook his head and smiled, "That isn't exactly the case. There are still many things you can do as a deputy. At the very least, it would serve as protection for you. In the future, any sect or force who wants to lay a finger on you cannot possibly strike you directly and openly. What's more, with this added status, you'd be able to do things from a high position and wouldn't be accused of acting without reason."

Ye Qingyu nodded thoughtfully and vaguely understood what Ren Puyang meant. He then asked, "What's the other choice?"

"The other choice is relatively much simpler. You'll be allowed to enter the [Divine Weapon Hall] and pick out a treasure below an emperor weapon." Ren Puyang slowly explained.

Ye Qingyu was slightly shaken after listening to these words.

Both rewards were highly valuable.

Although he had expected the Alliance to reward him for submitting those pieces of evidence, he never imagined that the reward would actually be this valuable.

On second thought, he understood what was going on.

The Alliance could not be this generous per se. The reason why he could obtain such precious rewards from them was mostly related to the importance of the letters he submitted, with one huge possibility being that he was unaware of the actual value of those pieces of evidence. Another likely reason was that Ren Puyang had put a great deal of thought into striving for these rewards on his behalf.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

