Chapter 465:


485 - I am his mother



As these words were said, the complexions of Lin Zheng and Yu Feiyan greatly changed in an instant.

The two exchanged a glance, but ultimately did not say anything.

There were not many descendants of the current Snow Emperor. His sons had long died early, and then Yu Xiaoxing came to be born later as a girl. Afterwards the Snow Emperor could not have another heir for this period of time, then had a strange thought. He made this Princess who was a girl, into the Crown Prince.

To make a girl control and rule the empire, this matter seemed somewhat brash.

In the Age of Sects, amongst those super sects, there had once been female sect leaders and female matriarches appearing. Furthermore, there were some female sect leaders that had shaken the world.

But for the ruler of an empire to be female, this matter was very rarely heard of.

Although it was matters concerning the entire Snow Empire, but the Snow Emperor decided on going through with this matter with just one sentence. However, the Snow Emperor still consulted on the opinion of several of the ministers that he trusted the most.

Afterwards, when Yu Xiaoxing had grown up a little, she was sent towards Youyan Pass. She asked the [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing to be her master, cultivating her mental state and polishing her will and determination while also familiarizing herself with the situation at the border.

Enlisted in the army, this was completely raising her as the next in line monarch.

But in such a process, Xing'er had assumed the attire and identity of a man. Apart from Liu Yuqing and Lu Zhaoge, there was absolutely no one that knew she was a girl.

She did not interfere with the military decisions made in Youyan Pass. The large majority of the time she only acted as an observer, familiarizing herself with civilian life and military affairs. From a young ageg, she had begun to interact with such matters.

The [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing was a person with foresight, and was equal to Qin and Lin these two people. His true identity was one of the five absolute peaks of the Age of Sects, the Heavenly Painting. He had once been a person with significant fame.

But Liu Yuqing had been engaged in a bitter battle with one of his fated enemies. He had suffered heavy injuries, and although he killed his opponent, he was heavily injured, almost dead. Under the treatment of Lu Zhaoge, he became one of the guests of Lu Zhaoge. Although his strength was not as it was in the past, but the [Cultivating Heart Arts] that he cultivated in was still as amazing as ever.

The Snow Emperor made Yu Xiaoxing accept Liu Yuqing as her master. Apart from the shocking experience of the [Heavenly Saint], he was also one of the rarely seen scholars of the Age of Sects. His vision was wide and he had sharp insight. His strategy and military deployments were known to be top class, and what was even more exceptional was his [Cultivating Heart Arts].

The Snow Emperor hoped that the Yu Xiaoxing, who was female, would be able to train to have the heart of an emperor. This wouldhelp her fill the biggest defect in her identity, the fact that she was a girl.

This matter was originally hidden.

It was even known that in the higher echelons of the empire that there it already had a Crown Prince. But this Crown Prince was far too mysterious, and there were very little ministers who had ever seen the Crown Prince's visage. Even if one saw him, they had only seen his body substitute.

Apart from several extremely loyal ministers, there was absolutely no one that knew the Crown Prince was a girl, and it was the current Princess Yu Xiaoxing

According to the original plan, after returning from Youyan Pass, Yu Xiaoxing would still use the identity of a man and take over everything of the Crown Prince's residence. She would gradually become immersed into the character of the Crown Prince and be given the mantle of the Snow Emperor.

But it was hard to change her natural personality.

Although she cultivated an emperor's heart and used the [Cultivating Heart Arts] to train her heart, she had gone against her nature. The young heart of a girl could not be utterly eliminated or changed no matter what.

Ye Qingyu's appearance caused the [Cultivating Heart Arts] that Yu Xiaoxing trained in to disappear.

It was unknown when, but Ye Qingyu's name and shadow began to be deeply imprinted in Yu Xiaoxing's heart. She was unable to get rid or erase this.

As the saying goes, ‘seeing the divine king once can ruin your entire life’. Perhaps this was what it described.

After returning to the capital, Yu Xiaoxing was originally going to accept the arrangements of her father and began inheriting the power of the Imperial family.

In these days, Yu Xiaoxing had, for the last few times, reassumed the identity of being a girl, and went to Ye Qingyu. She wanted to make Ye Qingyu know just what was the true her.

Perhaps this could be counted as the last remembrance of a period of emotions.

It was only that no one had expected matters would develop to such an extent.

In such a situation, the natural personality of Yu Xiaoxing was fully and utterly exhibited.

As a girl, her heart and her gentle emotions instantly destroyed the tens of years of cultivation she had in the [Cultivating Heart Arts]

At that moment, Yu Xiaoxing felt that she was no longer a Princess, anot not a Crown Prince. furthermore, she did not care about the so called secret or the greater good of the Empire.

At that moment, she was only a simple, normal girl.

She was a girl that wished for the person she liked to recover.

Within her palm, there was a golden jade Imperial Seal with dragons inscripted on it. By using the name of the Crown Prince, she had already made the preparations to shoulder the consequences when Lin Zheng and the others ordered the people to back away.

Li Guangbi, Li Qiushui and the others were so shocked they could not utter any words.

Although they rarely saw the Crown Prince, but they had seen this Imperial Seal before.

The Imperial Seal was like the Crown Prince had descended with himself. After all, Yu Xiaoxing possessed the seal of the next monarch, and since she had said such words, these had already made many things very clear.

Li Guangbi and Qu Hanshan had wealthy experiences. At this time, if they could not discern the truth, they would have really wasted their lives.

"Move away!"

Yu Xiaoxing lifted the Imperial seal up, saying word by word.

Lin Zheng and the others slowly moved away.

They could not help but retreat.

She was the monarch in waiting, the future Emperor.

No matter what, as the ministers, they must listen to the will that came from the Imperial Seal.

Furthermore, Ye Qingyu's identity was something that only they had guessed at. As for Yu Xiaoxing, with her bloodline, this was already something that concerned the matters of the Imperial family. Even if they considered things further and had concerns about the future implications of this, they could not immerse themselves in this matter.

Song Xiaojun gave a look to Yu Xiaoxing.

Faintly, she felt that this girl was familiar, as if she had some impression of her. It was as if she had seen her somewhere, but it was only just so...

Faintly nodding to Yu Xiaoxing, Song Xiaojun carried Ye Qingyu, soaring to the skies, turning into a stream of light...

Yu Xiaoxing stared dumbly at the location where the light disappeared, tears once again dripping down her face powerlessly.

As that light left, it was like it had sucked away all the energy within her body. She faintly quivered, her vision going black, as her figure fell downwards facing the skies...

"Xing'er..."

Lu Heng was greatly shocked and immediately rushed over to assist.

At this time---

Xiu!

Light flickered.

There was a flash in everyone's vision, as they saw Song Xiaojun once again returning.

"Just what is this?”

Everyone was taken aback.

One could see that this Queen of Darkness had shock and rage written on her face. She stared at the skies, as if she wanted to look at something. The black lotus flames madly surged around her body, as if she wanted to let out a heaven shattering strike...

Everyone turned their heads to look.

Without knowing when, a white-clothed woman with a peerless face and completely jade-like white hair, had appeared as if she had just stepped through another dimension and appeared. It was unknown when this had happened, as there was no fluctuation or aura that was released. Step by step, she came downwards.

It was unknown what words could be used to describe the aura of this woman.

At this moment, there was a thought that was born in everyone's mind: Could this be a fairy that had come downwards from an immortal realm?

"Who are you? Why have you blocked me?" Song Xiaojun questioned angrily.

The her at this time seemed to display an anger and attitude that was like a young girl, that was more suited to someone around her age.

"Place Ye Qingyu within the [Light Palace]. Rest assured, he will be healed." There was a gentle smile on her peerless and initricate face, as she said intimately, "Although the [First Class Black Lotus Life Healing Arts] of the Unmoving City of Darkness is powerful, but it cannot entirely heal Little Yu's wounds. The Heavenly Punishment thunder is a Dao wound, it is not as simple as you imagine.”

"You..." Song Xiaojun's complexion changed, falling silent for a brief moment. Then she said angrily again, "Who are you? Why do you know that the [First Class Black Lotus Life Healing Arts] can't heal brother Qingyu's wounds? Why... do I have to listen to you?"

Even Song Xiaojun was not clear as to why it was that when she faced the white-clothed and white-haired woman in front of her, she could not muster her aura. It was as if she was not on the same level as her.

Perhaps it was because her opponent was far too powerful.

The young queen of darkness consoled herself in her heart like so.

After all, in the skies high up, the two had already exchanged blows. The terrifying and unfathomable strength of that woman had caused Song Xiaojun to not help but return and retreat in but a moment, without any chance or opportunity to resist.

Ever since her bloodline of darkness had begun immersing with her, she had never encountered such a powerful enemy.

It was so strong that she was completely inhuman.

But, the words that the white-haired woman said caused this angry and young Queen of Darkness to be completely speechless after being taken aback.

She said, "Child, you have to believe in me, because... I am Little Yu's mother."

Song Xiaojun was dumbstruck.

Her frost-like cold expression, that would not change no matter what she encountered, had a transformation. But very quickly, within five or six breaths of time, her beautiful eyes that had been filled with emotions once again turned icy.

As if nothing had happened whatsoever.

"Oh."

She let out a low voice like so without any emotions.

With a movement from her palm, a surge of black lotus flames slowly sent Ye Qingyu over in front of the white-haired woman.

The white-haired woman received Ye Qingyu. Her gaze lay for a while on Song Xiaojun, evaluating her from top to bottom. There was a strange expression as a faint smile appeared on her face. She nodded her head.

"I am called Yu Junhan." She smiled faintly at Song Xiaojun.

"Oh." Song Xiaojun nodded her head.

Then her gaze fell briefly on Ye Qingyu's body. Without the slightest of hesitation, and carrying the little white rabbit, she turned into a stream of light, soared to the skies, and disappeared in its far off dome!

She did not pay another glance at Yu Xiaoxing.

She did not look at Lin Zheng and the others.

Lin Zheng originally wanted to say something to Song Xiaojun, but he could not interject at all.

When Yu Junhan said such words, Lin Zheng's head shook, as if something had exploded within his mind. His thoughts were in a compelte mess. Even he did not know what he was thinking...

"To think... That it was really like this..."

"Ye Qingyu really is the child of Her Highness... but that isn't right. The Peerless War God disappeared over a hundred years ago, and Her Highness retreated after that time. If he really was the child of those two, Ye Qingyu should be over a hundred years old, why is it..."

Lin Zheng was completely disconcerted---

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 466:


486 - You don’t need to cultivate this anymore



Beside him was the Apex Prince, Yu Feiyan. His reaction was exactly the same as Lin Zheng, his entire person seemed completely fossilized at that instant. There was not the slightest of emotions on his face at all.

Apart from Lu Heng who had long known the truth, the reaction of everyone else was more extreme than the next.

The people who knew about Yu Junhan's identity all had great tsunamis surging in their hearts.

This news was unquestionably the most shocking matter that had happened in the last hundred years.

If news of this was to spread out, it would shake the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Those who did not know Yu Junhan's identity also felt shocked.

To be able to make the Queen of Darkness, Song Xiaojun, returned when she was in the full bloom of her rage, and force her to return Ye Qingyu, this was not simply something that ‘I am her mother' would be able to solve.

Evidently, in the skies previously, although the crowd had not seen them exchanging blows, Song Xiaojun had been fiercely shaken by her strength.

Furthermore, Yu Junhan had said that Song Xiaojun had wanted to use the [First Class Black Lotus Healing Arts] to save Ye Qingyu, and judged that the Unmoving City of Darkness could not save him. It caused Song Xiaojun to have no way of resisting against this.

"Ye Qingyu is the child of your Highness, this..." Lin Zheng at this moment, finally realized the meaning behind Lu Heng's words.

The disappearance of that peerless War God, had caused the Princess to feel extremely sorrowful, that she had retreated from the world. It had caused many important founding ministers of Snow Empire to feel regret that this absolute peerless couple had not been able to leave any of their bloodline behind.

After all, the bloodline inheritance of that peerless War God as well as her highness, the person who had this must be someone with absolute talent. If they were to obtain the inheritance of these two peerless people, it would unquestionably be great news for the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland.

But everyone could not even imagine in their dreams that there really was a child from this immortal couple.

And their descendant was really Ye Qingyu.

But like so, they had goosebumps all around their body. He had the bloodline of that incomparable War God, along with the bloodline of the Imperial family. He originally should be an existence that the entire Snow Empire cultivated and protected like a pearl, but right now...

He was nearly dead from divine heavenly thunder!

Lin Zheng finally understood right now what Lu Heng meant that no one would be able to endure this responsibility.

If it was Lin Zheng himself, if he knew the truth, it was likely that he would have rushed over personally himself to resist, when those bolts of divine thunder struck down.

The only good news was that in the words between her Highness and Song Xiaojun, it showed that Ye Qingyu seemed to have hopes of being saved.

But no matter what, Lin Zheng and Yu Feiyan felt cold sweat dripping down. They felt that that their plan had nearly gone astray.

If Ye Qingyu had really perished in this battle, then they, even if they completed this plan of a hundred years, would become criminals of Snow Empire.

As they thought of this, the two shivered.

Someone who was similarly shocked was the 'Crown Prince'.

"Aunt Han..." Yu Xiaoxing said somewhat unfamiliarly.

Yu Junhan smiled as she touched the head of the little Princess, "You little girl, your ten years of bitter cultivation in Youyan Pass has been wasted just like this. If Liu Yuqing knew that his [Cultivating Heart Arts] would be so easily broken like this, he must be so angry that he would spit out blood."

Yu Xiaoxing lowered her head, not knowing what to say.

Towards this Aunt Han, she felt both love and fear.

Although they had not seen each other many times, but she respected her more than her own father.

This was not only the history that Aunt Han had which were buried in rumors, where she did miraculous feats. It was as if Aunt Han had an aura like a deity that caused one to respect her.

Of course, the unfamiliarity that Yu Xiaoxing had today was largely still because it was only then that she knew that Aunt Han was Ye Qingyu's mother.

Thinking of Aunt Han's abilities, and thinking of her own performance, Yu Xiaoxing did not know what to say. An emotion that she had never ever experienced completely swamped her like a flood.

"That's fine. Why must a girl that has spiritual qi emanating through her go cultivating that [Cultivating Heart Arts]. Why must you turn into another person, this originally is something that goes against the very heavens. Your master, Liu Yuqing himself, also hasn't trained in the [Cultivating Heart Arts] for a long time.“

Yu Junhan smiled.

"Since your cultivation has been broken, then you don't have to go cultivate in it anymore. When I return, I will speak to your father... Returning to your female self is better. A woman can still be an Empress, so what's wrong with becoming a Crown Princess that is unparalleled throughout history?"

Such words seemed to completely decide her future.

Yu Xiaoxing, upon hearing this, was delighted.

The status of this Aunt Han was special within Snow Empire. With such words being said, this was even better than the Snow Emperor saying such words. Since she had uttered such words, the matter had been completely settled.

Thinking that she no longer needed to pretend to be a man, that she no longer needed to wrap herself like a parcel, and she could face everyone with her true appearance, Yu Xiaoxing felt her vision brightening, as if her entire person was bathing in light.

Out of everyone, only the First Princess and Lu Heng had normal expressions.

At this time, light flickered in the skies.

There were several figures that flickered and descened, landing on the ground.

They were namely Wen Wan, Ximen Yeshui, Divine General Guan as well as An Expert Within the Shadows.

The battle at the Pinnacle of the Ninth Heaven had seemed to have finally reached an end.

The aura of Wen Wan and the others were unstable. They had expended significant inner yuan, but did not seem to be injured. It seemed that the result of the battle at the Pinnacle of the Ninth Heaven was beneficial for the [Light Palace] as well as the entire Empire.

"We pay our respects to our Lady!"

Wen Wan, Divine General Gong Gao Diping, as well as An Expert Within the Shadows, all paid their respects towards Yu Junhan.

They had been raised personally by that War God in those years back, and Yu Junhan was the wife of that War God, so she was tantamount to their Lady. They naturally could not show the slightest hint of disrespect.

Yu Junhan nodded her head, then asked, “Has the matters above been settled?”

Wen Wan spoke, "With the cooperation of the master of the Unmoving City of Darkness, apart from Yan Buhui, all the people who have entered battle has been killed. It is only that Poison Ancestor managed to create another copy, and managed to escape with a shred of his spirit. Please give me your punishment."

No matter how unbridled and unrestrained Wen Wan normally was, but in front of Yu Junhan he was utterly respectful. He did not dare show the slightest hint of disrespect.

Of these people, apart from Ximen Yeshui who was an outsider who seemed to be afraid of nothing, Divine General Gong, and An Expert Within the Shadows, were also as serious as Wen Wan seemed.

The attitude they had towards Yu Junhan came from the heart. They seemed like the most loyal cult members and had the zeal and enthusiasm they had towards the cult leader.

Yu Junhan finished hearing Wen Wan's words, then nodded her head. "The Poison Ancestors poison doppelganger is indeed something special. But after this battle, he is only a wild dog that has his spine broken. He is not a problem. As for Yan Buhui... you don't need to pay attention to him."

"Yes."

The several people respectfully accepter her orders.

No one noticed, that the expression of Lu Heng seemed much more relaxed.

At this time, Ximen Yeshui's gaze finally faintly drifted away from Yu Junhan's figure.

Facing such an absolute peerless figure like Yu Junhan, he seemed to not notice her at the slightest.

At this time, his gaze shifted, falling on Ye Qingyu's body. With confusion, he looked at him, then jumped up, "My heavens, my brother has turned into burntwood... who motherfucking did this?"

He seemed somewhat panicked.

With Ximen Yeshui's intricate strength, he naturally could tell with one glance that Ye Qingyu's wounds were caused by the Great Dao of Heaven Wasteland Domain, and by heavenly thunder. His injuries were extremely serious.

Yu Junhan smiled, a gentle energy surging out that slowly sent the Ye Qingyu that was sealed by ice away inside the [Light Palace]. Looking at Ximen Yeshui, she said, "After eighty years, I haven't seen him again. Is your master still well?"

Ximen Yeshui was frightened by this, "You know that damn old man?"

“Eighty years ago, the [Confounding Wave Master] once stated that he will raise an absolutely unique successor. He wants to completely pass down all that he knows and make it even better. It seems that he was not wrong, he really managed to raise such a character." Yu Junhan faintly nodded her head.

There was shock on Ximen Yeshui's face.

Ever since he had left, this was the first time that someone was able to recognize the master he came from.

The line of the [Confounding Wave Master] rarely appeared on this continent. The large majority of time, they were hidden within the Sea of Chaos. He did not think that the Princess of Snow Empire would be able to recognize his own master.

There was a smile that was exposed on the beautiful and peerless appearance of Yu Junhan, "Your strength can nearly be compared to your master in the past. And your temperament is exactly the same as your master. The only difference is that the face of the [Confounding Wave Master] is much darker than yours..."

As Ximen Yeshui heard this, he did not have the slightest of doubts anymore.

The line of the [Confounding Wave Master], because they were often situated within the Sea of Chaos and had been buffeted by the winds of the Sea of Chaos, and the fact that their cultivation technique was special, so that all his fellow disciples did not have a normal face. His own master's face was really much darker than his.

This woman must have seen his master before.

"I pay my respect to Elder." Ximen Yeshui finally became honest, giving her the greeting that a junior would. Then probingly, he said, "My brother Ye, he..."

"I will heal him," Yu Junhan stated.

Ximen Yeshui finally let out a relaxed breath.

Yu Junhan looked a the others, and said to Lin Zheng, "There is still a period of time till the central Domain Gate will open. When the Domain Gate stabilizes, there will be people from outer domains who will enter. You go prepare."

"Yes," Right Minister Lin Zheng replied respectfully.

Lin Zheng originated from a noble family, but his mother was only a concubine. He originally had no status at all, but was suddenly able to rise with a force that could not be stopped. To be able to become one of the most important and central figures of Imperial power, his status and talent, and effort also naturally played a part in this.

But the more important reason was, when Lin Zheng was still frustrated and dispirited, he had the chance and opportunity to see Yu Junhan once.

The Lin Zheng at that time had not achieved anything as of yet. But he was determined to be a talent by Yu Junhan, and had received her hidden assistance several times. Furthermore, she had provided her support at crucial moments when Lin Zheng was fighting for status and power. That was the reason why there was the Lin Zheng today---

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 467:


Chapter 487, Go see him

It was because of these relationships that when facing Yu Junhan, Lin Zheng was always respectful. Although Lin Zheng was the current Right Minister of the empire, he dared not treat her disrespectfully in the slightest.

Yu Junhan’s gaze fell on Yu Feiyan, “Younger brother, I have to trouble you.”

Yu Feiyan hurriedly answered, “I understand.”

The Golden Apex Prince also dared not treat her with the slightest of disrespect.

No one knew of the power of this elder sister better than him.

“Old Commander, regarding the rectification of the strength of the empire, I will have to trouble you. Try to eliminate as soon as possible the military power of foreign races within the border of the empire. Also, taking advantage of the calamity of the opening of the Domain Gate, plough up sects such as the Three Schools and Three Sects. Old Commander, please personally come forward to bring order to Jianghu,” Yu Junhan turned and said to Li Guangbi.

Li Guangbi’s face was glowing, as he replied in a loud and clear voice, “I understand. A policy such as Jianghu matters end in Jianghu, will not happen in Snow Empire again.”

As a founding minister back then, Li Guangbi had been following the War God and Yu Junhan, battling everywhere for a long period of time. The strength that Yu Junhan showed made Li Guangbi’s blood race and feel all fired up, as though he had returned to the unforgettable past times. He felt many years younger.

Yu Junhan nodded, glanced at Qin Zhishui and the others, and smiled, “Master Qin lent a hand this time, Matchless Blade City really is a good example for the sects of my Human Race, thank you for fully aiding Yu’er.”

Qin Zhishui, facing such a strong figure, dared not to act arrogantly, “Your highness flatters me, those are the things that we should do, not to mention that Brother Ye and I are friends.”

Yu Junhan nodded, without saying another word.

But on the other side Li Guangbi had only just understood the meaning of her words, in the rectification of the sect powers of Jianghu, he has to treat Matchless Blade City differently from the other sects.

“Here are some pills that I refined during my spare time, Junqing, divide it for everyone. In this battle, we have consumed a lot of strength. I have no other things to thank you all, these pills are a small gift.”

Yu Junhan handed over a jade bottle to First Princess Yu Junqing.

After this arrangement, everyone began to retreat.

Yu Junhan and Lu Heng turned around into the [Light Palace].

Outside the main hall.

The First Princess Yu Junqing equally divided the pills inside the jade bottle to everyone.

It was not clear what ingredients these pills were refined from, there was not the slightest scent coming off of it. The pills that were around the size of a dragon’s eye were a dark green-coloured, like a finely carved jade stone.

But upon closer inspection, one would see that there was flowing light flickering, like a wandering dragon was climbing the walls inside of the pills. The spirit intent contained within such pils was peculiar.

As soon as Snow Empire Pill God Dugu Quan saw it he felt his heart jumping out his chest.

With one glance he knew that this was a legendary Spirit Pill, and not an ordinary medicinal pill.

Her highness was really extraordinary.

The crowd joyfully took the medicinal pill, and then dispersed successively.

Fatty Wang Lijin led the armoured soldiers and began to clean up all areas of Light City.

In this war, the Light City had suffered the greatest. The reparation and tidying up would take a very long time.

Qin Zhishui led the people of Matchless Blade City away.

This unforeseen event had not only affected the situation of the powers of the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, it had a devastating ripple effet towards the sects within the empire.

There was no doubt that the plan of the Right Minister and others was intended from the beginning to plot against the sects.

Now, the sect masters and experts have suffered a disastrous loss.

In contrast, the Emperor’s team had almost not suffered any serious injury. In the Battle of Light City, besides the less than 10,000 Imperial troops at the beginning, the main forces of the empire had not been moved at all.

Now that Old Commander Li Guangbi had returned to the commander position, under his strong counterattack, defeating the Hurricane Wave Demon Court and the two Brute Races were just a matter of time.

Thinking of this, Qin Zhishui and the other people felt a little scared.

In Heaven Wasteland Domain, the disunited sects that were like a sheet of loose sand really were unable to compete with the empire. After this war, the decline of the forces of the sects was a foregone conclusion.

Now, Qin Zhishui could only think of how he could maintain the present Matchless Blade City, and side with the Snow Empire Imperial Court as much as possible. This was not the so-called bowing down to another force, but just another method for the expansion of the sect.

Other master experts of various sects, because they did not greedily entered the Earth fire spirit spring sword pit, were also feeling very awkward at this time. But in the end still followed the Right Minister and the others and left.

The originally noisy and crowded Light City gradually resumed its deserted state of the past.

But in the Earth ire spirit spring sword pit, the silver light beam was becoming clearer and more conspicuous, its rippling movements in the air also gradually becoming stable.

Inside this beam of light, there was a strange power flowing, like the murmuring of running water, spreading out in all directions with Light City as the center.

Only real martial artists could feel this bizarre change.

In the sky, the storm of chaos, a swirling vortex, was rotating at a much rapid speed. The sky was constantly alternating between light and darkness that it was difficult to differentiate whether it was day or night.

After a period of time, when the storm of chaos, the swirling vortex, had completely stabilized, a new Domain Gate would emerge here.

At that time, the gate of time and space would be completely opened up to all domains, and the creatures in other domains could, through this Domain Gate, enter Heaven Wasteland Domain.

At that time, a new era would arrive.

And in this new era, without a doubt, Light City would become the noisiest and most bustling land in the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Maybe 100 years ago, when this site was chosen, the War God had already predicted this.

……

In the [Light Palace].

Ye Qingyu’s body was placed on the cold jade bed.

Yu Junhan was stroking the cold ice with her palm, her strength penetrating into the cold ice to observe the condition of Ye Qingyu. From time to time she slightly wrinkled her brows. She seemed to be pondering deeply about something.

The situation was not exactly the same as she had imagined at first.

“Miss, how is he?”

Lu Heng could not help asking.

Yu Junhan looked deep in thought, “It’s a bit strange, I have seen the injury of Heavenly Punishment before, but Little Yu’s situation is a bit special...”

“Ah?” A worried frown immediately crossed Lu Heng’s face. “Then what do we do?”

Yu Junhan smiled. “Don’t worry, although it’s a bit strange, but he can still be cured. The [Light Palace] is the most valuable treasure he left behind, its power is unfathomable, it will not be a problem.”

“That’s good, that’s good...” Swallowing the lingering fear, Lu Heng put her hand over her pounding heart and lightly patted her chest.

Yu Junhan smiled as she looked at Lu Heng, when she suddenly thought of something and said, “Ah Heng, your mind is wandering, where is the always calm Ah Heng? Is there something on your mind?”

Lu Heng instantly turned red, shaking her head, “Miss, you’re joking.”

“You and I are in name master and servant, but we are actually as close as sisters, do I not know you well?” Yu Junhan said with a fond look.

She shook her head, walked over, and stroked Lu Heng’s cloud-like black hair as she said, “Time waits for no one, beauty fades like a flower. When Lin Zheng and your father were plotting, I also did not know what would happen. When things had been done already, it was too late to change anything... sigh, the young scholar with the surname Yan, his temper is also fierce.”

Lu Heng’s face immediately dimmed.

The scene of that year very clearly flashed across her mind.

Those memories that she thought were completely buried came flooding to her mind, and she was unable to restrain them at all.

Yu Junhan with one glance knew what Lu Heng was thinking.

She smiled, and added, “Well, don’t feel sad again. Since this little scholar has come to the Imperial capital, then you should go see him. Tens of years have past, I think he also has not forgotten and still cherishes the feelings. He is also a person that will infatuate himself over something, he is worth you thinking about him day and night for so many years.”

Lu Heng’s face lit up.

But this cheerful expression was very shortly transformed into sadness.

Lu Heng shook her head, “Buhui... Now there are demon bones growing in him, the blood of the Snow Ground Demon Race flows within his body, these feelings can stay as a memory, I, I... He and I, it is still impossible. It’s better to not see each other, let him think that I have died.”

“Silly girl, why are you still thinking so much?” Yu Junhan could not help laughing. “You think that I did not let you go see this little scholar all these years because he betrayed us and went into the demon clan? Because of the fact that demon bones have been implanted in him? None of them. It was just that the situation had been decided and I could not change it. But I also took advantage of this opportunity to put him to test for you, to see this little scholar’s nature and his love. Now he has passed the test, you should go. You have been keeping me company for so many years, I should make it up to you, my silly little sister.”

Upon hearing these words, in Lu Heng’s eyes there was an unstoppable glimmer of happiness flashing in her eyes.

It would be a lie if she said she was not overjoyed.

After all, back then she had also made an oath of eternal love. She had also longed for the happiness of ‘gaining his heart and never be apart’ amidst flowers and under the moonlight.

Unfortunately, a sudden catastrophe had destroyed all this.

And then, when she knew that some people deliberately plotted all this, and her father was amongst those people, it was not that Lu Heng did not feel hatred, did not feel angry.

But whether it’s hatred or anger, in the end, one side was her beloved and one side was her father, her own race. She was a weak woman, what could she do?

She could only accept such an outcome in tears.

Then everything went toward the direction of despair.

Lu Heng also gradually forgot.

In the deepest place at the bottom of her heart, there was a glimmer of hope that this person would stay alive.

As long as he was alive, it was fine.

This was Lu Heng’s only wish——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 468:


Chapter 488, One month

Lu Heng was Yu Junhan’s personal maid.

But this maid’s identity must not be underestimated. Back then there were many noble ladies that wanted to become a niece of Yu Junhan, but they did not have that qualification. It was only because Lu Heng was the daughter of Youyan Pass’ War God Lu Zhaoge and were acquaintances with Yu Junhan that she received this special honour. Truly, those on the waterfront are the first to see the rising moon.

But with that said, although she was a maid, but with Yu Junhan’s temper at that time, she and Lu Heng got along like sisters. the two were very close.

For this reason, Lu Heng had an extremely high status in the empire.

There was a time when Lu Heng went to Youyan Pass for her father’s birthday, where she met a young Youyan officer, who was not very strong, did not have a high status, but was a very talented and outstanding young officer.

The two people fell in love at first sight.

They were a perfect match.

There were many people that supported this relationship.

Who knew that...

Who knew that later, there was a thing that shook the entire empire, and completely changed the fate of Lu Heng and the young man.

And after that nightmare-like incident, Lu Heng returned to the Ancestral Land, back to Yu Junhan’s side, and everyone thought she was dead.

Many times, Lu Heng also thought that she herself was dead.

But today, Yu Junhan’s words were like a lightningbolt, streaking across the dark, the dense fog in Lu Heng’s heart tearing through the sky and bringing a beam of light.

“But... but...”

Lu Heng was still a little hesitant.

Yu Junhan fondly stroked Lu Heng’s hair as she said with a smile, “Silly sister, remember, no matter when, you must fight for your own happiness. The so-called overall situation, the so-called sentient beings, are used to deceive others. Only when one holds their happiness can one can form a lifelong happiness. Each and every one of oneself is a sentient being... All sentient beings have their own lives, you do not need others to take responsibility. Go, the overall situation is clear now, you should go see him, your suffering should be over. Even if the sky collapses you have your older sister to help you support it,” Yu Junhan said in a sympathetic tone.

At the start she spoke in a warm and affectionate tone of voice, but the final words were uttered in an incomparably domineering voice, like an overbearing Goddess, as though whoever dares to make things difficult for Lu Heng was opposing her.

Lu Heng finally could no longer hold back her tears, letting them pour down her cheeks.

She hugged Yu Junhan tightly, before turning away from the [Light Palace].

At first, her footsteps were slow.

But then, she gathered up her dress and ran without stopping...

The yellow light that shone through the gate of the palace pulled Lu Heng’s shadow longer and longer.

For some reason, in that moment of the light and shadow intersecting, Yu Junhan spaced out, gazing at this little sister’s rear figure, and couldn’t help thinking of her own fate.

She could help her rewrite Ah Heng’s fate.

But her own fate, who could help her rewrite it?

“Brother Fei, you... here, are you well?” Yu Junhan let out a long sigh, and then the smile on her face became more and more gentle.

She slowly turned to the cold jade bed.

Looking at the charcoal-like body of Ye Qingyu, Yu Junhan came to the stone bed.

Now that she was by herself, she could finally show her most real self, and need not to maintain the majesty of a princess.

The buried feelings were like a river flooding its banks, no longer controllable.

Yu Junhan only lowered her head, when tears rolled down her face like broken pearls, falling onto her fingertips.

At this time, in the large hall, there was only Yu Junhan.

It was spacious and empty.

And a little cold and lonely.

The sparkling and translucent pearl-like tears dropped onto the layer of thin ice that was sealing Ye Qingyu’s body.

In the absence of people, facing her own son, this powerful goddess could finally put down all toughness and her outer shell, letting tears gush forth like a fountain.

Although her words to Lu Heng were resolute and unhesitating like a sword, what if it was herself in that situation?

The separation back then, was it not also for the so-called overall situation?

A hundred years have passed and now her son was before her eyes, but before she had the chance to reunite with him, he was struck by the Divine Punishment and became like this.

Back then, the first time she saw that person, he was also struck by a lightning. If she had not saved him, he would have died.

But who would have known that the person she rescued was the unparalleled War God, and also her destined love that her fate was entangled with.

After a long while.

Yu Junhan finally wiped away the tears and revealed a gentle smile again, looking at Ye Qingyu. Her slender jade-like fingers gently caressed across and the thin ice gradually melted away and disappeared.

Puff!

A stream of hot air gushed up.

Even though he had been sealed in ice for so many days, there was still hot toxin bubbling in Ye Qingyu’s body.

The heavenly lightning of Divine Punishment was a great injury that even Medical God Ouyang Buping was unable to do anything about. It was evident just how terrifying it was.

Yu Junhan bit her finger.

Drip.

A bead of fresh blood dropped onto Ye Qingyu’s charred body.

Where the blood dripped onto, that charred colour was gradually fading, and vaguely, a layer of red flesh was visible...

Drip drop drip drop.

Continuously, there were scarlet red bead-like blood seeping out from Yu Junhan’s finger, falling onto Ye Qingyu.

And the charcoal colour on Ye Qingyu, washed by the blood, was peeling away little by little.

Layer upon layer of blood and flesh could be seen.

As soon as the blood dripped into the flesh it quickly penetrated in, as though it was from the same body.

Inside this body, the originally weak life force was seemingly absorbing the power contained in the drops of blood and suddenly boiled up.

This process was really astonishing.

In a short moment of time, the vitality of blood and qi was bubbling up like an ocean inside of the whole [Light Palace].

Time slowly went by.

Just how many drops of blood seeped out from Yu Junhan’s fingertip and integrated into Ye Qingyu’s body?

Under that effect of the boiling vitality of blood and qi, Ye Qingyu’s body, as if it was alive, began to repair itself automatically.

In less than half an hour, new flesh and bones were beginning to grow, and even new internal organs and blood marrow were forming.

Yu Junhan’s strength was incredibly profound.

The yuan qi and energy contained in one drop of her blood was superior to those of many Heaven Ascension experts.

So many essence and blood had penetrated into Ye Qingyu’s body. To recreate a body was not a difficult matter at all.

Eventually, Ye Qingyu’s body was completely repaired.

There was no difference between this body and Ye Qingyu’s former body. The reconstruction of  Ye Qingyu’s flesh and blood depended on life force to trigger the automatic healing and growth process. It was as though the whole process was restored.

And because within this body, there was the essence and blood of Yu Junhan, this body held more power and potential than before.

Yu Junhan was Ye Qingyu’s mother.

Her blood, like the amniotic fluid, made Ye Qingyu experience a rare opportunity, of which the mysterious benefits were difficult to describe in words.

But even so, there were problems.

It was difficult to repair the body, but more difficult to repair the mind, consciousness, and spirit.

For an expert, the flesh was not the most important.

The most important thing was the mind, which was the response of one’s consciousness.

For a person, the three immortal souls and seven mortal forms were the most important. If the soul was shattered, it would not be found again.

After Yu Junhan restored Ye Qingyu’s body, because she had lost too much essence and blood, her face was pale.

“Child, don’t be afraid, have a good sleep, in a short while you will wake up. This time, mother will not leave you, and will always accompany you.”

Yu Junhan covered Ye Qingyu’s body with a layer of blanket.

The formation of the [Light Palace] was left by the unparalleled War God. It contained infinite mystery, and was the most suitable for cultivating the mind. With time, Ye Qingyu would completely awaken.

Yu Junhan had no doubt about this.

Having done all this, she was a lot more relieved.

She slowly stood up and seeing that the little silver dragon was lazily lying down, she shook her head and said, “Unfortunately, the spirit of the [Light Palace] had been swallowed by you, otherwise Little Yu would have been cured sooner. But you still have a conscience, you sealed off Xiaoyu’s life force at that critical moment, otherwise he would have died. Such is the will of heaven.”

The little silver dragon evidently understood.

He was extremely tired, but shook his tail slightly, his eyes twinkling proudly.

Yu Junhan did not know whether to cry or laugh.

“A sacred silver dragon did not learn well, but learnt from that little lazy dog.”

Little Nine, who was in deep sleep, grumbled softly and moved his body.

Yu Junhan stared at this silly little dog for a long while, finally her eyes flickered with a strange look, and gasped a breath of shock... But she eventually didn’t say anything.

……

Time went by quickly.

One month had already past by in the blink of an eye.

In this one month of time, there had been some great changes that could only be described with the word ‘earthshaking’.

Those who had to bear the brunt were the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race, Hurricane Wave Demon Court and the Great Desert Brute Race, shrinking back to their original territory.

One month ago, the major foreign races marched straight into the territory of the Snow Empire, occupied the upper hand, and defeated the forces of the Human Race of the Snow Empire in one move.

But one month later, when the Human Races main battle armies revealed their real military strength, the armies of foreign races were horrified to find that the strength of the Human Race was far better than their worst estimate at the beginning.

If the main forces of the Human Race had not driven them back to their original territory, and stationed at the frontier line, then before they further counterattack, perhaps the three major foreign races would have had to migrate and retreat from their demon court.

At the recovered territory of the Snow Empire, there were many things waiting to be done.

And the sects within the territory of the Snow Empire were also facing a blast of storm-like shuffling and attack——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

