Chapter 677:


Chapter 695, You are all going to die



“Theft? Stealing?” Luo Yi was taken aback for a moment, then hurriedly tried to explain, “How is that possible, you must have made a mistake?”

The young leader smiled coldly and said in a mocking tone, “I know that you stinking beggars would refuse to admit it until you're faced with the grim reality... Shopkeeper Zhou, come over to identify if it were these lower domain people who stole in your shop.”

A middle-aged man in a red silk robe squeezed out from behind the Violet Gold divine guards.

With a fawning smile on his face, he nodded and bowed to the young leader, then turned around. Looking at Ye Qingyu and the others, the expression on his face immediately turned arrogant and disdainful.

The middle-aged man was Shopkeeper Zhou who had just served Ye Qingyu and the others in the thousand-year-old shop [Refine armour].

Shopkeeper Zhou raised his hand to point to Ye Qingyu with a face of indignation, “Reporting to Lord, yes, these are the lowly people that stole the treasure of my shop... Sigh, I am unlucky. At first when they entered the shop, I already felt that they are not any good people. They were wearing rags, but us business people pay particular attention to sincerity and courtesy, I could not kick customers out of the shop. I also very enthusiastically served them. These lowly people were very arrogant and bought a number of things. I thought it was a big business, who knew that, as soon as they left, I noticed that the precious treasure of the store was gone...”

“You...” Luo Yi was furious.

He was after all a young man. Although he had been underestimated in Heaven Wasteland Domain, he was still from an official family and had never encountered such a situation before. He was the first to refute angrily, “This is slander, you just... we didn't steal anything at all, and Shopkeeper Zhou you weren't like this just now.”

He was a little puzzled and unable to comprehend the situation.

Why would the amiable and kind shopkeeper suddenly turn so harsh and acrimonious. He was clearly making some unfounded attacks on them.

Shopkeeper Zhou, upon hearing this, gave a harsh laugh, and disdainfully remarked, “Just now I thought you were really here to do business and I treated you like humans. Who would have thought that you people are just a group of lowly thieves and stole from my shop, I am blind...”

Luo Yi flushed with anger.

He was fuming with rage and just as he was about to say something more.

Ye Qingyu patted him gently on the shoulder and shook his head, signalling Luo Yi to not speak.

“Shopkeeper Zhou, is it?” Ye Qingyu walked two steps forward, looked him calmly in the eye and asked, “You say we stole the treasure of your store?”

Shopkeeper Zhou was startled for a moment, and then immediately sneered, “Correct, it is your group of lowly people, I can recognize you no matter what you look like.”

Ye Qingyu was not the slightest bit angry. Instead he smiled, “Then I have to ask you, your so-called treasure of the store, what is it?”

“This...” Shopkeeper Zhou stumbled, then turned his head to look at the young leader. They were in a rush before and had not discussed this detail in advance, as a result he was suddenly a little speechless, stuttering, “It's... it's...”

The young leader sneered, directly answered the question for him, “It is a square seal dug out from the wilderness ruins outside the city, called the [Sky Shade Seal]. There were staffs in the shop who saw with their own eyes that you lower domain people stole it. Shopkeeper Zhou also saw with his own eyes, isn't that right?”

“Ah?” Shopkeeper Zhou immediately nodded. “Yes, yes, yes, it is so, Captain Huang is indeed worthy of being the leader of the law enforcement divine guards of Sunrise City. Your eyes are like burning torches, able to discover the minutest detail in everything.”

Ye Qingyu smiled, “Really is a poorly framed trap. If you want to hurt others, then you have to be a little more serious and professional. Haha, I cannot imagine that in Sunrise City, the first city of the nineteen cities of chaos, the great city created by the Storm Martial Emperor, there is such a despicable and shameless thing happening. It really is disappointing.”

“Nonsense!”

“Wildly arrogant.”

The Violet Gold divine guard opened their mouths and snapped like wolves.

“Haha lowly people, still not admitting your mistake? When I take you all back to the [Lightless Dungeon], sooner or later we will find the [Sky Shade Seal] on you. The Sunrise City shall not tolerate scums like you, the law will punish you.” The young leader grinned, motioning with his hand. “Everyone, stop talking rubbish, arrest them all!”

“You guys... really... have gone too far.” Luo Yi fumed, pulling out his weapon to defend himself.

“If they dare to fight back, then kill with lawful authority.” The young leader's eyes lit up, then whispered to an aide beside him, “Prepare the Sunrise Order.”

Ye Qingyu knitted his brows in a frown.

This matter was a bit tricky.

Given his strength, although he was unafraid of the Violet Gold divine guards, they were after all in Sunrise City, and if they were really to strike back, the consequences were unthinkable. He could easily escape, but the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps would definitely be involved.

The young leader had deliberately made things difficult for him and the others over and over again. There must be someone ordering him to do so.

To really solve this problem, they must first understand who it was that was controlling all this behind the scenes.

Otherwise, everything would be futile.

After a thought, Ye Qingyu already formed a plan in mind.

He shook his head to signal Luo Yi, Wen Wan and the others to not resist, and to watch the situation before they act.

Opposite.

Seeing that Ye Qingyu and others gave up resisting, the young leader's lips curved in a contemptuous smile.

“You're smart.” He stared at Ye Qingyu, his eyes full of arrogance and provocation.

Ye Qingyu remained indifferent, and did not say anything more.

“Hahahaha... take them away, do not let any one of them go, they are all accomplices.” The young leader laughed, and then loudly issued the command, “And that dirty dog, take it away too,” pointing to sillly dog Little Nine.

But his voice had just faded——

“You are the dirty dog, your whole family are dirty dogs,” silly dog Little Nine cursed, turned into a beam of white light, and disappeared from where he was.

“Ah? This... Captain Huang, that dog... got away.” The Violet Gold divine guard, who was going to arrest Little Nine, was startled. That white light was too fast for him to chase.

“Issue the document, tell the whole city to hunt for him.”

The young leader’s face darkened a little. He had seen the terrifying abilities of the silly dog Little Nine. He knew that dog was not an ordinary creature.

A moment later.

Ye Qingyu and the other people were shackled, and under the escort of the Violet Gold divine guards, were brought toward the [Lightless Dungeon] of Sunrise City.

“Shopkeeper Zhou, see you later.” Ye Qingyu, as he passed shopkeeper Zhou, deliberately gave a smile and said farewell to him.

Shopkeeper Zhou shuddered all over.

For some reason, he suddenly felt a little regretful, a little worried.

From beginning to end, the young man from Heaven Wasteland Domain had shown an almost strange calmness. In particular, the expression in his eyes just now, although he was clearly laughing, for some reason, Shopkeeper Zhou felt that there was a bone-chilling coldness in that pair of bright eyes.

“These lowly people of the lower domain shouldn’t have any important background...” Shopkeeper Zhou was a little apprehensive.

But after a brief thought, shopkeeper Zhou immediately shook his head, thinking to himself, “It should be fine. That Huang Lin is famous for being cunning. He became a little captain of the Violet Gold divine guards through his uncle's power. He would usually never provoke or anger anyone, but since he personally came forward to deal with these lowly people, then it should not be a problem."

Watching everyone leave, Shopkeeper Zhou also returned to [Refine Armour].

But little did he know that his perjury would become the nightmare of his life.

When everyone left, calm was finally restored in the street.

From an impressive-looking restaurant, there a man and a woman slowly came out.

“Heehee, Lord Huang, I leave this matter to you. My Master said that, after the matter is completed, we will certainly thank you properly.” The woman's action was flirtatious, exhaling in the man's ear and whispering with a sweet smile.

She was extremely young, exceptionally beautiful, and was wearing a fiery red dress, which showed off her slim and graceful figure and her ample chest. She was an extraordinarily beautiful woman, with coquettish eyes and an astonishing charm flowing around her. Who else would it be, besides Jiang Xiaohan?

The man on the other hand was dressed in a very ordinary outfit, which covered half of his face, and only revealed his lips that were twisted in an avaricious smile.

He had already quietly put one hand around Jiang Xiaohan’s waist, stroking gently, and whispered with a smile, “Thank you? Haha, okay, but you'd better thank me on behalf of your master tonight.”

As the man and woman were speaking, they vanished from where they were with a flash.

A corner in the distance.

A white dog's head popped out from behind, staring at the direction where the two people disappeared in with a gloating expression.

“Woof, it's that little bitch... Ximen Yeshui that pervert seemed to have used this word to describe women. A beauty destroys a country. Ah, master is unlucky. Should I tell him in a moment... Hmm, forget it, let's go find Old Fish first.”

The dog muttered to himself and darted along the corner.

……

The [Lightless Dungeon] was the place where heavy offenders were held in Sunrise City.

It was rumoured that the Storm Martial Emperor had once suppressed a chaos demon beast here, and in order to create Sunrise City the Storm Martial Emperor had killed many chaotic space beasts, then opened up a pure land, which was protected by a wind layer. And this underground labyrinth that was once stained with the blood of the chaos demons had later become the place for the Lord of Sunrise City to imprison prisoners.

Ye Qingyu was held in a water dungeon on the ninth floor of the underground.

His entire body was soaked in ice water from the chest.

The ice water was not ordinary water. It contained the intent of extreme ice, but also was faintly flowing with a bizarre divine power. If an ordinary Immortal Step expert were to fall into the dungeon, their yuan qi would be frozen in their body and would be in a state more unbearable than death.

The surrounding light was dim.

On the stone walls of the water dungeon there were ancient formation markings appearing and disappearing, creating an imprisonment formation in the depths of the stone walls, so that the water dungeon was indestructible. Even the black iron railings were engraved with ancient formations, and it would impossible for even Immortal Step experts to break through with force.

Wen Wan, Luo Yi, and the rest were locked in a stone prison opposite.

Their situation was a little better than Ye Qingyu. At least the ground was paved with straw and they did not have to suffer the bitter cold water attack in the water dungeon, which were like thousands of swords piercing through the heart.

“You're all going to die.”

The young leader glowered at Ye Qingyu, white teeth like daggers, and a ferocious glint in his eyes, like a hunter ready to torment the prey that had fallen completely into his trap.

He smiled hard, lifting his hand to launch a formation light into the wall of the water dungeon.

Suddenly, the treacherous ice water was bubbling——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 678:


Chapter 696, How can you do this



The cold water started bubbling. This sounded unbelievable, but on the young leader Huang Lin's face there was a sinister and vicious smile like a cat playing with a mouse, indicating that what followed was far from good.

As expected, the change appeared at the next moment.

Ye Qingyu immediately felt the cold water around him act as if it had come alive. It became incredibly violent and penetrated into his muscles and bones, like there were tens of millions of silver needles frantically wandering about in his body.

This sort of pain, for others, may be similar to death. Others would pass out from pain right away.

Because it was almost directly affecting one’s soul.

But for Ye Qingyu, who had experienced the Heavenly lightning in order to integrate with the chaotic thunder liquid, it was simply like a drizzle of rain. Not to mention that Ye Qingyu had originally cultivated ice yuan qi. His body contained the [Supreme Ice Flame], and with one thought he could easily dissolve the ice power that had penetrated into his body.

What was more astonishing was that Ye Qingyu came to discover that the power of the treacherous cold water actually had a great benefit to him.

The power of the extremely cold water, after being dissolved by the [Supreme Ice Flame], would become the purest of inner yuan and endlessly flow towards his dantian world. It was similar to absorbing the power of a pure origin crystal.

Ye Qingyu was overjoyed.

But on his face, he revealed a pained expression.

A drop of bead of sweat slid down from Ye Qingyu's forehead.

Before coming to the water dungeon, Ye Qingyu did not know that the cold power in the water had a beneficial effect for him. It was only later when the young leader activated the cold water that he had realized. He must make the other side continuously operate the power of the cold water, which would allow him to constantly absorb the pure ice yuan qi.

That was why he pretended to be like this.

Seeing this, the grin on the face of the young leader Huang Lin grew more sinister.

He slowly crouched down at the side of the water dungeon and looked at Ye Qingyu from across the railing with an indescribable expression of ridicule, mockery, and pity across his face, as he said, “Your bones are hard, let's see how long you can last. The extreme cold of the water strengthened with the Storm seal, even an iron man will have to beg for mercy. First I’ll break your martial arts heart, then you will soon be kneeling and begging for mercy.”

As he spoke, he raised his hand repeatedly, launching three beams of light seals into the wall of the water dungeon.

The cold water in the dungeon began to bubble more frantically, almost entirely submerging Ye Qingyu.

“What are you doing? Stop... you little bastard,” Luo Yi roared, madly pounding against the prison door. As Ye Qingyu's personal bodyguard, although his strength was far below that of Ye Qingyu, his responsibility as a subordinate made him unable to watch his idol and leader in suffering, while there was nothing he could do for him.

Luo Yi frantically roared and provoked Huang Lin in an attempt to draw his attention and put the hatred onto him instead.

Huang Lin indeed turned his head round.

His eyes fell on Luo Yi, shaking his head contemptuously as a cruel smile appeared on his face, he sneered, “What is the hurry. Soon there will be a great prison officer coming to torture you. I don’t have the desire to deal with a pitiful trash like you.”

Luo Yi simply ignored the scorn and ridicule in his words.

Like a raging tiger, he frantically slammed the prison door, even breaking his skin and flesh.

Huang Lin frowned. It was a little too noisy.

Just then, Ximen Yeshui and Wen Wan, who had been very quiet and docile, suddenly jumped over and pulled Luo Yi back. One of them covered his mouth, while the other held down his arm. The two simultaneously smiled to young leader Huang Lin, saying, “Lord, this boy is crazy, we will deal with him, Lord you won't have to worry...”

Huang Lin stared at them blankly.

He saw that Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui had already began scolding Luo Yi.

“Do you want to die boy.”

“Don't cause trouble, we'll go out in a few days if we’re good. You mustn't mess with Lord.”

“You can't even protect yourself.”

“Yes, shut up and don't get us involved.”

The two firmly held down Luo Yi. Wen Wan casually fumbled around on the ground, and when he failed to find any cloth-like material, he simply took off his stinky sock, crumpled it into a ball and squeezed it into Luo Yi's mouth. He wanted to shut Luo Yi up, who knew that Luo Yi desperately spat it out.

“How could you do that?” Ximen Yeshui righteously questioned Wen Wan when he saw this scene.

With that, he grabbed a green brick in a backhand motion, and directly swung his hand towards the back of Luo Yi's head.

Luo Yi finally fainted. The struggling stopped.

“That's much simpler and straightforward,” Ximen Yeshui said triumphantly, provocatively grinning at Wen Wan.

Then he turned his head and smiled at Huang Lin outside the cell, “The trouble has been dealt with. Lord, you go on, ignore us, treat us as air, we will honestly not move.”

Outside the cell.

Huang Lin stared blankly.

He simply did not know whether to laugh or cry.

He originally thought that, these so-called Heaven Wasteland Domain elites would at least be tough. It was normal for the young man to risk his life to protect his Master, but the other two were unexpectedly so cowardly and only interested in protecting themselves? In order to please him, they had even knocked their companion unconscious?

They really were a group of lowly ants and cowardly maggots.

Huang Lin looked at the two men with disdain and ignored them completely.

He turned around and continued to strike out four or five light seals toward Ye Qingyu's dungeon stonewall.

The treacherous cold water in the water dungeon, which had calmed down, rose wildly again.

Only Ye Qingyu's face remained above the water level. His face was deathly pale, his teeth clenched, and he did not utter a word.

“As long as you beg for mercy, I'll stop and give you a break.” Huang Lin grinned at Ye Qingyu in a condescending manner, and then laughed contemptuously.

Ye Qingyu didn't respond.

Huang Lin nodded, his expression cold, “Back then an Immortal Step expert of the Young Ghost Domain, nicknamed [The Sacred One of Boulder], was also known to be stubborn. But in this water dungeon, he was just like a mad dog, kneeling on the ground crying for mercy. I do not believe that you can endure forever.”

With that, he smiled coldly, stood up, and consecutively struck out another ten light seals into the water dungeon wall.

Suddenly brilliance erupted in the water dungeon.

A number of formation markings as bright as silver were flashing frantically, indescribable power surging, and the cold water seemed to be boiling. It was as though there was a terrifying beast in the water frantically stirring the water surface. The extremely cold surging waves had already completely submerged Ye Qingyu.

Time went by.

In a blink of the eye, almost two hours had past.

In the meantime, Luo Yi had woken up two or three times, but was knocked unconscious again and again by Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui.

Huang Lin also did not know how many light seals he had issued into the water dungeon walls.

But Ye Qingyu had never opened his mouth to beg for mercy.

“How could this kid be so resilient?” He was a little puzzled.

In the blink of an eye, another hour had passed.

Ye Qingyu was still as miserable-looking, but still never opened his mouth once to beg for mercy.

Huang Lin felt a little tired.

It was not difficult to launch a light seal to activate the cold water, it was something that every Violet Gold divine guard could do.

As long as one had mastered the yuan energy operation method, each light seal could make the extremely cold water bubble for twenty seconds. However that twenty seconds of time should not be underestimated. In general, even for Immortal Step boundary experts, twenty seconds in the cold water was tantamount to circling around a sea of fire once, which was simply painful and horrifying.

Huang Lin could not remember how many light seals he had issued, but he had consumed a lot of inner yuan.

Due to Ye Qingyu's stubbornness, he simply could not feel the joy of tormenting him.

He was a little impatient.

At this time he remembered what his Uncle had said. The person behind all this wanted something from the kid. He needed to leave him alive, and must not torture him to death.

Huang Lin was in deep thought when a Violet Gold divine guard came in.

This Violet Gold divine guard whispered something to his ear. Huang Lin nodded, looked at Ye Qingyu in the water dungeon, a fierce glint flickering in his eyes. He turned and left with the Violet Gold divine guard.

The cell was suddenly quiet.

Perhaps the matter was secretive, so the cells in which Ye Qingyu and others were being held were not with the other prisoners. Therefore it was particularly quiet.

After about one hour of time.

Luo Yi woke up dazed and confused.

Ximen Yeshui instinctively swung a brick to knock him out again.

Wen Wan promptly stopped him, “Stop, don't, this kid is honest and frank, his mind is inflexible, he really will turn stupid if you hit him again... Besides, that guy with the surname Huang has gone, so there is no need to knock him out any more.”

Luo Yi felt his head spinning. When he saw the two vulgar smiling faces around him his eyes shot wide open, as he suddenly remembered what had happened before. He jumped up and hid to one side, furiously looking at Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui, “You... you guys...”

“Little Yi, don't panic.”

A familiar voice came from the other side.

Luo Yi instantly twisted his head around to see Ye Qingyu slowly floating out of the cold water.

The prohibition formation shackles on Ye Qingyu’s hands had disappeared without a trace. Not only was he not in a miserably looking state, but he was radiant as a strange glimmer of light shrouded him from head to toe. There was an indescribable unearthly elegant aura exuding from him.

“Lord, you... are okay?” Luo Yi was overjoyed.

“Haha, silly boy, what can happen to him?” Ximen Yeshui chuckled. “There was nothing to worry about. Brother Ye looked in pain, but in fact he was enjoying it a lot. If he really were tortured, he would have broken out of the cell a long time ago.”





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 679:


Chapter 697 You're Finally Here?


Ye Qingyu: "..."

Although it sounded like a compliment, it was a little distastefully put.

Wen Wan said cheerfully, "Little Yi, it seems that you don't understand your master too well, being his personal bodyguard and all. He's someone too shrewd to ever get the short end of the stick. That Captain Huangn had better go back to his mother's womb and be properly reborn first if he wants to plot against your master."

Only now did Luo Yi begin to understand what was going on.

It turned out that Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui had long discerned a few clues, and thus had to prevent him from kicking up a fuss. If that had gone on, his master's plan might have been ruined.

"Master, sorry, I..." Luo Yi lowered his head to apologize.

He felt too inadequate in various aspects and was thus a little depressed. He had not only failed to help Ye Qingyu, but had even become a bit of a burden. Though this caused him to feel terrified and pressured, it also greatly motivated him.

Ye Qingyu laughed, "Don't blame yourself. You did great and I believe you'll do even better next time."

He had a long-term plan for developing and training Luo Yi, who had only been with him for over a year and thus could not be expected to know him as well as the other two. While Luo Yi still needed to improve his cultivation and temperament, the loyalty he displayed earlier greatly moved Ye Qingyu.As as result, he became more trustful of him.

Ye Qingyu bent his fingers.

Three pale-silver beams flew out from his fingertips and swooped into the yuan-inhibiting formation shackles on the trio's hands and legs.

The shackles became ineffective at once.

As the trio flexed their wrists, their inner yuan qi surged once again.

"What's the plan? Are we gonna kill our way out?" Ximen Yeshui seemed a little restless.

Ye Qingyu shook his head, "Let's wait and see. The person I'm waiting for hasn't appeared... What's more, when I was at the bottom of the icy water just now, I found a hidden tunnel which seemed to have a few strange things in it. I'm going to dive down and have a look. For now, pretend that you're still shackled and don't alert the enemy. If the situation worsens, use this to escape."

He raised his hand as he spoke.

A pale-yellow glow landed in Wen Wan's hands.

It was actually a palm-sized stone engraved with several ancient formations.

"It'll help the three of you to escape when you inject yuan qi into the formations. It can defy all restrictions, just like the [Delimiter]." Ye Qingyu gave them several more warnings and pieces of advice before his figure gradually submerged into the chilly water and disappeared.

In the opposite cell, the trio glanced at each other, resigned to patiently waiting for the time being.

"See? Your master has exotic treasures all over his body. There's probably no one alive who can mess with him. If you run into anything next time, remember to keep calm and not be so rash. Learn from your master's deviousness and shamelessness, that way you can be of better help to him." Wen Wan laid comfortably on the wooden bed while raising and crossing his legs.

Luo Yi: "..."

"Since when has Lord Ye been devious and shameless?" he retorted.

Ximen Yeshui guffawed, "You've only just joined him. During the old times, we broke into the Formation Emperor Luoso's suspicious palaces together, where he killed god-knows-how-many martial experts... you're still too young."

…

The maximum depth of the chilly water was only two meters or so.

Ye Qingyu had dived to the bottom earlier while pretending to be suffering in the boiling frigid water.

It was at that moment that he accidentally discovered a highly concealed small hole at the furthest end of the cell. Its diameter was less than half a meter, and from it, frigid water continually surged out into the cell. Furthermore, he could clearly feel that the water which surged out of the hole contained a relatively strong power of chill.

Of course, most importantly, he saw several extremely peculiar groove marks on the margins of the hole.

These groove marks, being extremely ordinary and disorganized, looked like they were nature's creation at first sight. However, Ye Qingyu acutely felt a highly obscure force emanating non-stop from them. If not for his spiritual cultivation which had attained the pinnacle of the Immortal step realm, as well as his training in the mural space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], he would perhaps have overlooked this peculiarity.

He then tried to divide his consciousness power so as to explore the depths of the secret hole.

At that time, he felt a wonderful yet familiar aura which he found hard to believe would appear in such a place.It seemed to defy logic and reason.

This was why he dove down a second time.

When he reached the mouth of the secret hole, he focused his vision and observed carefully.

"These groove marks aren't simple and are definitely not naturally formed. They could be Great Emperor Formationss... This is Sunrise City after all, and legend has it that the Storm Martial Emperor once put down void demonic beasts here. It's certainly possible that these are formations the Storm Martial Emperor left behind."

The more he looked, the more shocked he became.

He could sense a vague Great Dao aura.

He got as close as he could to this secret hole and indeed felt an obscure pressure and a faint repellent force.

For a time long enough to completely burn out an incense stick, he made many failed attempts to dispel the force from the groove marks using the [Supreme Ice Flame].

Just as he was about to give up, he activated the power of the chaotic thunder liquid and made his final attempt. An intriguing change abruptly occurred. When the power of thunder and lightning appeared, the repellent force instantly disappeared and silver light began to faintly circulate on the groove marks. He then felt a subtle and intimate aura emanating from within the secret hole.

"Hmm, the repellent force from the groove marks can be dispelled by chaotic thunder liquid? Could it be..."

Ye Qingyu's eyes brightened.

Chaotic thunder liquid was a legacy of the then-Lightning Emperor Qin Ming, and it contained a strand of his extremely demonic laws and will. Meanwhile, the groove marks were likely related to the Storm Martial Emperor. These two people were both human martial emperors. Was it possible that their powers and wills could not come into close contact with each other's?

Without thinking too much, Ye Qingyu circulated his yuan qi and displayed his secret technique.

His figure abruptly shrank a few notches at the very next instant. Becoming the size of a two- or three-year-old toddler, he crawled into the diminutive hole.

The hole's inner diameter was more or less the same, and it sloped downward in a fairly straight line. Several hundred meters in, he saw bright light ahead.

An incomparably huge underground lake appeared in front of his eyes.

It seemed like a boundless underground expanse of pitch-black chilly water. Ye Qingyu could see no further than a kilometer even as he strained his eyes.

There were few signs of life in the water if any at all, and certainly no fishes, shrimps, or the like.

Ye Qingyu's figure returned to normal, after which he began to operate the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] and transformed into a dragon. He immediately felt an indescribable comfort and freedom, like he was a duck to water or even a dragon to sea.

After the transformation, he could clearly sense everything within the surrounding water world and could detect that terrifying energy was contained within the chilly water. This energy became stronger the closer it got to the central region of the underground lake.

"This underground lake has a vast expanse. This could mean that it's all chilly water beneath the entire Sunrise City. And the energy grows stronger as I get nearer to the lake's center... hmm? Could there be some treasure there?"

As soon as he thought of this, his dragon body rapidly zipped through the water toward the central region.

"What a strong pressure..."

He suddenly discovered that the nearer he got to the central region, the more he felt an immense power which came head-on. It tautened his skin and bones, multiplied the water pressure upon him, and caused him to feel a dull pain.

After several dozen breaths, he finally arrived in front of the central region.

"That's..."

He simply could not believe his eyes.

Approximately a hundred meters away, a soft aquamarine light sparkled and circulated within the chilly water, illuminating an area of one kilometer in circumference. A figure was sitting cross-legged and suspended up high at the centermost area of this light.

The pressure he had felt earlier emanated from this very figure.

Now that he was fairly close to it, he could ever more feel it’s terrible might.

In his dragon form, his body's battle strength was peerlessly powerful, yet he still felt as if a huge divine mountain was pressing upon his body, causing his muscles to deform and his bones to emit a crisp clicking noise as if they were whining and could explode and fracture at any time.

"Who's that?"

Ye Qingyu was bewildered.

This was simply too astonishing.

He had never felt such a terrifying aura before.

Even the awakened million-year-old spirit back then, or the pressure generated when Old Fish showed off the quasi-emperor-level spirit, was not as terrifying as the mysterious figure in front of him.

He saw that there seemed to be ten thousand beams of divine light radiating from this figure.

By this time, he could already confirm that the strong and pure energy in the chilly water was related to this figure.

He slowly approached it while circulating his inner yuan at an insane rate. He then shot forth a dazzling divine light from his pupils, increasing his vision to its maximum level, so as to look at the figure's appearance in detail.

He could indistinctly see that the figure was wearing a primitive and simple green robe. Its thick long hair, which was pale-green in color and dozens of meters long, hung down all around its body and scattered in the water like a flower in full bloom or a burning green flame. The figure's face could not be seen precisely because the scattered long hair was covering it.

Ye Qingyu wanted to get even closer.

Just then, a weird change occurred.

Two beams of divine radiance, accompanied by a violent power, abruptly shot forth from under the mysterious person's long hair and shrouded Ye Qingyu at once.

Although they were merely eye beams, Ye Qingyu lost control of his body as soon as they shrouded him. A terrifying and invisible force seemed to have stopped his body clock, rendering him unable to move an inch.

A frosty killing intent surged forth at that instant.

Ye Qingyu had a premonition that his body, which seemed as weak as paste in front of this killing intent, would melt and disintegrate in a flash...  The shadow of death was coming and yet he was utterly unable to rouse any intent of resistance in his heart, and thus could only close his eyes and wait to die.

However, the killing intent abruptly retreated and disappeared the next moment.

Ye Qingyu's body could move once again.

The suddenness of these changes made everything seem but a dream.

"You're... finally here?"

A gentle yet dignified voice sounded.

It felt like a spring breeze caressing his face.





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 680:


Chapter 698 - Shangguan Wu


His control over his body instantly returned to him.

Astounded like never before, he looked up high at the immensely radiant mysterious figure.

Although the changes which occurred a moment ago made him aware of how horrifying it was, they also told him that the figure probably bore no malice toward him, or he would already be a dead man otherwise.

The strength of this figure was too incredible.

Ye Qingyu would certainly not be able to escape even if he chose to at this moment.

He thus decided to stay put.

Of course, the most shocking thing to him was the figure's utterance of "You're finally here".
If I'm not mistaken, those words were meant for me... What's going on, how does this strange person know me?

A beam of divine light suddenly flashed through his mind.

Could this strange figure actually be... the million-year-old spirit from the old snow dragon den?

The last time we met, he said he was going to find a few things and regain his strength.

Could he have regained his strength and thereby became so terribly powerful?

Countless ideas flashed through his mind in an instant.

"Elder... you're..." he probed.

However, the mysterious figure did not answer directly.

A long sigh sounded in Ye Qingyu's ears.

It was an incomparably bizarre sigh which seemed to encompass the emotions of countless eras and spacetimes. The complexity of the sentiments within caused anyone who heard it to feel dizzy.

Ye Qingyu had no choice but to utilize the nameless breathing technique to withstand the influence of these emotions on himself.

The strength and stage of the mysterious figure were indeed terrifying to the extreme. Though the sigh might not have been deliberately aimed at him, the will and sentiment it contained nearly caused him to collapse. It was thus evident that the strength disparity between him and the figure was exceedingly large.

A period of long silence.

Ye Qingyu did not know what to do.

He was a little uncertain.

The mysterious figure seemed to be related to the million-year-old spirit but was not quite the same, such as with regard to its aura.

Its strength had exceeded the range of what Ye Qingyu could measure.

"Elder, were you talking to me?" Ye Qingyu once again tried asking.

"Yes," a warm voice rang out.

The figure finally replied.

Shocked, Ye Qingyu asked further, "Elder... were you waiting for me? You know me?"

"No, I don't know you." The figure sat high up in the chilly water, wreathed in light and illuminating its surroundings while its long green hair undulated with the currents, giving it the look of a saint. Its warm and gentle voice sounded like that of a kindly elder.

Ye Qingyu choked.

He felt unsure whether to laugh or cry.

If you don't know me, then why would you be waiting for me?

As though it had read Ye's thoughts, the figure voiced once more, "I recognized your body's aura... you've come a little later than planned."

Ye Qingyu re-entered into a confused state.

Why do these great figures always talk so ambiguously?

But before he asked anything else, a beam of green flowing light shot out from the figure's palm and zapped in between his eyebrows without him being able to respond.

He subconsciously raised a hand to feel in between his eyebrows but felt nothing.

The next moment, a faint cooling sensation emanated from his sea of consciousness.

Subconsciously introspecting, he discovered that a green, gentle breeze had been added to his sea of consciousness.

It was gradually wafting like a strand of hair and was not subject to his control. Upon feeling it carefully, he discovered that it contained an unbelievably terrifying strength which he had no doubt would turn him into a cloud of green smoke if it broke out.

"Rhythm of wind, infinite paths of enlightenment, Ninth Heaven in time, Ninth Hell in time... I've given you the Dao foundation according to the agreement back then. The road ahead is under your own feet. Don't... disappoint us!"

The figure's voice once again sounded.

Ye Qingyu abruptly felt an invisible force pouring upon him despite him having more to say. His vision blurred as the incomparably radiant figure rapidly shrank in front of his eyes…

He lost consciousness the next moment.

When he woke up, he discovered that the scene had completely changed. He was back inside the water cell, while the secret hole at the bottom of the chilly water, as well as the surrounding groove marks, had disappeared. Everything had become very strange. He would have thought it all was just an overly unrealistic dream if it was not for the fact that the hair-like green wind still remained within his sea of consciousness.

He gradually surfaced out of the water.

Opposite the water cell.

Luo Yi, whose nerves had remained on edge throughout, rejoiced wildly when Ye Qingyu appeared, "My lord, you're back... are you alright?"

Behind him, Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui were soundly asleep.

"I'm fine." Ye Qingyu smiled and nodded. "How long has passed?"

Luo Yi was well prepared for this one, and thus quickly replied, "Six hours have gone by since you dove into the water. Based on the time we arrived, it'll be day outside shortly. We won't make it for the test if we don't get out soon."

Such a long time has passed?

Ye Qingyu was surprised.

He had felt that it took him no more than an hour to reach the underground lake and encounter that mysterious figure. Now that such a long time actually elapsed, the plan had to be tweaked some. They could not remain here for much longer, or otherwise, the all-important grading of the Heaven Wasteland Domain would be held up.

"Have the Violet Gold divine guards come by since I left?" Ye asked.

Luo Yi replied, "No, that Captain Huang hasn't returned... Based on my careful observation, there's a large gate outside guarded by aces among the Violet Gold divine guards. We'll have to get past at least eighteen checkpoints to escape..."

Ye Qingyu nodded.

Taking a step forward, he directly emerged from the water cell in a flash.

Neither the stone walls of the cell nor the formations within the bars could stop him in any way.

"Still sleeping, wake up." Ye Qingyu struck Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui with a burst of qi each, and only then did the two bums get up most reluctantly.

"Are we going just like that?" Ximen Yeshui yawned. "This isn’t your style. Before we go, shouldn't we wait for that scumbag captain to return so that we can teach him a proper lesson and take our revenge and anger out on him?"

"Indeed," Wen Wan added. "I loathe that little man and haven't beat him up yet. It'll feel terrible if we just go."

"This matter surely won't end here. We'll get our chance sooner or later ." Ye Qingyu was also somewhat unappeased and had not found out who the mastermind was, but time was short. It would not be too late to settle this after the domain ratng was over.

"Let's go."

He took the jade formation stone from Wen Wan and activated the formations on it.

A bright light flashed and shrouded the quartet, who vanished on the spot.

…

Daybreak.

The first rays of dawn were spreading from the horizon which had turned a fish-belly white.

The camp was found in a hectic state when the quartet returned. Yu Xiaoxing and The rest finally felt relieved when they saw the returning men, having waited and been worried the whole night.

After some preparations, the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps proceeded to the Violet Gold divine residence, save for a small section which stayed back to guard the camp.

They arrived in front of the residence while the sunrise was still at its initial stage.

They were earlier than scheduled by roughly the time for an incense stick to burn out.

Someone went forth to report their arrival.

A moment later, the person who received him the day before, Shangguan Wu, came out of the residence and invited the contingent in.

The Violet Gold divine residence was the Sunrise City's main mansion where successive generations of city lords had resided. It occupied a large land area and was separated into the front court, the middle court, the inner residence, and the back garden. The courts were official zones and were patrolled and guarded by Violet Gold divine guards. The inner residence was the private grounds of the mansion master. Lastly, the back garden was rarely entered, and was rumored to be where the Storm Martial Emperor had self-isolated and cultivated. It was thus a forbidden area in Sunrise  City.

"Everyone, the Wall of Storm is deep in the middle court, please follow me," Shangguan Wu said, laughing.

Ye Qingyu only now discovered that this youthful-looking martial expert had extremely high-status within the Violet Gold divine residence. He was one of the three elders of the middle court and was concurrently the deputy commander of the Violet Gold divine guards. His name was also very well-known throughout Sunrise City.

Most significantly, he was one of the chief examiners of this test.

"Lord Shangguan, thanks for your hard work," said Ye Qingyu.

Shangguan Wu very politely replied, "You flatter me. As fellow humans, these are things I should do. I was delighted when I heard some time back that a new domain led by humans had been found, and have since been looking forward to this day. I've also heard several of your stories, including the battle of the Clear River Domain and the turnaround in the Flowing Light City. Many elders within the Domain Alliance have high expectations of you."

The contingent became excited when they heard these words.

Ye Qingyu was the pillar of this envoy mission. For him to receive the recognition and praise of someone of Shangguan Wu's status was ennobling to every Heaven Wasteland being.

"Flattery, Lord Shangguan."

Ye Qingyu was also a little surprised that Shangguan Wu knew him fairly well.

However, he had an alternative thought. Being the deputy commander of the Violet Gold divine guards, and paying this much attention to him, it was possible that Shangguan Wu was the mastermind directing the young cavalry leader. But, then again, Shangguan Wu was not acquainted with him previously.

Ye Qingyu could not confirm this.

After passing through various long corridors and four fairly large martial arts arenas, they came to a yellow stone wall of a dozen or so meters. In the upper part of an arched gate in the middle of the stone wall, there was a rock plaque engraved with the words [Gate of Storm] in Fiendgod script. The words contained a supreme qi which made one afraid to look at the plaque for too long.

Four fully-equipped experts from the Violet Gold divine guards stood at the gate. They had each reached the Immortal step realm, and their posture was firm and stern.

"We're here." Shangguan Wu looked back and smiled. "Behind the gate is the test site of the Wall of Storm. Another examiner and other staff are already inside. Let's head in."

Another examiner?

There's a second examiner?

Ye Qingyu was slightly surprised.





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

