Chapter 389:


Ye Qingyu sighed.

Was this the brutal fate of these martial artists?

To be played around by the noble and powerful.

These martial artists must have been people with talent to be able to cultivate to the fifty or sixty Spirit springs stage. However they were ultimately forced to become flesh puppets, tools for someone to use. They must have been unwilling, but how could they avoid this. Even if they resented this even more, what could this do?

Ye Qingyu grew increasingly furious regarding the person controlling everything from behind the scene.

Therefore when he acted, he no longer showed any mercy.

"I'll release you all."

Wit a loud shout, the might of the [Dragon Fist] completely exploded. Everywhere the powerful force of the fist passed, there would be countless black armoured figures exploding and dying.

The fresh blood from these corpses would turn into a river that flowed from all directions. Such blood was completely ingested cleanly by the tentacles of light manifested by the killing formation.

After absorbing the blood essence that were like a fountain, the tentacles of light that were all throughout the ground madly began drawing out the killing formation that was not yet completed. It seemed that three quarters of this formation had already been created.

The black armoured death warriors remained, although their comrades were already piled up like a mountain, there was still not the slightest hint of fear in their eyes. Blood had already completely filled their eyes, that they would fight to their last breaths. They rushed like moths to a flame towards Ye Qingyu. Evidently, they had ingested some sort of medicine that made them lose all reason.

As the number of black armoured people in the killing formaiton grew less and less, the corpses beneath Ye Qingyu's feet grew more and more. The ground of the killing formation was covered by sticky blood, dyeing it completely red. It seeped into the ground, and even dried up earth transformed into mud!

After ten of breaths.

All the black armoured death warriros had died in battle.

Ye Qingyu's eyes were like lightning as he swept his surroundings.

"You're still not scramming out, all your dogs have been slaughtered."

There was a hoarse voice sounding out "tut tut" accompanied by a disdainful laugh. "You are the [War God]. This is only the appetizer. There is still more coming..."

The voice was faint, and there was no way of determinng the location of the speaker.

But Ye Qingyu frowned. His brain kept dwelling on this familiar voice, and suddenly a thought surged across his mind. "Could it be young master Du from the Imperial Du household? Such a voice is similar to young master Du a little bit... but it's not exactly the same!"

There was instantlythe image of young master Du as well as his voice appearing in Ye Qingyu's mind.

"Similar! Really similar! Just who could he be?"

Ye Qingyu constantly guessed in his heart, but there was no way to be sure.

At this time the sinister voice of that person in the darkess amongst the killing formation once again sounded out. It's location was still unable to be determined -----

"Fine, let's end the appetizer. This is the main course. Hahaha, [War God], enjoy it to your utmost.“

There was a madness and cruelty wihtin the voice that gave a sensation that it was a wild beast who had lost reason uttering such words.

Within the black surging mists, there was suddenly a change occurring.

A series of heavy footsteps sounded, like thunder striking. Everyone's heart lost a beat.

Very quickly, a muscular and brutish figure was drawn out in the black mist, that ultimately clearly papeared in front of Ye Qingyu.

It was a bald man. Just solely from his figure alone, he was taller than Ye Qingyu by at least three heads. He held a blood red huge axe in his hands, and the muscles on his chest were sturdy and exploded out. Clearly, he had terrifying power.

His gaze regarded Ye Qingyu ferociously. Everytime his eyes met Ye Qingyu, there was a viciousness that would be exposed. The aura surrounding him was extremely tyrannical.

Within the eyes of this muscular man there was an emotionless light flickering within. It was as if there were two blood pools that were so deep you could not see the bottom. His aura was like a wild beast, and his strength was many time greater than the black armoured death warriors. He was at least a Bitter Sea stage existence.

Furthermore, Ye Qingyu could sense on the body of this muscular man the killing aura that came from a machine.

He had more life when compared to those black armoured death warriors. But without question, he was also also a form of human puppet tool.

A Bitter Sea stage expert becoming a flesh puppet formation tool?

Ye Qingyu was hiddenly surprised in his heart.

Just what sort of existence had lured him here today?

Even in the capital, there should not be many people able to bring out so many human flesh formation puppets with such strength.

The Du household absolutely did not have this ability.

Could it be the Right Minster?

Or the Imperial family?

There was a shadow casted over Ye Qingyu's heart.

But within his eyes, there was a dense battle will flickering within.

No matter who it was, since they extended their fangs and claws towards him, then they must make preparations for losing it.

When he completely eradicated these killing human machines, it would be a question whether that person would still be as patient as to hide in the darkness.

As such a thought occurred to him, Ye Qingyu could no longer wait. He acted.

Boom!

The power of the [Dragon Fist] exploded, the flame of his fist like a light pillar.

Opposite.

The bald muscular man seemed to have been completely provoked and enraged by Ye Qingyu.

There was an extremely vicious killing intent emitting from those terrifying blood pool like eyes. There was strange and evil blood patterns flickering on his body that had unreal muscles, as if they had came alive at this instant. They exploded with a power like the blood sea, the blood axe in the hands causing a mad berserk bloody wind.

This bloody gust transformed, turning into a hurricane that swirled with great force towards Ye Qingyu!

Within the hurricane, there were thousands upon thousands of swords moving about. The power of the Bitter Sea stage was demonstrated completely.

Everywhere this bloody wind passed, the corpses on the ground, stones, rocks, or ancient branches , it all turned into powder!

Meat paste, crushed rocks as well as fresh blood swept about in the skies in all directions, causing a shocking scene.

Facing this bloody hurricane, Ye Qingyu did not fear in the slightest. HIs figure did not move, like a bell. When the bloody hurricane was right in front of him, he struck with his fist.

The roar of dragons.

"Boom boom!

With such a powerful strength, there was a clear fist apparent in the air that appeared, the size of half a person. It struck directly against the blood hurricane.

The powerful currents that contained wind blades, fists spread about everywhere. Like blossoms scattering, it split apart and struck the light barrier, letting off ripple after ripple with Ye Qingyu at the center. Everything tens of meters away from him, corpses, rocks, was completely destroyed by the resounding impact!

Suddenly!

Within the bloody hurricane that was scattering, there was a golden glimmer that was shaped like a bloody moon, striking towards Ye Qingyu's head.

Such a power was like splitting apart a mountain. If he was struck, Ye Qingyu would definitely turn into two pieces.

"Somewhat interesting!" Ye Qingyu let out a cold snort. His left leg fiercely struck the ground. The next moment, there was a clear gust of wind appearing, and his figure moved, agilely avoiding the bloody axe.

He stuck probingly with both his fists, a transparent air current forming around his fists. The power of the dragon fists were not in any way less than that of the blood axe of this man.

With the force of dual fists, he struck to kill towards the head of this muscular man.

"Ping!

The powerful force of the blood axe caused there to be a three meter axe scar where Ye Qingyu was originally standing. The glimmer from the axe crushed everything, causing the scar of the axe to last as far as to the ancient buddhist temple tens of meters away.

But it had not hurt Ye Qingyu in the slightest.

"Che Che!"

Ye Qingyu pressed both his fists together. One left, one right, it was like two dragons had been born that struck at the chest of the muscular man near his left arm.

But at the crucial moment, a strange change occurred.

Within the killing formation, there was a dense killing intent that was so chilly that it could freeze one's heart.

Such a killing intent completey enshrouded Ye Qingyu.

The moment he struck with his fists, Ye Qingyu could feel a cold feeling attacking him. His body froze, and there was cold qi everywhere within his body. The power of his dual fists had already shortened by over half.

But even with the fall in the strength of Ye Qingyu's [Dragon Fist], but was not something the muscular man could block...

"Kacha!"

A series of dull muffled sounds of bone cracking emitted from the left arm of the muscular man. He let out a grunt, and his body that was like a steel wall retreated several meters before stabilizing his figure.

His entire left arm was already in a strange position where it looked snapped.

Ye Qingyu frowned, staring at this muscular man. "If not for the killing formation, that punch was enough to instantly take your life."

The ice yuan qi fluctuated within his body. t that instant, he turned the killing aura that had seeped into his body into nothing.

Opposite.

The facial features of that muscular man twisted. Evidently, he felt pain. But as the blood red formation flickered on his body, the broken arm instantly recovered. There was not the slightest of wounds left behind.

Ye Qingyu was surprised at seeing this.

"For a Bitter Sea stage expert, their flesh bodies are so strong that they can recover instantly from most wounds. But an injury such as a broken arm, they need at least tens of breaths to recover from. It also expends a lot of yuan qi. For him to instantly heal, it must be something to do with the blood red patterns... This is strange. This human flesh formation tool must not be treated as a normal expert. Unless I destroy the core formations, he is an existence that cannot be destroyed. Thsi is troublesome."

Within the scattered books in White Deer Academy, Ye Qingyu had once read rumours regarding these battle puppets created using the formation arts.

But normal formation puppets were made from metal or stone. One had to use extremely high smithing and refining arts before it could be completed. It was extremely difficult, and the materials used were also expensive. Only those true top families of the Empire or perhaps powerful sects could create such a thing.

Using someone's body as material and creating a flesh puppet formation tool from this was comparatively easy.

But such a method was incomparably evil and was forbidden under the laws of the Empire.

But such a restriction was only something to be seen on the surface by normal people. There were many noble families that hiddenly did such an evil thing. At first they used death row prisoners, then they progressed to capturing vagabond cultivators...

The power of this bald muscular man was at least at the peak of the Spirit spring stage. He had taken half a step into the Bitter Sea stage. When he was further refined into a human flesh puppet formation tool, his strength had further increased and he had taken a step into the Bitter Sea stage.

Such evil arts, had some strange similarities to that Yan Buhui of the Demon Race who had inserted a demon bone into his own body.

"But a machine is still a machine. It has the ability to do battle, but lacks true intelligence during battle. Even if his body is indestructible, but it only has brute strength. It cannot create a miracle. But such an opponent is hard to come by. Why don't I use it to try out new martial techniques, especially the newly obtained [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra].”

Ye Qingyu slowly formed a plan in his heart---

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 390:


If he exploded with his full strength, it was enough to completely crush this muscular puppet into pieces.

But if he acted like that and exposed his true strength, the matters today would not end successfully. He could perhaps get out and retreat safely, but this would implicate [Avalanche]. It was best to maintain the situation and numb the opponent. If he was able to capture the position of that cold sinister person hidden within the formation, then perhaps there would be a chance to break through this situation tonight.

"If I knew it was like this, I would have brought the silly dog Little Nine tonight. The nose of that fellow is really sensitive, it's possible he could find out where the mastermind is."

Ye Qingyu was somewhat regretful.

Xiu!

There was the sound of air being pierced.

The bald muscular formation puppet who had recovered once again used his huge axe to attack.

Lightning flickered out from Ye Qingyu's body. He fiercely took a step on the ground, and this stride was as if it caused heaven and earth to collapse. A vast power emitted from Ye Qingyu's leg that dispersed in the air all around, collapsing and causing a piercing and explosive noise.

"Phew!"

In a split second, Ye Qingyu had already charged tens of meters forward, jumping to the air above the head of the muscular man.

"Open!"

This fist that was like thunder was as if it encompassed everything.

The force that was released form both his fists rumbled, charging forward like a tide. When the [Dragon Fist] mantra was cultivated to the extreme, the powerful aura it created was enough to split apart metal and crush stones!

The blood light coming from the eyes of the muscular puppet was like a waterfall. His battle instinct exploded, and he reacted extremely quickly. After his huge axe struck nothing, his axe struck upwards and attacked again, both arms striking at a curvature that was impossible for a normal person to do so.

"Boom!"

Ye Qingyu's fist landed directly on the edge of the blade of the blood red axe.

At that instant, the terrifying power contained within his right fist was fully transferred out, striking directly on the blade of the huge axe!

"Yong!"

A deep, dull noise emitted from the axe. There was a part of the axe that was sunk in, with the startling image of a fist-shaped lump!

That muscular man was currently as if he was in the claws of a terrifying demon. The huge power rebounding from the blood axe caused the blood red pattern on him to flicker. If he was a true person, in that single strike alone, it would case the blood in his chest to rumble and he would spit blood. Even his internal organs would shift locations as a result of the force of that blow!

"Pugh!"

The muscular man could not help but retreat tens of steps. The hands that he used to tightly grip onto the axe was already torn apart, fresh blood dripping. But the blood that dripped out was faintly black, as if there was some sort of dye that tainted the axe.

"Hou Hou Hou!"

There was a light that was like the flow of blood from deep within his eyes, as he let out an enraged roar.

"Haha, what are you roaring at?" Ye Qingyu lightly walked forwards, "It seems like the effects of your main course is somewhat weak..."

These words were adressed to the mastermind behind everything.

"Kekekeke... really? Then enjoy it, be careful, kekeke, don't stuff yourself," the icy and poisonous voice once again sounded out.

Ye Qingyu's ear moved.

He was carefully examining the location of the person who spoke.

This was the most crucial part of breaking through this situation.

In truth, at this time, the person that was hidden was also shocked.

He was clear in his own heart just how strong the muscular formation puppet tool was. But he had not imagined that it would be completely suppressed by [War God].

From his perspective, the cultivation of the bald puppet could not be compared to Ye Qingyu. But brute strength was the speciallity of this puppet and it possessed natural herculean strength. For a cultivator at the same stage, if they fought directly using strength, they were looking to die!

But the power emitted by Ye Qingyu's fists had already largely exceeded his imagination. It was even so that he could not be compared to it.

"Haha, just how many of such puppets do you have? To look at stuff that you've painstakingly created to be destroyed just like that, it must pain your heart, hahaha..." Ye Qingyu shouted loudly.

Before he had even finished.

Both his legs stepped through the air. The body that had not even reached the ground yet suddenly fiercely twisted. A mad and berserk force reverberated through him. Stepping through the air, he was like a bolt of lightning that struck to kill towards the muscular man.

The secret of the [Dragon Fist], was in the momentum!

Ye Qingyu's power had originally far exceeded the musclar man. Furthermore, the angle at which he struck was already enough to cause someone to be confused. Under such a mighty onslaught of power, the power he exploded with far exceeded someone's imagination.

"Xiu Xiu Xiu!"

Boh his fists constantly struck like raindrops.

This was the first time that Ye Qingyu used the [Dragon Fist] mantra with his full power.

There was silver-coloured divine dragon mirages dancing in the air, accompanied by the roar of dragons piercing through the air. The light of the fists caused there to be countless illusions and mirages occuring within the sky. At this moment, it was as if Ye Qingyu had grown hundreds of arms. These hundreds of fists all madly stuck towards all the vitals of the muscular man!

Quick!

Too quick!

"Che Che Che Che!"

There was constantly the dull sound of bones cracking all over the body of the muscular man.

With Ye Qingyu's speed and power right now, it had already exceeded the limit at which the formation puppet tool could react.

The arm, stomach and knee, all sorts of vital points, had received thousands of attacks from Ye Qingyu like a rainstorm in but the short space of a few breaths. His body was about to be completely broken apart by Ye Qingyu!

The axe in his hands had already shattered into two, with the face of the axe completely dented in. It was riddled with fist imprints from Ye Qingyu's fists, posing a shocking sight!

In the face of such a torrential rainstorm-like offence, he was like a cloth doll. Every single one of his movements was slow, as if he was in slow motion. He could not follow Ye Qingyu's rate at all.

He could only be hit, be hit and then be hit.

"Cough, cough!"

After several hundred fists, there was the sounds of death coming from the formation puppet. He had incomparable strength, but he could not even cause the slightest of harm on Ye Qingyu. He was not able to block such a terrifying offensive, and the bones in his legs were completely shattered by Ye Qingyu. With a plop, he knelt on the ground.

"Gurgle, gurgle..." The muscular man lay on the ground.

There was a faint black liquid that was like oil seeping from the corner of his mouth. In his eyes that was blood red and deep like a lake, there was a confused red light staring at Ye Qingyu. He opened his mouth to say something, but only a mouth of blood and flesh came out.

"Chilah!" The eyes of the man turned scarlet red, displaying his last sign of madness.

The blood red pattern all around his body like a tattoo started madly flickering. His whole body seemed to double in size, trying to madly muster his last breath. He used his right fist to strike at the Ye Qingyu in front of him. The tyrannical power contained in that massive fist, was so strong it nearly compressed and broke apart space. He wanted to die together with him!

"I'll give you release."

Ye Qingyu's face was cold, his gaze calm.

The [Dragon Fist] struck again!

"Ho!"

The instant that Ye Qingyu struck with his right fist, there was an explosive sound like a dragon's roar, shaking the entire killing formation.

But at that crucial moment ---

"Xiu..."

Within the killing formation, there were tentacles after tentacles of light that appeared soundlessly behind Ye Qingyu, wanting to enter into his body.

An extreme cold aura instantly enveloped Ye Qingyu.

But Ye Qingyu had long made preparations for this and readied his defences.

There was a layer of faint [Supreme Ice Flame] that flashed by, and that icy killing aura from the killing formation was instantly gone.

That killing formation did not interupt Ye Qingyu in the slightest.

"Boom!"

The two fists met.

The two fists caused there to be mad waves resounding thorughout the air. With a force that thunder could not be compared to, it surged forward in all directions, casing all the corpses to be blown away.

"Kacha! Kacha!"

There was the sound of bones breaking on the arms of the muscular man. HIs fist could be seen bending at a visible speed, the bones within it shattering completely into powder. His entire fist turned into powder that was discernible to the eye, like he was a statue of sand.

Ultimatley, he was sent flying by Ye Qingyu's fist.

"Pugh!"

The next instant, the muscular man fell harshly to ground.

"Gurgle…”

He did his utmost to struggle to sit up.

There was a blood red light that appeared in his pupils, slowly disappearing.

His eyes were empty like two deep pits, not saying anything.

But the killing intent and madness within his face seemed to gradually fade. Little by little, the expression on his face returned to normal.

"Cough, cough..." This was the first a human-like voice emitted from his throat, "I... cough, cough... I'm... finally... free... I stood... and died... Thanks to you."

Before he had even finished.

Boom!

The blood red patterns on him urgently and madly flickered, then his entire body exploded.

That undying monster had finally been eliminated.

There was not any expression of joy after a battle on Ye Qingyu's face----in truth, defeating a human flesh puppet formation tool was not a significant achievement for Ye Qingyu. It could not be counted as anything. More importantly, Ye Qingyu understood the broken words of the bald puppet formation tool.

Evidently, at the last moment, he had recovered some of his intelligence.

Without question, this flesh puppet tool was a victim of some evil arts. He had not received such evil arts of his own initiative. At the last moment of his death, he had finally been released. The reason why he forcefully stood up was because he had the dignity of an expert. He wanted to die standing, so he thanked Ye Qingyu for achieving his aim of release.

The bald man was someone's child, was perhaps someone's husband, or someone's father...

The rage in Ye Qingyu's heart rose to the extreme.

Just who was it that dared to use such evil arts to cause harm to others within the Capital?

"If the power of the Empire is one day in my hands, I will definitely eradicate all wrongdoings within the Empire. No matter whether it is the nobles or the sects, I will make them experience the harms they've caused others a hundred times over."

Ye Qingyu swore hiddenly in his heart.

"Keke..." The person hidden within the formation, let out a strange weird smile. "Powerful, powerful. The title [War God] is really not just for show.“

"If you are really so amazing then scram out. I swear on my name, I will definitely kill you." Ye Qingyu's voice was the like the resonation of a massive copper bell, echoing throughout the heavens.

As if he could sense Ye Qingyu's will, the killing intent within the killing formation that was originally like a stagnant pond started to rumble.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 391:


Within the darkness, that person fell faintly silent then burst into laughter.

"Haha, good, very good. It was originally a situation where you end up dead or I die. If you want to kill me, then first survive. In truth, [War God], you've really made me too expectant. If I manage to capture you and turn you into a human flesh formation tool puppet, then do you think you will be able to challenge Heaven Ascension stage experts? Wahahaha..."

The reason this person painstakingly planned so much was not just to solely kill Ye Qingyu.

He wanted to transform him into a formation tool puppet after capturing Ye Qingyu.

With Ye Qingyu's cultivation, he could be absolutely regarded as the ideal material for a formation puppet. If he was turned into a formation puppet and used as a tool for war, his power would exceed imagination. Even if he was exchanged for tens of the bald formation puppets, this was absolutely worth it.

It was no wonder that this person would be willing to invest so much.

Ye Qingyu had nothing to say.

He had always silently tried to discern the position of that person. It was a pity, however, that with the mysteriousness of the killing formation, with Ye Qingyu's current cultivation, he could not detect the position of that person hidden in the darkness.

"The third battle... begins. Hahaha, [War God], enjoy it fully, kekekeke..."

As these words were said, within the killing formation, the restriction light within the formation surged, emitting ripples. A faint figure suddenly began to form within the light screen, forming into a silhouette. Ultimately, it transformed into a person wearing green clothing with a blade clenched in his hand, his face wearing a golden ghost mask.

Ye Qingyu's eye's raised, sensing the aura emitting from that person.

"It's another person who was half a step into the Bitter Sea stream stage who has been transformed into a puppet tool. But this one seems to have different attributes to the previous one, who followed the power path..."

Xiu.

The air flows grew chaotic.

Without saying anymore, the green-clothed golden masked man charged forward with his blade. The speed of his figure was extreme and angled; like a poisonous viper he moved left and right, forming a z-shaped angle of attack. With the speed of lightning, he had already encircled behind Ye Qingyu.

Extreme speed.

"Xiu!"

As the blade chopped down, it struck towards Ye Qingyu's waist.

There was a mirage occurring from the shadow of the blade. From it's speed and power, if this struck, Ye Qingyu would be split apart in two!

"So it was a formation puppet that specializes in speed..." Ye Qingyu was cool and calm.

His gaze flitted left and right, sensing the acute wind attacking from behind him. Without even looking, his left leg suddenly shifted. At that moment, his body constricted and all the muscles in his whole body moved as one, as if a gigantic anaconda had formed.

"Xiu!”

Ye Qingyu's figure moved slighty, moving to the left just several inches, not any more.

That blade seemed to have just passed by Ye Qingyu's body, nearly touching it as it passed by. It could not even move a single strand of his hair.

"Such a speed is no different from [Flowing Light] at his peak state.”

Ye Qingyu made such a judgement.

The next instant, the green-clothed person attacked once again.

HIs high speed movements caused mirage after mirage to apear in the air.

The bladesmanship of that green-clothed person was extremely strange. The blade in his hands was like a viperas it struck viciously. Using high speed, he flickered throughout the formation, encircling around Ye Qingyu. Everywhere his blade passed by, it pressured Ye Qingyu's vitals at acute angles, posing a troublesome threat.

Ye Qingyu coldly sneered.

He was not rushing to finish his opponent... Observing the changes in the killing formation, he used speed to fight against speed. HIs feet rapidly touched the ground, running about like lightning. Both his hands transformed into a sword, as he activated the [Human King Sword Mantra].

The three great sword mantras of the Peerless War God were all related to each other. The mantra before was the step to the next mantra.

To want to culivate in the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra], one must first completely master the [Human King Sword Mantra].

Ye Qingyu's current achievement in the [Human King Sword Mantra] was currently belonging to just below mid waypoint. There was still a very long road before he could completely master it. Therefore he could use this opportunity to fight with the formation puppet tool to train his methods.

The figures of the two were as fast as flowing dragons. It was like a shadow, like lightning. The mirages caused by the two's movement caused one to feel faint just looking at it.

"Ding!Ding!Ding!"

There was constantly the sound of metallic clashes in the air.

Ye Qingyu used his fingers as a sword. After activating the [Human King Sword Mantra], there was a golden-coloured glimmer that gradually formed in his fingers. He no longer avoided the blade of that green-clothed man, but instead used his fleshly body to strike the blade, emitting metallic noises. It was as if his hands were made from metal.

"Hand over [Avalanche], otherwise I will destroy your battle puppet."

Ye Qingyu diverted part of his attention to test the person hidden in the darkness.

"Keke, for such a gorilla-like young man, he is the best material for me to create into a flesh puppet. Although he is slightly worse than you, but he is still an absolute treasure. Why would I hand him over to you? Kekekeke... right now, I am creating him into a new flesh puppet...”

The person in the darkness cackled sinisterly.

He intentionally wanted to use his words to provoke Ye Qingyu, to disturb hs mentality.

"Really? It's a pity that your fangs are not suited for the level of appetite you have."

Ye Qingyu wanted the mastermind to speak more and more.

The sounds stopped.

There was a sword glimmer that emitted from his palms. This was not the rhythm that he had previously exhibited before. In front of such a sword, that green-clothed puppet hesitated faintly. Before he could react, a sword light had already cut off his head.

A large head soared in the sky.

At this time, the green patterns on his boy madly flickered. It madly fluctuated within the body of the formation puppet as a strange energy suged out. Ultimately, the head once again returned to the body as flesh regrew and the head became attached again. There was a faint line of blood, before any traces of wounds were removed.

Xiu Xiu!

The sword glimmers were like lightning.

The green-clothed golden masked man once again charged forward like a gust of wind.

……

……

In the little world of the Imperial Ancestral Land.

A thundering waterfall fell down from a precipice in the mountain deep within the forest, like a white chain hanging down from a verdant sea of green.

A peerless white figure with white hair sat above a boulder.

The mist and water in the air could not even get within ten meters of his body.

Her nimble fingers played her zither without direction. A series of disordered and chaotic sounds rang within the mountains, without any order whatsoever. It seemed to have the same chaotic emotion as their master. It would sometimes fell silent, sometimes grew berserk, sometimes a killing intent would emanate and sometimes it would grow as gentle as water...

Aunt Heng sat in the little bamboo pavilion.

"Sister, are you really sure that youth is..." She seemed to have not yet digested the shock in her heart, her face filled with astonishment.

The sounds of the Zither stopped.

Aunt Han slowly rose up, then turned around.

On her peerless face, there were clear tears flowing down without restraint.

These were not tragic tears.

It was tears of joy and delight.

"How could I make a mistake in such an important mater?" On the originally calm and emotional face, there was suddenly a grand heroicness. "After a hundred years, we've finally waited for the arrival of this day... Heng, my good sister, the day that we have dreamed about is about to arrive. From this day onwards, I Yu Lihan, will once again do battle with the mortal world and Jianghu. Everything that I lost a hundred years ago, I will take it back, item by item."

There was a complicated emotion that appeard in Aunt Heng's face as she heard these words.

These were two women that had once shocked the heavens and clouds within the Heaven Wasteland Domain. One had slumbered here for a hundred years, one had remained silent here for twenty years. The calmness and tranquility of the Ancestral Land, seemed to have cleansed them of the hatred and humiliation in their heart. The movements from the outside seemed to have no method of ever reaching to here. When everything seemed to have been drawn to an end...

A change had finally appeared.

"The heroes slumbering in the darkness should also begin to awaken. Heng, let out the [Heavenly Mo Order]. The five divine warriors of the pentatonic scale should appear in the world once again. A storm is about to enwrap us, he is even more brilliant than we originally expected, hahaha..." As she said this, the complicated emotions within Yu Lihan's heart seemed to have been completely swept away, recovering her previous temperament of masculinity. Both her hands were raised high above her head as she let out a mad, loud laugh, "I'm about to return. This time, I will not fight alone. Hahaha!"“

The Aunt Heng that had a myriad of thoughts and emotions running through her could not help but feel speechless at this.

Her sister excelled in all aspects. But when she went mad, she was too terrifying.

Only the Guye of the past would be able to make such a woman yield? [TN Note; Guye basically is a term for the a servant to refer to her lady's husband]

After thinking, Heng said again, "You want to awaken the five divine attendants?"

Yu Lihan opened her mouth in a wide smile. "Of course. Tell them not to enter into the capital first, to not to cause too great a disturbance but go to parts of Snow Empire. There are still countless embers remaining in this world from the [God Murdering Army] of the past, tell them to gather them together again... also, tell [Shade] to go protect little Yu'er. Only protect, not kill. If there is anyone that dares to target little Yu'er, I will make them regret ever coming out from their mother, hehe..."

Heng was taken aback, then nodded her head in understanding.

Although her mistress normally acted crazily, but when she did things, she did it like thunder or wind, decisively. In the past, she was the number two figure of the [God Murdering Army], and had experienced countless secret matters. Her way of doing things was planning then acting, and she had rarely failed in her plans. For her to make such a decision, she must have thought deeply about this and carefully considered the entire situation deeply.

Since it was like this, then...

Let everything begin once again.

Heng turned to leave.

……

……

"The undying body of this human flesh puppet tool, ultimately has an upper limit.”

Ye Qingyu felt the mysteries ofthe [Human King Sword Mantra] becoming clearer and clearer in his own heart. At this time, he no longer used his fingers as a sword. Every move he used was filled with a piercing sharp sword aura. This razor sharp killing aura fluctuated between his fists and legs. Every thought of his was filled with a tyrannical sword aura.

His palms and hands could act as sword.

His arms could act as a sword.

HIs legs could act as a sword.

The speed of the green-clothed golden masked puppet was fast, but it ultimately could not be compared to the Ye Qingyu who had activated te [Human King Sword Mantra] to its fullest. It was ultimately killed by the endless sword aura,, turning into scraps. The formation puppet array on his body was destroyed, and he could ultimately not be reborn again.

Ye Qingyu felt an unprecedented comfortableness.

His understanding towards the [Human King Sword Mantra], had grown to the next level...

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 392:


Ye Qingyu absolutely believed that if there was a spirit weapon in his hands, he could challenge Bitter Sea experts at the River stage.

"Another one of your tools is gone. Do you still want to try again? " Ye Qingyu regarded his surroundings as he coldly said in a loud voice.

As expected, there was the rebuttal from the person hidden in the shadows, "Really, how much inner yuan do you have left? Do you still have half?"

Ye Qingyu's ear moved. He was still searching for any signs of the location of the opposing party. "Why don't you try it and see."

"Kekekeke, it seems like you still have energy. But rest assured. Even if you are made from steel, I will grind you bit by bit into powder. When you have expended all your energy, I will then turn you into a formation puppet battle tool. Keke, at that time, you will be my most perfect creation..." The sinister voice, was like a demonic owl at night that sounded within the formation, causing one to shiver with fear.

Before the sound finished.

Another formation puppet appeared from within the black mist.

At first, it was a blurry silhoutete. Only when it neared could one see. It was a four foot tall figure, a dwarf-like figure that seemed as if it was a child.

This midget's hand was incomparably large, twice as large as his own face. There were two daggers held in his hands that were like fans, a bolt of lightning striking across the skies.

There was a seeping cold glimmer coming from the daggers.

When he was approximately ten meters away rom Ye Qingyu, this strange midget moved.

Without any signs, he had transformed into faint black mist at quick speed.

There was a trace of alarm that rose in Ye Qingyu's heart. He struck out again, the sword qi rumbling out.

Ding!

There was a series of sparks that rose in the air.

But the figure of the dawrf was like a faint shadow. It instantly disappeared, like a bubble immersing itself into flowing water. With a flash, it could not be found again.

"A battle puppet specializing in concealment?"

Ye Qingyu instantly understood.

But for him, this did not possess any challenge whasoever.

The cultivation technique he passed onto Jin Ling'er was originally the pinnacle mantra of the Shadow attribute, [Flowing Shadow Kill] . This was the treasured mantra for the assassination art, and concealment belonged to the same category of arts within assassination. If Ye Qingyu wished, he could instantly transform into an assassin even more terrifying than this.

But he did not do such a thing.

Sword aura radiated from his entire body, and a glistening silver frost like a mist surged out. There were faintly discernible swords that appeared around his body. Ye Qingyu had pushed the [Human King Sword Mantra] into another new level, using his qi to form into a sword, using the ice inner yuan qi to create sword forms. It was as if such sword forms were slowly born within the air.

One...

two...

three...

There was a total of nine swords formed from his ice yuan qi that appeared around Ye Qingyu.

There was a blankness of mind that was slowly born in Ye Qingyu's heart. He was able to comprehend some mysteries he did not understand before. He felt like those nine ice yuan qi sword mirages were as if they possessed life. It gradually communicated with his heart, like nine protecting deities, staying by his side.

The next instant, a warning was born in his heart.

That hidden dwarf-like assassin struck once again.

Ye Qingyu instantly reacted with his thoughts.

An ice yuan sword vibrated, then shot out like a bolt of lightning towards him.

The originally mirage-like sword image instantly solidified.

Ding!

There was a metallic clash, then a series of sparks.

Seeing his strike not succeed, the midget assassin figure appeared briefly before quickly disappearing again.

Ye Qingyu's attention was not on the dwarf-like assassin.

It was on the long ice qi sword.

"It can instantly soldify? Then in other words, this ice yuan qi sword can constantly change between a solid form and an incorporeal state?"

He understood a mystery that he had previously not noticed before.

With a clench of his hand, one of the nine ice yuan qi swords floating near to him fell into his hands. It was as if he was holding a true long sword, the sword shadow like it was real. Ye Qingyu could not help but think deeper into the mysteries of the [Human King Sword Mantra].

At that instant, it was as if a door was opened in his mind. The normal characters written on the [Human King Sword Mantra] seemed to disassemble and reform in a different order, bringing with it an unbelievable new life.

"I understand."

There was a faint smile that appeard on Ye Qingyu's face.

The sword that had instantly solidified in his hand was struck out.

Fast like lightning.

Ding!

There was a series of sparks in the air.

The third attack of the dwarf assassin was once again blocked.

He was like an assassin hidden in the night, as soundless as a spirit. Every time he struck ,he grasped the timing perfectly. If it were other experts at the same cultivation level, they would long have perished. But it was a pity for him that he met with Ye Qingyu who was also skilled in the assassination arts.

Ye Qingyu was able to easily resolve each of these three strikes.

The midget figure of the assassin once again hid within the air.

Ye Qingyu did not rush to kill him.

He was still immersed within the mysteries of the ice qi sword.

Right now, he could be sure that the form of the ice yuan qi sword was one of the true secrets of the [Human King Sword Mantra].

The sword mantra manual was mysterious. There was not any comprehensive training method or instructions, it all relied on a single word --- comprehension. Ye Qingyu did not understand at first, but now he fiercely understood. The fact that the [Human King Sword Mantra] did not have any comprehensive training method, was in truth the greatest training method. This sword mantra had far too high a requirement for the person learning it. If one could not truly understand the essence, one could train in it till one were old and be unable to truly exhibit it's true power.

"The ice yuan qi sword shadow can transform from formless into real at will..."

Ye Qingyu looked at the ice qi sword shadow held in his hands.

Following his will, the sword shadow could enlarge or shrink constantly changing between different forms. It could constantly transform in the state between real and illusion, extremely incredible.

"If it was like so, and if it could change between formless and form at the instant the sword struck , the opponent would definitely have no way of defending.”

As he spoke, Ye Qingyu fainty smiled. His figure suddenly turned around, striking towards the space on his right side with the sword.

The sword qi surged out.

The faint black air turbulence was in turmoil, then a midget silhoutte was formed.

The dwarf-like figure was after all, not completely gone from space. As soon as the air flows moved, he would appear.

The location that Ye Qingyu struck at, was namely his head.

The midget could not avoid, raising his dagger up to block.

But the sword shadow was like a mirage. It passed through the dagger, then turned into solid form once again, cutting apart his body.

The midgets figure instantly stayed where he was.

HIs dagger was unharmed and intact.

But in his body, from his head to between his two legs, a faint silver line appeared that separated him into two.

The weapon could not block a mirage.

HIs body could not withstand a true sword.

Ye Qingyu looked at the sword shadow in his hands, incomparably excited.

It was really as he imagined. Changing the form from real to illusion had staring effects. When facing someone's weapon to block, it was a mirage, but when striking towards the enemy's body, it was real.

.Opposite.

There was a faint red pattern that flickered madly on the surface layer of the midgets body like a spiderweb. The formation that was etched on his body madly fluctuated, attempting to repair his broken body .But within Ye Qingyu's sword, there was a cold sword qi that instantly destroyed the majority of the formations...

Pang!

A red glimmer enveloped the midgets body, then the formation fell into disarray. His body exploded.

Pitch black blood like oil fell everywhere on the ground.

"How is this possible?"

The person hidden behind the scenes could not hold back his cries of shock.

This midget's strength was many times stronger than the bald puppet as well as the green-clothed puppet. But it could not last too long in front of Ye Qingyu. It was instantly killed, making him somewhat unable to accept this.

After fighting for so long, has the inner yuan within [War God] finally been completely expended?

But at the same time he let out a shocked exhalation-----

"Kill!"

Ye Qingyu's figure moved,. Like a bolt of lighting, he instantly headed towards a point of the killing formation, striking with his full strength.

The nine sword shadows struck to kill instantly like electricity.

Ye Qingyu's yuan power was activated to the extreme, the sword in his hands madly striking.

The moment he was waiting for was now.

The person hidden in the shadows was evidenty stunned and had lost his focus. He had not entirely used the formation to hide his location. The Ye Qingyu who had been patiently waiting for this moment grasped it.

Only when Ye Qingyu struck to kill did the hidden person react.

The killing formation rumbled, wanting to stop Ye Qingyu.

"Open!"

Ye Qingyu roared with rage, the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] activating.

Both his hands transformed into the claws of a dragon. Like tearing apart paper, he instantly tore apart the rumbling killing aura into pieces. The nine sword shadows were like the blades of the death god, instantly striking to kill through the crevice.

"Ah..."

There was a painful scream from an extremely far off distance.

"Impossible, how did you disover me..." the hidden person let out a cry of shock. "You... could it be that you know the [Demonic Blood Refining Deity Array] ?"

At that same time, the killing aura of the surrounding formation frantically tried to attempt something.

The formation array greatly changed.

Ye Qingyu's figure landed.

Once the formation altered, he once again lost the location of the hidden person. He could not kill him in one strike.

But that person was defintiely heavily injured.

"Hahaha... [War God], you've enraged me... I will refine you, I will refine you to death." The hidden person let out an angry cry like that of an injured beast. The killing aura of the killing formation was once again in turmoil.

Ye Qingyu faintly smiled. "Really? Do you not feel the ice qi within your body? If this continues on, you won't even able to preserve your own life. You still have the energy to maintain the formation to kill me?"

"You..." The hidden person evidently investigated the state of his own body and was greatly shocked. After falling briefly silent: "The formation has the energy and bodies from the people who have died in the formation. Furthermore, the [Demonic Blood Refining Deity Array] can absorb yuan qi on it's own. I'll first go and recover from my injuries, and the formation will automatically refine you for forty nine days. When I come back, I will then turn you into a human flesh puppet."

The sounds stopped.

The killing formation madly began activating.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

