Chapter 769:


Chapter 786, The powerful is ruthless



The Saint level expert who suddenly appeared was from the Jade Pearl Sect.

From his power, aura and the formations surrounding him, the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race could already tell which sect he was from. All of a sudden she found it difficult to contain her anger. Back when the Little Princess was in the 18th district the Saintess of the ade Pearl Sect had plotted against her, and she was suppressed into the seven-star tombstone and almost died. What the Little Princess felt towards her could be described as deep hatred. Therefore, she wanted to tear the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect to pieces and consequently hated the Jade Pearl Sect and vowed to kill all of its people.

It was obvious that when their little aunt was enraged, the consequences were very serious.

When the Little Princess identified the Saint level expert in the Void to be from the Jade Pearl Sect, she could no longer contain her anger and killing intent. She was born with a silver spoon in her mouth, and was a Heaven's prideling and the apple of everyone's eye. Everything had always went incredibly smooth for her and others did not even dare to scold her. How could she tolerate being schemed by the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect?

But the experts of the Black Demon Race sensed the Little Princess's killing intent and were startled, hurriedly rushing over to stop her.

After all, the true masters of the Black Demon Race had not yet arrived. A wise man knows better than to fight when the odds are against him. The few people present were not of the Saint level, therefore it was best to avoid confrontation with the Saint expert of the Jade Pearl Sect. Their priority right now was the safety of the Little Princess.

“Damn it, is that him?” Bald fatty Sheng Yan had a change of expression when he saw the Saint expert in the sky. He suddenly recalled something and whispered to Ye Qingyu, “Brother, the situation is not very good, why would this guy be here... He is one of the most powerful figures of Jade Pearl Sect, called Yang Tianwu. He is known to be merciless, crazy, reckless, and disregards consequences. He is the eldest disciple of the present age Martial Emperor of the Jade Pearl Sect, but also the Saintess's eldest senior brother. One hundred year ago he had already reached the Saint boundary...”

The eldest senior brother of the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect?

Ye Qingyu trembled inwardly when he heard these words.

The Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect was a heaven's prideling of the younger generation, and was extremely terrifying whether it was in power, thinking, or shrewdness. This time she even attempted to kill the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race in the 18th district. From this it could be seen that she was merciless and cruel. The figure above was the Saintess’s senior brother, which meant that he was most likely more difficult to deal with than her. More importantly, a Saint expert with such a status had appeared here all of a sudden... Well, he most likely did not come here upon receiving the news but it was a deliberate arrangement laid out by the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect.

Moreover...

Ye Qingyu looked up at the sky to see that the brilliance of the huge silver formation had completely sealed Fierce Beast Peak, trapping everyone within and did not leave any gap for escape, and by doing this...

All of a sudden he realized something. He thought of a possibility and couldn't help but gasp for air.

It can't be, right?

Ye Qingyu couldn't believe in his speculation.

Because if that were to be the case, then the Jade Pearl Sect really was too insane.

While Ye Qingyu's face was cloudy and mixed with uncertainty, in the sky, Yang Tianwu of the Jade Pearl Sect was holding a silver and blue water bottle and exuding a powerful aura that suppressed all of the forces present. The two beams of light from his eyes were like the sword light of judgment, fixed intently on Ye Qingyu. “Evil creature, surrender now, under the might of the sky you still want to resist?”

“Might of the sky? Hahaha the people of Jade Pearl Sect sure are all narcissistic.” Ye Qingyu had already calmed down by this time. He smiled, “The Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect is cruel, merciless and thought that she will certainly set foot on the Emperor's Road. Therefore she wanted to force other people to be her slave. She first killed the Leader of the Ancient Heavenly Dragon Sect, Yusheng Taoist and other powerful experts, and then she entrapped the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race. She really had opened my eyes. And now an accomplished Saint level expert had come to deal with I, a nobody junior, isn't that really unnecessary, unless... your Jade Pearl Sect has something that cannot be known to others and you want to silence others....”

“Shut up.”

Without waiting for Ye Qingyu to finish, Yang Tianwu snapped. A frightening voice resounded across the Void like a roar of thunder. Countless people on Fierce Beast Peak had a change of expression, and felt that their ears were about to burst as everything in front darkened. Some of the weaker experts were even teetering. The qi within their body went disorderly, yuan qi was being drawn away and they could not withstand the power.

The power of a Saint level expert was extremely terrifying.

Ye Qingyu smiled coldly and did not say anything more.

All that he wanted to say had been said out.

So many people at the scene had heard it.

His aim had been achieved.

Therefore, he didn't want to say anything more.

The bald fatty Sheng Yan was startled for a moment, then his first reaction was to rush over to his old ancestor to form his own field of yuan qi to protect him in it. He was afraid that this level of pressure might injure his ancestor. After all, in the process of leaving the 18th district, his ancestor had already exhausted his strength.

Because of Ye Qingyu's words, countless experts had a change of expression on their face.

“What? The Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect plotted against the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race?”

“She said it was the people of Jade Pearl Sect who killed the leader of the Ancient Heavenly Dragon Sect and Taoist Yusheng?”

“What's going on here?”

“Who is telling the truth?”

“Is the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect lying?”

All kinds of voices of shock spread amongst the crowd. The people that were able to come here were all intelligent people. From the way that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race protected Ye Qingyu, they knew that it was very likely that what the youngster said was true and that the Saintess was lying.

In the Void.

“At such a young age you have such a sharp tongue and is so eloquent, it seems that it is true that you must not stay.” Yang Tianwu cast a glare down at Ye Qingyu, eyes flowing with killing intent. “You are listed in the Domain Alliance wanted list, you deserve to die. Even if you escape here you will still be killed.”

Ye Qingyu still did not utter a word, but the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race coldly spoke again. “Hehe, when did the Jade Pearl Sect raise a dog that dares to bark in my Black Demon Abyss? Also, he dares to seal the Fierce Beast Peak in front of so many people. Haha, good, Yang Tianwu you really are bold. Does your Jade Pearl Sect think that your strength is already big enough to annex my Black Demon Abyss?”

As soon as this was said, there was a smell of rage beginning to spread.

The experts on all sides of Fierce Beast Peak, one after another, had a change of expression.

No one thought that the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race would be so furious, but Yang Tianwu's action was indeed wrong. His first attack was to seal Fierce Beast Peak, which gave no face to the owners of Black Demon Abyss at all. Such behaviour was no doubt a provocation. As an expert of the older generation, such a move was indeed ill-conceived.

What the Little Princess had said was equal to not stepping down in the slightest.

At this moment, the many experts who had come to watch the bustling scene and with the mentality to take advantage of the situation, all began to regret their actions. They saw that the two super forces were neither budging an inch and if a real fight were to break out, they could be impacted and die here without knowing.

No one expected that things would develop to this step.

Some people wanted to pull away early only to find that the formation had completely sealed Fierce Beast Peak. Although they saw the formation being set up, they instinctively thought it was to prevent the criminal Ye Qingyu from escaping, but now they came to realiZe that it was not only Ye Qingyu, even they could not leave at all.

“Saint Yang, we have something to do and want to leave. I ask Saint Yang to release us.” A white-haired old man of about the level of the Ninth Step Immortal Step boundary had guessed what was going on, and had the courage to shout to ask Yang Tianwu to let them go.

“Yes, Saint Yang's power is unmatched, and certainly can kill the criminal Ye Qingyu. It is useless for us to stay here anymore. I want to leave so as not to interfere with Saint Yang,” the leader of another sect bowed his head and begged.

After the two men had spoke, the others also began to request earnestly.

Silver light was blazing in the sky.

Yang Tianwu cast an indifferent glance at these people, saying, “Ye Qingyu is cunning, if I remove a corner of the formation, this criminal will take the opportunity to escape. Don't be impatient and wait there.”

One sentence of his had blocked everyone's demands.

Ye Qingyu's expression grew serious upon hearing this.

At this point he was a little sure what the other was trying to do.

It was just crazy.

Has the
Jade Pearl Sect
gone crazy?

The eyes of the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race was blazing with rage as she was open to say something, but Ye Qingyu gently pulled her back right away. He slightly shook his head, motioning the Little Princess to not say anything because, although the real intention had been revealed, there was no point in saying anything more.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden was the same as Ye Qingyu in that her eyes were flickering with an icy cold light, quietly activating yuan qi and was preparing for battle.

The guardian Saints of the Phoenix Race had not yet arrived, and the guardian masters of the Black Demon Race had not appeared. It was a bit bizarre. Once the news spread out, they should have arrived long ago given the speed of the Saint experts.

There was a brief moment of silence on Fierce Beast Peak.

The atmosphere grew tense, and the air seemed to be blazing.

“The way the Jade Pearl Sect handles affairs is too domineering. You're just capturing a wanted man of the Domain Alliance but you blocked the sky and ground and won't let us go. Are we also criminals?” Someone finally couldn't help complaining, and the voice was not at all quiet.

“Right...”

“Haha the Jade Pearl Sect is used to being domineering.”

“Do you think this is the Jade Pearl Domain?”

One remark had led to similar complaints from the countless experts around.

Who knew——

Boom!

A giant silver sword was mercilessly struck down.

Flesh and blood splattered.

The Northwest corner of Fierce Beast Peak, which was the location of where the young man who had complained before was, was instantly blown into ruins by the silver light sword. The young man was directly turned into ashes. A terrifying power had erupted, which also impacted the people around him. There were countless corpses and at least forty or fifty experts were killed. Some were seriously injured, screaming and coughing out jets of blood. The scene was tragic!

The stench of blood filled the Void.

“The way my Jade Pearl Sect acts has nothing to do with you insignificant ants.” Yang Tianwu's voice was icy cold, a ruthless light in his eyes, and it was as if he had only just crushed a few ants. He did not waver in the slightest as he said indifferently, “Fanning the flames, you must be Ye Qingyu's henchmen. You are unforgivable and must be killed.”





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 770:


Chapter 787, What is true power?



Murderous spirit filled the air between Heaven and earth.

Tragic screams rose and fell one after another.

Yang Tianwu had made a powerful move. He struck a silver light sword down from the sky, without caring who was right or wrong and had killed many people at once.

“Father, father, wake up...” A young man was hugging the mangled half body of his father, crying out in grief. Then, with his eyes flashing a blood coloured light, he charged towards the [Iron Heart Blood Saint] in the Void as he roared, “The person surnamed Yang, my father and I did not say anything, you... I'm going to kill you...”

Yang Tianwu did not even cast a glance over at him, simply pointed out one finger.

Boom!

A silver light sword shot out from his fingertip, slicing downwards.

Before the young man could get within thousands of meters of him, he was struck by the sword light and instantly turned into a pool of blood, like a blooming flower, and dissipated in the Void.

“I'm going to kill you.”

“Die!”

There were several more figures that transformed into streams of light and sped towards Yang Tianwu.

Like the young man before, their close relatives had been wrongly killed. Their hatred soared. They simply wanted to avenge their loved ones and did not care about anything else.

But——

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Silver sword light flashed.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

A number of figures exploded into clouds of blood in the middle of the air.

[Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu simply did not hold back. He mercilessly killed everyone without the slightest look of guilt across his face, the corners of his mouth curved in a faint smile.

In the end nobody dared to make a move again.

Even if they had joined forces to attack, facing a Saint level expert, everything was futile. Anger without strength was meaningless, and charging up towards him was the same as hitting a rock with an egg.

It went quiet all around.

Some experts who were affected by the impact were originally full of fury, but upon the sight of that scene, one after another, their anger was dissipated as if a bucket of ice water was poured over their head and they were shivering from the cold. Even an idiot could see that the [Iron Heart Blood Saint] was on a killing spree.

No one dared to talk anymore.

“Die!”

Yang Tianwu made a move once again.

He casually pointed a finger out and another deadly silver light sword burst from his fingertip, like a god's sword of punishment, slashing down from Void. The sword light was like a flash of lightning, swiftly locked on Ye Qingyu.

The power of a Saint level expert could destroy Heavensand earth with his every move.

Even experts at the pinnacle of the Immortal Step boundary were no different from ants under this light sword.

Before the sword light was in sight, a terrifying pressure had already made it almost impossible for people within a hundreds meter radius to move a single step.

Ye Qingyu's face suddenly changed.

Yang Tianwu's sword seemed to be aiming at him, but in fact, he was not the only person he planned to kill. The sword light was merciless, and clearly wanted to kill everyone that was present, including the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race.

He operated his inner yuan, and without the slightest hesitation, unleashed his strongest attack.

He summoned out the [Dragon Blood Halberd] and activated the yellow Immortal qi he obtained from his nirvana cultivation to its peak. The [Dragon Blood Halberd] suddenly erupted in a blaze of light, which was comparable to the surging aura of a Saint expert. The red-coloured light of the dragon blood dyed the space red. It was both strange and enchanting, as if the mysterious power of the ancient dragon god had once again traveled through time and space to appear in the world.

Ye Qingyu let out a roar as he slashed out with the halberd.

Aang——!

A blood-coloured ancient dragon illusion came roaring out from the halberd, shooting into the sky, in defiance of the natural order, to swallow up the giant silver sword.

The Little Princess of the Black Demon Race and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden also acted at the same time.

Colourful streams of flowing light and Black Demon qi soared into the sky.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

In the Void, four terrifying forces collided.

The experts around, one after another, activated yuan qi to deflect the impact, for fear of being affected.

This level of fighting had already made them feel an aura of danger. No matter how confident they were in their strength, they all had retreated to the edge of Fierce Beast Peak——If the silver formation had not sealed the Void, they would have fled from the Taowu Mountain Range long ago.

In mid-air, energies were flowing wildly.

The chaotic flow of air had triggered a Void storm, like chaotic space wall of fragments were mixed with black Void turbulence. As though the sky had been pierced through, mournful roars came from the dark crevices, and there were space-time demons gushing out like piranhas, before being torn into pieces by the turbulence. Within seconds, the Void was instantly returned to normal under the Laws of Heaven and earth.

“Huh?”

[Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu had a slight change of expression.

This finger sword seemed to be a casual move but was, in fact, one of the three great secret techniques of the Jade Pearl Sect, the [Jade Pearl Stealing Heaven Sword]. It was an exceptionally strong move that even beginner Saint experts would struggle under this sword, but the three juniors were able to block this sword attack.

On the ground.

Ye Qingyu’s face was pale. He trembled as the qi within his body circulated chaotically and had almost lost control of his yuan qi.

Beneath the mask, bloodstains had overflowed from the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's mouth and onto her delicate white jade-like face. In her clear and pure eyes, there was frantic battle intent blazing.

The petite figure of the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race had sank into the soil from the knee downwards. It was evident that she had sustained great pressure. Her delicate and cold little face was also frighteningly pale, and a layer of green-grey light was flashing rapidly, as the yuan qi energy inside her body was approaching a berserk level!

“Ancestor, ancestor, are you all right?”

On the other side, bald fatty Sheng Yan opened up his own force field of yuan qi with all his might to protect the thin, twig-like [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] inside. The him at that moment seemed to have resumed the heroic state that he had displayed in the 18th district when he was saving the old ancestor. While he was struck by the aftermath, to the point that he was bleeding from his mouth and nose, he simply did not care about anything else. He was only worried that the old man would be affected.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] did not speak.

He didn't even move in the slightest.

Ever since they had come out of the 18th district, the former peerless ruler of the Human Race had been standing there blankly, looking down at the soil, and seemed to have fallen into a very strange state. He did not utter a word, did not move an inch and if it were not for the aura that he was exuding, the others would have really thought that he had died of old age.

At the same time——

“Protect the princess.”

The several other experts of the Black Demon Race had only just reacted, flashing over to the Little Princess's side.

One of them flew into a rage. Pointing to the sky, he roared, “Yang Tianwu, are you crazy? You dare to attack my clan's princess? Don't tell me you want to start a war between the Jade Pearl Sect and the Black Demon Race?”

“Yes, when the Saint expert of my clan arrives, you'd better give a satisfactory explanation, otherwise, this matter won't end easily,” another Black Demon Race expert said angrily.

The Black Demon Race had shown their absolute strength.

At this time, all of the other experts simply regretted their actions.

If they could turn back time, then they swore that they would never have come to Fierce Beast Peak. The situation in front of them had reached the craziest stage that no one could have imagined. If a war was started between the Black Demon Race and Jade Pearl Sect it would be tantamount to the beginning of another domain war, and will be a day recorded in the history of the great wide world.

And if this situation were to continue, the people present would only become cannon fodder and crushed up bones. They may not even be mentioned in future historical records.

Thinking about what Ye Qingyu had said before, almost all of the experts were aware that they had been dragged into the conflict between the super forces. Since they had witnessed such a scene, heard such a secret, then it was most likely that they had to be killed.

They also understood why, as soon as the [Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu appeared, he had to seal the entire Fierce Beast Peak with one of the six great secret imperial treasures of the Jade Pearl Sect the [Gold and Silver Sky River Bottle]. It was very simple. The ruthless martial arts Saint had, from the very beginning, made up his mind that he not only wanted to kill Ye Qingyu, but also the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race, as well as all of the people present on the Fierce Beast Peak.

Only by doing so could the lies that the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect told three days ago be maintained.

But this action was simply no different from what a madman would do.

Why would the Jade Pearl Sect be this crazy?

In the sky.

Upon hearing the accusation from one of the Black Demon Race experts, [Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu responded with a contemptuous smile.

“I'm afraid the Saint experts of your clan will not arrive in time,” he said, lowering his head to look at Ye Qingyu and the others, as if he was looking down at a group of ants. His tone of voice carried a hint of pity as he continued, “Since you did not die in the 18th district then why did you still come out? Even if you come out you still have to die, and have to die more tragically on Fierce Beast Peak. Also, there are so many experts that will have to die with you.”

The ultimate goal, the most sinister intention.

He finally said it out loud in such a frank way.

Even the most brazen words that came out his mouth seemed like he was bringing up an interesting story.

Before his voice faded.

Boom!

Throughout Fierce Beast Peak, the originally restless experts who were lucky to have survived were suddenly crying out in panic. Although they had guessed the true intention of [Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu, but when he finally said this sentence in person, many people still turned pale with shock.

“No, it can't be like this...”

“We're willing to keep our mouth shut, Saint Yang please spare us.”

“Yes, we can join the Jade Pearl Sect, we will certainly keep it a secret... Saint Yang, we can help you kill Ye Qingyu to prove our stance.”

“Yes...”

Some people yelled for mercy in the hope of surviving this calamity.

Yang Tianwu held up the the [Gold and Silver Sky River Bottle] and did not say anything else. Looking at the many people below begging for mercy, the corners of his mouth were curled in a smile. He simply did not care about the many lives below.

In his lifetime he had killed too many people, including high and mighty geniuses, but also maggot-like commoners. There were brave people who would rather die than submit and there were cowards who peed their pants. There were also old people and young children... Death, he had seen too many times. But this time the people he needed to kill had special identities, extraordinary backgrounds, and there were so many of them that it gave him a sense of excitement and accomplishment. He couldn't wait to start.

Some of the experts understood what he was thinking upon seeing that expression on his face.

A dead end.

Yang Tianwu had an iron heart and would never spare any one person.

“Fight!”

“To kill us, you have to pay the price.”

“There are so many of us, let’s fight together, we can tire him out.”

Even if a dog was anxious it would still jump over the wall, even if a rabbit was anxious it would still bite, let alone that these people were martial arts experts. They saw that there was no possibility of negotiation, and all of a sudden the flames of anger in their hearts were ignited. There were all kinds of brilliance flashing in the Void, power spurting out and countless people were ready to fight with their life.

Yang Tianwu stood tall in the sky and burst into laughter in response.

“A group of chicken and dogs, you do not know what is true power and still want to compete with me... I'll send you all on your way. Don't blame me when you are dead, if you want to blame someone then blame that Ye Qingyu. He had long seen through my mind and deliberately told you the secret that happened in the 18th district just to drag you down with him... Haha, but it doesn’t matter, if an ant dies then so be it.”

As he was speaking, the [Gold and Silver Sky River Bottle] was slightly flashing, and then the bottle dropped and there was a sound similar to a surging ocean engulfing the world. The terrifying power which surged out from the mouth of the bottle had instantly spread across the sky of Fierce Beast Peak.

“Die.”

Yang Tianwu's hair was wildly flying about and his eyes had gone scarlet red.

His voice was cruel and cold, and his raging killing intent was unleashed like a river overflowing its blank. As he stood in the Void he was as sinister as a devil king who was about to destroy the world.

The final killing was about to come.

The only way to survive was to counterattack.

On the ground.

Ye Qingyu had a solemn look on his face and just as he was about to retaliate, he was shocked to find that his inner yuan was suppressed, like it had disappeared and could not operate yuan qi at all.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race also issued a murmur of shock.

They also discovered the abnormalities in their bodies.

And exclaiming out at the same time were the experts all across Fierce Beast Peak.

“Ah, my inner yuan... what's going on?”

“Not good, this is the Jade Pearl Sect's [Gold and Silver Sky River Bottle]. It forms a silver sky river formation and under the activation of a Saint expert it can suppress Heaven and earth and prevent opponents from operating inner yuan... we're finished.”

“Then... we don't even have the chance to counterattack?”

“We can only sit here and wait to be slaughtered?”

“No, I don't want to.”

Countless furious and unwilling roars resounded across the Void. Whether it was the Demon Race or the Human Race, once inner yuan strength was lost it was tantamount to having their hands and feet chopped off. One’s power would plummet and it would be impossible to kill [Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu.

It turned out that this was why Yang Tianwu was full of confidence.

From the very start he had already prepared everything for this terrifying plan.

“What to do?” In Ye Qingyu's mind, his thoughts were changing rapidly.

For a moment he couldn't think of a way to get out because he did not think that the Jade Pearl Sect would be crazy to this extent. Outside of the dark Door of Life, he would at all costs intercept him and the others, and would not even spare the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race.

Beside him.

There was an unprecedented cold expression on the faces of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race.

Miserable screams echoed in the Void.

Some experts who had moved slightly closer were instantly killed by the power of the [Gold and Silver Sky River Bottle], minced into powder and vanished in the Void. There was simply no chance of fighting back. They were like rice paper trapped in a tornado, weak and fragile.

“Hahaha...” Yang Tianwu's wild laughter echoed across the sky.

He looked down, like a god in the clouds peering down at a group of ants. His confident and cold laughter reverberated, “Ants, understand? This is true power... To die under this power, you should be happy. Hahaha, now, no matter who it is... die!”

He was in high spirits and was about to completely activate the power of the [Gold and Silver Sky River Bottle] to crush all of the people below into ashes.

That was when——

“It's a little noisy.”

A hoarse voice sounded without warning.

This voice did not contain the slightest fluctuation of power, but rang clearly in everyone's ears, unbelievably obscured the waves of power in the sky, and even covered up the wave-like roars being issued by the [Gold and Silver Sky River Bottle], and everything else...

It was a very astonishing feeling.

Almost everyone showed a look of consternation on their face.

Because as the voice sounded, all the aura and power around had completely vanished. Whether it was the fluctuation of power from the experts around, or the aura of the formation, the imposing manner of the [Gold and Silver Sky River Bottle], or the Saint level pressure emitting from [Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu. Even the tide of power and power of laws between Heaven and earth were all gone.

This feeling was just too bizarre.

It was a feeling that everyone had not experienced ever since they had achieved success in their martial arts.

Ye Qingyu turned to the skinny figure not far away from him with his face twisted in a look of utter astonishment.

He could tell that the voice came from the mouth of that figure.

The voice was very familiar.

But also very unfamiliar.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race were also stunned.

The bald fatty Sheng Yan, who was trembling at the beginning, had his mouth wide open, and then he realized something. His fat body began to tremble violently like a sieve, and he could not contain his excitement. His face lit up in joy and his mouth widened, but he couldn’t even say even a syllable...

In the sky.

The smile on the [Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu's face had solidified.

In his expression, there was thirty percent shock, thirty percent consternation, and forty percent of... terror.

It was indeed terrifying.

Because he did not know what had happened at that very moment, and was still unable to react. Even to the present, even after several moments, he still could not sense what was going on. His [Gold and Silver Sky River Bottle] had lost its power, while he was not able to feel any power of laws between Heaven and earth!

“Who... who is it?” Yang Tianwu looked over, his throat trembled and his lips were a little dry.

On the ground.

The thin figure, who had ignored everything that had happened all this time, moved slightly.

Like a scarecrow being blown, he stumbled a step forward, took a deep breath, and then slowly looked up. His eyes that were as murky as a swamp were all of a sudden opened. There was no light in his eyes as he looked at Yang Tianwu in the sky. His cracked lips moved and a hoarse voice sounded, “So say, you think, you know what true power is?”

In an instant, everyone was shocked.

Countless eyes were all focused on the skinny old man.

At this moment, even an idiot would realize that all the abnormalities that had happened on Fierce Beast Peak was caused by the old man who they had ignored. But they also realized that the old man, who was like a withered piece of wood, was in fact a very terrifying existence.

Yes, an old man in ancient costumes was able to come out of the 18th district. His identity must be incredibly mysterious, and his strength must be extraordinarily powerful. But before all this he was ignored by everyone?

[Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu, who had planned and prepared everything in advance, also did not consider the existence of the old man——In fact he had ignored the old man from the beginning because the old man was simply too ordinary, so ordinary that he was like a grain buried in the desert. Even if one looked closely, he still could not be seen.

But who would have thought that this grain of sand would suddenly bloom out a brilliance that not even gold could be compared to.

Yang Tianwu's eyes almost popped out.

He felt a dry feeling in his throat, and a strong sense of foreboding had enveloped him. No matter how he tried to observe, no matter how he tried to detect, the old man simply did not exude the slightest fluctuation of power and aura, yet still gave him a frightening feeling that he had never experienced before.

“Elder... you... are...” Yang Tianwu's voice trembled.

Below.

“Do you really understand what true power is?” The old man was still raising his head, his eyes were as muddy as the water in a ditch, and his tone was extremely calm, as if he really was humbly asking a very serious question, but the voice was still hoarse.

Yang Tianwu was speechless.

“Even the great Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors would not dare to say that they have grasped true power. Even an eternal fiendgod cannot be detached from the shackles of power. With my bitter and persistent pursuit, I also thought that I had broken through Heaven and earth but was still trapped for four thousand years, unable to take a single step away. I almost exhausted my origin source and died as a result...” The voice of the old man was as calm as a stream flowing quietly under the moonlight, but the message contained was like a roar of thunder that it made everyone on Fierce Beast Peak tremble. Here, he slightly paused, and then seemed to be laughing at himself, but also laughing at other people. With a faint smile, he looked at Yang Tianwu. Finally there was a little more disdain and ridicule within his eyes as he said, “I dare not say that I know what true power is, but a junior like you who is inferior to even a fly or maggot dare to boast that you have grasped true power? Haha, what a joke...”

His voice faded.

The old man opened his mouth and breathed in.

A bizarre change appeared. It could not be seen with the naked eye, but from a bizarre angle one couls clearly feel that there seemed to be something that was inch by inch flowing into his mouth and there was something incredibly terrifying being inhaled and swallowed by him...

Then, his grey hair turned black.

Then, his sparse hair multiplied.

Then, his wrinkles disappeared.

Then, his body was glowing.

Then, his muscles bulged.

Then, his eyebrows grew thick and dark.

Then, his eyes turned bright.

Then...

Then, that skinny and shrivelled body, like a sponge absorbing water, gradually grew taller, gradually stood up straight, and gradually grew radiant and full of vitality. His qi and blood were like a vast ocean. By just breathing in, the old man had turned into a handsome, demon-like, and elegant man.

He, was the real [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 771:


Chapter 788, This name

Surging like an endless sea, the powerful blood and qi of the experts came roaring out from the tall and burly body. It was an abyss-like and mountain-like strength that gives people the feeling that it was as vast and endless as the universe. Even the [Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu, facing the handsome demon-like figure, also felt as small and insignificant as an ant, a grain of sand or a speck of dust.

On Fierce Beast Peak, everyone seemed to be petrified.

Breathing in and out.

A skinny man, who was like a withered piece of wood, had instantly transformed into a radiant youngster. The change was simply unthinkable. The experts that were able to come stand on Fierce Beast Peak were not ordinary people and were naturally able to see that the old man's previous state was not deliberately changed or faked, but his source origin was really depleted and he was in decaying state. However, now his blood and qi was abundant and full of vitality, and also a true endless source.

This sort of skill was like resurrection, almost like the divine ability of a fiendgod.

Even a Saint expert, no, even the great sage would not have such power.

Heavens, that old man... no, that young man, who is he exactly?

Innumerable eyes were firmly focused on the tall and burly figure.

And among the people, Ye Qingyu and the others were the most shocked.

Because they knew of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei’s] true identity, and had seen the Quasi-emperor trapped in the grey bronze shrine and almost exhausted his source origin. Even after he was freed, he was still in a very weak state for a very long time. They originally thought that the three days that they had spent in a unknown temple in the ancient city had allowed the Quasi-emperor to gather his last bit of strength to bring everybody out of the 18th district, but who would have knew that...

Who would have known that, although Ye Qingyu and the others thought that he was completely exhausted, he was instead in a brief state of adaptation and adjustment.

It turned out that it only took a short moment of time for him to restore his cultivation and longevity.

Was this the remarkable ability of a Quasi-emperor?

Ye Qingyu felt a great shock in his heart.

Legend had it that goda and demons were Immortal and eternal, and that martial arts emperors could kill goda and slaughter demons and were almost eternal. But he did not think that the remarkable ability of a Quasi-emperor could also reach this step. Even if his origin source was exhausted, as long as he was alive, he could still return to his peak state with just one thought.

The bald fatty was so excited that he was dancing with joy. The fat all over his body was shivering as strange cries came from his mouth, but he was not able to form a complete word.

Heaven and earth was silenced.

Not a sound was heard.

A faint smile came onto [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] face.

“Four thousand years have passed... The sky and land of this era had changed quite a lot, it took me a long time to adapt.” He slowly spread his arms wide, like he was embracing the new world. His body began to glow with a green brilliance and a plain and ancient green combat robe began to emerge, covering his body.

Suddenly, everyone narrowed their eyes slightly.

As the green combat robe was added onto his body, that burly and tall physique, an unparalleled charm bloomed , snatching away all the colours from Heaven and earth. Some people even dared not to gaze directly at his eyes, and even the most confident people would feel inferior at this moment.

Ye Qingyu's heart was wildly pounding.

This was [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

This was the real [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

He said to himself.

Legend had it that back then this Human Race Heaven's prideling had dominated the world for five hundred years. Everywhere he went, not even the top forces of foreign races dared to touch him. The Li Xiaofei at that time was handsome, peerless and was recognized as the absolute protagonist of that period, a nightmare for the experts of the other races and was even known as the perfect human being by the tens of  thousands of races of the great wide world. He was born with a halo. No matter where he went he was always the center of attention. Now that he had resumed the state of his peak time, indeed his every single movement contained an unparalleled strange charm.

Under the watchful eye of countless people, Li Xiaofei gently waved his hand.

The great silver formation that had sealed the entire Fierce Beast Peak silently vanished like smoke, like an illusion was destroyed, without leaving the slightest aura and trace.

[Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu let out a scream, spewing out mouthfuls of blood and trembling crazily.

The great formation had been broken and he had suffered the power of backlash; his injuries were not light at all.

“Ah...” he cried in horror, and no longer had the contempt and majesty as though he looked down on everybody in the world. Like a stray dog, his first reaction was to turn away. Facing the figure in a fluttering green robe, he had lost all of his courage.

However——

The brilliance from his body was flickering as it rapidly dimmed.

Yang Tianwu's eyes went wide as he was incredibly shocked to find that he could no longer activate any of his skills. He could not even fly, and his body was clearly imprisoned. He could feel that there was still strength in his body, but he found that he was unable to move. That feeling was too strange, too frightening.

“Four thousand years have passed, but the Jade Pearl Sect is still the same Jade Pearl Sect. Back then the twenty-fifth Jade Pearl Sect martial emperor, Qu Liushang, was a complete hypocrite from head to toe. Has that old thing died yet?” Li Xiaofei seemed to be muttering to himself as he raised his head to look at Yang Tianwu.

Yang Tianwu was simply terror stricken upon hearing such words.

A fear that he had never felt before drowned him, his mind had gone blank, and as he looked at Li Xiaofei, a light suddenly flashed in his mind as he all of a sudden remembered something. He then connected the words from him and a name that he could not believe he was going to say flashed in his mind...

“You... you are... you...”

Yang Tianwu was so shocked that he almost lost his ability to speak.

That name was on his lips, but he just could not say it out.

Because the meaning the name represented, as well as the weight it represented, were simply too shocking and terrifying.

He was so frightened that he was afraid that if he spoke out those words there would immediately be a shocking storm sweeping over the whole world, the order of the world would be destroyed instantly and the sky would collapse... Those words, that title, were too legendary and terrifying. Even if it were Yang Tianwu, a Saint expert, he also dared not speak of it.

In his heart, there were uncontrollable monstrous waves surging.

He couldn't believe it at all.

Why would he meet this person here, was it not rumoured that he had died in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss?

At the same moment, some of the other older generation experts on Fierce Beast Peak also began to speculate about his identity. In particular, some Human Race experts were so excited that their eyes were brimming with tears.

Because they used to see that man as their idol, a spiritual pillar, and had remembered that handsome and peerless face. Moreover, the glow on that green robe was deeply engraved in their soul...

“I can't believe that when I descend to the world of mortals again, the first person I kill would be a person of the Jade Pearl Sect. Is this fate?” Li Xiaofei let out a faint sigh.

“No, elder, I...” Yang Tianwu's soul had flown out of his body as he stammered to explain himself. A sentence from the other side had already made the high and mighty Saint feel the true aura of death.

However, before he had finished his words, like a drawn person on an ink painting that water was spilled on, he gradually dimmed and at a speed visible to the naked eye was eliminated in the Void. Everyone could see the terrified and almost hideous face of [Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu dissipating in the dark sky like an illusion until there was nothing of him left.

The scene was as beautiful as a rainbow after the rain. There was not the slightest whiff of blood or aura, nor even a ripple of power. It was simply difficult to associate the scene with the fall of a martial arts Saint expert.

Throughout the process, the [Gold and Silver Sky River Bottle] was trying to release a bright silver glow, seemingly to protect Yang Tianwu in it. Unfortunately it just flashed for a moment, before the whole bottle rapidly dimmed down and lost its luster.

On the ground.

Li Xiaofei didn't do anything.

It wasn’t until the body of Yang Tianwu disappeared above the sky that he gently lifted his hand, allowing the fake imperial bottle to reappear on his palm. His eyes fell on the bottle, gazing at it with a gentle look and finally he withdrew the palm.

Suspended in mid-air, the [Gold and Silver Sky River Bottle] seemed to have broken away from the restriction of some sort of power. With a slight jolt, it suddenly erupted in silver a brilliance, soared into the Void, created layers of ripples, and eventually disappeared.

“Hey, hey? Such a good treasure, you're just going to let go...” Fatty Sheng Yan, who had finally calmed down with great difficulty, felt a burst of pain. When he saw that his ancestor had caught the water bottle, he even thought to ask his ancestor to borrow the treasure to play with. Who would have thought that the old ancestor would let the water bottle go and return to the Jade Pearl Sect.

“It’s just an imitation.” Li Xiaofei turned to look at Fatty Sheng Yan. He was evidently very satisfied with this fellow descendant, but also cared about him a lot, “If you want, go snatch the [Heaven and Earth Plate] from the Jade Pearl Sect to play with later on.”

The [Heaven and Earth Plate] was the most valuable treasure of the Jade Pearl Sect. Generate and gain insight into Heaven and earth. All of the Jade Pearl Sect’s remarkable skills and techniques were derived from the [Heaven and Earth Plate] .

To say the words ‘snatch the [Heaven and Earth Plate]’. This was similar to attacking the Jade Pearl Sect.

Fatty Sheng Yan directly ignored the danger and difficulty. All of his attention was focused on the [Heaven and Earth Plate]. He excitedly rubbed his hands together and said, “Hehe, this... can I? Thank you ancestor, hehehe...”

“But if you want it, you have to snatch it yourself.” Li Xiaofei gently patted the fatty on the head, “Only what you take away yourself will really belong to you.” “

“Ah?” Fatty was dumbfounded.

Ye Qingyi on the other hand couldn't help laughing.

Li Xiaofei swept his gaze across Ye Qingyu and the several others, nodded, and then looked around at the many experts and said, “You all should disperse.”

It was only at this time that all the people came to their senses.

Some foreign race experts did not dare to say a word. Like they were granted amnesty, they turned into a stream of light and left Fierce Beast Peak right away without turning their heads round.

Many Human Race experts were kneeling and kowtowing in the Void before they were willing to leave. Everybody found it difficult to suppress their excitement and emotions, and were wishing to immediately share the news of what they had seen and heard on Fierce Beast Peak, let it spread throughout the world so that all the living beings of the great wide world would know that the great existence of the Human Race had returned.

That was when unexpected changes happened once again.

In the distant Void, there were several majestic streams of flowing light frantically coming and with a loud boom, landed on Fierce Beast Peak. Powerful auras swept and engulfed the entire area, locking on Ye Qingyu and the other people——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 772:


Chapter 789, Time to part



Ye Qingyu was first startled, but after another look, he finally calmed down again.

The figures who came were all Saint level experts, in addition to the Saint experts of the Black Demon Race there was someone who he recognized from before——the guardian Saint expert of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

“Your Highness, are you all right?”

“We pay our  respects to Your Highness.”

The three demon Saint experts came right away to stand next to the Little Princess, bowing respectfully and paying their respects, a nervous expression on their face.

They were the experts of the Black Demon Abyss martial hall, the representatives of the true top powers of the Black Demon Race. They rarely showed themselves in public and almost always stayed in the martial hall to train. They would not come out if it were not a major event. But this time the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race was involved so the three of them all rushed over here.

“I'm all right.” The Little Princess shook her head.

The guardian Saint expert of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden also immediately came to her side, examining her from head to toe before he was finally able to breathe out a long sigh of relief, and a hint of joy lit up his face, because he saw that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had already completed Nirvana. The most important thing had finally been completed.

“Uncle Feng.” The Celestial Phoenix Maiden greeted the guardian Saint, her voice was not as cold as before and instead there was a hint of gratitude.

“I'm glad you're out, I'm glad you're out, I thought you girl, you...” The guardian Saint Feng Silong was somewhat emotional that he even addressed her as ‘girl’.

He had watched the Celestial Phoenix Maiden grow up. Although they were not related by blood, their relationship was as close as father and daughter. Three days ago, when the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect splashed the dirty water onto Ye Qingyu and said that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had died, Feng Silong really blamed himself so much that he hated the fact that he was unable to immediately massacre the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain. But then the more he thought about it the more that he felt it wasn't right. As he was on his way back, he heard the news that there were people that had come out of the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss. Anxiously, he rushed back but he ran into an unknown guardian Saint who stopped him and the great battle had delayed him by one day.

The heavens took pity on him. He finally saw the Celestial Phoenix Maiden alive and well in front of him.

“What happened before?” The guardian Saint glanced around and sensed that something didn't feel right.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden had not answered, when Ye Qingyu came over with a smile on his face and gave a cupped fist salute, “Elder, we meet again, I ask elder to grant me Black Demon Herb, I have not disappointed and completed the mission of bringing the Celestial Phoenix Maiden back safely. We have completed our deal, right?”

Feng Silong was startled.

It was only now that he realized that the white-robed handsome youngster before him was the beggar-like young man in rags from three days before. The changes in aura between the two were too great that if Ye Qingyu had not spoken he really would not have recognized him.

“Indeed heroes come from among the youth.” Feng Silong nodded.

As for the bald fatty Sheng Yan, he naturally recognized him; however Feng Silong could not recognize the jade-like young man in green standing next to him, who was strangely handsome and with a very strange aura. Just as he was about to ask, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden tugged at his sleeve and shook her head.

Feng Silong was surprised for a moment, then looked deep in thought and did not say anything else.

The great battle that happened on Fierce Beast Peak was from the beginning covered up by [Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu's silver formation, which later was completely destroyed by [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] using his supreme divine ability and did not leave behind the slightest trace or aura. As a result, even with his level of cultivation, Feng Silong could not tell what exactly had happened here.

The three experts of the Black Demon Abyss martial hall felt the same as Feng Silong. Although they were puzzled, they kept silent and didn't say anything else after receiving a signal from the Little Princess.

For a moment, there was a very bizarre silence on Fierce Beast Peak.

For so many days, this was the moment that the number of people on Fierce Beast Peak was the least.

The wind soughed.

Black Demon qi scattered.

After the many days of chaos, Fierce Beast Peak, which as though it had been swept by an apocalypse, and was finally returned to silence.

However, the passage of time never stops and the world continues to change.

When would the next demon tide come, and when the time comes how many experts would be tempted and eventually have their lives and cultivation transformed here?

But everything was still unknown.

But it will eventually come.

Ye Qingyu gazed at the surroundings of Fierce Beast Peak that was shrouded in blood mist and clouds of Black Demon qi, as a sorrowful feeling came to his heart.

After lowering his head in silence for a moment, he turned around, sweeping his gaze across the people on the mountain summit and the heaven's pridelings who he had been through life and death with in the 18th district and who he had trusted and depended on.

Ye Qingyu felt very lucky. His greatest harvest from the 18th district was not obtaining countless divine treasures, medicine and opportunity, but to get to know these trustworthy friends.

Now, it was time to part.

Time was pressing and Ye Qingyu knew that he must quickly return to the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. More than one third of the one month of assessment period had passed and he also did not know how Xing'er and the others were now.

At the thought of this, Ye Qingyu felt an arrow was shot at his heart.

“Everybody, I still have important matters to deal with and must leave. The green mountain does not change and the blue water will flow forever, if you see me as a friend, then we will see each other again.” Ye Qingyu smiled and was ready to leave.

The Little Princess nodded slightly upon hearing this.

She looked at the few people at the summit, her eyes were no longer cold and there was instead a gentle brilliance. Finally, she shifted her eyes back to Ye Qingyu. The corner of her eyes twitched, as if she wanted to make an expression, but she turned around the next moment.

Demonic clouds rose into the air, and the Black Demon qi around them was faintly dissipating.

All of a sudden, the little figure in a black combat robe turned her head around, looked at Ye Qingyu, smiled and said in a firm tone of voice, “Ye Qingyu, I will remember you, I will help you clear your name and charges. I know, you are a good person, more importantly... we're friends.”

“Thank you.” Ye Qingyu nodded, the corners of his mouth curled in a smile.

The surging demonic clouds turned into a wave and the Little Princess and the others eventually disappeared into the Black Demon qi in the sky.

After the aura of the Black Demon Race experts had completely disappeared, the Phoenix Race's guardian Saint let out a sigh of relief, then suddenly thought of something and looked at the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, whispering, “Your highness, we should also go.”

The present Black Demon Abyss was not peaceful at all. The people who had come out of the 18th district had all encountered interception, whether it was the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit or the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect. There were Saint level experts hiding in the dark in order to seize the treasures that they had gathered from the 18th district. The situation back then was very tragic, and the experts who had hidden themselves in the darkness were all old monsters and cunning demons with terrifying strength. If the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect and the others did not have some secret treasures and weapons on them, then perhaps these heaven’s pridelings really would have died here.

Feng Silong was worried that there would be some cunning people with evil intentions still hiding in the dark to ambush the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, so the tone of his voice and the expression on his face also grew serious.

But the Celestial Phoenix Maiden seemed to have not heard his voice at all, and was still standing there blankly with an absent look in her eyes.

“Cough... Your Highness...” The guardian Saint raised his voice and spoke again, “Let's go back, too.”

“Oh...” Her eyelashes fluttered as she snapped out of her daze.

The guardian Saint felt helpless. Her Highness had always had this habit of being lost in thought, which did not seem to have improved as a result of her attaining nirvana.

“Yes, let's go...” The Celestial Phoenix Maiden turned her eyes in the direction of Ye Qingyu, and with a hint of imperceptible gentle expression in her eyes, she said, “Why don't you come with us... once we get out of Black Demon Abyss and get to a safe place we can part there.”

“That's right.” Feng Silong nodded. Ye Qingyu was also one of the people from the 18th district, which meant that he was also one of the targets of the people secretly hiding in the dark. This youngster was talented and was worth helping.

Who knew that Ye Qingyu gently shook his head, saying, “There is no need. I have other things to do. I understand your intention, thank you very much.”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden nodded. If it were not for Ye Qingyu, all of the people would have perished in the 18th district during this trip. He had too many cards on him that even she could not see through him, especially that giant cauldron... his safety should not be a problem.

Seeing that Ye Qingyu had insisted, Feng Silong no longer said anything else.

“Thank you elder for helping out.” The Celestial Phoenix Maiden was slightly hesitant, but still had to express her thanks to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. If Li Xiaofei had not helped out there was most likely nobody who could have suppressed that [Iron Heart Blood Saint] Yang Tianwu.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] turned to look at the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, nodding slightly.

Feng Silong felt that although this person did not exude the slightest ripple of strength, there was a breathtaking power in those calm eyes, which made him feel a great pressure. What was most astonishing to him was the fact that he felt that this person's face was somewhat familiar, as though he had seen him before, but he did not think too much, and eventually also gave a cupped fist salute and was ready to leave.

“We will see each other again, right?” As they were leaving, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden suddenly halted her footsteps and turned around to look at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was startled for a moment.

This was the first time that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had taken the initiative to speak to him with such a tone.

The memories of the past three days with the Celestial Phoenix Maiden flooded into Ye Qingyu's mind. When he first met her, she was quiet, always in a daze, and cold. But later on when they were picking herbs she exuded a hint of innocence, as well as that drop of precious Phoenix blood, and the trials and tribulations that they shared as they were trying to escape.

Unconsciously, Ye Qingyu had a strange feeling towards this female heaven’s prideling.

“Of course, we are friends, when the matters we need to do have been dealt with we can meet again at any time,” he replied with a smile.

Under the strange and mysterious mask, the eyes of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden suddenly bloomed out a bright and stunning lustre, as she gently nodded in response.

The two people who were looking at each other did not notice that Feng Silong's eyes were filled with shock upon the sight of this scene.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

