Chapter 913:


After all, the blood nourishment of the sword had helped him establish a spiritual link with it.

Click!

A soft ringing sound was heard.

In response to Ye Qingyu’s summoning, the black sword embryo vibrated slightly and a crack instantly formed on its surface. As the vibration became faster, more and more crack lines appeared on the sword embryo amid a lingering bout of clicking noises. Eventually, the entire sword embryo burst apart with a bang and scattered like a pile of black sludge.

“Has it really broken? F*cking hell... Huh? What’s that?”

When Ye Qingyu saw the sword embryo bursting apart, he was so shocked that his soul seemed to leave his body, and he really thought that the sword-casting had failed. But at this very moment, he saw a dazzling wisp of blood-colored splendor spurt forth from among the broken and scattered black dregs of the sword embryo. As a sword radiance flickered and a sharp sense swept toward him, he felt the feeling of a supremely precious sword being unsheathed.

Swish!

A beam of red light shot out from the sword embryo sludge and landed in his palm.

He fixed his eyes upon it.

“Is this… the [Blood Drinker Sword]?” He was a little dumbfounded, for it was a red pellet which was the size of a baby’s palm which landed in his hand. Its surface could not be any glossier, as if a layer of faint silver film was sealing a terrifying power within. Inside, a red sword light flickered indistinctly, as if tens of millions of sword qi shadows could shoot forth in a mere instant. One look at it was all it took for one to shudder in fear.

“The [Fiendgod Titled Chart] never mentioned that the [Blood Drinker Sword] would turn into a sword pellet when it has been refined to the fullest, so what’s going on here? It doesn’t look like it has failed, yet it’s different from the description in the sword-casting secret technique… Uh? Could I have unintentionally cast a new kind of treasure?”

Ye Qingyu was somewhat uncertain.

When he operated the [Eyes of the Void] and took another look at the sword pellet, he was able to see that, beneath the superficial silver radiance, infinite mysterious, profound, and minute formations were frantically circulating. These formations were extremely old and were filled with a chaotic aura. It was nearly impossible for the naked eye to discern that every one of them was formed from hundreds, thousands, and even tens of thousands of veins which were interlinked like chains. Each of them seemed to be deriving something, and contained an inexplicable divine mystery.

This was Ye Qingyu’s initial feeling when he first saw these formations.

“These should be primeval formations from that Blood Vine Demon Source which have been completely refined into a new kind of formation in the form of this blood pellet by adding divine formations of other divine materials, the divine properties contained within my blood essence, and weapon-casting formation power from the one hundred and eight ancient characters.”

He stopped channeling the [Eyes of the Void] and went into deep contemplation.

Although sword pellets were certainly mentioned in the ancient legends, they were nevertheless rare like no other. It was said that only the divine kings and demonic lords of past ages had cast them before by using supreme magical abilities. Allegedly, the emperor weapons of a martial emperor were also similar in form to sword pellets. The very best emperor weapons could change in tens of thousands of different ways and possessed inexhaustible power. In the hands of a martial emperor, they had the power to split the entire world and chop down the stars.

Ye Qingyu did not feel as if he had already refined a sword pellet as rare and precious as those mentioned in the legends. In fact, the red-colored sword pellet in his hand could barely pass for a sword pellet. Though it had the shape of one, it was far from possessing union with divine will. What he could confirm, however, was that he had managed to refine something similar to a sword pellet by accident.

If my luck continues to be this good, perhaps I may one day refine a proper sword pellet.

As the red sword pellet continued to revolve on his palm, he hesitated for a moment before injecting a wisp of divine consciousness into it. He then attempted to rouse the [Blood Drinker Sword] using the same method as before.

The next instant, a strange change occurred. The sword pellet suddenly gave off a compelling radiance which covered his entire palm and extended into a thick and heavy blood-colored longsword which had an unsophisticated shape, a sharp tip, and a circulating splendor. It was extremely similar in appearance to the [Blood Drinker Sword] of before.

“Magical.”

Ye Qingyu beamed with delight.

As his thoughts wandered, he felt a strange feeling of his mind instantly becoming saturated with a lot more information. It was as if the red sword pellet was interlinked with his mind and was continually changing the shape of the longsword according to his thoughts.

The unsophisticated longsword suddenly changed shape and became a magnificent and seemingly-transparent sword which was as broad as a finger in width and as thin as a cicada wing in thickness. As it vibrated faintly, the air split apart like butter. When Ye Qingyu changed his thoughts, the sword turned into a [Dragon Burning Moon Giant Knife] which was several meters in length and as thick and heavy as a mountain. It then transformed into a [City Sieging Great Axe] which weighed nearly five hundred kilograms, then into a warhammer, then into a three-section staff, then into a meteor hammer, then into a blood spear, then...

It could even transform into all kinds of concealed weapons and shields!

In accordance with Ye Qingyu’s thoughts, the red sword pellet continually changed into thousands of different shapes, as if it could imitate all weapons. Under his manipulation, it even turned into a highly realistic copy of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Ye Qingyu was beside himself with joy.

After an hour of experimentation, he had finally gained a grasp on the power of the red sword pellet.

It could turn into myriad kinds of weapons, albeit it was still at its most powerful when in sword form. When it transformed into a sword, Ye Qingyu could clearly feel a circulation of sword will all over his body. Its power was raised to the maximum while the many kinds of mysterious formations contained within it reached their most active state. Their increased effect on his battle strength also became the most terrifying. Furthermore, it was only in this form that its unique blood-drinking feedback force worked. When transformed into other kinds of weapons, all it would have were its sharpness and weight.

“Just as well. Aside from my physical fist techniques, the strongest aspect of my present martial path lies in my sword techniques. I’ve already fully comprehended the [Human King Sword Mantra] of the three major sword mantras. In combination with the red sword pellet, I believe it won’t take long for me to comprehend the meaning of the [Divine King Sword Mantra]. A sword pellet and my sword mantras will certainly work very well together!”

Ye Qingyu became a little excited as he mused.

“Since this red blood pellet was accidentally created when I was refining the [Blood Drinker Sword], I shall just call it… the [Blood Drinker Sword Pellet]!”

He kept back his divine consciousness.

The [Blood Drinker Sword Pellet] returned to its original form and continued to spin on his palm. Subsequently, it gradually seeped into his skin and disappeared.

This was an advantage of sword pellets - they did not need to be kept in one’s dantian to be concealed within one’s body.

“I’ve already used the heat of this Underground Fire Spirit Spring Sword Pit to its fullest and cannot further refine the [Blood Drinker Sword Pellet]. It’ll be up to luck whether or not I can raise it to a higher grade in the future!”

Ye Qingyu turned and left.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 914:


Chapter 931 – Sudden Inspiration


In the fire tree woods.

An orange-yellow full moon hung in the dark sky of few stars.

Like a clay sculpture, Zhen Shi of the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce remained kneeling quietly beside the woods.

Over the past few days, the president of the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce had personally requested to meet Ye Qingyu so as to resolve the differences, but was flatly rejected by the latter. As the mastermind behind the massacre of the northwestern Chi Brute Race, Zhen Shi trembled with fear and became increasingly afraid. That the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce had not resolved this issue after such a long time allowed him to vaguely realize that Ye Qingyu’s power was a lot more terrifying than he had initially imagined.

Completely steeped in fear, he knelt on the ground, motionless.

When Ye Qingyu emerged from the Underground Fire Spirit Spring Sword Pit and saw Zhen Shi’s kneeling figure, his heart gave a jolt and he walked over. News that this branch manager of the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce had been kneeling here for a long time had not only spread throughout the imperial capital but also reached the Road of Chaos and the Alliance of Domains. It was thus likely that many people were keeping an eye on how this matter would eventually be handled. While Ye Qingyu had repeatedly refused to meet the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce, he knew that he could not allow Zhen Shi to die kneeling here.

“How long do you intend to kneel for over here?” Ye Qingyu asked.

“Your Excellency...” Zhen Shi dared not raise his head when he heard Ye Qingyu’s voice. “Your Excellency, please show mercy.”

The latter looked at him and thought for a while before saying, “Chop off an arm and all is good.”

As if he had just been granted amnesty, he used two right-hand fingers as a sword to chop off his left arm without hesitation, “Thank you, Your Excellency.”

“Alright, you’re also a sensible person, and so I shall consider this matter to be half-resolved,” Ye Qingyu nodded. “Go back and tell your president to show your sincerity. When the northwestern Brute Race is also satisfied with the sincerity of the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce, this matter shall be considered fully resolved… Hmm, of course, you must send every murderer during the massacre to the punishment ministry of the Heaven Wasteland Empire, and cannot spare a single one of them.”

“Yes.”

After saluting respectfully, Zhen Shi stood up and left while carrying his arm.

He knew very well that he was lucky enough to have avoided death.

He had thought that he was dead for sure, and only hoped that his death would help save his family and friends from trouble.

He knew even clearer than the officials of the Heaven Wasteland Empire what the consequences of displeasing a Human Race deputy were. If the third deputy refused to drop this matter, then the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce would inevitably have to concede defeat. And based on his understanding of the president, he would surely be sacrificed in order to make up for the Chamber’s losses from paying such a huge price. In this way, his family members would suffer a miserable end and be condemned for eternity.

In truth, Zhen Shi had thought about many, many things while kneeling within the Fire Grove over the past couple of days.

Perhaps, this was because a person’s brain would suddenly become calm like never before when in a hopeless situation, or, as they say, a man always speaks from the heart when near death. Zhen Shi had thought that he was dead for sure, and so when he carefully reflected on his many fights and contentions in the marketplace over all these years, he had to admit that his methods were excessively vicious, bloody, and relentless. He had thought that he was in control of the destinies of others when in reality he would collapse at the first blow. Over the past ten days of torment during which he reflected on his life, he realized how much blood was on his hands and suddenly felt an unprecedented regret, and so he expressed penitence inwardly again and again.

Feeling rather grateful, he was determined to correct his ways and do good for the rest of his life so as to make up for his evil deeds.

After Zhen Shi departed, Ye Qingyu slowly turned his body and returned to the Light Palace.

It was not because of a moment of soft-heartedness that he spared Zhen Shi earlier. Rather, it was because he knew that it would not do for the matter of the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce to drag on. In truth, there was debate among the inner ranks of the empire regarding how to deal with the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce. In Ye Qingyu’s view, he had already achieved the deterrence effect he required with the precedent set by the matter of the Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce, and it would be counterproductive to continue pursuing and suppressing the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce. Moreover, if he really killed Zhen Shi, a first-class chamber of commerce like the Engraved Cauldron would leave the Heaven Wasteland Domain. This not only would not make up for the somewhat-boiling popular discontent of the northwestern Brute Race, but would also bring no benefit for the Heaven Wasteland Empire.

Of course, most importantly, Ye Qingyu wanted to know what exactly the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce had discovered in the Chi Brute tribal region which would cause them to risk universal condemnation and massacre so many brutes.

The subsequent highlight was how the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce intended to compensate the northwestern Brute Race and the Heaven Wasteland Empire.

If they opted to go about it painlessly and perfunctorily, Ye Qingyu would not mind doing a couple more things.

That was why he did not make things definite on this day.

Nothing really happened over the next few days.

Ye Qingyu spent most of his energy on the matter of building the Light Arsenal.

The reason why he was so enthusiastic about building arsenals, including the Matchless Arsenal in Matchless City and the Heaven Wasteland Arsenal in the imperial capital, was because of an inspiration he gained at the Alliance of Domains.

His experiences in foreign domains over the past year, especially his experiences on the Road of Chaos, allowed him to understand one thing very clearly – although the commerce and trade between the Heaven Wasteland Empire and various large chambers of commerce was very important for strengthening the foundation of the empire and improving people’s livelihoods, at the end of the day, it was a domain’s extent of martial civilization which was the most decisive factor regarding whether the domain could keep a foothold among the Vast Thousand Domains.

Therefore, his thinking was very simple. After showing his might to deter ill-intentioned people, whether they be outsiders or insiders, he would leave all commercial affairs to the empire’s officials and never interfere. Instead, he would personally handle all martial affairs.

In particular, he imagined that the Light Arsenal would be highly significant to the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Previously, after returning from the [Infinite Arsenal], he had discussed this with Yu Xiaoxing, who promptly began to implement it after she returned to the Heaven Wasteland Domain. By now, the foundation of the arsenal had more or less been built. The remaining work, such as the setting up of formations and security measures, would require more careful workmanship, which, from the entire domain, only Ye Qingyu was able to perform.

This was a long-term project.

Using the time when he was not cultivating, Ye Qingyu
completed step after step without worry.

At the same time, he made plans to visit old acquaintances in the Clear River Domain.

For some reason, he especially wanted to visit the Clear River Domain during this period of time. This feeling was somewhat akin to a “suddenly-inspired” strange vision which, according to the legends, a pinnacle martial expert would receive when their divine consciousness and spirit reached peak level. He had a nagging intuition that something big was about to happen in the Clear River Domain.

During this period of time, he also took out a day to return to Deer City to visit old acquaintances.

Of course, it was Qin Lan and Little Grass whom he visited first.

The Ye mansion in Deer City remained mostly unchanged. Like the nearby residences of merchants, there were no more than thirty to forty people living within. The courtyard walls and main gate were heavily weathered and appeared rather more worn-out than several years ago. However, nobody dared to belittle this small mansion. Whether in the official circles or the martial world, it was considered the most powerful house and drew the glances of countless people. To exaggerate things a little, few people in the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain would dare to offend even a six-year-old girl, untrained in martial arts, who stepped out from this mansion.

Because, this was the rightful home of Ye Qingyu.

Qin Lan, who now wielded great authority in the Ye mansion, was an extremely low-key and modest person with little ambition. She not only had rejected suggestions from imperial officials to rebuild the mansion on countless occasions, but also kept the mansion staff within extremely strict bounds. She had never taken part in any official matter in Deer City, and would never talk about any issue that was not related to household affairs. She rarely received any visitors.

In the past few years, there were initially many imperial officials, local chambers of commerce, and also foreign domain chambers of commerce who wanted to make use of Qin Lan to get close to Ye Qingyu. However, they were rejected by her without exception. However, there was one matter which caused the entire Deer City and also countless people from the Snow capital to sigh with emotion.

It was that the price of land around the Ye mansion had skyrocketed like mad over the past few years. Although the nearby houses were in a rich neighborhood and were well-constructed, even the best of them used to cost at most ten thousand gold. This, however, was the price of five years ago. By now, the measure of land price had changed from gold to origin crystals. Even tycoons from as far away as the Snow capital did everything they could to buy a house in the vicinity of the Ye mansion. They might not be planning anything, but it was nevertheless a form of safeguard to become neighbors with Qin Lan and her companions and slowly establish good relations with them.

This was because many people in the empire knew that Lord Ye Qingyu deeply respected Qin Lan.

All these years, the events of Ye Qingyu’s childhood had never been secret. His parents died early, and so Ye Qingyu treated Qin Lan like a mother. In his mind, her words carried great weight and even way surpassed those of many imperial ministers.

The entire Ye mansion went into celebration mode when he returned.

Without concealing his tracks and while accompanied by Qin Lan and some others, he first went to his parents’ graves to pay his respects, then went to the riverside to recollect old memories. Regardless of what his real identity was, and whether or not the man and woman in the two stone coffins which sank into the river were his birth parents, those warm and vivid memories of his childhood could tell no lies. And even if they were only foster parents, they were, in his heart, no different from birth parents whom he deeply missed and cherished the memory of.

After returning to the mansion, he did nothing else but talk to Qin Lan and Little Grass about a few trivial affairs, just like normal families did. Qin Lan was very happy, while Little Grass’ laughter could be heard throughout the entire mansion.

He idled like that for an entire day.

He became relaxed like never before.

Aunt Lan was looking a lot better than three or four years ago.

Little Grass, meanwhile, had grown into a graceful and fair young woman and was said to be the greatest beauty in Deer City, with many admirers. Under Ye Qingyu’s secret arrangement, she had spent the past few years in White Deer Academy. However, she had cultivated top-level techniques and her strength had grown at an extremely fast rate, while her results in the examinations of the top ten imperial colleges amazed everyone. At present, she had already become a goddess-level personality among the new generation.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 915:


Chapter 932 - Minor Accomplishment in the Divine Emperor Sword Mantra



An evening banquet was held in the Ye mansion.

It was just a family banquet with no outsiders invited.

After the banquet, Ye Qingyu went to the White Deer Academy to have a talk with Dean Hon Kong.

During the conversation, Ye Qingyu suddenly remembered the skinny elder who beat him up when he was facing a wall and meditating, and casually asked about him.

However, Hon Kong shook his head and indicated that he did not know about this person.

Actually, Ye Qingyu had already raised this matter several years ago, but the White Deer Academy did not manage to find anyone like this. In truth, Hon Kong was also very curious. However, this person seemed to have vanished into thin air, and not a trace of him could be found. Ye Qingyu even tried emitting his divine spirit to perform a thorough search but did not find any such person.

“This is weird.” Ye Qingyu felt doubtful.

He then began to talk about Lan Tian, that secretive blue-haired youth.

“Sigh… he’s still a menace in the academy. He has been retained for ten thousand years and often causes a mess.” Hon Kong wore a distressed expression on his face. “He’s a regular in the Repentance Hall, but it’s no use. Sometimes, I really wish I could strangle him to death.”

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu asked a little curiously, “What’s his background?”

He remembered that, when he was in White Deer Academy, he had some interaction with Lan Tian. During his first wilderness training, it was the latter who pretended to be an instructor and led the team out. Later during that training, Ye Qingyu had a fortuitous encounter and received three bright pearls and the bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart] from the mouth of a golden clam. From then on, his growth skyrocketed, and as he gradually became immersed in the tide of worldly affairs, he no longer concerned himself with Lan Tian, who was just a student in the academy after all. At this time, however, Hon Kong’s words piqued his curiosity again.

“I do know that he was brought in by a former dean, but I don’t know about his exact identity. A secret decree from the imperial capital ordered that he shall remain forever in White Deer Academy…” Hon Kong shrugged his shoulders. “Therefore, I cannot neglect him yet cannot control him completely either. And I was told not to ask about his identity.”

“A secret decree from the imperial capital?” Ye Qingyu was a little surprised.

“Yes, it was from the old emperor.” Hon Kong stated frankly, for there was no need to hide anything from Ye Qingyu, whose surprise only grew as he nodded.

Before the accession of the Empress, the old emperor had already begun paying no attention to major state affairs. And after the accession, he basically went into seclusion and cared about nothing. To think he would care about a White Deer student so far away and even issue such a strange secret decree. Could Lan Tian be somehow related to the imperial family?

Although he had these ideas, Ye Qingyu did not ask further.

He was merely being curious, and knew that everyone had their secrets which he did not necessarily have to uncover completely.

After staying for another day in Deer City, he returned to the imperial capital.

Another month passed in a twinkling.

News from the Heaven Wasteland Building in Heaven Connect City stated that Ren Puyang had yet to return. This worried Ye Qingyu somewhat.

He wondered what matter it was that required Ren Puyang to spend such a long time handling. It should be known that, for many years prior, the latter had remained in Heaven Connect City and rarely went into action in person even when the Human Race was facing great trouble. Moreover, he was only away for a few days on the rare occasions when he headed out. Although he certainly knew how lofty and terrifying Ren Puyang was whether in terms of status or personal cultivation, he nevertheless felt a bad premonition now that the latter had been away for such a long time.

However, the only thing he could do was wait for news.

The construction progress of the Heaven Wasteland Arsenal was a lot slower than he had imagined. He only now realized that there were a lot more unanticipated troubles, big and small, which he had to personally resolve. Given how shallow the foundation of the Heaven Wasteland Domain was, there was not even a single qualified formation master, while the only people who could help him were Ouyang Buping and Dugu Quan.

After a few days of worry, he eventually managed to get back his patience and made slow progress.

In the end, he incorporated his cultivation into the process of building the arsenal.

Swish swish swish!

Visible sword qi burst forth and cut across the Void.

In his hand, the [Blood Drinker Sword Pellet] turned into streaks of sword light that shot forth. Like formation-engraving pens, they engraved formation marks on the walls of the arsenal, causing stone chips to fly in all directions. The speed of engraving defensive formations for the arsenal was a lot faster. During this process, Ye Qingyu’s mastery of the [Blood Drinker Sword Pellet] grew rapidly. At the same time, his comprehension of the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra] increased little by little.

Of the three major sword mantras in the [War God Sword Mantras], the [Human King Sword Mantra] was the basic one. It was a collection of all basic sword techniques, and after attaining a major accomplishment in it, one could summon at will a sword which gave off an invisible and all-conquering radiance. By now, Ye Qingyu had already completely comprehended it. In seemingly-direct contrast, the profound meaning of the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra] lied in making the invisible sword light visible, and using visible sword qi and sword will to derive the myriad sword techniques of this world, with laws and Dao essence contained within. This was not just a derivation of myriad sword techniques, but more so a derivation of the laws of the five elements.

The five elements of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth reinforced and counteracted one another, and needed to be derived fully for Yin and Yang to grow and for the laws and Dao essence of the world to be truly fused. In simple terms, the ultimate meaning of the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra] lied in a full derivation of laws and the growth of Yin and Yang.

One could only be called a Divine Emperor when one had mastered the power of laws and converted it into a sword which could kill deities and demons alike.

Having already become a Saint, Ye Qingyu had insight and clear vision of the laws, and naturally was not like Heaven Ascension and Immortal Step realm warriors who could only cultivate single elements and laws. The problem, however, was that, despite having insight and vision, to truly incorporate the laws and Dao essence into one’s sword techniques and will was extremely difficult. That was why Ye Qingyu’s comprehension of the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra] had only just begun. Then again, the construction of the arsenal’s engraved formations coincidentally required elemental formation laws in Ye Qingyu’s design. Using the [Blood Drinker Sword Pellet] to shoot forth sword will engravings happened to be in line, or even mutually complementary, with the cultivation technique of the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra]. Moreover, the elemental formation patterns engraved by Ye Qingyu were no ordinary formations, but instead were the profound meanings he had obtained from the seemingly-abandoned library in the [Formation Emperor] Luoso’s palace. These immensely-complicated engravings contained inheritances from an ancient martial emperor, and their benefits to Ye Qingyu’s cultivation of the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra] were immeasurable.

Just like that, another month went by in a flash.

The engraving of formations for the Heaven Wasteland Arsenal were barely half-completed.

However, Ye Qingyu’s comprehension of the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra] nearly reached [First Glimpse of the Gateway] level.

He was already adept at the various ingenious usages of the [Blood Drinker Sword Pellet], and later on, he did not even need to use it. Instead, he could directly use his body as a sword to cultivate the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra]. Any of his fists, arms, and legs could summon swords, and whenever he exerted a punch or kick, a wisp of sword light would form. This was the so-called invincible battle technique which he derived from his physical power. It was only an imagination at first, and its subsequent power way surpassed what he had anticipated.

As another month passed, Ye Qingyu unknowingly became immersed in the wonderful feeling of cultivation.

Subsequently, he was no longer satisfied with only cultivating his sword will while building the arsenal. He went to an uninhabited stretch of wilderness where he fully displayed his sword will. He exerted punches to kill the waves on an ocean and exerted kicks to split mountains apart. Although these punches and kicks looked completely normal when exerted, they contained supreme sword will and qi. Over more than a month of cultivation, he developed the rudiments of using his body as a sword.

On this day, he was standing among the clouds in the highest heavens.

Boom!

He smashed a fist forth.

With a peerlessly sharp radiance, it cut across the Void and created a kilometer-long rift in the vault of heaven. Wherever the radiance passed, the air, clouds, mist… everything would be sliced apart. The giant rift did not dissipate at all even after half an hour went by. In fact, in the fifteen minutes after he exerted the punch, those birds and giant beasts which inadvertently crossed the rift were not able to respond in time and, upon a flash of the sword radiance in the Void, were chopped into minced meat and scraps that swirled all over the sky.

“Sword will branded in the void? This… could I have unintentionally created a martial path of my own?”

Ye Qingyu felt a mix of astonishment and excitement.

This was truly a pleasant surprise.

As he sat cross-legged in the Void, he recalled the feeling during the moment when he exerted the punch. When he reattempted it several times in succession subsequently, he was able to brand the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra] in the Void each time, albeit with varying strengths and lasting durations.

He sat quietly in the Void as he looked at the sky which had been fragmented by the divine emperor sword will before he closed his eyes to seek comprehension.

……

Three days later.

He returned to the imperial capital.

Another three days went by.

The engraving of the formations for the Heaven Wasteland Arsenal was completed.

While it originally required at least two more months to be completed, it became easy after Ye Qingyu had completely comprehended the profound meaning of the divine emperor sword will branding the Void. Within just three days, he finished the job entirely. He then spent half a day or so embedding divine-level origin crystals in each and every formation eye, before using another five kilograms of divine-level origin crystals to activate the core formation of the arsenal.

As a roar was heard throughout the world, thunder and lightning formed.

At the moment when the formation was completely activated, the world seemed to respond, producing something like a heavenly calamity in the Void. Giant funnel-shaped calamity clouds which were wreathed in purple lightning appeared as if they wanted to pulverize the entire imperial capital. For a time, all beings in the imperial capital trembled in fear, and even the aces among the consortiums from foreign domain chambers of commerce were shocked. The power of these clouds were simply beyond imagination, and gave the impression that some supreme expert might be in control of them.

The next moment, however, a beam of sword radiance shot up into the sky.

As if a supreme swordsman had just unsheathed a matchless divine sword.

Boom!

The lightning calamity clouds were shattered by this beam of sword radiance, turning into nothingness.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 916:


Chapter 933 – A Letter from Tang Chong


The skyful of calamity clouds eventually cleared, but the horror of the punch radiance continued to shine upon everyone’s hearts.

Although it could not be confirmed, practically everyone knew that there was only one person in Snow capital who could have exerted such a punch.

They were instead curious about what exactly caused the calamity clouds to form, and whether it was yet another breakthrough in
that
person’s strength which incited these clouds.

Various kinds of discussions and speculations went on for some time. However, nobody really dared to go ask
that
person. In particular, the inner fears of the foreign domain forces were relatively deeper, and naturally, their attitudes became more proper than before in their subsequent business dealings with the Heaven Wasteland Empire.

In truth, Ye Qingyu himself did not expect the formations engraved in the Heaven Wasteland Arsenal to attract lightning calamity clouds at the instant they were activated. Normally speaking, only the appearance of an extremely heaven-defying person or object would trigger heavenly rage and divine punishment and thereby lead to the production of calamity clouds. He thus wondered if the defensive formation he had designed was highly heaven-defying, and felt rather proud while thinking about this. The mental road-map for his design of the arsenal’s layout was referenced from the [Infinite Arsenal] of the Alliance of Domains, and the formation he had set up within was mostly based on Formation Emperor Luoso’s formation technique, supplemented by a secret technique which was found among the one hundred and eight ancient characters. This could be considered a unique invention. When the formation began full operation, it would be able to absorb the universe’s spiritual qi and turn it into activation energy, and would be able to withstand a strike from a pinnacle Great Saint. Such a defensive level certainly could not be breached by anyone from the Heaven Wasteland Domain, whereas pinnacle Great Saint-level beings from foreign domains were unlikely to have nothing better to do than forsaking their status and coming to rob the secret techniques in the Heaven Wasteland Arsenal.

After completing all this, Ye Qingyu went to the palace to visit Empress Yu Xiaoxing, whom he chatted with for half a day as a way of helping her to temporarily take her mind off the myriad political matters she was bogged down by.

Persuaded by her, he performed the [Young Xiaoxing of the Fast-aging Heaven Wasteland] sword technique together with her in the Imperial Garden. Later on, he improved this sword technique a little based on the original, and changed its name to [Young Xing Sword of the Heaven Wasteland], for he had always felt that the original name was weird and rather inauspicious. Yu Xiaoxing was naturally happy with the changes for a very simple reason – after the changes, this sword technique became a technique exclusive to her and her cousin-brother.

After having dinner with her in the palace, Ye Qingyu returned to Light City.

When he returned, he again received a letter from Tang Chong, the commander of the white-robed divine guards in Heaven Connect City. In the letter, Tang Chong revealed that Ren Puyang had still not returned to Heaven Connect City. These days, the first deputy held the fort of the Human Race in the Alliance of Domains, and everything was going considerably smoothly. However, Tang Chong was also in the dark regarding the matter behind Ren Puyang’s secretive expedition. According to the investigations which he had sufficient authority to perform, he could confirm that no major event had taken place in the Vast Thousand Domains, and so he was not able to determine Ren Puyang’s whereabouts via induction.

“The first deputy?” Ye Qingyu felt surprised as he read the letter.

He was given the status of third deputy with his promotion to a Human Race deputy, and naturally knew that there was a first and second deputy. However, who these people were and where they came from remained deeply mysterious. He had heard stories that they were experts of extraordinary strength who never appeared in public, as if they were Ren Puyang’s shadows and perpetually hid in the dark such that nobody knew their true identities. With the addition of Ye Qingyu as a third deputy, the Human Race had a total of four spokespersons at the Alliance. The prominent ones were Ren Puyang and Ye Qingyu, while the other two were unknown.

Certainly, Ren Puyang’s approval was required for one to become a Human Race deputy. This thereby meant that both the first and second deputies were credible people. Hence, Ye Qingyu relaxed a little after reading the letter, safe in the knowledge that the Human Race was not in a leader-less predicament at the Alliance of Domains.

The letter also contained some news of the Phoenix Race.

Unfortunately, these pieces of news were of little use to Ye Qingyu.

This was because, in the letter, Tang Chong only vaguely mentioned that the Phoenix Race seemed to be preparing for war, and was maintaining a relaxed facade while actually intense inside. However, it was not within his power to find out the reason why they were going to war and the identity of their opponents. Moreover, there was no news about the Celestial Phoenix Maiden whom Ye Qingyu was most concerned about. According to Tang Chong, this maiden, who had wowed the Vast Thousand Domains for decades, had not been seen since more than half a year ago, which, by Ye Qingyu’s calculations, was when he met her in the Phoenix Race’s hall in the divine temple of the Alliance.

Ye Qingyu was somewhat worried by this.

Although the Phoenix Race and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden were both very strong, the latter was injured when Ye Qingyu last saw her. Besides, he actually knew who the Phoenix Race was preparing for war against, while he himself had all along never given up on the Unmoving City of Darkness. Unfortunately, these four words seemed to be a kind of taboo and were excessively mysterious, such that nobody talked about them. As he recalled the vivid images of various sects jointly fighting and killing when the Unmoving City of Darkness appeared in the Heaven Wasteland Domain, he could not feeling worried like never before for Song Xiaojun.

Ye Qingyu had thought about going to find Song Xiaojun, but now had no means of finding her.

He had also attempted to contact the Phoenix Race, but without going through a friend like the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, they would absolutely not talk about a taboo topic with him.

In addition, Tang Chong’s letter mentioned a few other things.

The Four Stars holy girl, who was rendered ashen-faced and all but discredited as a result of Ye Qingyu’s matter, had ended her self-isolation two months ago, and was walking among the Vast Thousand Domains again. As soon as she emerged, she successively crushed several experts of various races who used to be equal in standing with Ye Qingyu and superior in fame to herself, displaying exceedingly terrifying strength and attracting unprecedented attention. As such, her renown had reached a higher level than before. By now, there were already people who called her the top female expert of the new generation. Her actions were certainly extremely conspicuous.

To the surprise of many people, there had recently been an endless series of female Heaven’s pridelings springing up. Aside from the Four Stars holy girl, two young female Heaven’s pridelings had emerged on the Road of Chaos. Their origins and identities were extremely mysterious, and they had sprung up completely without warning.

One of them was rumored to be a successor of White Jade Capital, which was a Human Race ancient sect that had died out tens of thousands of years ago.

As the poem goes, “The White Jade Capital of Heaven has twelve pavilions and five cities. Deities caress my head and grant me longevity.” This was a poem which had resounded through the Vast Thousand Domains ten thousand years ago. The words “White Jade Capital” referred to none other than this sect, which was said to be feared by everyone and to have produced countless Immortals. It mastered a secret technique of longevity which was an inheritance from a former emperor of the early days of creation. It used to be matchlessly powerful, such that even a hegemonic sect like the Four Stars Sect could not compare to it. Unfortunately, it was annihilated overnight, shocking the entire Vast Thousand Domains, for nobody could imagine what kind of power could have wiped out a sect like this overnight. This became one of the most astonishing mysteries in history. Legend had it that this was because White Jade Capital had become excessively heaven-defying by mastering the longevity technique, thereby incurring Heaven’s wrath and getting wiped off the face of the universe...

Many people originally thought that White Jade Capital had already become ancient history and a name of long ago. Nobody could have guessed that a successor would suddenly emerge in this world, thereby causing widespread shock. Many forces and beings wanted to know whether this successor still possessed the secrets of longevity.

Although the origin of the other emerging female Heaven’s prideling was not quite as prominent, there were two points which caused a stir throughout the Vast Thousand Domains.

The first was her appearance, which was beautiful and gorgeous to an extreme. It was said that even a Saint who was already several thousand years old and free of all desires and passions would be touched by her beauty upon seeing her smile. There was a Fox Race Heaven’s prideling who fell madly in love with her upon seeing her shed a tear, while, in less than three months, countless young talents from various races, too, fell head over heels in love with her and were even willing to become her servant.

The second was that this girl of generational talent and beauty had unexpectedly mastered many top-level battle techniques of various sects and races, and could adeptly display the martial craft of various races. She had broken through the racial limitations of many techniques, and, incredibly, was able to display the secret techniques of dozens of races even more powerfully than the aces of the respective race. This girl was called the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy].

These three female Heaven’s pridelings, namely the Four Stars holy girl, the White Jade Capital successor, and the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy], had stirred up the Vast Thousand Domains and captured the eyeballs of countless people, becoming the focal point of various sides. By comparison, the stir which Ye Qingyu had caused on the Road of Chaos some time ago had already gradually subsided and was mentioned by very few people. As the saying went, every new generation excels the previous one. In less than four months, Ye Qingyu had already become old news.

Tang Chong was emotional like never before in his letter.

At the tailend of the letter, Tang Chong did not forget to vaguely mention the repercussions on the Road of Chaos caused by Ye Qingyu’s tough stance on the chambers of commerce. He expressed his belief that this was the right thing to do, and stated that the nineteen cities of chaos’ opinion of the Heaven Wasteland Domain was slowly rising, with many people beginning to see the Heaven Wasteland Domain as equals. Tang Chong also clearly expressed that, should Ye Qingyu run into trouble during this process, the white-robed divine guards would certainly be willing to lend their strength. Tang Chong even asked if Ye Qingyu needed him to dispatch a squad of white-robed divine guards to defend Snow capital.

This was certainly a show of goodwill.

After reading the letter, Ye Qingyu calmed down and wrote a reply letter which he then gave orders to be delivered to the Heaven Wasteland Building and handed to Tang Chong.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

