Chapter 1041:


Chapter 1056 The Re-emergence of Insane Devil Ye?


The [Demon Sage] was enraged upon hearing Ye Qingyu's words.

He was the Chief Commander of the Divine Guards of the Demon Race, and for him to become a floor sweeper in the Heaven Wasteland Building was a humiliation for the entire Demon Race headquarters.

He could never accept such terms.

The [Demon Sage] made up his mind and was about to say something fitting for the situation he was in, but he caught sight of Ye Qingyu's cold stare when he raised his head. The god of death seemed to be waiting for him to talk back so that he had a reason to slaughter all of the demons. He felt his heart turn cold and his courage disappear, and he no longer dared to speak again. He lowered his head dejectedly and stood off to the side.

The other Black Guards looked at each other, not knowing how to react. They did not dare to leave, yet they were extremely terrified.

"Go," Purple Night said, sounding very much like a common hoodlum now. "All of you, return back to headquarters."

"Yes, sir."

They stood in formation to receive their orders. Finally, they had a reason to leave.

Just like that, the Black Guards, who had made such a grand entrance earlier, fled with their tails between their legs, not even daring to turn their heads back.

All of the humans on Wuqing street felt extremely emotional and excited as they witnessed the demons fleeing.

It was payback for them.

What sweet payback.

A forceful and overpowering manner was the trait a true leader of the humans should have.

Ye Qingyu did not bother himself with the dejected Purple Night anymore. He turned around and walked slowly back to the steps at the gates of Blue Cloud Manor before turning back to look at the prostrate Fang Bule. He felt extremely irritated, as he had to hold back when dealing with humans. He could not kill them as or when he wished, like he could the demons.

After all, it was not easy for his kind to produce experts, and far too much human blood had been shed already.

In Ye Qingyu's mind, he was extremely unwilling to cause the deaths of any of his own people.

"If it wasn't for the fact that you're human, the old me would have slain you right here long ago for your despicable acts and arrogant manner. You were also extremely cruel to your own people..." Ye Qingyu felt melancholic as he watched the sweaty Fang Bule. He shook his hands and continued, "Scram. Go back and tell Ou Wuji that I, Ye Qingyu, will serve as guarantor for the people of Blue Cloud Manor and the old subordinates of Lin Yutang. I'll hold a trial and decide if they're guilty or not. If I hear any news of any innocent human Divine Guards being captured or killed, don't blame me for turning nasty. I'll welcome him anytime if he wishes to discuss it, and I'll personally investigate Mr. Ren Puyang's cause of death. Early tomorrow morning, I'll head to the mourning hall in the divine temple of the humans to pay respects to Mr. Ren Puyang."

"Yes."

Fang Bule was as respectful and obedient as a harmless sheep now.

He bowed and got up before gathering his team of White-robed Divine Guards. They spurred their unicorns and left Wuqing street at top speed.

A strange atmosphere pervaded the quiet air of the street.

All of the experts who had witnessed the entire scene were shocked beyond words, and they also did not dare to speak; they could feel their emotions in turmoil. Blue Cloud Manor should have been easy pickings for the combined might of the White-robed Divine Guards and demonic Black Guards, and no one expected for them to have met with such a formidable obstacle. They suffered heavy losses and their commanders ended up on their knees. This was explosive news.

Aside from the death of Ren Puyang, there had not been news of such magnitude in Heaven Connect City.

One could imagine what sort of terrible repercussions would be caused if news of the guards' defeat were to spread around.

Also, everyone knew that the matter would not be so simply resolved.

Ye Qingyu, the Third Deputy of the humans, had made his stand very clear with his forceful manner and methods. Evidently, he was not in Ou Wuji's camp, and his decision of harboring Lin Yutang and the others was an obvious sign that he planned to reopen investigations into Ren Puyang's death. There were so many things that could be inferred from this act, and it seemed inevitable that the autopsy was going to be overruled or questioned.

Ye Qingyu, Huang Tianfang, and the others turned and returned back to Blue Cloud Manor.

Purple Night followed behind them dejectedly.

The gates of the manor shut with a resounding clang.

It was only then that the long-suppressed tension pervading Wuqing street began to fade.

Everyone, no matter what race they belonged to, could feel a huge weight had been lifted off their shoulders, and they began to take in huge breaths of air. Soon afterward, noises rang out everywhere on the street, as if a dormant volcano had erupted. The entire street began to stir as everyone began discussing what they just witnessed.

Unquestionably, everything that happened here today was going to become a terrible lit fuse.

No one dared to predict where this lit fuse would lead to.

At the very least, they could see the Demon and Human Races being involved.

The incident would ferment at an insane pace in the near future.

Didn't Ye Qingyu mention that he would go to the mourning hall in the divine temple of the headquarters of the Human Race early tomorrow morning to pay respects to Ren Puyang?

I'm afraid that by that time there will already have been a huge uproar in the mourning hall, right?

Everyone was waiting to see what would happen.

...

...

"Lord Ye Qingyu, I, Huang Tianfang, am truly convinced."

The Lord of Blue Cloud Manor laughed heartily in the main hall, as if he had just eaten an icy watermelon during the hottest part of summer.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

"We would like to thank you for saving our lives, Lord Deputy."

"We'll continue to repay your kindness in the next life, sir."

"We're willing to serve you to the death, my lord."

The surviving White-robed Divine Guards knelt down and bowed to thank Ye Qingyu, all of them feeling extremely grateful.

If it were not for Ye Qingyu's efforts to salvage the situation today, they would have been long dead.

These dozens of survivors felt extremely anguished and angry as they thought back on how much danger they had gone through and how much blood they had shed for their kind. They had held firm to their beliefs even when facing the most extreme dangers and were wounded while serving the divine temple. They had never retreated when facing their opponents, and most of their comrades had already perished in battle, yet they had to bear being called traitors.

They were not afraid of death.

They were afraid that they could not clear their names even after death. They were worried about being cursed by their own kind and about carrying the name of traitors forever.

That was the most terrifying and lamentable thing to them.

"Get up, all of you," Ye Qingyu said as he raised his hand. A force of the five elements surged out and lifted the dozens of White-robed Divine Guards up. He continued, "I saved you upon the request of Commander Tang Chong. Otherwise, I wouldn't have reached this place in time. Also, I'll personally investigate the cause of Mr. Ren Puyang's death. Once I find out why he died, I'll not forgive anyone among you who has done anything wrong to the headquarters of the Human Race or Mr. Ren Puyang."

"Rest assured, sir. If we've done anything despicable like that, you won't have to lift a finger. We'll take care of it ourselves."

"No, we'll swear to the heavens."

"We're willing to give full cooperation to your investigation, sir."

All of the White-robed Divine Guards spoke emotionally.

Ye Qingyu nodded and said, "Fine, all of you can stay in Blue Cloud Manor for the time being. Tomorrow, I'll go and pay respects to Mr. Ren Puyang in the mourning hall, and after that, I'll head to the dungeon myself to meet Commander Lin Yutang. Everything will become clear to me then."

...

...

Bam!

The ten-thousand-year-old lapis lazuli table cracked into pieces instantly.

Ou Wuji's eyebrows leapt up and down, his anger having evidently reached a boiling point.

The entire meeting hall was completely silent. No one dared to speak, you could even hear a pin drop.

"Did he really say that? That he'll act as guarantor for Lin Yutang and Blue Cloud Manor?" Ou Wuji said. Since becoming the First Deputy of the humans, he had rarely shown his emotions in public or spoken so angrily to his subordinates like this. Obviously, he was shocked by the news that Fang Bule had brought back. He could not imagine how crazy Ye Qingyu had become to have done something like that in Heaven Connect City.

"Yes."

Fang Bule did not even dare to lift his head up as he spoke softly and remained in a kneeling position.

After this fight, his reputation would be tarnished, if not completely destroyed. He would no longer be in a position to give orders, and it would be hard for him even to remain as a member of the Divine Guards.

"This Ye Qingyu has really gone insane."

Ou Wuji was extremely angry.

He thought that everything would be in his control after Ren Puyang's death and that no one would dare to defy him, especially not in Heaven Connect City, where his word was law among the humans there. He had not imagined that Ye Qingyu would dare to go against his orders. How could he tolerate such disobedience?

"Relay my orders. Activate the White-robed Worship Team and get them to lay siege to the Heaven Wasteland Building. I want every living thing in that building slain," Ou Wuji said, a bloody glow lighting up his eyes. Even though he had not been personally present at the Battle of Wuqing street, the reputation that he had taken such pains to construct had taken a severe beating.

Everyone trembled in fear upon hearing his orders.

Wei Wubing shook the scarlet feather fan in his hand and hurriedly advised him. "Sir, calm down. We should not act hastily over this incident. According to what the commander has just told us, Insane Devil Ye's strength and level of cultivation has greatly increased. I believe he had some chance encounters in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. If we were to use force against him, perhaps we could capture or kill him, but we would definitely suffer huge losses on our side as well. It doesn't make sense to go into a war of attrition with him, and we still have our task at hand. Things will get harder as we near the finishing point, so we shouldn't act in anger."

Only Wei Wubing would have dared to offer him advice in such a situation.

Ou Wuji's eyebrows moved as he listened to his advisor, they looked like two sharp longswords hanging above his eyes. He was still as angry as before, but he had regained some of his clarity of thought. It was not long before he had calmed down.

"Are you telling me that we should allow that crazy person to do as he wishes?" Ou Wuji asked through gritted teeth. "And what would you plan to do?"

Wei Wubing smiled gently and replied, "What happened at Blue Cloud Manor today was already expected, but I never imagined that this Ye Qingyu could be so deranged. However, this will also work in our favor. Hahaha, the demons have always been so arrogant, and I don't believe they will remain unmoved after Ye Qingyu destroyed twenty of their airships and took their [Demon Sage] hostage. Didn't he say that he'll be coming to the mourning hall in the divine temple to pay respects to Ren Puyang tomorrow? That will be our chance. Perhaps, we may not even need to act; the demons could end up doing our work for us. Why not?"

Ou Wuji nodded.

"I'll not feel satisfied unless I kill him myself, however," he said with a cruel glint in his eyes. "Send someone to inform the headquarters of the Demon Race that Ye Qingyu's actions were not endorsed by us. From now on, he's no longer the Third Deputy of the Human Race, and his well-being is no longer our concern."

Someone went out immediately to relay the message.

"Tomorrow, the [Ice Sword Killing God] will no longer exist."

He spoke in a chilling tone.

Wei Wubing smiled gently and said nothing.

We might not even need to wait till tomorrow,
he thought.
The demons in their headquarters are not virtuous folk, so how could they wait till then? They'll definitely strike tonight... Hehe, the more chaotic the situation is, the better it'll be.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1042:


Chapter 1057 Chaos, Dark Night, Green Rock

The rumors spread like wildfire, reaching every corner of Heaven Connect City in a short timespan.

The cause and aftermath of the Battle of Wuqing street had instantly become the focal point of most of the discussions throughout the entire city and even the entire Road of Chaos.

When they heard about it for the first time, martial arts experts of all races felt that the story was too ridiculous to be true.

How on earth could someone be so insane?

Such behavior was no longer a battle of ideals. It was a proclamation of war toward the headquarters of the Human and Demon Races, and each race was one of the major clans in current times. This was especially true of the Demon Race. Since ancient historical times, they had been one of the most powerful races in the Vast Thousand Domains. The description "demon" was wide-ranging and it consisted of thousands of different smaller clans. In terms of their numbers or quality of experts, it was a terrifying race to reckon with.

Was this Ye Qingyu trying to court his own death?

After hearing the same news countless times, even those who had believed it at first began to change their minds.

They were more perplexed, however.

Even though the [Ice Sword Killing God] had made quite a name for himself in the Chaotic Ruins Domain lately, even a fool would know that that was not enough to challenge the entire Alliance of Domains. After all, it was created by the Martial Emperor himself, and rumor had it that the Alliance was supported by more than one Quasi-emperor. As such, it had survived until now, and it had always maintained its position at the apex of the Vast Thousand Domains, enabling it to relay its orders anywhere.

The news spread like a plague.

First through Heaven Connect City, then to the Road of Chaos, and later, the Chaotic Ruins Domain. Eventually, it even reached a few bigger domains, which had vast borders and powerful systems... Only a few smaller or more secluded domains had not received the news of Ye Qingyu's feats. It was just a matter of time, however. Within the next two to three days, every corner of the Vast Thousand Domains would be flooded with rumors of the battle.

News about the Battle of Wuqing street was definitely aided by the aftermath of Ren Puyang's death. All living beings would soon be engulfed by the wave of information.

The entire world was going to boil over soon.

"Ye Qingyu will surely die."

"He's courting his own death."

"Hehe, his insanity has grown and it knows no bounds!"

"This time, I'm afraid that not only will he die, but the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain will be affected by his actions!"

"That's bound to be the case. The anger of the Demon Race will turn the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain into a sea of blood and corpses. Hehe, the empress that Ye Qingyu takes great care of, what's her name again? I heard that she's a peerless beauty. I'm afraid that she's going to become a plaything of the demons now. Such a pity."

"Yeah, that domain struggled to be granted membership in the Alliance of Domains, and rumor has it that there were many objections raised against their entry into the alliance. After all, many special emissaries of the Heaven Wasteland Domain died under mysterious circumstances. They managed to pass the admission screening only after Ren Puyang vouched for them. Now that he's dead, and Ye Qingyu's heading down a path of destruction of his own choosing, the situation will definitely change."

"That's right. Many people are coveting the gold mine that is the Heaven Wasteland Domain, but they can't find any opportunity to strike. Now... Hehe, Ye Qingyu has served the domain up on a platter for them."

"There'll definitely be a good show. Haha, let's got to Heaven Connect City quickly to catch it. It'll definitely be very exciting."

"No, no. Are you stupid? Is catching a good show more important than personal gain? If I were you, I would head to the Heaven Wasteland Domain first thing and figure out the situation there. Hehe, I'll strike once Ye Qingyu is dead and the Heaven Wasteland Building is destroyed. Who knows, I might be able to get plenty of loot, hahahaha!"

"Right, right. It's a God-given opportunity."

Similar conversations appeared in every corner of Heaven Connect City.

Everyone wanted a share of the spoils.

What sort of situation would offer them the greatest number of opportunities for fame and fortune?

Of course, it was during a time of chaos.

This was especially true in the Vast Thousand Domains, a place dictated by the power of martial artists. Not all of them wished for a unified system; after all, they could only rise out of the rabble in times of chaos and bloodshed.

Many powerful people in senior positions became so excited after thinking about the chaos that was about to reign in the Heaven Wasteland Domain that they found it hard to sleep.

They belonged to the mercantile associations, sects, and big families, coming from different races and dynasties. Once they realized that they had people in the Heaven Wasteland Domain, which had become a gold mine, they gave out orders and reassigned any available resource and manpower to prepare for the division of the spoils.

Many factions that had entered into trade deals or made agreements with the Heaven Wasteland Domain suddenly stopped cooperating and lay quietly in wait. They even began to concoct various sinister schemes covertly. Any treaty they had signed and the amount of joy and profit they had gained while working with the Heaven Wasteland Empire was no longer important to them.

The Battle of Wuqing street had far-reaching implications.

It was as if a huge pool of bait had been thrown into a pond full of hungry fish.

The seemingly peaceful pond was now frothing with leaping fish.

In the Heaven Wasteland Building—

Great Dragon Turtle Demon was seated beside a window on the first story, wearing a slightly worried look on his face.

He was one of Ye Qingyu's most faithful devotees, and like many people in the Heaven Wasteland Empire, he viewed Ye Qingyu as his lifelong idol. The Third Deputy of the humans was like a guiding light, a peak they could never hope to surmount, and a great wall that stood before any opposing force to them. He had never thought about surpassing Ye Qingyu, and he was purely devoted to the eternal worship and respect of this human.

In Great Dragon Turtle Demon's mind, there was nothing in the world that Ye Qingyu could not solve.

But now, he was a little worried.

That was because this time the forces and pressure that Ye Qingyu would be facing were simply too terrible, and the situation was impossibly complex. He would have to deal with a countless number of factions that were the most terrifying in the entire universe, and they had banded together. The Great Dragon Turtle Demon had already heard about the discussions on the streets, and he had noticed the movements of the various forces. In the past, the city gates were bustling with a never-ending stream of people, beasts, and carriages, but four hours earlier, all activity had ceased and it was completely deserted.

Such a scene appeared once before, during the revolt in the Dragonblood Dynasty.

This current situation, however, was much more serious than that.

Great Dragon Turtle Demon could already sense that countless pockets of yuan qi were hidden within a one thousand-meter radius of the Heaven Wasteland Building. Even though he could not see them, he could sense the pressure they were emanating, and it seemed as though an invisible net had silently surrounded the entire building.

It was already late at night.

There was no moon in the sky.

There were also no dark clouds.

Only darkness pervaded.

Great Dragon Turtle Demon could not help turning his head toward the middle of the main hall.

There was a huge table carved from white jade there with books on it. A candle was burning beside them.

The candle flame flickered, as if it would die out at any second. However, it bravely resisted and still illuminated the entire hall.

Ye Qingyu sat behind the desk, a bunch of paper scrolls in his hand. He was reading under the candlelight.

He looked calm and completely untroubled. Evidently, he was already immersed in the scroll and had cast everything else out of his mind. A huge storm was brewing outside, but the Third Deputy of the humans behaved extremely calm under such huge pressure.

It was not an act.

It was an inner quality that he possessed, and his mind and body were one. His spirit was completely calm.

Looking at Ye Qingyu's manner, the big demon felt slightly less worried.

In the other corner of the room, the [Demon Sage] Purple Night could be seen holding a broom and sweeping half-heartedly. He was under servitude now and had no choice but to bow to the will of his master. Even though he was totally unwilling, he did not dare to slack off in Ye Qingyu's presence. He was truly afraid of the Third Deputy.

Time passed.

"Fill the lamp with oil."

Ye Qingyu spoke casually as he put down the scroll in his hand and picked up another.

The [Demon Sage] did not dare to dally and hurriedly went over to change the oil.

His body suddenly froze after completing his task, as if he had sensed something. He turned around quickly to look at the door leading out of the main hall of the Heaven Wasteland Building.

An extremely handsome man had appeared outside the door without anyone noticing.

"On the day of wind blowing and fire raging, murder will be committed when night arrives."

The handsome man walked slowly to the middle of the main hall, a carefree grin on his face.

His eyes were as bright as the stars, and his eyebrows were as sharp as swords. His forehead was full, his chin rounded, and his cheeks looked healthy. His skin was porcelain smooth, his features masculine, and he wore a piece of jade on his forehead. His long, muscular figure was further accentuated by the long, top-quality, embroidered-silk robe that he wore. It was perfect, as were the proportions of his limbs and torso, and it was so amazing that he looked unreal.

Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the other inhabitants of the Heaven Wasteland Building stood up instantly, all of them beginning to feel anxious.

That was because of the vast amounts of terrifying demonic aura that surrounded the body of this man with unreal perfection and beauty.

It was invisible, but it pervaded the air and made everyone afraid.

He was a top-level expert of the Demon Race.

Had a high-ranking officer of the Demon Race's headquarters finally appeared?

An extremely tense aura filled the air of the main hall.

The man continued walking forward and his gaze swept briefly over Purple Night before falling on Ye Qingyu.

The splendor of stars seemed to churn in his eyes, and he did not bother to conceal the look of admiration he had for Ye Qingyu. He grinned as he said, "I've long heard that Ye Qingyu, the Third Deputy of the Human Race, is a dragon among men and he has the bearing of the ancient Great Emperors and heroes. It's said that his behavior is extraordinary, that he doesn't fear death, and that he's the most outstanding talent among the humans of his generation. Today, I can see that they weren't exaggerating. Haha, you do indeed have a mighty fine noggin. Not bad, not bad!"

Ye Qingyu put down the scroll in his hand.

The [Demon Sage] beside him could not stop his legs from wobbling, and he knelt down on the floor before saying in a fearful voice, "Your humble subordinate... pays his respects to Lord Green Rock."

This incredibly handsome man was Green Rock, the deputy ranked fifth in the headquarters of the Demon Race in the Alliance of Domains.

Three centuries ago, he was the most outstanding talent from the Green Hill Tribe of the Demon Race, and he reigned supreme over nearly all of the other competitors of his generation. Eventually, he entered the headquarters of the Demon Race, and for the next century, he acted as a law enforcer for the Sky Demons. He swept across various large domains and forcibly brought the fearsome reputation and power of the Demon Race headquarters to new heights. For the past century, Green Rock had yearned for a quieter life and rarely acted. His level of cultivation was already among the top experts of the demons in headquarters, and he was also ranked as one of the top dozen most-terrifying beings in Heaven Connect City.

Purple Night had long expected that the headquarters of his race would send someone to take down the Heaven Wasteland Building.

He had not imagined, however, that they would send someone so terrifying.

The Heaven Wasteland Building was doomed.

As was Ye Qingyu.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1043:


Chapter 1058 Do You Know What Situation You Are In?


Green Rock glanced at Purple Night and shook his head. He said nothing.

In reality, he had always despised Purple Night a little.

That was because the [Demon Sage] was too rampant.

Even though it might not be something bad for a warrior, to a certain degree, it was an expression of the martial artist's drive and determination. Purple Night's unrestrained wildness was boundless and ridiculous. It was a sort of wildness that someone who did not understand his limits possessed, the kind of insanity that respected nothing. In other words, he had grown too big for his britches, and much of the reputation he gained was actually due to the fear people possessed for the headquarters of the Demon Race. Only half of it was gained due to his actual abilities.

If this carried on, Purple Night would never have understood the true meaning of martial arts, and he would have been engulfed by his self-contentment. And if that happened, it would have been hard for him to improve further.

The Battle of Wuqing street was proof of that.

It was good for him to suffer once.

It would clear his mind, and perhaps he might even achieve a breakthrough in his cultivation in the future.

"Stand off to the side," Green Rock said calmly.

Purple Night did not dare to reply and bowed before retreating to a corner of the room.

Ye Qingyu sat in perfect posture behind his desk, his sharp eyes taking everything in. However, he continued to remain silent.

Green Rock's gaze fell on Ye Qingyu again. He grinned as he continued, "Humans should not be humiliated, nor should demons. The honor of each race has to be upheld with real strength, and those that humiliate any of our kind will have to pay with their blood. You made a show of your might, Deputy Ye Qingyu, during the Battle of Wuqing street, but now it's time to pay the price for that."

Ye Qingyu grinned, "What price?"

"I heard that you have a great noggin, so here I am to take a look at it. Well, the rumors are true, and it's worthy of erasing all of the humiliation suffered by the Demon Race today at Wuqing street... Deputy Ye Qingyu, lend me your head, alright?" Green Rock spoke casually, as if he was trying to borrow a broom from his neighbor.

Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the other inhabitants of the building instantly became anxious and angry.

Even though they were also demons, they were not under the control of the Demon Race headquarters, but answered directly to the Heaven Wasteland Empire. Even though they admired powerful and fearful demons like Green Rock, they would never take his side. If the situation required it, they would not hesitate to even attack Green Rock.

Ye Qingyu laughed loudly instead.

"It's not that I want to look down on the Demon Race headquarters' lack of manpower, but a mere peak-level Great Saint would be hard pressed to 'borrow' my head," he said. He had instantly called out Green Rock's level of cultivation, and from his tone, he did not seem to think highly of this famous Fifty Deputy of the demons.

In actuality, even though Green Rock might have a fearsome reputation in the headquarters of the Demon Race and the Vast Thousand Domains, and even though he might possess the power of a peak-level Great Saint, that was all the strength he had. He was simply a representative of the demons, and one that was a century past his prime to boot. At most, he could only generate some fear from his opponents due to his name, but in a real battle between super powers, his presence would not be the decisive factor.

Was there any lack of peak-level Great Saints that Ye Qingyu had slain on the Capital Sky Peak of the Wei River Mountain Range?

To outsiders, Green Rock was extremely famous and would most definitely be able to take down the Heaven Wasteland Building easily. To Ye Qingyu, however, the Demon Race headquarters had underestimated him far too greatly. He thought,
Why can't they understand that I must have some real power to have acted so blatantly on Wuqing street? Could it be that the impression I've given people before is that I'm a deranged person who'll act without caring about the consequences?

Now, Ye Qingyu was completely certain that the news of what happened at the Wei River Mountain Range had not been passed around.

It seemed like the information he had gathered in various major cities was not fake. All of the experts from various races and realms that had entered the mountain range seemed to have vanished inside it; none of them had come out. Perhaps they were dead, or perhaps... there was some other reason for their disappearance.

As such, both the Demon Race headquarters and the First Deputy, Ou Wuji, had underestimated him so terribly.

Ye Qingyu was lost in his thoughts.

He wondered where Nan Tieyi and the million-year-old spirit had gone, and where Hu Bugui and that silly dog, Little Nine, had gone.
What about Tan Yanzi, Zhang Wudao, Ye Ziqian, and the rest? Have they also died in the strange happenings in the Wei River Mountain Range?

"So, the rumors that the Third Deputy of the humans is a crazy person is indeed true," Green Rock said. He felt a little hurt, and he could feel his blood pressure decrease as he saw Ye Qingyu become lost in his thoughts at such a critical moment. He had re-emerged after a century, but ended up being looked down upon by his junior. He had complete confidence in the perfection of his mental state, but even so, he was a little perturbed by Ye Qingyu's actions. "Young man, do you know who I am?" he asked out of instinct.

Green Rock regretted it the instant the words left his lips.

To be honest, the question was a little tacky. No matter who said it, it would have sounded especially stupid and been in poor taste.

Ye Qingyu heard him and regained his senses. "No, I don't," he said, unexpectedly laughing.

He really did not know who this person was.

After returning to the Heaven Wasteland Building, he had arranged for many things to be done. Most of them were focused on the matters pertaining to the Human Race, such as checking on the backgrounds, identities, characteristics, and sects of Ou Wuji and the Second Deputy. He had also activated all networks within the Heaven Wasteland Empire that were under his control to look for Nan Tieyi, Hu Bugui, Little Nine, and the others. As for the vengeance that the Demon Race planned to exact on him... Well, actually, he had never taken it to heart.

Just as Green Rock was about to say something...

Ye Qingyu raised his hand to cut him off.

"I don't know who you are, but since Purple Night kowtowed to you just now, your position in the Demon Race headquarters must be pretty high. Perhaps this is the reason why you arrogantly walked into the Heaven Wasteland Building on your own in the night. To be honest, I bear no ill will toward the Demon Race, but I have a thing against the Demon Race headquarters at the Alliance of Domains for interfering with the internal affairs of humans and arresting our Divine Guards. They have to account for these matters to me. I'm not a fool blinded by ambition, like Ou Wuji, who wants to climb to a higher post but doesn't have the requisite power, spirit, and organizational capability. I would never barter away the well-being of my people for your help, so the Battle of Wuqing street is just but the beginning to me. If your headquarters wishes to take me down because they're angry, then I can only say that you people haven't figured out the situation that you're in. What's really happening is that I'm after you guys, instead of you people getting your revenge... So, kind sir, do you understand what's going on now?"

Ye Qingyu spoke loudly, and not only could the martial arts experts in the Heaven Wasteland Building hear him, but even those who were hiding in a one thousand-meter radius around the building could also hear him clearly.

The [Demon Sage], Purple Night, was stunned.

Even Green Rock himself was a little speechless.

To them, the scene unfolding in front of them was unreal. It was like hearing a beggar who was starving to death proclaim that he would punish the mighty king.

One could imagine how the scouts hiding around the building would have felt.

Even Great Dragon Turtle Demon's expression was not much better.

He had vaguely heard about Green Rock's reputation, so he knew how terrible this old demon was.

As such, he had tried to give a hint to Ye Qingyu by winking at him, but it looked like... his master was not going to care.

Only the expression of Lu Wei, the headstrong youth who stood on the steps leading to the second floor, was unchanged.

Only those who had witnessed the terrible scene of Ye Qingyu slaying tens of thousands of opponents at Capital Sky Peak would understand how laughable Green Rock and the high-and-mighty Demon Race headquarters were.
How could a peak-level Great Saint ever hope to suppress Insane Devil Ye? Hey, do you two fools know that your behavior is akin to a swarm of ants trying to scare a huge dragon? An enraged Ye Qingyu is someone even my grandfather wouldn't want to face...
he thought.

Lu Wei was sneering at Green Rock and Purple Night in his heart for not having realized the situation they were in.

Haha, look at these fools from the Demon Race, they're really courting their own deaths.

He did not speak but continued to watch the scene unfold before his eyes excitedly.

To be honest, he was a little convinced by Ye Qingyu now.

Strength aside, the way he handled his business and the stand he took was worthy of respect. He was truly concerned about protecting mankind, and it was not for his own personal gain, but it was a sense of duty that came from within. Lu Wei had seen the same quality in his own grandfather.

A long while later—

Finally, Green Rock regained his senses.

He squinted and took a good measure of Ye Qingyu's expression. After making sure that the Third Deputy was not insane, the handsome-looking man, which was rare among the demons, felt that it was so ridiculous that he stopped being angry. "Haha, this is good. After not going outside of my home for a century, I'm shocked. I'm shocked by the impudence of my juniors, seems like today if I don't..."

He was still speaking.

When Ye Qingyu lifted his hand and closed his index and middle fingers together and drew a line on the floor.

A faint sword light flashed in the Void.

The sword light was dimmer than the flame of the candle on the table.

It vanished in an instant.

Just like that.

At first, Green Rock was just laughing coldly and wanted to continue speaking, but he immediately shut his mouth again and began to frown. A vaguely perturbed expression appeared on his face, he seemed to be thinking about something. He then raised his hand to feel the air above him, but he lowered it back down instantly, as if he had been electrocuted. His expression changed drastically and he staggered four steps backward. He looked as though he had just seen a ghost as he gazed at Ye Qingyu in amazement.

"You..." Green Rock stared at Ye Qingyu in utter shock.

The [Demon Sage's] face was a look of confusion.

He did not understand what had just happened at all.

When his gaze fell on Green Rock, however, he was so shocked that he nearly leaped up into the air.

That was because a wound had appeared on Green Rock's finger, and it was so deep that he could see the bone. A drop of bright-looking blood oozed out of the wound and fell gradually onto the floor. Soon after, more blood began to ooze out of the wound, and it kept dripping onto the floor, gradually forming a small bloody puddle.

What kind of terrifying wound is this that could keep Lord Green Rock from regenerating and causing him to lose so much blood?

More importantly, how did he get injured?

"Do you believe me now?" asked Ye Qingyu as he returned to sit behind his desk. He then turned to look at Green Rock calmly.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1044:


Chapter 1059 - Forbidden Area of the Death God


Green Rock became silent.

He could no longer look at Ye Qingyu the same way.

Though it was still the same person, the feeling and place in his heart had completely changed.

The white-robed figure sitting behind the table was calm and composed, giving him the feeling that it was a lofty, domineering person rather than the human descendant he thought he could bully. If it was not for the fact that he knew for certain the origin and progression path of this young man, he would surely have thought that sitting there was an old human weirdo covered in the skin of a young man.

“Talents are born in every generation… So sorry to disturb you.”

Sighing silently, he cupped his hands before turning to leave.

This scene nearly caused the [Demon Sage] Purple Night’s eyeballs to pop out.

Did… Lord Green Rock just mean to... admit defeat?

He felt that his world view had been flipped upside down.

Conversely, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others were so excited that they nearly burst into cheers.

He won?

He has actually won.

Once again… he has made the impossible possible, no?

Although they did not understand what exactly just happened, they knew without a doubt that the Fifth Deputy of the Demon Race headquarters was wounded. At this moment, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the imperial officials of the Heaven Wasteland Building felt as though a five thousand kilogram rock had been lifted off their hearts and they thus could not help heaving a sigh of relief.

Only Lu Wei smirked sneeringly.

This opportunistic rat had talked big when he arrived, and, now that he has been found out, is thinking about leaving just by offering a soft apology? How can things ever be so easy? Does he really think he can get away with provoking the dignity of such a supreme expert as Ye Qingyu, who is already one of the top beings of this world?

That’s too simplistic of him.

He quietly awaited the sequel.

Indeed, Ye Qingyu began to speak again, “Lord Green Rock, although this Heaven Wasteland Building of mine may be shabby and nowhere near as majestic as the divine temples of the Alliance of Domains, it’s nevertheless not a place in which anyone can cause trouble in at will. It’s a little too naive to think you can walk away just like that having entered.”

Green Rock’s figure stiffened.

After turning to face Ye Qingyu, he said in a low voice, with his sharp brows seeming as though they were about to shoot forth, “What do you want?”

“I shan’t kill you today, but you have to leave something behind before you go.” Ye Qingyu smiled faintly at him.

“Don’t push me too far, Deputy Ye Qingyu.” Green Rock inhaled a deep breath. “My backing down is merely an admission that I’d underestimated you. I may be weaker than you, but only by a little. I’m leaving not because I’m afraid of you but because I cannot complete my mission this time and see no point remaining here. It won’t be so easy for you to kill me even if you wanted. It’s okay for a young man like you to be proud of your strength, but if you really let it get to your head, you’ll sooner or later bring death upon yourself.”

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu guffawed.

“It appears that you still don’t understand the situation.”

As he spoke, he stood up with an invisible vigor wreathing around him.

Tiny bits of snowflakes instantly formed and fluttered out of his body before drifting out of the Heaven Wasteland Building and into the surrounding darkness. The area within a kilometer of the Heaven Wasteland Building was soon covered in these snowflakes.

Subsequently, cries and grunts were heard from within the darkness.

An extremely terrifying aura began to spread.

Feeling uncertain, the [Demon Sage] Purple Night looked outside rather vacantly.

The incessant cries and grunts from within the darkness suggested that something extremely frightening had happened.

“You… how’s that possible!”

Green Rock’s countenance changed dramatically.

Only he was able to discern the horror of the snowflakes.

In actual fact, they were not snowflakes but beams of sword splendor which were formed from sword will.

Given his martial cultivation and experience, he had seen countless frightening sword techniques and mysterious, weird sword wills during his time. However, he had never seen a human who could condense sword will to this extent and blend it into snowflakes so naturally that they seemed like nature’s creation, and without producing a single trace of smoke, fire, or aura. Moreover, the trajectory of the sword will was completely untraceable as well, and there was not a hint of murderous spirit when the sword was struck out. By the time the snowflakes got close to one’s body, death had already befallen.

It was at this moment that he realized he was wrong.

And absurdly wrong to boot.

Even without looking out, he could imagine what had happened in the darkness surrounding the Heaven Wasteland Building – the nearest foreign race experts, who had been waiting for him to kill Ye Qingyu before they snuck into the Heaven Wasteland Building and conducted a robbery during the ensuring disorder, had not anticipated the turn of events and, before they could respond, were struck on their faces by suddenly-onrushing snowflakes. All they felt was an abrupt chill before they lost all consciousness.

In only a thought’s time, a psychically-formed sword had turned into snowflakes and performed killings in the silence.

This method seems Immortal-level.

Ye Qingyu is way more powerful than estimated by headquarters.

He could clearly sense that the area within a kilometer of the Heaven Wasteland Building had become devoid of all life aura in less than three breaths’ time. No matter how terrifyingly powerful those experts hiding in the dark were, they were completely unable to put up resistance. Some were killed while others were injured, albeit all those who survived did so only because Ye Qingyu had shown them mercy. Nevertheless, they were scared out of their wits and fled as fast as they possibly could.

This area was akin to the forbidden area of the death god.

Meanwhile, snowflakes were fluttering around Green Rock.

Sparkling radiantly, they smacked of white elves in a dark night. Their gentle fluttering formed a beautiful picture which was so enchanting and intoxicating that it rendered one unable to refrain from drawing close.

However, Green Rock was under no illusions that if he put up any form of resistance, these devastatingly beautiful snowflakes would instantly turn into the world’s most terrifying sword light and cause him to completely vanish from the face of this world like those experts in the darkness outside. As confident as he was in himself, he had no confidence of shaking off these snowflakes.

“It isn’t impossible. It’s just that you all have been living in a well for too long.”

Ye Qingyu spoke plainly.

Green Rock had no way of retorting.

After straightening a finger into a sword, he gently sliced it across and cut off one of his arms amid a glistening splendor.

“Are you satisfied now, Deputy Ye Qingyu?” He placed the arm on the table in front of Ye Qingyu and said plainly.

The latter nodded.

“That’ll do.”

Green Rock immediately turned and left upon hearing this.

He did not wish to stay a second longer.

Ye Qingyu’s voice suddenly rang out behind him.

“Lord Green Rock, this matter won’t end so easily – of course, I believe that the bigwigs of your headquarters also think the same way. For tonight, however, I’ve shown as much patience as I can. If any other cursed thing comes and causes trouble, don’t blame me for not showing mercy. And if you’re still unwilling to admit defeat, I shall personally seek advice from the main envoy of the Demon Race in the divine temple of the Alliance of Domains tomorrow. Please help me to send word.”

Green Rock nodded without pausing his footsteps.

His figure disappeared into the darkness outside.

The [Demon Sage] Purple Night remained standing vacantly in the main hall.

The Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others were equally vacant in mind, albeit out of delight.

Although they had complete trust in Ye Qingyu’s strength and could vaguely feel that it had increased even further since his return, they never expected that he would become this strong. As an old-timer from the Demon Race headquarters, Green Rock had awed Heaven Connect City and never been defeated over the past three hundred years. And yet, he was completely unable to strike out and quickly lost battle courage while facing Ye Qingyu, eventually deciding to chop off an arm and leave forlornly.

Compared to the otherworldly elegance he displayed when he appeared, he was like an orphan abandoned by the entire world when he departed.

While watching Green Rock chop off his arm and depart, what the Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others did not know was that the foreign race experts hiding in the darkness outside the Heaven Wasteland Building had already been silently taken care of by Ye Qingyu, with many of them losing their nerve because of the fluttering white snowflakes. To these experts, the Heaven Wasteland Building was presently frightening enough to be considered as a forbidden area.

Lu Wei sat on the stairs, his eyes no longer expressing contempt.

“He has grown even stronger...” he said to himself in surprise.

He had seen Ye Qingyu’s sword technique in action on the Capital Sky Peak. At that time, Ye Qingyu was not yet able to blend his sword will so naturally. When he exerted a sword strike, it was in the form of a sword, and even if he turned the sword into snowflakes, there would be traces which allowed one to sense the presence of a sword amid the snowflakes. Instead, the sword will displayed by Ye Qingyu a while ago was completely silent and soft, and was many times improved from that displayed on Capital Sky Peak.

It had only been a couple of months.

As much as he considered himself to be an exceptional being, Lu Wei was astonished by the speed of Ye Qingyu’s growth in cultivation.

“What?”

Ou Wuji stood up, looking astonished.

He was a little afraid to confirm what he had heard.

“Say it again,” he subconsciously requested.

The White-robed Divine Guard standing in front, who had just returned from the area around the Heaven Wasteland Building and was still feeling astonished too, had no choice but to reply, “My lord, I saw very clearly that Green Rock lost. He left the Heaven Wasteland Building with an arm less and looking dejected. Many of the foreign race experts who were hiding around the Heaven Wasteland Building have been killed in a moment of fluttering snowflakes. Nobody dares to go close to the Heaven Wasteland Building anymore.”

How did things turn out like that?

Ou Wuji felt a chill in his heart.

Did Ye Qingyu actually defeat Green Rock?

What exactly happened?

Could there be someone powerful backing Ye Qingyu?

Or does he possess some secret weapon which is powerful enough to defeat a pinnacle Great Saint?

As he thought about this, he began to feel a little uneasy.

Being of pinnacle Great Saint cultivation himself, the fact that Ye Qingyu could defeat Green Rock meant that Ye Qingyu could defeat him as well. As such, not only was the greatest source of pride and dependence in his heart gone, but following Ye Qingyu’s victory over Green Rock, the matter seemed to be gradually spiraling out of control.

“My lord, this is a good thing for us.”

To one side, Wei Wubing suddenly began to laugh.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

