Chapter 421:


"Surround them, don't even let one get away!"

"Form up!"

"Completely seal the North, East, South, and West gates. Even if a bird flies out, shoot it down!"

“Where are the formation military officers? Pass my order on, lay down a sealing formation. I want there to not even be a shred of wind that escapes from the City of Light.”

There were all sorts of shouts and cries sounding outside the City of Light.

The ten thousand elites under the command of the Right Minister's residence had already completely surrounded the City of Light. Right now, the light of the newly risen sun shone upon layer after layer of blades and swords, causing someone to feel that it was a tall forest. Surges of unparalleled energy and aura was present, with all sorts of coloured energy rising in the air. A sealing formation was laid after the first instance…

In front of the North Eastern gate.

The four surrounding sinister armoured experts stood alone in front of the camp.

Behind them was an army ten thousand strong, it's banner like a dragon.

In front of them was a twenty-meter-tall black steel Punishment Pillar. At it's very top was a frozen head.

The disdainful expression on Wei Hua's face had not yet disappeared. The provocative tilt of his lips demonstrated that even until the last moment of his life, he had not discovered he had died.

Under the sunlight of early winter as well as the cold wind, Wei Hua's head rocked back and forth.

"Go get old seven's head and take it down. When we return, sow it back together with the corpse and choose a day to bury him," a person wearing crimson red armour that was like blood and was gilded, said in a dark voice.

There was a series of agreement behind him.

The deputy officer that followed behind was also a Bitter Sea stage expert. He turned into a stream of light that charge forward, going to take the head from the Punishment Pillar.

But as his fingers were about to touch the head, suddenly there was a sharp piercing sound. A faint stream of silver light suddenly shot out from the hole of the far off City of Light, striking directly at the deputy officer.

From the far off city gates, there was someone from far off that shot an arrow.

"You dare!"

The hair of the deputy officer stood up. Letting out an enrage roar, his palm striking out.

Bang!

The arrow was crushed into powder, exploding in the air.

But before the deputy officer could take Wei Hua's head, his complexion madly changed. He could suddenly feel a hidden energy charging towards him that faintly made him have no way of blocking it. He could no longer care about taking Wei Hua's head, both his palms madly struck out. He clashed with the hidden force, and his entire person was sent flying back, returning to the ground.

"What kind of ruffian has come here, that dares to cause trouble at our City of Light?"

A somewhat vulgar voice, pretending to be strong but weak on the inside, emitted behind the crenelated parapet walls of the Eastern Kill Gate. It was namely the big fatty military officer, the leader of the soldier camp, that was donned in a large disorderly armour, with a bow in his hands. He was hiding deep within as he let out a loud shout.

Next to the fatty, there were tens of soldiers. They were also of an appearance where they were fearful and hiding, and wore several layers of armour. They sneakily lay behind the crenelated parapet walls, and lay there looking outside.

"General, that arrow of yours was really beautiful."

"That's right ,that grandchild was sent flying back by your arrow."

"General is amazing, general is tyrannical."

The soldiers that often gambled together with the officers were sneakily lying and hiding behind the crenelated parapet walls. They were flattering the fatty as they bootlicked.

There was a faint redness on the fatty's face. He said in a slightly embarrassed voice, "Hehe, thinking back to the past, my three arrows were enough to hold the Heavenly Gates. That fame shook the entire world. Wahahaha..."

As the fatty laughed, all the flesh on his body also quivered.

The large armour on his body was forcefully put on his body. But even so, the chubby fat on his body would be forced out from the gaps in the armour. It made his entire person look like he was suffering. Especially when he called out his title, it seem extremely laughable and comical.

But at that time.

"Who dares shot an arrow from the city? Scram out."

A loud enraged shout sounded out from the far off military formation. Like rumbling thunder, it resounded over. The roaring voice was like a strong gale or wave that struck towards them.

The fatty instantly quivered and abandoned his stance of pretending to be an expert. He instantly lay flat on the ground, hiding behind the walls. As he shivered, he looked towards his underlings, "Why does it feel like there are experts in the formation?"

"In front of you genera, they are just a bunch of dogs and chickens," a group of soldiers said flatteringly.

The fatty was instantly delighted. Pretending to be serious, "Although these words aren’t truthful, I love to hear them. But I have a feeling that the bastards that appeared outside today are not as easy to handle as that."

"Hey, General, you might not be aware, but the people outside are the Forbidden Army of the empire. The four people leading them are people of the Right Minister's residence," there was a soldier that originally guarded the gates that replied.

Clang!

The knees of the fatty weakened, directly lying on the ground.

"Oh, I suddenly remembered. There's an important matter that I have to go to do. This matter of fighting and killing, it's best to leave it to the seven Envoys of light. Let us retreat..." His shivering became worse, his head cursing in his heart. He just wanted to look at the landscape of the city walls coincidentally, then encountered the people of the Right Minister's residence. Mother, he previously thought they were just little thieves.

To think he would have provoked the people of the Right Minister's residence.

Just what was this.

The fatty stabilized himself and was about to directly leave, crawling out like a cat.

But at that time, there was another loud shout that resouded below the city gates, "That damn fatty that just sneakily shot the arrow, scram out..."

The figure of the fatty above the city gates suddenly stopped.

There were hints of hot tears sparkling in his eyes, as if he was a girl that had just received a great humiliation. His entire body quivered, then he bit his teeth and stood his ground deciding not go go anymore. He suddenly turn to face the walls, and shouted with rage, "Lies, when did I let out a sneaky arrow? I evidently shot out a clear arrow! Don't insult me, don't insult the method I used to shoot out the arrow with... who just lied? Scram out for me."

"General is amazing!"

"General is heroic!"

The soldiers of the City of Light that lay deep behind the walls feared being seen by the people of the Right Minister's residence. As they hid from sight, they flattered incessantly.

Nearly at the same time.

Xiu!

A piercing noise broke through the air, the sound of the arrow nearly breaking the eardrums.

The fatty moved his head.

An arrow passed by right next to his ear. With a boom, nearly half the building behind him collapsed. It was like it was struck by an energy cannon. Amidst the dust and smoke, the power of the arrow still had not yet disappeared.

"Mother..."

The fatty let out a high pitched shriek, his ear like it was on fire and burning.  Half the hair on his head, because of the friction cause by the arrow with the air, the head had caused it to go withered and yellow.

From below the city far off.

A person wearing a violet-coloured armour, slowly lowered the arm holding the bow. Saying, "Oh? Somewhat interesting, to think that fatty really evaded it..."

Amongst them, the marksmanship of Zhou Chang was known as number one. Under his arrows, it was unknown how many experts had died by it. Every time his bow quivered, it represented that life would wither away under his arrows. Although he had just casually shot the arrow, but he had not imagined that the vulgar fatty upon the city gates would just tilt his head to avoid the arrow!

Was this an unintentional movement done under coincidence?

Or was this a deliberate evasion that was deemphasized?

There were strange expressions on the faces of the four eagles of the Right Minister's residence.

"Old five, has your marksmanship regressed? the [Red Eagle] calmly asked. "Why can't you even hit the famous fatty trash in the capital?"

As the commander of the soldier camp of the City of Light, the big fatty had once attracted the attention of countless people. But the matters afterward was evidence that this fatty was absolutely just trash. Not only was he gluttonous, lazy, and with average strength, but his personality was lowly and he loved to gamble. He did not have any value to be used whatsoever. In the history of all the commanders of the soldier camps of the capital, there had never been one so vulgar. Later, others did not even have any interest in removing him from his post.

For such a trash to be able to avoid an arrow from the [Violet Eagle]...

Although it was a casual arrow, but for it to be avoided, this was still a humiliation.

The [Violet Eagle's] face darkened. He did not say anything and only lifted his arm slightly. Another sound of something piercing through air resounded.

Another arrow shot out.

Under the buildings of the city gate, the fatty once again tilted his head mysteriously.

The arrow once again missed.

"Motherfucker, have they gotten addicted to shooting?" The fatty's face was dumbfounded, as it seemed he was still shell shocked. Instantly, he was so angry that all the chubby flesh was quivering. With anger, "That violet-coloured one shot at me, I'll fight with you... I’ll let you see how amazing I am."

As he said that, he lifted the bow in his hand and shot out.

Xiu!

The arrow pierced through the air.

But.

Pata!

When it was still a hundred meters away from [Red Eagle] and the others, the force behind the arrow was gone and it fell weakly on the ground.

[Violet Eagle] and the others did not know whether to laugh or cry.

The soldiers behind him also nearly burst out laughing.

Was this fit to be known as the Archer God?

It could not even shoot out a distance of five hundred meters. Even the lowest archers of the Imperial Guard could easily pull back a bow with a thousand pounds of force, and shoot at a bug five hundred meters away.

[Violet Eagle] did not know just how this fatty was able to avoid two of his arrows.

He smiled, not underestimating his opponent anymore. He seriously and truly lifted his arm, deeply breathing in. He pulled back the bow and nocked the arrow, not as casual as before. Instead, he gathered his qi and focused, falling into the most optimal state to shoot his arrow.

The quaking of the bow string had not yet sounded.

The bow string did not even have time to start quivering.

But the arrow had already transformed into a ray of light. Without sound or sign, like it was a white bolt of lightning under the sunlight, it came before the fatty.

Opposite.

Fatty had also drawn back his bow at some unknown time.

A normal bow.

A normal arrow

Drawing back the bow, shooting it out.

Ding!

A light and minute sound.

This normal arrow clashed against the other together.

There was a disdainful expression appearing on [Violet Eagle's] face. But at nearly the same time, he was shocked, as if he had lost his soul---

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 422:


The arrows clashed together.

The arrow tip of the [Flowing Light Arrow]in that instant broke open, splitting into four. It split apart like a crab claw chrysanthemum, and that normal arrow passed through the center of this chrysanthemum. As if it was true flowing light, it disappeared instantly.

The shock on [Violet Eagle's] face had not yet disappeared when there was a faint red that appeared between his brows.

The shattered flowing light arrow split into four, then slightly changed direction, but it also instantly came to before the fatty. Top, bottom, left, right, it passed by fatty's head and shot towards the air behind him.

"My mother..."

The legs of the fatty constantly knocked together, having been given a significant fright.

But opposite, the head of [Violet Eagle] suddenly struck the ground. Like a steel hammer hitting a watermelon, it shattered. Before he even had time to say a word, blood spread about everywhere as his entire body fell backwards.

"Old five..."

The [Red Eagle] by the side was shocked.

A chill completely covered their bodies. They had no way of believing the scene that had occurred just before their eyes.

[Violet Eagle]... had died?

The [Violet Eagle] that was most skilled in archership of the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles], with the [Violet Cloud Bow] and [Flowing Light Arrow] treasures in his hand, to think he would be defeated under the most useless commander in the entire capital? And it was death with one arrow, without any chance to struggle or resist!

[Red Eagle] did not even clearlysee just what had happened when the arrows had clashed.

He did not sense how [Violet Eagle] had been struck with an arrow.

Could it be... the archery skills of the fatty had really reached such a level?

If that arrow was aimed towards himself, would he be able to evade it?

As this thought occurred to him, [Red Eagle] could not help but shiver.

Opposite.

The shivering and trembling soldiers of the [Light Palace] camp that was lying down behind cover immediately began cheering at this scene. After cheering for a while, suddenly one realized what had happened: "Ge-ge-ge... General, yo-yo-you seem to have won... you kill one of their leaders."

There was a shred of pride that immediately appeared on the fatty's face. He lifted one of his legs to stand on the city walls, as he said proudly, "Haha... I long said, the name of the [Berserk Archer God] is not false. I once shot down a dragon god, shot down a demon god... for such a tiny little opponent, killing him is just wasting my energy..."

"General is so heroic."

"General you were so amazing. I really am completely impressed. How about this, the ten silver that you owe me from the wager several days ago, we'll call it even. But the ninety eight silvers that you owe me beforehand, you must remember to pay me back..." one of the soldiers said smilingly.

"What did you say?" The complexion of the fatty suddenly changed, his expression somewhat unbelieving. "That arrow of mine, it shocked the very heavens. It can be called one arrow scaring the soul. Thinking of the past, there were so many people that wanted to see me shoot an arrow, that they were willing to pay thousands of gold. You bunch of fools, today you saw me shoot out three arrows, but you still dare want to ask me for money. Do you know, just for this view alone, you guys owe me thousands of gold.”

The soldiers were taken aback, then instantly became hostile, "The person surnamed Wang, if you say such a thing, don't blame us for falling out with you..." As he said this, they seemed to roll up their sleeves to want to fight with him.

The other remaining soldier's also had different complexions.

"Saying such things is your bad, general."

"That's right, shooting an arrow is shooting an arrow, wagering something is wagering something. You can't discuss it in the same sentence. If you told us beforehand, we would definitely have blindfolded our eyes so we won’t witness it..."

"That's right, the arrow you shot hurt our eyes. We still haven't asked you for medical fees."

The crowd of soldiers instantly changed what they were saying.

The fatty stood with his mouth gaping open at his soldiers. With rage, "Just what crimes have I committed, that I have a bunch of bastards under my command who have no respect for military discipline..."

At this time---

"Just who is the expert on the city wall with such great archery skills. Please give us your name. Why use the hands of that trash fatty, to dare kill the [Violet Eagle] of the Right Minister's residence? With your strength you are definitely not someone normal, why must you hide yourself?"

A voice like rumbling thunder sounded out from below.

The person that spoke, was namely [Red Eagle].

He absolute did not believe that the arrow was shot out by that trash fatty. The only explanation was that there was a great expert within the City of Light. He borrowed fatty's hands to shoot such an unbelievable arrow, and killed [Violet Eagle].

From the current situation, the actions of him and his brothers had really been unprepared.

So that inexperienced little Lord of the Light Palace had evidently already made preparations, that's why he first dared to kill [Proud Eagle] and then hung his head as provocation. This was namely waiting for them to send punitive forces against him. He not only was not afraid of the Right Minister's residence, but instead had prepared to confront and stand against the Right Minister's residence...

It seemed like, from the beginning, he and the others had really underestimated the [Light Palace].

[Red Eagle] already completely understood at this time. He did not dare to have the slightest of underestimation or carelessness anymore. Altering his attitude, he instantly became cautious.

But his words caused significant alarm amongst the fatty and the others on the city wall.

"What? Right Minister's residence? [Violet Eagle]?"

The arguments between the fatty and the soldiers suddenly stopped. They had expressions where they just witnessed a ghost. The fatty cleaned his ears, then said dumbfoundedly, "Did I hear it wrong, what did the little kid say below. They are... of the Right Minister's residence? Someone within the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles]?"

One of the soldiers nodded his head. "Fatty, you seem to have incited trouble?"

Before he had finished.

The soldiers beside the fatty all scattered like beasts and birds, instantly disappearing without any traces.

"Motherfucker, for such a disaster, only a retard will report his name..." The fatty’s lips trembled, not even daring to let out a fart. He crouched down behind the walls,. Like a giant metaball, he rolled down the direction of the stairs, disappearing in the city.

[Red Eagle] waited for half the day before he discovered there was not even a figure left above the walls of the City of Light. The fatty had disappeared, as well as those soldiers that were on duty had also hidden somewhere.

What was this?

Could it be some kind of plot?

Just what the hell was happening at the City of Light?

[Red Eagle] looked towards the punishment pillar, where the head of [Proud Eagle] was hung, then looked towards the corpse of [Violet Eagle] that had been picked up by the soldiers of the Imperial Guard. He had not even noticed them departing. This was completely different from his aggressive and overbearing attitude he had when he came. The death of two of his sworn brothers, had made [Red Eagle] much more clear headed.

Even if there was near ten thousand comrades of the Imperial Guard next to him, [Red Eagle] did not have the slightest bit of confidence.

Was something really going to change?

[Red Eagle] gave a glance in the direction of the Right Minister's residence far off. He did not discover any strange movements. His heart suddenly realized something. Biting his teeth, he let out an order, "Lift the flags, sound the drums. The entire army is to strike at the city!"

They were already riding a tiger, it was difficult to stop. An arrow that was shot was not an arrow that could be taken back.

The four of them had brought soldiers along with them and caused a significant disturbance. It was impossible for the Right Minister’s residence not to know. At this time, they did not have any military orders coming, which represented the Right Minister had silently given his approval to this operation, which must continue on.

A melodious and vigorous drum beat sounded.

Within the air, airship after airship pushed apart the crowds as it gathered. It was like black-coloured bloodthirsty sharks swimming in the ocean of the sky. From all around the surroundings of the City of Light, it was if there was a fat piece of flesh dripping with blood that attracted such a frenzy.

The military troops on the ground constantly neared. One after another, portable formation energy cannons began flickering with formation yuan qi energy patterns, gathering with fearful energy.

Ta Ta Ta Ta!

The sound of thousand of horses and troops advancing was like the drum of the great earth was beating. Under the black stream constantly nearing, ten thousand people used their steel soled shoes to march on the ground, causing the earth to begin quivering.

The discipline and quality of the Imperial Guard of the Empire was demonstrated fully at this moment.

The complexion of [Red Eagle] became cold.

Within his eyes, there was a cold light flickering, like a gambler making his last mad decision. He suddenly waved his arm.

The deputy officer behind him instantly waved his flag.

Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!

The formation light cannons at the head of the airships as well as all of its sides suddenly began vibrating. Then it suddenly shot out an arc of light, like destructive lightning spreading throughout the sky. It seemed slow, but was in truth extremely quick. Like a meteor shower, it headed without any distinction towards the City of Light.

Such a scene was like fireworks in the day.

Such fireworks had a fatal terrifying aura of death.

As the City of Light was about to be turned into rubble by the barrage of light cannons, a ray of light flew outwards from the [Light Palace] at the very center. As this happened, along the old walls of the city, pillars of light shot towards the sky. This ancient city that had slumbered for a hundred years, seemed to have been suddenly awakened. Countless auras suddenly exploded, and a light layer that was like a ripple, as if an enormous silver bowl suddenly cupped the ground, protecting the city of light within!

Countless cannon barrages of light energy, struck on this flowing silver light screen.

The silver light screen suddenly began rippling like water, but the silver light screen was unharmed.

Such destructive light cannon fire could not pass through, it could not move this silver light screen. It was ultimately destroyed by the water-like ripples.

[Red Eagle] had his mouth gaping wide open.

His eyes were filled with a disbelieving and shocked light.

Within the City of Light... just when did it have such a level of defensive formation?

This little city that had long deprecated, a department that only had its name and no power, just what sort of depths could it have? How was this possible? One must know that in these fifty or sixty years, [Red Eagle] had also visited inside the City of Light may times. He could absolutely be certain that the formations within this ancient city, had long fallen into disuse and broken apart...

Huge shock made him lose focus for a moment.

"Continue to strike at it. No matter what the price, I want to break apart this flowing silver light formation." [Red Eagle] deeply breathed in a breath of air, as he let out a new order expressionlessly, "Unless we break the city, the army will not retreat."

An emotionless military drumbeat sounded out once again.

As such, another thousand layer of light cannon barrage, like the tongue of poisonous snakes, struck without distinction towards the City of Light-----



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 423:


Chapter 443, A great enemy incoming

But this second round of light cannon strike still had no effect on the silver flowing light screen. Despite the continuous bombardment, that thin paper-like layer of light screen was still standing strong.

Not only did it defend the attacks of the formation energy light cannons, the ships and armoured soldiers that were approaching close to the silver flowing light screen were also blocked from entering, unable to advance anymore.

[Red Eagle], [Snow Eagle] and the [Sly Eagle] were all standing stunned, not knowing what to do.

The Right Minister’s residence had overseen the Imperial Capital for all these years, just when had they ever suffered such a blow. In the entire Imperial Capital, there was rarely anyone that dared to challenge the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles] who were seen as sons of the Right Minister. Even the Golden Apex Prince Yu Feiyan, who occasionally fought with the Right Minister over power, dared not to touch the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles].

But in a short span of one day, the [Light Palace] had killed two eagles.

The remaining three eagles, after their huge outrage, had finally calmed down. And for the first time, felt that the situation in front of them seemed to be beyond the scope of their control. It was not something that they could solve and deal with.

……

In the [Light Palace].

Li Changheng and Yang Henshui were in some kind of deep slumber state, lying shoulder to shoulder on the bed of the cold jade. The terrifying fire poison injury was completely gone, leaving only faint scar marks on their skin and their breathing also returned steady and normal.

Jin San’s fire attack which contained the [‘One Taste’ True Flame], coordinated with the barbarian magic strength and the help of the bodies of several barbarian warriors, had inflicted severe injuries to the two men. The fire poison within their body was not a poison that ordinary people could treat. And even if a Bitter Sea expert was facing this sort of injury, they would also be placed into distress.

Fortunately, Ye Qingyu had mastered the supreme power of ice.

He drove away the fiery substance within their body using the [Supreme Ice Flame], and then used the cold jade bed to guide the formation of the [Light Palace] to remove the fire poison and force into the underground fire spring for it to be completely eliminated.

According to Ye Qingyu’s previous judgment, in another two or three days these two would completely return to normal and there would not be any residual effects whatsoever.

Ye Qingyu was thoroughly relieved.

He stood before the cold jade table and looked down.

At this time there was a miniature version of the holographic projection sand table that appeared in the main hall on the cold jade table. The countless projections that were reflected off of the jade table were more vivid and clearer than before on the ground of the stone palace.

Everything inside and outside of the City of Light was being displayed.

The scene of the Imperial Guards of the empire besieging the city was plainly visible.

But Ye Qingyu’s eyes this time fell on the soldier camp of the [Light Palace].

“This damn fatty really is a talent. He has been acting a fool all this time, even I could not tell, and was tricked by him...”

Ye Qingyu was able to clearly see the course of events of the big fat general killing [Purple Eagle] with three arrows through the holographic projection sand table on this cold jade table.

Ye Qingyu of course did not think that this fat man was just lucky, or it was a coincidence that this fat man occupied the upper hand.

It could be said that among the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagle’s], [Violet Eagle’s] archery skills were well known across the empire and he possessed such rare weapons such as the [Purple Cloud Bow] and [Flowing Light Arrow]. He had killed many strong masters before, but in this archery competition he was directly shot by the fat man and lost his life.

There was only one explanation: the fatty was incredibly skilled in archery and had reached the level of supernatural beings. He thoroughly crushed [Purple Eagle] who was equally an expert in archery.

Ye Qingyu had been in the City of Light for a while now, but it was only now that he realized that the fat man was a deep and unfathomable master.

It was just that this fat man had concealed his skills too deeply.

Adding to this the soldiers of his battalion all seemed old, disrespectful, impolite, and had a relaxed military disciplin. Along with this fat man they were just like a group of trash. However, after the lesson that he learned from the fat man, Ye Qingyu felt that the hooligan soldiers of the light camp should not be underestimated either.

The [Light Palace] that had been in decline for nearly a hundred years. Just what was the true treasure that had been left behind?

Ye Qingyu was suddenly aware of something.

He had been neglecting too many things before.

This fat man and this group of soldiers looked like idiots, but who knows whether they were just pretending? A man who can kill [Purple Eagle] with a bow and arrow was definitely not a nobody.

There were countless thoughts flashing across Ye Qingyu’s mind. As he was thinking of how to use this big fat man and the group of light soldiers, his eyes once again fell on the holographic projection sand table on the cold jade table.

Outside the city.

The situation had changed.

The Imperial Guards, led by three eagles, were frantically attacking, and in addition to the frontal attack, they were constantly digging, yet still could not intrude into the City of Light.

There was a scowl on Ye Qingyu’s face.

“The Imperial Guards of the empire are used only by the Imperial family. They should uphold the laws of heaven and humanity, protect the bloodline of the Imperial family of the Snow Empire, and defend the citizens of the Human Race of the empire. They are one of the most elite and important forces of the Human Race of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, even when the Demon and Barbarian Race invaded the borders of huge cities, the Imperial Guards still held back their troops. According to the Imperial Law, if not the critical moment, Imperial Guards should not move. These people of the Right Minister’s residencedare to mobilize the Imperial Guards to lay siege to the City of Light!”

There was an icy-cold killing intent in Ye Qingyu’s voice.

“The Emperor ignores government affairs, and the Imperial Guards had long divided into three groups: the Right Minister’s residence, the Golden Apex Prince and the military. It was already like scattered sand, so it’s normal that this kind of situation occurred.” Spirit monkey’s voice echoed in the [Light Palace]. “You chose the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles] as the point of breakthrough, and used thunderous methods to kill two people. This aligns with my thoughts exactly, hahaha, I was right about you... The heart of a bodhisattva, thunderous methods, haha, you are the same!”

“What is the same?” Ye Qingyu quickly enquired.

“Ah...” The spirit monkey stuttered, and very quickly changed the subject. “All these years the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles] were just like the lackeys of Lin Zheng, helping Lin Zheng this old fox to eradicate outsiders. I do not know how much blood had stained their hands. Except that [Silver Eagle] who comes like the wind, they are not good people. Pampered, vicious, and hostile. These people should have been dead long ago. Especially that [Proud Eagle] and [Red Eagle] they should have died 10,000 times already! So you were right to kill them, well done, haha!”

Ye Qingyu no longer questioned any further.

He noticed that from chatting with the monkey these days that at every crucial moments, the monkey would joke around. Since he would not find out any new information he might as well not ask.

After a while Ye Qingyu then said, “My martial skills are not good enough, but with the help of the power of the underground fire spring, [Spiritual Elder], how much longer can the [Silver Flowing Light Formation] withstand?”

In the past few days, the Spirit monkey had strongly requested Ye Qingyu to call him by this title.

“No need to worry, when my master activated the the [Silver Flowing Light Formation] back then, even experts of the Ascending Heaven stage could not break through. Those completely useless people outside, even if they attack for ten days and ten nights, the [Silver Flowing Light Formation] would not shake in the slightest...” the monkey said confidently.

Before his voice fell.

Bang!

A formidable force suddenly appeared, making the whole light city tremble.

“What’s going on?”

Ye Qingyu felt the ground quaking, the [Light Palace] shook up violently, as though it was about to collapse. Even the holographic projection sand table on the cold jade table was flickering and about to disappear.

This was the first time he had encountered such a strange sight ever since coming to the [Light Palace].

Suddenly, Ye Qingyu felt difficulty breathing.

This was a feeling only felt when a martial artist encounters a frightening presence. Ever since reaching the Bitter Sea stage, Ye Qingyu had never encountered an expert that brought him this feeling.

Before he could react, a roar of fury sounded from the pit of underground fire spring beneath——

“If I don’t do anything, you think I’m really dead?”

It was the voice of the Spirit monkey battle companion, with an indescribably, angry tone.

He had just said that this [Silver Flowing Light Formation] can support everything, but before his voice died away, the light film of the formation was almost crumbling. This was simply a slap in his face.

He attacked in fury.

Along with his voice came a golden beam of light, rising up from the [Light Palace], turning into a long golden light stick, the hoops at both ends was a coiled dragon. It was majestic, sacred, and solemn. There was a frightening divine power that could suppress the heavens twisting around the golden stick like it was alive. The roar of the dragon was too wonderful for words.

As the golden brilliance of the long stick enveloped him, the feeling of suffocation that Ye Qingyu felt before was gone. Instead a wonderful, indescribable warmth was wandering around his body. He felt as though he was walking on clouds like an immortal.

But in this split second, this strange golden stick shot out into the air with a swoosh from the giant courtyard of the [Light Palace] and disappeared with a flash.

At this moment, the formation projection sand table on the cold jade table instantly dissipated.

Ye Qingyu also was in no mood to look at the projection sand table. He flashed away, reappearing at the door of the [Light Palace], looking upwards.

Suddenly there was a huge jet-black bell that almost covered the sky, rapidly rotating, casting ominous lights and shadows like those of ancient demonic evil spirits. Every now and then, there was a slight vibration, as the bell produced a black light wave that, at a speed visible to the naked eye, struck the light film of the [Silver Flowing Light Formation].

The silver flowing light barrier that shrouded the city of light was rippling and flashing, the colour quickly growing weaker and cracks after cracks were spreading across the barrier.

“You again... die.”

The voice of the Spirit monkey battle companion was reverberating between heaven and earth.

And the golden coiled dragon cudgel soared, striking the huge jet-black bell above.

The moment he saw the jet-black giant bell, Ye Qingyu was slightly startled.

He knew that a real great enemy was coming.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 424:


Chapter 444, Clone shows off it’s power

From the very beginning, Ye Qingyu knew that, after his first entry into the [Light Palace] triggered the [Divine Sword of Light], there was an invisible undercurrent beginning to surge in the Imperial Capital. The powerful attacks that had once targeted the [Light Palace], that thunder, lightning, giant hand gale, rainstorm and so on were all terrifying top experts investigating the [Light Palace].

Even if he was unable to get out of the [Light Palace] for a long time and the investigating powers that were unable to penetrate the [Light Palace] had gradually disappeared, the real people that were watching the [Light Palace] had not really relaxed their vigilance at all.

Ye Qingyu had been preparing for more than half a year. As his martial arts progressed, the circumstances of the Snow Empire in the Heaven Wasteland Domain had begun to worsen.

After several discussions with the [Spiritual Elder] Spirit monkey battle companion, they finally decided to completely detonate the chaotic situation. To strike first to dominate the enemy and change the undercurrent into an obvious wave, in order to actively attack the Brute Race of the White Mountain Black Water.

And this step was just a bait.

Ye Qingyu’s real goal was the Right Minister’s residence.

The political powers of the empire were in disunity. In addition to the fact that the Emperor does not act, the Right Minister was a malignant cancer of the empire, repeatedly causing internal friction and constantly weakening the strength of the empire. This time, the peace negotiations were also something the Right Minster’s residence had vigorously encouraged.

The Right Minister seemed to be not the Right Minister of the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

But the Right Minster of the Right Minister’s residence.

In the eyes of the people of the Right Minster’s residence, the Human Race had divided long ago, and only their own interests were the real interests.

Ye Qingyu’s attack on the Brute Race was, in fact, just an excuse. He was really waiting for the people of the Right Minister’s residence to lose their patience and directly deal with the [Light Palace].

And as expected, [Proud Eagle] Wei Hua really took the bait.

The following events not only made Ye Qingyu surprised, but also extremely excited. The Right Minister’s residence had reacted so strongly. Logically speaking, given the scheming nature of the Right Minister and his understanding of the [Light Palace], he should not have let [Red Eagle] and others to cause such a huge scene, but that was the truth in front of him.

However, the moment this huge jet-black bell appeared, Ye Qingyu suddenly understood what the Right Minster was thinking.

“So in the heart of the Right Minister, the so-called [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles] who are like adopted sons, can be so easily discarded. With the death of [Proud Eagle] and [Purple Eagle], he found himself the excuse to attack... This man treats his soldiers like mud.”

Ye Qingyu intently watched the battle in the sky.

The golden coiled dragon stick appeared, violently striking the huge jet-black bell. The stick was hundreds of feet long, glittering with a golden colour. Its golden brilliance was like a huge raging wave that was about to pierce through the void in the sky, crushing the clouds.

The huge bell was knocked continuously and was shaking violently like a mountain, that even the black light that was being emitted was fragmented and could no longer attack. Instead it was defending against the golden coiled dragon cudgel.

In the sky, there was a thunder-like sound, incessantly roaring.

It was clearly visible that every time the huge bell was struck, there were wave-like air currents spreading outwards.

Suddenly, there was a boom of yuan qi in the sky, waves of qi shooting up, the invisible monstrous waves were shooting in all directions. Wherever the waves passed by, pieces of the void were being split like paper, light twisted, and black cracks appearing. But under the power of heaven and earth, the cracks were rapidly healed.

Although the two sides of the battle seemed like two pieces of weapons on the surface, the spectators all knew that they represented the showdown between two terrifying experts.

If the battlefield was not the high altitude of the endless sky, and both sides were not deliberately controlling their strength to not spread to the ground, then most likely, there would have been countless creatures crumbling into smithereens with each impact, large cities and mountains being turned into barren lands.

Such a level of battle was as if it was as simple as the Great Dao. On the surface, it was the staff as well as the bell clashing together once every ten breaths. But in reality, this was not only the clash of energy ,but was the strike and impact of the power of the Laws as well as martial will.

“That golden coiled dragon cudgel should be the embodiment of [Spiritual Elder], and the huge jet-black bell may be a power from the Right Minister’s residence. From the previous roar of [Spiritual Elder], it seems that these two people have already fought before, and are old enemies!”

Ye Qingyu thought to himself.

At this level of fighting, there was no way he could interfere.

Glancing around, Ye Qingyu’s attention once again returned to [Red Eagle] and the Imperial Guards outside of the City of Light.

“Since it has begun, let’s play with them.”

Ye Qingyu smiled and grew more determined.

As he was in deep thought, there was a wisp of milky white smoke shooting out from between his eyebrows across the sky, passing through the [Back Killing Gate], [Middle Killing Gate], and [Front Killing Gate], before arriving at the city tower of the [East Killing Gate].

Since the wretched fat man had fled with an army of people, there was not a single soldier in the town of the City of Light.

That wisp of faint milky white smoke was altering into a vague body shape, and then instantaneously into a solid form, becoming Ye Qingyu.

Clone projection.

This was one of the wonders of the formation of the [Light Palace].

Ye Qingyu was still unable to walk out of the [Light Palace]. Before when he suddenly appeared and killed [Proud Eagle] Wei Hua, that was in fact a clone projection, but now he knew that it was possible to let some people into the [Light Palace], such as Li Changheng and Yang Henshui, to use the cold jade bed to heal their injuries.

This projection was not only shaped exactly like Ye Qingyu, his cultivation, temperament, fighting strength, height and so on, were also no different to his real self. He was handsome and imposing, his white robe fluttering, like a dragon.

He stood at the city gate and looked down, his eyes rapidly scanning across thousands of men and horses, and immediately fell on [Red Eagle] and the other two people.

Outside of the City.

The emergence of the huge jet-black bell made the [Red Eagle] and the other two people breathe a sigh of relief.

Because that huge bell represented the will of the Right Minister.

So they more calmly commanded the troops and attacked the City of Light from all sides like a thunderstorm.

There were not many masters in the [Light Palace]. That wisp of divine thought of the Spirit monkey was the only threat, but now that the monkey’s attention was diverted, they only needed to break through the [Silver Flowing Light Formation] to instantly destroy the [Light Palace]. After this they would be commended by the Right Minster for their contributions.

“Haha, they are already decaying, but must struggle to their death. That’s just bringing humiliation to themselves. That conceited Palace Lord dares go against our Right Minister, what is he thinking!”

[Sly Eagle], Wu Yan sneered.

He was the eldest son of the head of the Weicheng City’s Wu household Wu Boxiong. Previously Ye Qingyu had a dispute with the Wu Household when he passed through Weicheng City, because of Sentinel B’s family matters. In the end the Wu family suffered a disastrous loss, and Wu Boxiong wrote to his eldest son to complain.

Wu Yan remembered this incident.

Hitting Weicheng City’s Wu household’s face was the same as hitting Wu Yan’s face.

As one of the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles], a trusted aide of the Right Minister, Wu Yan’s arrogance was no different from that of the other Eagles. He simply did not attach any importance to an insignificant fourth-ranked military marquis. He originally planned to wait for Ye Qingyu to enter the capital to give a warning to this boorish fellow.

But who would have known that once Ye Qingyu stepped foot into the capital, he would be taken away by Dugu Quan, then directly entered the training camp, and then the battle with the Du household in the Drunk Immortal Restaurant took place, and finally came into the [Light Palace]. Wu Yan never found the opportunity to retaliate and frame Ye Qingyu.

And he also gradually came to realize that he may not be able to win against the little military marquis that he had looked down on before.

This discovery made him both angry and resentful.

But the fact that things had suddenly changed and evolved to the situation it was now made the [Sly Eagle], Wu Yan, extremely excited.

Because he saw the hope of punishing the little military marquis.

As long as they could break into the City of Light, then everything that Ye Qingyu had would disappear again. In this chaotic battle, who could guarantee that the little Palace Lord would survive?

Wu Yan laughed grimly.

Beside him, [Red Eagle] and [Snow Eagle] also burst into loud laughter, sweeping away the silence and haze before.

But at this moment, for some reason, [Red Eagle] could feel his heart suddenly pounding, suddenly becoming flustered.

When he looked up again, on the empty city tower, for some reason, there was a youngster in a white jade-like robe and with ink-black hair charging toward him and the other people. His eyes, cold and sharp like a sword, were fixing him with a piercing stare, as though cutting his face. There was a chill in the air.

“Who is that?”

[Red Eagle] was inwardly shocked.

But before he had the time to react, that white figure flickered and shot out like a stream of flowing light, piercing through the [Silver Flowing Light Formation]. Like a ghost, he immediately arrived in front of him.

“Die!”

The white youngster uttered coldly, his finger, like a sword, pointed to the spot between the [Red Eagle’s] eyebrows.

“Ah....” [Red Eagle] shrieked, when several red lights whirled out from his body, circling around and protecting him within. At the same time the sword at his waist was pulled up.

But it was only pulled out half way.

Because the next moment his head went flying up.

Ye Qingyu’s current cultivation stage, the Bitter River of the Bitter Sea stage, and his understanding of the [Human King Sword Mantra] was at the peak level. His attack had finally reached the state mentioned in the three Greatest Sword Mantras, making the opponents unable to defend themselves.

Having no sword in one’s hand was superior to having a sword.

As his sword-like finger was stretching out, there was an invisible sword qi shooting forward. The cultivation level of [Red Eagle] was lower than that of Ye Qingyu, and he had never seen such a marvelous and unique sword technique before, so he was careless and killed in one move.

It was only when [Red Eagle’s] head flew up, that [Snow Eagle] and [Sly Eagle] reacted.

“What?”

“Bad... run!”

The two people were almost frightened to death.

[Red Eagle’s] strength was above theirs, yet was unexpectedly killed by the white-robed youngster in the blink of the eye. They knew that they were definitely no match for this white-robed youngster.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

