Chapter 1025:


Chapter 1040, The end of a Quasi-emperor



Quasi-emperor Mushan was a man of great luck, who received the inheritance of a severed force of the God and Demon Age. Moreover his constitution was special. While trapped in a secret environment, he had achieved the Quasi-emperor realm after countless years of cultivation, and was considered a genius of the world. However, he had not been on this world for too long, thus his reputation was not particularly special. Adding to this, his cultivation base was achieved through self-cultivation, and although he had trained in the land of formations of the severed force, his actual combat experience was too little, his heart had not been through the hammering of battles and thus was not stable. This was Quasi-emperor Mushan’s biggest flaw in his martial arts.

Moreover, after Quasi-emperor Mushan came out of training, he came to the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor and went after the advantages. Due to his grudges with Ye Qingyu, he finally joined hands with the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect without distinguishing right from wrong, and had planted great evil karma. Even if he was a Quasi-emperor existence, the moment he was involved, it was absolutely difficult to detach from the battle.

“Who are you?” Quasi-emperor Mushan stared at the old man with a puzzled gaze.

The old man smiled, “if you retreat, you will be safe, otherwise, in the midst of this heaven and earth calamity, you will not escape.”

“It's hard to quit when you're in it.” Quasi-emperor Mushan shook his head, making another move.

Although he lacked hammering and polishing, he was after all a Quasi-emperor. He also could feel the flow of the fate of heaven and earth, and had chosen to be involved in it, he chose his stance and it was too late to retreat. At this moment he did not have the slightest hesitation. Since there was no way forward, might as well step forward in large strides.

“Sigh, hundreds of years of cultivation will come to nothing.” The Quasi-emperor old man let out a long sigh, Emperor qi flowing all around him as he joined the battle.

His silver hair erupted in a blaze of light.

Strands of hair and beard, suddenly as though they had turned alive, transformed into a number of silver dragons. Their silver scales were flashing like stars in the sky, and the clutch of the dragon claw seemed able to break celestial bodies. The dragons were breathing out silvery light that contained majestic Quasi-emperor power, engulfing the world and Quasi-emperor Mushan.

A great battle had broken out.

The situation had turned into three against two.

It was the battle of life and death among the five great Quasi-emperors.

Ye Qingyu was a little more relaxed, but his brows were furrowed tightly.

The injuries that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had sustained were too severe to the point that the others thought that he might collapse and die at any moment. Moreover he did not have an Emperor weapon in his hands, was fighting against two, and although he still occupied the upper hand, Ye Qingyu still did not have a very good feeling. He had always felt that a battle that involved the fate of various races would never be so simple. The arrival of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor was like a fuse. The extent of the intensity of the explosion it triggered was unpredictable.

The aftermath of the Quasi-emperor battle in the Void was becoming more and more oppressive.

The spectating figures drew back again and again.

Ye Qingyu activated the [Cloud Top Cauldron], protecting him and Lu Wei.

The arrogant youngster's face flashed a confident glow.

He glanced at Ye Qingyu, then at the divine battle among the five great Quasi-emperors in the distance, as if mumbling to himself but also seemed to be talking to Ye Qingyu, he said, “My grandpa is invincible, he will certainly win... in this world, there is no mountain that my grandpa can't climb past.”

Ye Qingyu did not respond.

The strength of Lu Wei was ordinary, that is the pinnacle of the Saint realmm and not quite the Great Saint.

But he was very young, two years younger than Ye Qingyu. This was his real age, rather than the transformation in physical state after martial arts success. He addressed the old man Quasi-emperor as grandpa, but the age seemed to not match, because the old man was at least tens of thousands of years old. However there must be a reason for this. It could be seen that the old man doted on his only grandson, and had spent a lot of effort to let Lu Wei achieve the cultivation base of the Saint realmm at such a young age. His foundation of martial arts was very solid and stable, and not like the younger brother of Quasi-emperor Mushan, leaving behind countless flaws because of rapid success.

But even so, without the power of the old man, given Lu Wei’s strength, it would have been impossible for him to make it here.

The old man Quasi-emperor brought Lu Wei here in the hopes that his grandson would see the most powerful forces in the world.

But when Lu Wei said such a thing, Ye Qingyu immediately realized that the arrogant youngster had begun to worry about his grandpa. Only when one is not confident, the more one would say such self-deceptive words. After all, the opponents that his grandfather was facing were not Saint experts or Great Saints, but Quasi-emperors who had really stepped on the pinnacle of martial arts.

In a blink of an eye, changes occurred again on the battlefield.

“Ah...” a tragic scream came.

Quasi-emperor Mushan's tremendous body was severed into two at the waist, suffering serious injuries.

The old man Quasi-emperor looked like a deity had descended onto the world, his hair and beard had transformed into numerous silver dragons, breaking Quasi-emperor Mushan's dharma body, and like thousands of silver ropes, twisted around the broken body of Quasi-emperor Mushan, gnawing frantically. The scene was extremely shocking and terrifying.

“Grandpa's going to win,” Lu Wei breathed a sigh of relief and cheered.

Ye Qingyu also heaved a sigh of relief.

The situation was smoother than he had thought. The strength of the old man Quasi-emperor was extremely terrifying, and Quasi-emperor Mushan was no match for him at all.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1026:


The Four Stars holy girl, the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] Jiang Xiaohan and the others all had an abrupt change of expression.

“You have already taken the wrong path and transcended hope, why not return?” the voice of the old man Quasi-emperor echoed in the cosmic Void.

At this moment, his power and might were unmatched, silver emperor aura was exuding from all over his body. Even if he had fought to this extent, he still gave the graceful feeling of a celestial being. His moves did not display any sparks or smoke, and instead was as flowing and elegant as a celestial being, but strangely powerful.

“I am not willing, I have been sitting on the achievements of Quasi-emperor for hundreds of years, I am the youngest Quasi-emperor, I... have yet to shock the world...” Quasi-emperor Mushan roared. In his struggle, he was releasing violet light all over, seemingly burning the essence of his source origin, making the final struggle. He severed off the white whiskers that wrapped around him. He had a unique achievement of the Quasi-emperor but unfortunately before he had established real fame in the world he was going to fall.

In the distance, the experts who saw the scene were both shocked and awed.

A Quasi-emperor was going to fall?

This was a living Quasi-emperor. How long had it been since such a scene was seen?

The fall of a Quasi-emperor had always been an event that shocked the world.

The Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor gasped, his lips turning cold. If Quasi-emperor Mushan died, then he would be in a critical situation. He wanted to help, but was suppressed by [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], unable to even fend for himself. Even if he had the [Four Stars Sword] in his hand, and had joined forces with the macaque-resembling, lightning-wielding  Quasi-emperor, was still at a disadvantage. He couldn't help feeling unwilling, furious, shocked, and a little reverent.

They were all Quasi-emperors but why was the gap between them so great?

Had the rumours not said that Li Xiaofei was suppressed in a bronze hall in the Black Demon Abyss and had almost worn out his origin source and led to a loss of his original strength?

Why would he be this strong?

The Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor weighed the gains and losses in his mind. If he chose to pay the price to forcibly resist the attack of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], perhaps he may have the opportunity to go out of the battle circle to rescue Quasi-emperor Mushan, but he was hesitant to do so and continued to calculate whether the benefits were worthwhile...

“Save me,” Quasi-emperor Mushan yelled out.

His body had already broken up, turned into hundreds of pieces, burning violet light. His struggle had little use.

The aura of the old man Quasi-emperor was graceful, but he was determined to kill.

However, the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect in the end did not try to save him at all costs.

“Ah... I'm not willing to, I... let's die together then,” Quasi-emperor Mushan screamed out in despair, and eventually all his dharma body fragments were burning, erupted in a blaze of ultimate strength and light, like the self-explosion of ordinary martial artists. The tremendous amount of energy produced ruptured the battlefield, and suddenly an extremely terrifying power burst forth in the direction of the Quasi-emperor old man.

It was his last blow before death.

The old man Quasi-emperor also dared not treat this attack carelessly. The silver dragons returned and twisted around him like dragon armour, defending his dharma body.

Even so, he was repeatedly drawing back because of the impact of the terrifying violet light tide.

How terrifying was the dying blow of a Quasi-emperor?

The old man sighed.

Each Quasi-emperor could be said to be the child of luck, loved by the heavens and earth. In the usual times, unless it was an era of war or chaotic killing period, a Quasi-emperor rarely fell. Who would have thought that today he would kill a Quasi-emperor? This karma was significant, and he certainly would have to take responsibility for his actions.

Violet light currents flowed around, drowning the Void.

One of the most dazzling brilliances suddenly emerged, bypassing the old man Quasi-emperor and sped towards the other direction.

“Huh? Not good...” The old man Quasi-emperor cried out in shock.

The one that Quasi-emperor Mushan wanted to kill before his death was not him but... Ye Qingyu?!

The direction the dazzling violet brilliance was shooting towards was exactly where Ye Qingyu and Lu Wei were.

At that very moment, Ye Qingyu also reacted.

“Damn it...” He couldn't help cursing, while Lu Wei next to him had been frightened stiff. He did not even have the chance to take out and activate the protective treasure that his grandpa had given him.

Boom!

Violet brilliance bombarded the position of the two people.

The old man Quasi-emperor was furious, but his expression abruptly changed.

It turned out that at that critical moment, there was a flash where Ye Qingyu and Lu Wei stood as they instantly reappeared tens of thousands of kilometers away. They had unbelievably dodged that attack. That attack was incomparably sudden and Quasi-emperor Mushan was extremely determined, and even he was not able to react in time. But Ye Qingyu was able to dodge it...

How did he do that?

The Quasi-emperor old man felt that he really couldn't see through this junior of the same race.

Ye Qingyu was wiping the cold sweat on his forehead.

That moment just now was definitely the closest he had ever been to death.

Fortunately, the [Flash] formations under the Dharma State had a greater teleporting range, and not even the power of a Quasi-emperor could hinder it. Just as he was almost blown to ashes, he instinctively activated the [Flash] formation and escaped the calamity with Lu Wei.

“What a pity, the [Flash] formation of the ancient bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart] have a cooling-off time and can’t be used for a short period of time. My number of life-saving hidden cards has lessened.” Ye Qingyu felt a stabbing pain. He had another important use for this life-saving formation, but was forced to use it earlier than intended.

And on the other side, Lu Wei still had a look of shock across his face.

He looked at Ye Qingyu in shocked disbelief, still unable to believe that, in such a situation, Ye Qingyu was not only able to run for his own life, but also saved him from death——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1027:


Chapter 1042, The opportunity of Emperor belongs to——



“I...” Lu Wei mumbled with a complicated expression. “Thank you, I owe you a life.”

Ye Qingyu smiled, “I still owe your grandfather a life.”

Lu Wei didn't say anything more.

He was also part of the Human Race, had a deep family heritage, and ever since coming to the world had been arrogant and saw nothing worthwhile around him. He thought he was the strongest human of his generation, and as a result challenged Ye Qingyu. Lu Wei could not accept Ye Qingyu's huge fame, and was discontent ever since that day Ye Qingyu destroyed his sword; however, this arrogant youngster was beginning to admire him.

It was not just Lu Wei who was shocked.

There were also other experts.

At that moment, all of the experts present felt that Ye Qingyu would surely die.

Even the experts who had goodwill and affection for Ye Qingyu had no time to make any reaction or help.

Who would have thought that Ye Qingyu had such a means of saving himself, which was able to even avoid the attack that a Quasi-emperor had risked his life to launch out. It was too in defiance of the natural order that many people wanted to curse out loud.

After, the old man Quasi-emperor was taken aback for a moment, nodded with a thoughtful expression on his face and a hint of relief flashed across.

He was even more relieved that Lu Wei was under Ye Qingyu's protection. Apart from the Quasi-emperors, the other people would not be able to harm his only grandson thus he could entirely focus on the battle.

The old man turned around, stepping into the great battle with the other three Quasi-emperors.

The situation was overturned right away.

Previously it was only [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] struggling to withstand against three people, even though his bravery was unmatched he still found it difficult to turn around the situation. But now Quasi-emperor Mushan had fallen and the old man Quasi-emperor had joined the battle, turning the situation into two against two. The number was completely balanced, but the scene was completely one-sided based on combat force. Whether it was [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] or the old man Quasi-emperor, both were much stronger than the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor and the ancient macaque-resembling, lightning wielding Quasi-emperor. Previously [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was able to suppress two Quasi-emperors, not to mention now.

“Aaahhhh...” The ancient macaque-resembling, lightning-wielding Quasi-emperor roared, soon suffering serious injuries, stumbling back, and struck by [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] punch. It was unknown how many huge stars he had crashed into.

Emperor blood sprayed across the sky like a red river.

The Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor also roared, brandishing the [Four Stars Sword] in fury to destroy the silver dragons that filled the sky.

He was also in a state of siege and imminent danger.

This large-scale Quasi-emperor battle seemed to be coming to an end.

It was just that the way and the result of this end would make many people sleepless and have nightmares.

At this time, in the surroundings of the battle circle there were already many figures trembling with fear and drawing back, unfortunately the Quasi-emperor battle was not over. Before the outcome of the battle had been decided, this Void would exist forever, others were unable to leave this battlefield or escape, and had to continue to wait here.

Ye Qingyu finally breathed a sigh of relief.

He could see that there would be no more changes.

As for the appearance of the old man Quasi-emperor, it shouldn’t be an unexpected surprise, but what [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had planned out in advance. He probably had calculated that he would fall into a calamity during the arrival of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, so he had secretly invited an old friend to come assist him. The old man Quasi-emperor, who had been secretive in his movement and trace, and had not shown up in countless years, was thought to have died. However, at the most critical time he appeared and killed Quasi-emperor Mushan.

Of course, these were all Ye Qingyu's guesses.

Whether the truth was like this or not was no longer important.

In Ye Qingyu's mind, there was another question that arose.

Since the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor had already dissipated, the so-called Emperor opportunity should have already been taken.

Whose hands did it fall into?

Although Ye Qingyudid not expect to receive this opportunity, uhe still wanted to know the final result, not only because of curiosity but that the result was very important.

“What are you thinking?” a voice sounded behind Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu spun around, “Elder, you’re back?”

This voice naturally belonged to the million-year-old soul.

Besides the million-year-old soul, what Ye Qingyu was most surprised about was that Nan Tieyi who had disappeared all of a sudden, was also standing next to him.

“Elder, big brother Nan Tieyi, where have you been?” Ye Qingyu was relieved to see that the two were uninjured, but couldn't help asking.

“Went to figure something out.” The million-year-old soul's aura was more and more similar to that of a human. “Boy you wouldn’t have guessed, it really is unexpected, while these high and mighty Quasi-emperors are pecking each other like geese, the Emperor opportunity had been taken away by another person. Hahaha, so funny.”

“Another person? Who is it?” Ye Qingyu exclaimed.

The million-year-old soul was the suspected reincarnation of the Chaos Demon Emperor, if there really was an Emperor opportunity in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, there was the biggest possibility of it falling into the hands of the million-year-old soul. Ye Qingyu had thought about this hypothesis before, but didn’t expect the million-year-old soul to actually say this.

“A little girl,” the million-year-old answered. “A pitifully weak little girl, perhaps this is fate.”

Little girl?

And with pitifully weak strength.

Ye Qingyu was surprised.

If her strength was not strong enough, then it would have been impossible for her to enter the Reincarnation Hall.

“This...” Ye Qingyu was in disbelief.

The million-year-old soul shook his head, sighing, “I know you will find it hard to believe, I also cannot believe it till now, but it is true. Adding to this, it was not the little girl who found the Emperor opportunity, but the Emperor opportunity flew out of the Reincarnation Hall, broke through the Void, and directly found the little girl. This matter is so strange. Could it be that the little girl is the reincarnation of a martial arts Emperor? Her luck is simply in defiance of the natural order.”

When he said this, he sucked his teeth as though his lungs ached, evidently feeling that the matter was too absurd.

Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded upon hearing this.

If it weren’t the million-year-old soul who said this, Ye Qingyu absolutely would have thought it was complete nonsense.

The Emperor opportunity had taken the initiative to find an owner?

Ye Qingyu found it unbelievable, yet it seemed possible on another thought.

After all, this was an Emperor opportunity. Anything once involved the word ‘Emperor’ would become difficult to measure. No matter what the content was or what kind of thing it was, no one knew. If the so-called opportunity had a spirit, a consciousness, then it was possible for it to choose its own master.

“Has elder seen the little girl?” After his initial shock, Ye Qingyu asked, “What race is she?”

The million-years soul cast a glance at Ye Qingyu and spread opened his hand as he spoke, “I know what you’re worried about, unfortunately I had only vaguely extrapolated a corner of the information, before I was blocked all of a sudden and couldn’t find out anything more. The luck is too strong, it is most likely that the heavens and earth are secretly protecting this future martial arts Emperor, blocking everything about her. However, there is one thing that I am completely sure of.”

“What?” Ye Qingyu asked.

“She is not a human,” the million-year-old soul said firmly.

Ye Qingyu was speechless when he heard these words.

This really was bad news.

But the million-year-old soul was not able to specifically find out which race she was. He said with a wry smile, “Don't think too much about it, not only I, it would be difficult for even Quasi-emperors to deduce the whereabouts of this girl. The force of the heavens and earth are protecting her. It is impossible to use or kill her. We can only wait, wait until the lucky child rises in defiance of the natural order, and perhaps the outside world would be aware of a glimmer of clue.”

“As long as it is not a person of the Four Stars Sect or an enemy of the Human Race.”

Ye Qingyu comforted himself.

In fact, previously Ye Qingyu had guessed that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had obtained the Emperor opportunity, which was why everybody wanted to kill him at all costs.

It turned out not to be the case.

“Well, well, now is not the time to focus on these matters. The immediate opportunity must not be missed.” The million-year-old soul waved his hand and pointed to the other spectating experts nearby, “Look, they have already reacted.”

Ye Qingyu looked over, only to see that the Four Stars holy girl, the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] Jiang Xiaohan, the successor of the Sky Meteor Sect and the Crown Prince of the Black Demon Abyss were already sitting cross-legged in the Void, shrouded in light flames all over and activating yuan qi to protect themselves. At the same time they, who seemed to be absorbing something, were in a very solemn state.

The other experts were basically the same.

A golden python dharma body was in the Void opening its mouth wide as though swallowing the essence of the moon. In the vast pitch-black sky, there were wisps of light violet qi being swallowed into its mouth in large mouthfuls.

It was the essence of Quasi-emperor Mushan?

Ye Qingyu finally had understanding dawning on his face.

Quasi-emperor Mushan had fallen. His dharma body had dissipated between the heavens and earth, but the energy and essence that the Dharma body contained were not completely annihilated, but were diffusing. How frightening was the energy that the Dharma body of a Quasi-emperor contained, which existed in abundance across a radius of tens of thousands of kilometers, and instantly turned the starry sky into the cultivation grounds of an Immortal.

These experts had reacted long ago, swallowing the remnant energy of Quasi-emperor Mushan's Dharma body.

This sort of power was the essence of a Quasi-emperor Dharma body, contained Emperor will, and the slightest trace could bring about great changes. Not to mention that this time the remnants of Emperor power in the Void was so strong. For many experts, it was simply inexhaustible.

This was simply an unparalleled blessing.

“What are you doing standing there in a daze? You two stand apart a little,” the million-year-old soul excitedly roared, turned into a stream of light, speeding off into the distance, and activated a mysterious technique. He opened up all his pores and frantically absorbed the violet qi in the cosmic starry sky. He needed a lot of energy to refine the Immortal body, and in the future would require much more for full integration and recovery. What could be happier than devouring the essence of a fallen Quasi-emperor?

In fact, after refining the Immortal body, in his weakest state, he still chose to come to this battlefield. His purpose was to wait for this moment, swallow the essence and power of the fallen Quasi-emperor, and store up power in preparation for his long recovery.

Ye Qingyu looked at Nan Tieyi.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1028:


Chapter 1043, The outcome of the battle

“I know you have a lot of questions, but when it's all over, I will tell you everything about what happened in the [Seven Elements Relief Palace].” Nan Tieyi smiled calmly.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

Nan Tieyi, like the million-year-old soul, transformed into a stream of light, opened up the distance between them and began to swallow the violet energy between the heavens and earth.

Standing in the starry sky, Ye Qingyu scanned the surroundings and saw that everyone was scrambling to draw on the essence and power of Quasi-emperor Mushan.

Except for one person.

The [White Jade Capital] successor.

The woman in white, who was like a fairy of the ninth heaven, was dignified and graceful, emitting a faint pure moonlight glow all over. Her graceful indifference seemed somewhat unreal, like that of a fairy in a painting.

She stood there quietly, maintaining a layer of perfectly round silver brilliance around her, blocking Quasi-emperor Mushan's violet emperor qi, and did not absorb this power as the others did.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback when he saw this scene.

The [White Jade Capital] was rumoured to be an ancient supreme sect, mastered the secret of longevity, and that there had been a God emerged from this sect, who was said to be Immortal and inextinguishable. The laws and techniques they cultivate were different from those of ancient and modern martial arts. The action of the [White Jade Capital] successor suddenly made Ye Qingyu aware of something.

Longevity!

Becoming Emperor!

The path of martial arts!

Three statements like lightning flashed in Ye Qingyu's mind. He gradually arranged his thoughts and found some connection between the three.

“The essence of a Quasi-emperor, which contains the Emperor qi, is the rarest elixir for martial artists. One breath could make a huge difference in one's cultivation. In particular, the slightest Emperor qi, once entered into a martial artist’s body, would be like a planted seed. As long as there is an opportunity, perhaps it can grow into a towering tree, and open the path of martial arts like a key...”

Ye Qingyu stood where he was, pondering over the gains and losses, and was not anxious to absorb that power.

Because the choice of the [White Jade Capital] successor made Ye Qingyu aware that, although the harvest was huge, it did not mean there would be no side effects.

Drawing on the power of Quasi-emperor Mushan, he would be affected by his karma, and most importantly, inevitably be influenced by the power of Quasi-emperor Mushan, and perhaps embark on the same road. The end of this road may also be the cultivation base that Quasi-emperor Mushan possessed. There would be no road ahead, and only a steep cliff. At that time it would be even more difficult to advance further.

Ye Qingyu's martial arts was originally incredibly complex, and now he was in the process of separating the wheat from the chaff. But by absorbing the power of Quasi-emperor Mushan, was that not the same as walking on an old road?

And if he wanted to embark on the path to the pinnacle, he must carve out his own way.

Ye Qingyu's mind gradually grew determined.

In the face of such temptation, he finally restrained the heart of greed.

However...

“Heh heh, even if I don’t use it, there is no harm in storing some violet Emperor qi for use in the future!”

Ye Qingyu summoned out the [Blood Drinker Sword], activated the formations markings, and let it absorb the emperor qi between the heavens and earth.

At the same time, he also activated the [Cloud Top Cauldron], which frantically swallowed the energy like a whale drawing up water.

Such efficiency was simply terrifyingly astonishing.

The violet qi in the starry sky was frantically flowing in the direction of Ye Qingyu, forming a vortex of violet qi visible to the naked eye, resembling a violet dragon that was actively moving in the direction of Ye Qingyu, and gathering towards the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] and the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. It was unknown how many more times efficient it was than that of other experts.

“I...” The million-year-old soul was a bit astounded.

His Immortal body was a bottomless hole that could engulf all power, and had forcibly received two attacks from Quasi-emperor Mushan before, and thereby devoured all the power. Moreover, he had come prepared this time, and absorbed the violet qi through a secret method. Everything was within his calculation, except for Ye Qingyu. The method that Ye Qingyu used to swallowed the violet qi was so crazy that there was no way he could match up to him.

The boy was simply breaking the impossible and creating miracles everywhere.

The million-year-old soul grudgingly flew further away, knowing that he could not compete with Ye Qingyu.

Time passed by.

In the blink of an eye, half an hour had past.

All of the experts were frantically vying for the violet qi which remained after Quasi-emperor Mushan's death.

Fortunately, this violet Quasi-emperor qi was incomparably majestic; after all, it was the energy of a Quasi-emperor's Dharma body. The amount that was dispersing was so tremendous that it was simply indescribable, inexhaustible and endless. Therefore there was no need to fight for this power.

At this time, there was another change on the Quasi-emperor battlefield in the distance.

There were bursts of incomparably fierce deafening rumbles.

The macaque Quasi-emperor had been seriously injured, his Dharma body almost broken apart, constantly reeling back in the starry sky. He roared repeatedly as the lightning cone and hammer in his hands frantically struck, releasing vast ocean-like Emperor qi. But under the impact of the old man Quasi-emperor, he failed to even stand firmly and could only roar, “If I was in my peak state would I be humiliated by you like this... ”

“Since you’re a creature that had already rested in peace and had freed yourself from the earthly restraint, why don’t you rest quietly?” The old man Quasi-emperor’s words were the same as what [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had said before. He had decided that the ancient macaque Quasi-emperor of thunder and lightning was a dead existence, and did not know for what reason he was reincarnated and came to the world to stir up trouble.

Anybody would be afraid of an existence like that.

This was a creature that should not exist in the world.

On the other side, the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor was already soaked with blood, one arm directly torn off by [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

“Cough, cough... you... think you have won?” The Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor roared with laughter, coughing out blood.

From his laughter, there was sadness, reluctance, and anger.

After all, he was a Quasi-emperor. Although he had been living in seclusion for a long period of time, he had stepped into the Quasi-emperor realm for too long, though it can't be compared to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]’s thousands of years of fame. When he had become a Quasi-emperor he had the ambition to sweep away all the forces but he was defeated so badly.

Was it really the end?

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was soaked in blood all over, the blood light resembling blazing fire, and even his long hair was dyed red. Laughing, he swung his fist forward, “Whether it is a win or loss the later generations will evaluate. No matter who, no matter what choice, one must be prepared to bear the defeat. Your talent is indeed extraordinary, and you can be called the strongest human of your generation, unfortunately you went the wrong way, and became an Emperor with the help of that power. You’re just a puppet after all!”

The Dao sound that filled the fist shattered the chest of the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect.

“But what about you? Cough, cough... you... how long can you live? Haha, such injuries, even a Fiendgod... cough, cough... would also die. I find it hard to believe that you can live in defiance of the natural order... cough!” The Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor coughed up blood, constantly drawing back.

He laughed in an uncontrolled way.

Although his failure was imminent, the opponent had just miserably won, because Li Xiaofei was so severely wounded that his Dharma body was almost broken, and would most likely leave behind consequences. Even if he was victorious today, he had lost the future. Not only would it be difficult to become Emperor, his life yuan was reduced greatly, the Quasi-emperor source origin had been damaged and he would not live for long.

“How can an ordinary person understand the ambitions of a great person?” The blood all over [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was blazing, producing a bright brilliance.

Boom!

The Quasi-emperor battle brought out a terrifying Dao sound and the power of destruction began to surge.

The Four Stars Quasi-emperor’s other arm was also broken into pieces.

His large body was retreating, blood shooting out, submerging several large stars.

At this moment, the situation of the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect was very bad. His Dharma body was almost collapsing, and he had already failed to maintain control of his energy. There was Emperor qi scattering across the starry Void of the universe, just like before the death of Quasi-emperor Mushan.

He was very unwilling and had attempted to escape several times.

On the other side, following a deafening roar, the body of the ancient macaque-resembling, lightning-wielding Quasi-emperor was crushed, losing control of the lightning cone and hammer, which turned into two specks of green light floating in the starry Void, unable to release any ability as if the power had already been completely consumed...

Another venerable Quasi-emperor was coming to an end.

“Damn...” The million-year-old soul cursed out loud, looking at the distant old man Quasi-emperor. “That old man is really a Quasi-emperor assassin. He looks graceful but his actions are really ruthless.”

In this short period of time, the old man Quasi-emperor had already slaughtered two Quasi-emperors.

The remnant body of the Ancient macaque-resembling, lightning-wielding Quasi-emperor produced a deafening roar, before it transformed into a green-black torrent of energy, abandoning the old man Quasi-emperor and frantically sped toward [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]...

“Attack together, today, no matter what, we must kill Li Xiaofei, otherwise...” His voice resounded in the Void, as though he wanted to kill [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] before death and did not seem to care about the old man who had forced him to this desperate state.

The Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect also roared, light flames blazing all over his Dharma body, similarly transformed into a torrent of power, ignoring all attacks and sped towards [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

“Hahaha, you came at the right time, laugh all over the world, I have always acted on my own authority… [A smile overturns the sky]!”

Li Xiaofei burst into loud laughter.

[A smile overturns the sky]!

It was the most terrifying supreme martial arts of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

This most terrifying legendary emperor technique had, after four thousand years, finally reappeared in the world.

His howl of laughter, like a tangible substance, was flowing in the Void, like some kind of strengthened wave frequency. His laughter unbelievably struck the surrounding stars, like an echo, instantly forming an earth-shattering force. It was as if the whole world was raging under this tremendous laugh, resonating, shaking... then breaking, collapsing and exploding.

The Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor and the Ancient macaque-resembling, lightning-wielding Quasi-emperor transformed into two currents that were enough to drown all the terrifying Dao sounds, collided with the laughter, and immediately entered into a strange state of annihilation. There was not the slightest fluctuation of energy, nor other brilliance or images, but that scene was unforgettable.

Ye Qingyu also stopped absorbing violet qi.

He stared blankly at the scene in the distance that went against the order of the laws of heaven and earth.

This was the real collision between Quasi-emperors, the real impact of the strongest forces.

The state of annihilation of the three forces, which were strangely different from each other, was clearly a manifestation of the primitive form of a very clear law. At this moment, the layer of white fabric that shrouded the mysteries of the Emperor’s Dao, the law, and the power between heaven and earth was torn apart by some sort of strength, and then nakedly displayed.

A thousand years in a blink, countless changes and transformations occurring.

It was unknown how many lightning were wildly flashing at the same time in Ye Qingyu's mind. Countless beams of light cut through the darkness and fog, lighting up many of the scenery he had never seen before, but there also seemed to be countless thunderstorms brewing...

This was an opportunity.

A great opportunity.

Unfortunately, those flashes of lightning and thunderbolts did not last long, died away after a flash, and the place that was illuminated went dark again, leaving only a faint impression in his mind.

It was clearly the profound meaning of the Emperor's Dao.

It was the biggest secret between the heavens and earth.

Ye Qingyu was impatient, subconsciously opened his eyes wide, wanting to see more.

Unfortunately it was at this time that, all of a sudden, in the distant battlefield, following a loud boom, three forces erupted in a bright brilliance. At this moment, the outcome of the Emperor battle had finally been determined——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

