Chapter 445:


465 - Crepe Myrtle Sword



The assassin had not even imagined that his sword strike that he had planned carefully even at the risk of lowering his status, would be perfectly dealt with by Ye Qingyu with that dream-like battle technique. What was even more terrifying was that, in that instant, he was struck back instead. A surge of cold yuan qi was destroying his body from the inside, causing him not help but spit out blood.

Ye Qingyu lifted his hand, and there were constant moves that were unendingly being exhibited.

The assassin let out an angry roar, and the long sword in his hand that was resplendent like autumn water exploded with a light. Tight and clusterested formation swords were like the thousands of rays of sunlight shooting out, layer after layer, completely submerging and covering over Ye Qingyu.

"Hahaha..."

There was still the mockery, like a Fiendgod laughing at a deity. Ye Qingyu's figure once again inexplicably turned into a silver white mist instantly. The thousand rays of sword light that struck to kill destroyed this mist image, but sword after sword just struck thin air.

"Dissolution?"

In the eyes of many people, there was shock appearing.

The next instant, Ye Qingyu's figure appeared instantly behind the assassin, his cold ice sword image striking out to kill.

The reaction of this person was exceedingly fast. His figure retreated explosively, and he lifted his hand to block.

Ding!

As the swords met, there was a crisp sound that resounded.

But the ice sword mirage only halted for a brief moment, then it went incorporeal. It passed by through the blocking long sword of that person, and in the moment it struck that person's body, it once again turned solid.

"Ah..." That person let out a shout, the yuan qi protecting around his body madly flickering. It forcibly received that sword, and there was a faint trace of a wound left behind by that ice sword.

"Damn!"

That person shouted, his yuan qi madly activating. The autumn water long sword in his hand let out a incomparably strange energy, a powerful sword technique being activated. It instantly wanted to crush Ye Qingyu's figure into pieces.

But at this time, what it crushed was once again mist.

In that instant, Ye Qingyu's figure once again turned incorporeal, transforming into silver mist.

That person's sword art was incomparably terrifying, but it landed on air. There was not the slightest of effect. What it crushed and slice apart was only air.

Ye Qingyu's figure once again inexplicably appeared behind the assassin, the ice yuan qi sword once again striking out.

The reaction of the asssassin could not be said to be slow, and his strength could not be known as not strong. His cultivation was even higher than Ye Qingyu. However, when his move failed, he was instantly put on the backfoot. He was completely suppressed by that mysterious and unfathomable battle technique Ye Qingyu had. He was at a complete disadvantage.

Ye Qingyu's figure was sometimes real and sometimes incorporeal, as if he was a ghost or spirit. That mist changed between his true body at will, from real to incorporeal, incorporeal to real. The profoundness of it's activation all depended on the heart. Furthermore, the ice sword mirage activated by the [Human King Sword Mantra] could also change form between real and incorporeal, Ye Qingyu was at a state where even deities and ghosts could not guess at.

That person had never seen such a mysterious and strange technique before. In such a situation, it was like he was the poor bastard that was being assassinated, and Ye Qingyu was like a cold bloody assassin that appeared and disappeared like a ghost.

By the side.

Aunt Heng had originally prepared herself to support Ye Qingyu, but seeing such a scene, there was a trace of shock that appeared in her beautiful and gentle eyes. She stood by the side, observing if there was any changes occurring silently.

The surprises that Ye Qingyu had given her was too many.

After the battle had gone on for less than fifteen minutes of time, the aura on Ye Qingyu's body gradually became more and more vigourous as the yuan qi constantly ascended. Double, three times... as if it would never end.

The assassin was placed on the backfoot.

"Damn you..." His hatred was aroused, a viciousness flashing through his eyes. Just what sort of person was he, to attack someone of the younger generation in an ambush was already a humiliation. But to think he was forced into a desperate situation. Under his humiliation and rage, he was about to use a killing technique that would also harm the user, when suddenly, his body froze without any prior signs.

Bang!

There was a vast energy exploding within his body.

Xiu!

A sword light passed by.

His head suddenly flew up.

The ice mirage sword in Ye Qingyu's hand shuddered, flicking slightly. The black cloth covering that person's face was sent flying out, exposing a handsome and mature face filled with disconcert and disbelief.

At that moment, Ye Qingyu suddenly felt that person was somewhat familiar.

But before he could think of who it was, there were tens of figures that surrounded him from all sides, pressuring him.

“You vicious and cruel junior. You forced Li Qiushiu to his death, but to think that today you would do such a poisonous thing. You've even killed Li Jinyang, Patriarch of the Crepe Myrtle Sect. You are really evil and fearful, us, the Three Schools and Three Sects will no longer let you commit your crime," a figure said righteously.

Ye Qingyu heard this, then suddenly understood.

No wonder the person's face that was just killed was so familiar. So it was because it looked extremely like Li Qiushui of that past, but just more matured and older compared to him, with a beard... so that person, was Li Qiushiu's father, the current Patriarch of the Crepe Myrtle Sect, Li Jinyang...

Ye Qingyu waved his hand.

Shreds of silver mist, like soaring dragons, began shooting out from the body of Li Jinyang and into Ye Qingyu's palm. It turned into a pale silver flame that began dancing between his palms and fingers.

In the midst of battle, Li Jinyang had already been cut by the ice mirage sword in Ye Qingyu's hand numerous times.

For such external wounds, it did not matter much for an expert at Li Jinyang's level. But he did not realize that apart from the injuries, the power of ice had already slowly entered into his body. This was especially so because the power of the [Supreme Ice Flame] was hidden within. After it had accumulated to a certain extent, as soon as it was activated by Ye Qingyu, it was enough to completely freeze his body.

This was the reason why Li Jinyang's body had stiffened in the moment of his death.

Adding to this, the last killing strike of the [Flowing Shadow Kill]...

Ye Qingyu looked at Li Jinyang's corpse, slightly shaking his head.

This person could be counted as a master of a generation, but he did not teach his son well. Li Qiushiu had fallen into the wrong path, and he himself, as a Patriarch, would have launched a sneak attack. For him to appear here today, it was evident that he had already aligned with the Right Minister, and abandoned his sect. He did not kill him in vain.

However, this person was still a master within the Human Race.

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh, his finger flicking out.

A shred of [Supreme Ice Flame] shot out, landing on the head of the corpse of Li Jinyang. It began burning, instantly incinerating the corpse. The corpse turned into a thin wisp of smoke that disappeared in the world.

It was only that the sword that was like autumn water, let out a faint silver radiance under the burning of the [Supreme Ice Flame]. It did not dissolve.

"Evildoer, you berserk madman. To think that you would not even let go of the corpse of Patriarch Li..." there was a cold light flashing by in the eyes of everyone. With a loud shout, a bolt of lightning charged at him, wanting to take back the longsword that was evidently not ordinary.

Ye Qingyu let out a cold sneer. His palm formed a claw, striking out in front of him, grabbing at the air.

the [Supreme Ice Flame] along with the autumn water long sword flew back, landing into Ye Qingyu's palm.

"You are looking to die." Seeing that he had missed, this person was enraged, and struck towards Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu, with the autumn water long sword in his hand, struck back.

Che!

A sword intent was activated. It sliced apart the air like a knife through butter, incomparably sharp.

The person charging was struck. With a low grunt, he was sent flying backwards.

Ye Qingyu did not pay attention. He lowered his gaze on the body of the autumn water long sword in his hand, and could not help but let out a sigh of appreciation.

This sword was approximately a palm's width thick, with the body of the blade somewhat simple. The tip of the sword was an oval, its arc graceful and elegant, like limpid autumn water running through a mountain stream, bright and beautiful without the slightest of imperfections. It was evidently made from high class materials, and was absolutely made from a formation smith at the grandmaster level. The handle of the sword was in the shape of a purple star, it's hilt the size of a little child’s arm. The lines were clearly defined, with a faint cold will spreading about, which could increase the resistance and made holding the sword even more stable.

On its flat and smooth blade, there was two characters etched onto it.

It was namely [Crepe Myrtle].

Seeing this, Ye Qingyu understood.

This sword was namely the treasured sword of the Crepe Myrtle Sect, the Crepe Myrtle sword.

But it was a pity for Li Jinyang. No matter whether it was his weapon or his cultivation, it was better compared to Ye Qingyu. Because of a moment of carelessness, he was killed by the [Flowing Shadow Kill] and the [Human King Sword Mantra], these two secret techniques. He really was completely misfortunate.

Just by faintly inserting his qi into the Crepe Myrtle sword, Ye Qingyu could feel the yuan qi running unrestrainedly, without any restrictions. The long sword faintly seemed to become part of his own body, and was able to be used as he pleased.

Ye Qingyu tutted in admiration.

The smoothness of the yuan qi flow through this sword was absolutely the number one out of all the weapons Ye Qingyu had seen to date. Compared to the [Little Shang] sword and the [Beheading Wind] sword, the yuan channels were much better. All his previous weapons had no way of withstanding Ye Qingyu's full power inserting into them. Once the yuan qi inserted into them was too vast, the body of the swords would instantly collapse.

This really was a divine sword.

This was at least a weapon of the Dao tool class.

This sword had originally belonged to Li Jinyang, but with his death, the restriction of his consciousness instantly weakened by more than half. When Ye Qingyu held it in his hands, the body of the sword shuddered, as if it was about to fly out from his palm.

After all, it was the treasured tool fo the Crepe Myrtle Sect. There were restrictions placed on it by numerous generations of Patriarchs of the Crepe Myrtle, so it was not so easily tamed.

"Ye Qingyu, you evil and crazy human scum. You killed someone for their treasure, without any sense of shame. Quickly return the Crepe Myrtle sword." The previous person that attempted to take the sword had a face of rage. Deep in his eyes, there was a light of humiliation flashing alone with greed as he shouted."

“That’s right, in the past, at Youyan Pass, I thought this person's killing heart was too heavy. He would fall into the path of the killing demon. Seeing the scene today, such a result has indeed happened." Another white-haired old man with a long beard said coldly, "I should have exterminated this little beast then. Today, his feathers are fully grown, so he is not as easy to handle."

"Hehe, today let's act together and kill this little demon king. Then it’s not too late." Another person sneered, activating his yuan power. In his eyes, there was a killing intent festering.

"That's right, against such mad evildoers, we do not have to care about martial etiquette or righteousness. Everyone, act together and crush him into powder," the person who had acted to grab the sword said with a sinister smile. "Kill him and take back the Crepe Myrtle sword. For such a treasured tool, how could it fall into the hands of this killing demon."



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 446:


Chapter 466, Chaos, enemy, like wildfire

The four people echoed one another, looking at Ye Qingyu with a gaze that seemed as though they were watching a lamb falling into a trap to be slaughtered. Their lips curved upwards in a sinister smile, surrounding him from all sides. A strong murderous intent filling the air.

Judging from their cultivation techniques and clothing, they were obviously experts of the Three Sects and Three Schools.

Besides these four men, the people of other sects also surrounded them.

Listening to their words, Ye Qingyu immediately could not help feeling disgusted. He looked up to the sky and smiled. “Pah, a group of people that only know little tricks are so shameless. Li Jinyang, the Patriarch of the sect, launched a sneak attack on me. He really has no sense of shame. So he is allowed to kill me, but I cannot kill him? I killed a man who was going to kill me and became a ruthless demon king? Do I have to stand still and let him kill me?”

The four sect experts, upon hearing Ye Qingyu’s sarcastic words, were simply smiling coldly. Their complexions remain unchanged.

“Killing a ruthless demon like you, do we need to care what method we use?”

“That’s right, killing you is destroying a public enemy, Master Li did not care about his reputation and attacked you, he is a true noble character.”

“Hey, if you really have a sense of shame, you should stand there and accept death. To dare to fight back, atrocious!”

The sect experts coldly smiled, approaching closer and closer, encircling Ye Qingyu.

“You... which sect are you from? Simply outrageous.” Aunt Heng could not stand watching any longer.

She who was rarely angry also showed hints of rage.

“Humph, who is that demon woman? You dare try to manage the business of the Three Sects and Three Schools?” Someone rebuked.

Another man laughed maniacally, “You need to ask? Anyone with this ruthless demon king Ye Qingyu must not be a good thing. A pair of dogs, let’s kill them together. Today in this city of Light, not even a blade of grass will grow. Do not even spare any dogs or fowl, don’t let any one of them go.”

“Kill!”

The figures were flickering, murderous intent erupted in a moment’s time.

The flashes and shadows of swords suddenly began to rise.

Ye Qingyu’s expression abruptly changed.

A bunch of things that want to die.

“Gao Han, take Yuanxing, mother Wu and the others into the [Light Palace]. Liu Jingyan, Dai Youmeng, block the platform steps.”

Ye Qingyu’s had a Martial Asura heart. His killing intent was completely triggered by this group of Sect experts. He let out a loud bellow, activating the [Supreme Ice Flame], which instantly came pouring into the Crape Myrtle Sword, forcibly suppressing the resistance of Crepe Myrtle Sword, and swung the sword out.

In the air, sword light filled the air.

Bang Bang Bang!

The first three Violet Seven Stars Sect elder-level experts were sent flying, violently coughing out blood.

“Bah, you’ve not even reached the Bitter Sea stage, yet you dare come to my Light City and behave atrociously.”

With his move succeeding smoothly, Ye Qingyu laughed coldly and disdainfully.

The Three Sects and Three Schools claimed to be the strongest sects in the empire, but in fact, there was only a few representatives at the surface. There were a limited numbers of real masters. Back then at Youyan Pass, the successors of the major sects were only around the beginner stage of the Bitter Sea stage, yet were known as the most outstanding younger generation of the sects. Thus the elders of the sects, besides several core elders, were only around the Bitter Sea cultivation base.

Including Li Jinyang who Ye Qingyu had killed, who was also just at the peak of the Bitter Sea stage.

“Arrogant...”

“Everybody together, kill him.”

Someone that was crouching behind the crowd screamed out, adding fuel to the fire.

The crowd surged again, charging over.

“Shamelessness!” Aunt Heng who could not stand watching at the side, made a move again.

Boom!

A palm print broke out.

Each time her hand descended, there was a palm print solidifying in the air, destroying all obstacles.

“Poof!”

“Ah...”

Someone screamed tragically, bones splashing in all directions, blood sprinkling across the void.

“The Right Minister’s order, whoever kills Ye Qingyu will be rewarded with a piece of Dao weapon, a thousand of kilograms of Origin crystal, and granted the title of nobility!” In the distance, someone was shouting and urging the crowd on.

At first the people that were circled around Ye Qingyu were all laughing evilly while retreating and did not charge over in the first moment.

In the distance, the figures, like a swarm, were constantly rushing out from the broken hole that the right minister had created.

Sect experts...

Military experts...

And the martial artists of various major factions of the Snow capital...

All sorts of scum started appearing one after another.

Upon seeing this, Ye Qingyu knew that the matters today would be difficult to resolve.

Having remained standing up to this point, the [Light Palace] was like an oil lamp almost about to go out. Its inside had been squeezed dry. Now it can be considered as really entering the state of fighting at close quarters. But fortunately the power of the Right Minister’s side seemed to have almost reached the lowest point and been completely expended. After all, even he himself had appeared.

“Kill!”

Ye Qingyu’s peerless four moves were the most suitable for group battles.

During the split second that he invaded the crowd, he also activated the domain of ice.

In the air, a blast of chilly air erupted.

On the ground, the traces of silver chilly air was like a python climbing rapidly. The lands within a radius of almost one kilometer had instantly reached freezing cold temperatures around him. The sect experts instantaneously felt their muscles stiffening, feet frozen, and both the speed of activation of their inner yuan qi and the reaction speed of their physical body declined drastically.

Swoosh!

The sword light gleamed.

During the flash of silver light, three or four terrified heads flew up.

Then the five or six figures that were charging forth were suddenly split at the waist, without even one realizing when they were chopped into two sections.

“[Storm of Swords]!”

Ye Qingyu bellowed, clasping the Crepe Myrtle Sword, activating the power of ice yuan qi to the peak.

The Crepe Myrtle Sword unleashed a brilliance as bright as the sun. The originally strands of hair thin formation light beams on the autumn water-like sword body were densely circulating. Every time the sword was swung out, there was an indestructible and impregnable sword qi bursting forth. Moreover, the Crepe Myrtle Sword blade was invincible, even if a spirit weapon was in front, it would also be destroyed like rotten mud. Besides a few Dao weapons in the hands of top experts, others simply cannot withstand the force of this Dao sword weapon.

Ye Qingyu was exactly like a tiger running into a flock of sheep.

The storm of swords broke out.

Beams of cold ice sword blade, bright and sparkling like crystal, were densely bursting out, engulfing the sky and ground, like reaping life source. As Ye Qingyu’s body spun around, the dozens of sect masters that reacted too late were chopped into minced meat.

Fresh blood, like the most delicate and beautiful flowers in the night, was mercilessly blooming.

Screaming, howling, roaring, yelling, shrieking, crying...

There were all kinds of tragic and grim voices heard at the last moments of life being released in this moment.

Ye Qingyu was not merciful, there was no way he could be merciful.

The enemy came charging over like a wildfire. If he had even a moment of hesitation, he would most likely had been knocked down immediately, and the people behind that he were protecting would become ghosts before the blades.

Gao Han was protecting Bai Yuanxing, Mother Wu and the others, as they fled toward the[Light Palace].

Fortunately, the crowd was very close to the [Light Palace], so very soon they were all on the suspending platform steps; however, Mother Wu and the few servants and cooks were trembling with fear that they could hardly stand, unable to fully climb the stone foundation of the [Light Palace].

“Kill these little minions first!”

A Crepe Myrtle Sect expert thundered, shooting out at lightning speed toward Mother Wu and the others.

Gao Han roared, the bitter bamboo fishing rod in his hand streaked across the void, directly blocking that person.

In Youyan Pass, Gao Han’s strength was far superior to that of Ye Qingyu. It was just because he had shown mercy and forbearance towards Ye Qingyu, so he was struck by Ye Qingyu’s little silver dragon, and was defeated. During this one year, following by Ye Qingyu’s side, he received a lot of cultivation resources and had painstakingly trained. His strength compared to back then had improved several times, and his cultivation had reached the Bitter Sea stage long ago.

Clasping the fishing rod in his hand, the cultivation skills and battle techniques that he comprehended himself seemed infinitely powerful.

Gao Han and his rod stood in the surroundings of the suspension steps, with a posture as though one man could hold the pass against ten thousand enemies.

But there were far too many opponents.

And this time the sect experts that appeared, even if there were no top Ascending Heaven experts, they were all elites of the major sects, and a number were Bitter Sea experts.

With the passage of time, Gao Han had continuously repulsed dozens of people, and finally was exhausted, injured repeatedly, blood flowing profusely from the wounds, and his body was on the verge of collapsing...

The other two Envoys of Light, Liu Jingyang and Dai Youmeng, had long been scared out of their wits. They resisted a few attacks, before retreating into the [Light Palace].

“Aunt Heng...” Ye Qingyu cried out loud.

Aunt Heng immediately understood Ye Qingyu’s meaning. Her figure darted back, thrusting out a palm, and a jade-coloured giant palm print blasted away the several people that encircled Gao Han, while shouting at the same time: “Little Yu, you be careful...”

The situation at this point was simply chaotic to the extreme.

Ye Qingyu slowly retreated, closing the distance between him and Aunt Heng, acting in coordination with each other. He administered several quick slashes with the Crepe Myrtle Sword and instantly there were several sect experts falling before his sword.

But from the gap of the [Silver Flowing Light Formation], there were far too many sect masters and experts of the Right Minister’s residence, almost an endless amount to kill. Gradually, Ye Qingyu also felt tired and sustained injuries. There were visible sword cuts on his left shoulder and lower abdomen, cutting into the muscles.

“Kill him, he’s almost dying.”

“Everybody quickly, kill him, the Right Minister will reward you.”

“He’s bleeding... he’s injured...”

The few people before that were adding fuel to the fire were constantly changing direction in secret, encouraging people to charge forth and throw away their own life, evil to the extreme.

Fortunately, Ye Qingyu’s control of his yuan qi had reached an incomparably exquisite stage. There was a faint layer of ice covering his wounds, coagulating the scars, and not letting blood flow out.

Moreover, Bitter Sea experts could regenerate flesh and blood, he only needed to withstand a little longer for his wounds to heal and disappear.

There were flashes and shadows of swords, blood and bones.

This was the most dangerous battle that Ye Qingyu had ever faced.

In that instant, it was as if Ye Qingyu could experience what the soldiers of Youyan faced in the battlefield. In such a chaotic battlefield, just how many geniuses had perished, just how many experts had died here unexpectedly.

Moreover, today in front of the [Light Palace], Ye Qingyu was almost fighting alone——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 447:


Chapter 467, The true colours of the soldier camp

The yuan qi within his body was frantically bubbling. The dantian river was surging, endless river water was soaring, turning into an unending flow of yuan qi strength, and finally penetrating into Ye Qingyu’s limbs and bones, providing a continuous stream of power for Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu entered the Bitter Sea stage at one hundred Spirit springs. Among his dantian desert, there was a total of one hundred Spirit springs that could continuously provide a stream of yuan qi, which was also the reason for his long endurance, and the reason he could miraculously withstand the attacks of hundreds of experts.

If it was another expert of the same realm, of the same cultivation base, they would have been depleted of their yuan qi long ago, and chopped into minced meat.

“Being so passive is not the solution...”

Beads of sweat were forming on Ye Qingyu’s forehead, feeling inwardly anxious.

His gaze flickered across the hideous and ferocious faces that were charging over, when he suddenly saw that in the crowd in the distance, the big fatty was lying on the ground pretending to be dead. His eyes suddenly lit up, kicked up, and a snapped blade on the ground was shot out like an arrow released from a bow string, exactly hitting the Fatty’s butt.

“Still pretending to be dead, get up to kill the enemy, your group of soldiers are almost all wiped out.”



Ye Qingyu yelled.

The fat man shrieked, jumping up and covering his butt with his hands.

All of a sudden, the other Jianghu sect experts immediately discovered the fatty, encircling him at once.

“Kill!”

“Within the city of Light, do not spare even a chicken or dog.”

“Kill, do not leave any alive.”

The situation was completely out of control.

The top experts that appeared today, included the Crepe Myrtle Sect, Violet Seven Stars Sect and the Sunset Great River Sect, it seemed that almost all sects have taken refuge in the Right Minister’s residence. It may be assumed that they must have reached some kind of agreement with the Right Minister. They had completely joined forces, from the supreme elders and masters, to sixty or seventy Spirit spring experts have all came...

In addition to these people, there were a number of other sects other than the Three Sects and the Three Schools, and many other large- and medium-sized sects that had taken refuge in the Right Minister’s residence earlier on that had also appeared, including the factions of the Snow Capital.

It was obvious that the Right Minister’s residence had done some sophisticated preparation. No one knew when he had quietly gathered these people into the capital, without the other parties knowing.

“Ah, ah don’t chase me, I’m dead... I am not with the [Light Palace], I am just passing by... it has nothing to do with me...”

The fat man screamed like a dying pig, his fat body tumbling around like a meatball on the ground. But his speed was incredibly fast, the more than 10 experts that he crashed into along the way were sent flying, unexpectedly creating an escape route for himself. The fat around his body can literally be said to be iron-skin impervious to swords and spears.

So the fat man rolled away in the direction of the Light soldier camp’s second district.

In the Light solider camp, a majority of the two hundred or three hundred men were pretending to be dead on the ground——a skill that must have been learned from the fatty, and they actually imitated him to perfection, that even the sect experts were tricked. The other group of soldiers were all gathered together, shivering and withstanding the attacks while screaming and wailing——

“Uncle, master, spare our lives. We have difficulty getting by, we are the lowest little soldiers.”

“Our lives are worthless.”

“That’s right, we were deployed here in the last two days”

“This brother, to be honest with you, I also work for the Right Minister. It was Right Minister that personally arranged for me to come here as a spy...”

“How could you say such shameless lies...” Another soldier lashed out at his companion, then turned around and smiled at a sect expert that was swinging his sword about. “He lied, I am the spy that Right Minister personally arranged into the Light soldier camp, I am with you guys!”

At the start, when there were a few soldiers claiming that they were spies, the sect experts also really believed them; after all, matters that involved the Right Minister were very serious, so they needed to be cautious and spared their lives. But later the experts came to realize that these so-called light soldiers were a group of scum and the words that come from their mouth could not be trusted at all.

“Kill, kill them all, don’t let one of them escape.”

A sect elder on the platform bellowed, “Right Minister said that we must flatten Light City today. Do not spare even dogs and fowls, who cares whether they are spies or not, whether they are our people or not, kill every single one of them.”

So the sect experts hesitated no longer.

“Ah? No... spare us, we’re going to betray them now. Can we not betray them now? We will join you and besiege the [Light Palace], we can launch a sneak attack....”

The soldiers shamelessly changed to another way of begging for mercy.

But the sect experts were not buying it.

There were light soldiers that were constantly getting hacked at and collapsing to the ground. Their blood gushed out, becoming ice-cold corpses.

“Damn, force or persuasion doesn’t work, brothers let’s fight with this group of grandchildren.” A soldier that sort of resembled that of a leader roared.

So this group of scum began to risk their lives.

The sect experts very soon discovered that, when this group of weak things that were like chickens had seriously began to fight, they unexpectedly became as fierce as lions, and finally there were several sect experts beheaded.

The situation suddenly turned extremely bloody.

“Fighting one is enough, killing two is more than enough.” One of the light soldiers bellowed with a bloodied-face, slashing across at a sect expert. While the sect expert that was hacked, in a drowsy and confused state, he still did not understand. It was evident that he could have dodged the Light soldier’s blade light, but in the end he was still killed.

“Kill!”

Several other powerful sect experts howled and came charging over, launching blasts of killing strikes.

As a result, blood gushed forth from the swords wounds on the light soldiers as they tumbled lifelessly to the ground.

The battle was chaotic and brutal.

Blood, like a fountain, was gushing everywhere.

The tragic screams before death were like the howling of a wild beast as it fled, sending shivers down one’s spine.

The outside and the inside of the Light soldier camp was already in complete disorder as the soldiers fled, but now it was like an Asura slaughterhouse, severed limbs, bones and blood spattered everywhere. It was a bloodbath.

But the battle was still ongoing.

Thesect experts were red-eyed, like crazy wild beasts, desperately killing every expert before them.

But one hour had past in the blink of an eye.

The battle continued.

The frantic, red-eyed sect experts were still unaware that the battle had lasted a little longer than they had expected. According to them, killing these weak soldiers should be as easy as mowing the grass, but the grass was a bit prickly.

Moreover, the sect experts had not realized that, from the beginning to now, the number of soldiers had not changed; there was still the same number of them.

At this time, the fatty rolled over like a meatball.

Behind his butt was a large group of sect experts chasing after him.

“Are you guys alright?” The fatty screamed sharply, like discovering his family members, and then cried tearfully, “I am being chased, hurry come rescue me...”

“Fatso go die,” a blood-covered soldier shouted. “You have brought so many fucking enemies here, why don’t you eat shit...”

“Yes, get lost, we can’t even take care of ourselves now,” another similarly blood-covered soldier roared.

“Do you not have a heart?” Fatty grumbled, rolling to the other side. “I am being chased now, we have more than 10 years of friendship in the army, has your conscience been eaten by the Lord of the Palace’s stupid dog?”

“Get lost!” a soldier yelled, unable to restrain his anger. “You fucking owe me 100 hundred gold and you want to talk to me about friendship.”

“We are also dying, our brothers are half gone, we can’t help you, fatty quickly bring the people that are chasing you away, die somewhere else,” the other soldiers said irritably.

“Bullshit, you’re all faking dead, quickly get up, the Palace Lord is in a bit of trouble over there, you guys should sacrifice your life for the Palace Lord,” the fatty meatball yelled, rumbling into the crowd.

“Damn it, the fatty leaked our tactics.” A man lying on the ground dead suddenly and mysteriously opened his eyes and grunted. “It seems that pretending to be dead is no use anymore.”

“You’ve been fucking pretending to be dead for half an hour. You should come back to life and let other brothers die for a while. It’s exhausting to live for so long,” another dead man lying stiffly on the ground suddenly shot open his eyes and scolded.

“Damn, because this fatty came we all can’t die. Fatty wants to take credit in front of the Palace Lord, we all have to get up and fight.” A third similarly stiff dead body also unbelievably came back to life, grabbed a long sword by his side, and burst into action, directly chopping the five sect experts nearby into seven or eight chunks.

This sudden attack was entirely different from the previous attacks, sword momentum resembling lightning ripping through the sky, the power erupted from the sword light was like the force of a raging river, that several spirit stage high level sect experts were not able to respond in time. They were frightened stiff and killed.

And at the same time, nearly hundreds of soldiers that should have been killed in the battle were, one after another, opening their eyes, standing up, casually grabbing the weapons around, and instantly administered an attack.

Scanning across, all the light soldiers were alive.

And the dead bodies on the ground that were really dead, unexpectedly were all sect martial artist experts.

“What’s going on?”

“These damn bastards... we’ve... been fooled!”

Seeing that the soldiers that were already killed were all of a sudden lively and vigorously climbing up, the sect experts that had entered into a berserk state of battle frenzy felt a feeling of collapse.

What... the hell is this situation?

The scene had changed in an instant——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 448:


Chapter 468, A group of scumbags

What made the sect masters feel even more like collapsing was that those soldiers who stood up had a sudden rise in strength, reaching a state that could almost instantly kill them. Before, five or six soldiers were needed to only desperately defeat a sect expert, but now one soldier could kill four or five experts of the high stages of Spirit spring in no time.

Upon closer observation, those soldiers who were ‘hacked to death’, after standing up, the injuries on the body had already vanished, leaving behind not the slightest sign of a scar——except for the holes in their clothes.

Restoration of flesh and blood?

This... could it be that this was a group of Bitter sea experts?

This discovery almost made some of the sect experts turn crazy.

“You, you’re also alive?”

“Haha, yes, yes. I haven’t fought for a long time, I need to stretch my muscles and bones!”

“Who was it that just said he is a spy...”

“Hey, that’s all to fool these idiots, even you believed it?”

“Now that you mention it, this group of sect idiots are also very cute. It’s unbelievable that they did not realize we were pretending to be dead, hahaha.”

“To attack the Palace of Light, if they are not stupid who are.”

“When I was pretending to be dead, I furtively knocked down a few and they didn't even notice, sigh. Are the current Jianghu this stupid?”

“You still have the nerve to say that, I found that your art of faking death has deteriorated. When you were lying on the ground I could feel your pulse beating. If you encountered an Heaven Ascension expert, you would instantly be found, then you really would be dead.”

It could be confirmed that the group of soldiers of the Light camp were all a bunch of scumbags.

After revealing their ferocious tusks, they were greeting each other with a laugh while battling, as if all this was a complete joke for them. It made the sect experts that were stunned with disbelief have a feeling that they were about to pass out.

Why did it become like this?

The people that still remained in the [Light Palace] now, were they all staunch and steel-like men?

Didn’t they say that this so-called soldier camp had rotten away completely long ago?

Intelligence clearly said that from top to bottom, this soldier camp was a group of idiot trash, gathering around and gambling all day long, and even their general was a famous trash among the Imperial capital.

But what was going on now?

A group of weak chicken trash had suddenly changed after a single shake, becoming a divine dragon tiger?

The abrupt reversal of the situation, made the sect experts suffer a disastrous loss. In almost less than the time to make a cup of tea, there were one hundred or two hundred sect experts killed. This group of laughing and joking scumbag soldiers, although they looked like they were ignoring their proper duties, but their attacks actually showed no mercy. The battle skills that they displayed was as though it had been refined and polished thousands of times over. Every move and every stroke was simple and practical, full of destructive power. The Jianghu sect masters’ momentum was drastically weakened, like a beaten army in total collapse.

Among the sect masters, after all, there were some real experts of the middle and high levels of the Bitter Sea stage.

Upon seeing this situation, these profound cultivation experts attempted to launch an attack, wanting to save the situation.

But reality was cruel like an iron wall.

Because these soldiers of the Light camp seemed to know a very bizarre joint formation attack. Every time there was a top expert attacking, four or five of them would very skilfully block the attack in coordination.

These flippant soldiers, who perhaps had been gambling for too long, were good at grasping the psychology and reaction of their comrades. They were well coordinated like they were the same person, mounting a joint attack formation, several people becoming one. It was simply impossible to find the slightest flaw in their formation.

If a Bitter Sea stage expert at the Ocean stage attacked and the joint attack formation could not cope, there would abruptly be a hidden arrow shooting out furtively, silently and motionlessly, without the slightest spark or qi. But the destructive power was terrifying to the extreme. It could even inflict serious damage to an expert half a step into the Heaven Ascension stage, and help the soldiers retrieve themselves from an inferior position.

In the blink of an eye, there were nearly hundreds of sect experts that were killed.

The soldier camp that had turned serious was showing a horrifying efficiency.

The meatball-like fatty was in the most central position, wielding a longbow and dozens of quivers hanging behind his back, all of them filled with black armour piercing arrows. At this moment, Fatty did not wear that strange look on his face, his expression had grown slightly solemn.

Those shameless arrows that came shooting out and caused a change of expression on the faces of the Jianghu sect experts were all launched by Fatty.

Fatty pretended to be a pig to prey on the tigers. He first shot [Violet Eagle], and then killed the Right Minister’s residenceseast courtyard’s jade-face scholar during a frontal confrontation. His strength was comparable to a beginner Heaven Ascension expert. He sat in the most central position, constantly lending a hand. The entire camp was running incomparably smoothly and unhindered, battle formations combining, and the hundreds of people were actually operating as though they were one person, like a machine.

Under the direction of Fatty, the entire soldier camp battle formation moved towards the [Light Palace].

Although there were countless Jianghu sect masters desperately attempting to block the attacks, but it had no effect.

Ye Qingyu finally noticed the scene.

He burst into loud laughter.

This fatty, as expected, he had always been pretending to be a pig in order to devour the tiger.

And what made the Lord of the Palace most surprised was not only Fatty, but the whole soldier camp had been pretending to be pigs to devour the tiger.

The efficiency and fighting force that the soldier camp displayed was simply more impressive than those of the elites of the Youyan Pass military——no, not only Youyan Pass, but also in the Imperial capital. At this moment, Ye Qingyu was almost certain that, in the entire Snow Empire and even Heaven Wasteland Domain, he would not find such a formidable battle division.

Almost every one of the soldiers of the Light soldier camp possessed the battle strength of a Bitter Sea stage expert at the early stages.

This was absolutely an unbelievable discovery.

And even more unbelievable was that the combination battle technique that they had mastered. Whether it was a two-person partnership, or three, four, five or even dozens and hundreds, it was perfectly activated every time. There was no restrictions on the number of people, the more people there was the more powerful they were——furthermore, even if there was only two people working together, they could still firmly withstand the high level Bitter Sea experts.

The more Ye Qingyu watched, the more astonished he was.

“This is definitely a terrifying battle division, a division of thoroughly refined and cultured elites, it could even be said to be a division that should not belong to the battle division of Heaven Wasteland Domain...”

But such a battle division had unexpectedly appeared in the Light City.

He himself, the so-called Lord of the Light Palace, did not know the slightest about this battle division.

And combining all the previous signs, it seemed that he was not the only one that did not know. Most likely, the Right Minister, Imperial family of the empire, and the military, also did not know?

Maybe Aunt Heng knew?

Ye Qingyu remembered that after healing in the [Light Palace], he saw Aunt Heng appeared in the main hall, while in the sky was Fatty fighting against the jade-faced scholar with an upset expression on his face. That upset expression was obviously an expression that he was forced to fight, so what kind of people could force this cunning fatty to fight?

Among all the people present, besides Aunt Heng, Ye Qingyu could not imagine who else had such an ability.

These thoughts were only flashing through Ye Qingyu’s mind during the bloody battle.

Facing the waves upon waves of violent attacks from the countless sect experts, Ye Qingyu was nearly unable to withstand it any longer.

Fortunately, at this time, the soldier camp, under the command of fatty, separated the crowd, rushing over and uniting with Ye Qingyu.

“Lord of the Palace, commander of soldier camp Wang Lijin led the army to come to rescue. Lord, please give me instructions!”

The fatty smiled with a proud look on his face.

Ye Qingyu did not know what to say.

This fatty was obviously a rare expert, but why did he entirely lacked the demeanour of a master. Instead, he had the appearance of a scumbag that made one want to kick him.

With the Light soldier camp and fatty sharing the pressure, Ye Qingyu felt a lot more relaxed.

Although Spirit Monkey Battle Companion had gone somewhere, but that gentle protective power outside the [Light Palace] was still present. There was only one entrance into the [Light Palace], an invisible door behind the suspending stone steps. It was impossible for ordinary experts to pass through this little door, and probably only experts of the peak Bitter Sea stage could enter.

The soldier camp’s soldier battle formation was arranged on the suspending stone steps, like an impenetrable iron fortress.

Ye Qingyu was standing before the formation, like an iron lock. He instead became the most sharp point of the whole formation. If those top sect military experts wanted to break the formation, then they would first have to pass through the Lord of the Palace.

While the fatty, with his bow fully drawn back, was as before, standing at the center part of the formation.

With the protection of two sides, Ye Qingyu and the soldier camp’s formations, fatty vividly and thoroughly displayed his cunning and shameless archer style. He shot out hidden, sneaky arrows at those Bitter Sea sect experts that were charging over to the [Light Palace].

At this moment, the originally crumbling [Light Palace], had become a solid rock again.

There was a heroicness in Ye Qingyu’s heart, as he could not help but let out a long roar.

He roared like a dragon, causing the sky and the ground to vibrate.

Although it was only his first time cooperating with these men, but the well-coordinated teamwork among them was as if they had known each other before, and was already a part of this camp a long time ago. This was a miraculous feeling.

And to the soldiers, the fact that Ye Qingyu chose to stand in front of the team, be the first to accept the powerful frenzy of attacks of the sect experts, apparently had won their good opinion. The young Lord of the Light Palace did not avoid risk because of his status and identity. He instead took the lead, like a tower of strength, thoroughly crushing the enemies that were charging over. The first force of the impact of destructive attacks was endured by the young Palace Lord.

It was not a feeling of being emotionally touched or of admiration. But there was no doubt that Ye Qingyu’s actions had won the approval of the Snow Empire’s most mysterious and powerful soldier camp.

In the blink of an eye more than half an hour had past.

On the ground, the [Light Palace] was as steady as Mt Tai.

But in the sky, the battle among the Right Minister, Left Minister and the old Commander had changed————

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

