Chapter 725:


Chapter 743, Celestial Phoenix Maiden



This was Ye Qingyu's first time seeing Taowu Mountain Range.

From afar, the Taowu Mountain Range, shrouded in Black Demon qi, looked like a tremendous monster hiding in the dark, terrifying and majestic. The black mountain peaks were rolling up and down reaching tens of thousands of meters high, each of varying height. Although the terrain seemed to be relatively gentle and relaxed, there was no lone peak or sword ridge, and the peaks were not considered steep, but that unparalleled heavy feeling that pervaded the place gave an indescribable sense of oppression.

At first glance, the mountain range really looked like a fierce Taowu beast, creeping in the wilderness, especially since it was shrouded in the omnipresent Black Demon qi, and there seemed to be the raging roars of one of the four fiercest beasts, the Taowu beast.

A terrifying demonic aura was spreading from the Taowu Mountain Range in the distance.

From the previous news and information he gathered, the Door of Darkness of the demon tide should be in the Taowu Mountain Ridge, and the experts, major forces, countless geniuses, and authorities from all sides were also gathered in the mountain ridge, frantically vying for the endless treasures gushing out from the Door of Darkness.

Ye Qingyu’s location was about several hundred kilometres from the Taowu Mountain Range.

The door area was just at the periphery of the demon tide.

Here it was already a blood bath. Corpses were piling up like mountains, but the extent of tragedy was most likely not even one tenth of the core area of the Taowu Mountain Range.

Ye Qingyu had long understood this and was also unconcerned.

He activated the power of Chaotic Thunder Liquid to grow a pair of twenty- or thirty-meter-long purple wings, which contained the terrifying lightning and thunder force. Like a Fiendgod, he directly soared into the sky, turning into a stream of light, as he sped toward the Taowu Mountain Range.

His figure was like lightning, piercing through the Void, and where he passed, the huge purple thunder and lightning wings, like a pair of magic scissors, directing cutting apart the Black Demon qi that filled the sky, leaving a long scar-like trail behind him.

The pressure of the lightning and thunder power, like the wrath of the sky, spread all around.

This scene made many experts who were in hiding and trying to launch a sneak attack on Ye Qingyu have a sudden change of expression, trembling in fear at the sight.

“Who is that person?”

“So strong!”

“Another descendant of some great force has arrived?”

“I have never heard of someone who can control the power of thunder and lightning. The Taowu Mountain Range is becoming more and more lively.”

“Luckily I didn't attack just now, otherwise I would have become a dead body.”

After a moment.

Ye Qingyu had already arrived close to the Taowu Mountain Range.

His figure was seen landing on a mountain peak on the outskirts of Taowu Mountain Range. Ye Qingyu released his consciousness power, surveying the situation.

The reason why he displayed his power of thunder and lightning and streaked across the Void was in fact to deliberately demonstrate his power in a high profile manner to deter the ill-intentioned attackers and to threaten them to retreat. Otherwise, across the more than one hundred kilometer distance, he would suffer a lot of attacks along the way and it would most likely take him another few hours to reach his destination.

But when he finally reached the Taowu Mountain Range, he had to be more careful.

There were just too many experts here.

Following a brief survey around, Ye Qingyu's expression grew serious.

The mountain range had far too many strong experts, which greatly exceeded his initial estimate. As he was examining his surroundings, an extremely tyrannical aura, like a Fiendgod was lying in wait, was coming from all around the mountains. Each aura represented a terrifying existence that must not be provoked.

All of a sudden------

“Hey? This is...”

Ye Qingyu was stumped for words.

Because he suddenly sensed that in the south-western direction of the Taowu Mountain Range, mixed with the Black Demon qi, there was a familiar yuan qi of Lu Li and Yang Wanqu.

And there was not just these two auras.

In addition to the auras of these two people, there was an unfamiliar aura, a more powerful fluctuation of power, treacherous and strange, and several times stronger than that of Lu Li and Yang Wanqu. Mixed in with the aura was not only a remarkable power and strange yuan energy, but also contained the essence of the laws of the heavens, that with one glance one could not help but shudder.

Ye Qingyu could distinguish that Lu Li and Yang Wangqu had fought with the owner of the powerful aura.

It seemed that the arrogant and headstrong descendants of the major sects had met a very fierce character.

“Interesting.”

Ye Qingyu did not disguise his gloating at their misfortune.

After a thought, he decided to kept a low profile. He concealed his thunder and lightning wings and relied on physical force alone to move towards the core area of the Taowu Mountain Range.

A moment later.

In a deep pit of the low-lying mountains.

The giant rocky trees that surrounded the mountain range as well as the black vegetation had turned into ash. It left only bare black rocks and the large pit, which was like a crater formed by a meteor impact.

The several experts enveloped in pale blue mist exuded auras that were enough to make one shudder in fear. They were evidently from the same race, and were dividing the treasures that had been pillaged.

At the same time, they were discussing something.

Ye Qingyu quietly hid himself and moved closer.

“Haha, Lu Li and Yang Wanqu, those two juniors are so reckless and arrogant because of the strength of their secta. I cannot bear to look at them. If it were not for the forces behind them, I would have long slapped them to death.”

“Yes, the disciples of these levels of sects are good for nothing. They don’t have much ability, but are so arrogant and overbearing, and cause trouble everywhere. Haha, sooner or later they will be chopped to pieces by some cruel people.”

“Keke, two juniors who do not know the immensity of Heaven. Don't care too much about them. Speaking of them, if those two fools had not provoked that woman and fled like dogs, we would not have a chance to pick up the good treasures here!”

“Haha, that’s right. Do you know who the woman is that they provoked?”

“Who cares who she is! If it were not for her, how could we get the treasures in the arms of the two boys? We should thank her well. She really is as beautiful as a fairy!”

“Fairy? She couldn’t be the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, right!?”

“What!? Celestial Phoenix Maiden!”

“Is it the mysterious celestial girl who rose to fame two years ago, and who has mastered the power of the Phoenix?!”

“That's her! That woman is very terrifying. She emerged from out of nowhere all of a sudden and has never suffered defeat. I do not know how many geniuses and older generation experts she has already killed. No one knows about her origin and who her master is, but to be able to master the power of the Phoenix, she is certainly one of the fiercest people that has appeared in recent years. We must not anger her!”

“I didn't think she'd even come to the Black Demon Abyss.”

“Lu Li and Yang Wanqu are blind to anger her.”

“Those two fools break the law and commit crimes as they wish. They must have lusted after the Celestial Phoenix Maiden. Hahahaha, they really deserve it!”

In the distance.

Ye Qingyu turned away after listening to the conversation.

Celestial Phoenix Maiden?

The name was very unfamiliar to Ye Qingyu. The two envoy elders and the Administrative Hall had not mentioned anything about the woman, but from the dialogue between the several experts, she must not be a simple person.

Lu Li and Yang Wanqu were always insufferably arrogant, therefore it was not surprising for them to provoke her. As for them being chased down by a girl, it really was retribution.

Leaving the black rocky forest, Ye Qingyu continued to go deeper.

After one hour of time.

He came to a rocky and desolate path that led to a valley.

After passing through an area of eerie evil currents and a more intense Black Demon qi, Ye Qingyu again felt an incomparably fierce killing intent.

There was another stealthily hidden attacker watching Ye Qingyu.

This time he similarly thrust out his palm, pale blue storm force transformed into a vortex of strong wind, directly sending the opponent flying.

In the distant Void.

After a short muffled hum, two mass of dense grey mist directly fled in panic.

Ye Qingyu did not stop his footsteps.

After passing over a towering and steep mountain ridge, he was suddenly startled, eyes fixed on the waves of Black Demon qi surging incessantly hundreds of meters away.

In the midst of the of the black waves, there were two terrifying residual forces that were in conflict with each other, stirring the laws of the Void, and did not disperse for a long time.

“Such power will only be left behind in the Void during a battle among top experts.”

Curious, his figure flashed. Heinstantly crossed the surging Black Demon qi and came to a flat part of the mountain.

Before him was a devastating scene.

The mountain ridge, made up of black rocks, was severed directly by the bizarre forces, turning into a flat surface of thousands of meters. The rock formations were strewn with the remains of experts, spiritual qi and fractured weapons.

Ye Qingyu just swept a glanced over it and could tell that the remains were basically from the same force. There was a similar aura that remained and the uniforms on the bodies were almost the same, and without exception they were all searched thoroughly.

And among the corpses across the ground, there were some figures, like they were searching for prey, shuttling back and forth between the bloodlake and remains.

They were experts after the wealth of the dead.

They did not attack each other, and evidently had reached a brief alliance. Even as they were speaking, the atmosphere was strangely harmonious.

The appearance of Ye Qingyu caught their attention.

But when they saw Ye Qingyu, noticed that he was dressed in rags, looked like he had nothing valuable, and did not exude the slightest fluctuation of power, they immediately ignored him. In their eyes, such trash was a real fugitive, and had nothing but a lowly life. He came here to try his luck, but would probably die instead. He was no threat to them at all.

The people glanced away and continued their search, and after a moment they walked towards the bottom of the mountain in groups.

Obviously, the purpose of these people was simply to sit and benefit from others, snatch the treasures of the dead experts, and had no intention to fight.

As they gradually went away, Ye Qingyu heard some information from their conversation.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 726:


Chapter 744, Sinful pit

“Haha, I have to admit that the battle between the Saintess of Jade Pearl and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Raceace an hour ago was really earth-shaking. Even the weather of the Black Demon Abyss was affected.”

“Right, if we hadn't hid far enough, we would have died under the impact of their power, just like these fools.”

“I didn't expect the young Little Princess of the Black Demon Race to be so strong.”

“Of course, she is the princess of the Black Demon Race, this is her territory. But the Saintess of Jade Pearl is really brave to challenge the Little Princess on the territory of the Black Demon Race, she really is impressive.”

“That Saintess of Jade Pearl is very fierce, do not anger her. She was able to take on so many moves of the Little Princess, they are equally excellent.”

“Do you want to guess who’s going to win in the end?”

“It’s difficult to say. When the two broke through the Void and left together, they did not look injured. It seems like they can fight for another eight or ten days.”

The group of people gossiped among  each other as they left.

Hearing the conversation, Ye Qingyu was a little surprised.

It seemed that the two strong and terrifying auras he had sensed before were from the Saintess of Jade Pearl and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race.

A fight had actually broken out between the two women.

Was it also because of the treasures that spurted out from the demon tide?

Although Ye Qingyu did not know the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race, but from the rumours he heard along the way, she appeared to be a young, successful, and very strong woman.

As for the Saintess of Jade Pearl, although Ye Qingyu had not seen her before, he had already heard about her deeds in the Poisonous Flower Cave in the 15
th
district.

It seemed that a number of unexpected variables had been born in the 17th district.

An hour later.

Ye Qingyu had travelled more than two thousand meters in the direction of the depths of Taowu Mountain Range.

After crossing a mass of dense wave-like Black Demon qi, three huge mountains suddenly appeared in front of him. These three mountains looked very similar to each other, entirely black, and the surface was flickering with a strange brilliance. They were blocking a fork in the road formed from the underground river.

Ye Qingyu came to a halt.

“This... No, it's not mountains, it's... three corpses!”

Ye Qingyu suddenly reacted.

There was a powerful demonic force surging in the Void. The residual demonic forces on the three mountains were incessantly being dissipated, converging into a cluster of bizarre power, that even the ubiquitous Black Demon qi in this space was isolated and dispersing away.

In the eyes of Ye Qingyu, there was a faint flow of purple thunder and lightning.

He saw everything much clearer.

It was the body of three giant experts of the Sand Scorpion clan, thousands of meters high, piled together and emitting a visible brown demon qi and nauseating strange smell.

The strands of fur that covered their bodies were defined, biting cold, and like poisonous needles that had lost their demonic attributes. The tail of each corpse was pointing upwards, entangled with each other, and stacked into a winding mountain.

Around the body, the venom had gathered into a brown lake several meters deep. From a distance, it was as though the three connected mountains were located on a blood lake.

“A scorpion of this size must be an expert of at least the Third Step of the Immortal Step boundary, but they died here... and it looks like the three people were killed by one blow at the same time... what kind of person is able to kill all three of them?”

The more Ye Qingyu looked, the more shocked he was.

Even a demon expert of such a level was slaughtered like a pig here, and its body was not preserved even after death. The extent and tragedy of the battle and competition here was evident.

Ye Qinyu stopped for a moment before he continued ahead.

He had no time to pay attention to these things.

But at that time——

“Want to go over there to dig treasure? Little fellow, do you not know the rules!?” a voiced suddenly echoed from the three huge scorpion corpses.

It was only then that Ye Qingyu noticed that among the three enormous scorpions, there actually were the presences of other experts. They were like rats, breaking open the shell of a huge scorpion, digging into the inside of the body little by little, digging for flesh and blood.

And, there was more than one.

Continuously there were voices coming from the corpses.

“Kekeke, these three corpses already belong to our Mountain Penetrating Sect, no one can come near!”

“Come on, get out of here or you'll die.”

The ‘rats’ that call themselves the Mountain Penetrating Sect appeared to be very arrogant, and were exuding a powerful killing intent, like a tiger watching its prey.

Ye Qingyu did not want to interfere in their business, and left right away.

He could hear the sound of sniggering and taunts coming from behind.

“I don’t know where that worm comes from. To think he wants to snatch from us, he really overestimates himself.”

“Don't talk nonsense, hurry up and work, the Sand Scorpion of the Quicksand Valley are full of treasure, poisonous needles, venom, organs, and inner yuan... which are all top materials for refining pills and medicine.”

“Yes, get to work, quickly hollow out the three bodies before the Berserk elder of the Quicksand Valley arrives, or we'll all be dead.

“That’s right, speaking of it, fortunately the Third Prince of the Kaiyang clan needs to go after that woman. He just killed the three sand scorpions, took the treasures on them and left, otherwise we would not have such a good opportunity!”

“I did not expect the Third prince of the unknown Kaiyang clan to be so strong. He was able to kill three law enforcement elders of the Sand scorpion clan in one move....”

These words was transmitted into Ye Qingyu's ears.

It seemed that the attack was performed by the Third Prince of the Kaiyang clan.

Ye Qingyu had a little impression on the name. Back when the Saintess of Jade Pearl massacred the Poison Flower Cave, he had heard people mention that the Third Prince seemed to pursuing the Saintess of Jade Pearl.

At that time, Ye Qingyu did not think too much about it. He thought that he was like Lu Li, whose strength did not match up to his fame. But now it seemed that his strength was too terrifying and far exceeded that of Lu Li and Yang Wanqu given that he was able to kill three of the Law Enforcement Elders of the Sand Scorpion clan.

Ye Qingyu dared not to underestimate him.

For the next hour, he quickened his pace and continued towards the position of the demon tide explosion.

Along the way, he witnessed an unending stream of slaughter.

On several occasions Ye Qingyu had to stop to fight back. He wasted some time to settle several opponents, but this also increased the number of wounds on his body.

Suddenly, in the Void above the Black Demon qi in the distance, an extremely strong and sinister qi like a cloud of fire in the sky was directly suppressing the Black Demon qi.

The Void was suddenly filled with an extremely evil aura.

Even with Ye Qingyu’s eyesight, he had long been unable to see through the Black Demon qi. But he could sense that the clouds of fire contained a terrifying power of laws.

There was going to be another attack from a top expert no less weaker than the Third Prince of the Kaiyang clan.

“Who's it going to be?”

Ye Qingyu trotted toward the canyon shrouded in fire clouds.

Soon, there were tragic battle cries, miserable shrieks of death, and roars of anger falling incessantly on his ears. It was evident that an incredibly bitter fight was taking place.

Ye Qingyu rushed over.

In the desolate and gloomy canyon, a group of figures enveloped in sinister aura was frantically encircling and killing several Human Race experts in dark long robes.

The majority of the Human Race experts were around the First Step of the Immortal Step boundary, but there were a few lower than the Immortal Step Realm. It was unclear how they were able to survive to here. Standing back to back, shoulder to shoulder, they were putting up a last desperate struggle.

Ye Qingyu hesitated for a moment and finally chose to act.

He made a backhand grab in the Void, summoning [Blood Drinker Sword] to his hands. Waving the huge broadsword about, Ye Qingyu turned into a stream of light, charging into the group.

Pff!

Jets of blood spurted out.

A foreign race expert was severed at the waist.

The power of the [Blood Drinker Sword] erupted out, instantly drawing and purifying all the blood and essence of the body. The body landed on the ground, and upon a gentle touch, was reduced to a pool of powder.

Although Ye Qingyu had rarely used sword skills during this period of time, he had already fully mastered the three major sword techniques, the Human King Sword Mantra], [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra], and the [Life Sword Mantra]. A gush of sword intent burst forth and, like a tiger treading into a flock of sheep, a dozen foreign race experts were turned to ashes...

“Who are you? How dare you meddle in the affairs of Sinful Pit?”

“You want to die?”

“You're dead!”

The foreign race experts were both frightened and enraged, roaring aloud in fury.

Ye Qingyu also did not say a word, his figure flashed as he brought his sword down in a downward slash. Invisible sword intent streaked through the sky, directly severing the leader of the foreign race expert into two halves.

The rest of the foreign race experts, scared out of their wits upon seeing that, turned away and fled.

Ye Qingyu put his sword away and did not give chase.

“Thank you for your rescue.”

“My Scenery Sect will never forget your great kindness.”

The saved Human Race experts promptly expressed their gratitude to Ye Qingyu with a somewhat guarded expression. Each and every one were still in a panicked state.

“Guys... sigh, don't be too greedy, quickly go, this is not where you should be.” Ye Qingyu glanced at the people and shook his head.

“Thank you senior, we also know that, it's just... sigh, we came with the elders of the sect, who knew that...” One of the older experts closely studied Ye Qingyu for a moment, then responded in a hoarse voice, “Who knew that our luck is too bad. We unexpectedly ran into the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit, who swallowed three Immortal Step realm experts from our Scenery Sect... that's why we ended up in this situation.”

“Sinful Pit?” Ye Qingyu was puzzled.

He had heard about the Sinful Pit two times already today.

The terrifyingly sinister aura that he sensed before should be that of the Young Lord of Sinful Pit when he swallowed the three Immortal Step realm experts of the Human Race Scenery Sect.

The Scenery Sect really was unlucky.

If he had not helped out, they most likely would have been completely destroyed.

“Yes, those evil foreign race experts are the people of the Sinful Pit. Senior has angered them by helping out, you must be careful. Those people are vengeful and ruthless. Like maggots, once infected, it is difficult to get rid of them,” one of the experts kindly reminded.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

“What kind of place is the Sinful Pit?” Knowing that he had brought trouble onto himself, Ye Qingyu could not help asking further.

When the Human Race expert heard Ye Qingyu’s question, he hurriedly told him everything that he knew.

It turned out that the Sinful Pit was a place that accommodated experts of great sin and evil. Like the Black Demon Abyss, this place was not ruled by law. The only difference was that the Sinful Pit was a strange place where crime is glorified and the higher the evil committed, the higher the position of power is acquired.

Ye Qingyu nodded in response, “Everyone, I am here to find the Black Demon Herb. Would any of you happen to have any information on the Black Demon Herb?”

The several Human Race experts glanced at each other.

They were extremely grateful to Ye Qingyu, therefore they did not hide anything that they knew. “We have not seen the Black Demon Herb, but I have heard that there were Black Herbs spurting out the Door of Darkness after the eruption of the demon tide, but they were acquired by the major forces. Black Demon Herb is rare and precious, and will not fall into the hands of ordinary people.”

Ye Qingyu nodded thoughtfully.

It seemed that the news of the demon tide spurting out Black Demon Herb was not fake.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 727:


Chapter 745, Quasi-emperor Xiaofei

After a briefconversation, Ye Qingyu said farewell to the Human Race experts and continued on.

The Human Race experts of Scenery Sect, looking at the back of Ye Qingyu, revealed a look of gratitude.

“Damn, I forgot to ask for that senior's name. How do we repay him in the future?”

“Yes, too careless... Luckily we met senior, or we would be screwed.”

“Let’s get out of here, or we'll all be dead.”

“I remember senior's moves and aura, if I see him in the future, I definitely can recognize him right away. No matter what, today's kindness, even if my bones are broken, I certainly will repay him.”

“En, me too.”

The group of experts, supporting each other, headed down towards the bottom of the Taowu Mountain Range.

They left with a heavy and bitter feeling in their hearts. The loss this time was too great, but they firmly remembered the figure of Ye Qingyu, his moves and his kindness, and vowed to repay him in the future.

……

“The Door of Darkness, the Door of Darkness... ah, I remember,” Ye Qingyu mumbled to himself.

Because he had again and again heard the words Door of Darkness, he suddenly remembered some information about the Door of Darkness that he had been seen in the Administrative Hall of the Black Demon Race.

The so-called Door of Darkness was, in fact, a huge vortex.

In the depths of the 17th district of the Black Demon Abyss, above the Taowu Mountain Range, there was a place where the Black Demon qi was the most turbulent. The abnormality in the Void had led to the formation of a huge vortex, like the eye of the sea, the black hole of the universe, the majority of the time, it was releasing a terrifying suction force, swallowing up all things.

On normal days, there were no creatures that dared to get too close to the Door of Darkness.

Rumour had it that the demonic qi vortex lead to the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, the deepest place of the entire Black Demon Abyss.

The 18th district was the most mysterious place of the Black Demon Abyss, which foreign races had never been in. It was impossible for even the people of the Black Demon Race, except for the current Black Demon Emperor, to enter——Even the current Black Demon Emperor also only had one chance to enter, and after coming out, he absolutely must not disclose the slightest information.

So nobody knew what was exactly in the 18th district.

There were all sorts of rumours. Some said that the 18th district was the resting place of the former Black Demon Emperor, and that the coffin of the Black Demon Emperor was stored there. Others said that it was the cemetery of the sages of the Black Demon Race, and some said that it was a treasury of the Black Demon Race for thousands of years. But there were more people that believed that it was where the secrets of Fiendgods was buried when the Black DemonEmperor killed the ancient God and Demon Race...

Nobody knew what the truth was.

There were also arrogant people who had tried to enter there.

Among them, there were some outstandingly powerful evildoers who were full of themselves and thought that they had the favour of Heaven. Driven by various reasons, they tried to find out about the mystery, and in spite of the obstruction of the Black Demon Race, forced their way through the Door of Darkness in order to explore the 18th district, but were unfortunately never seen again ever since.

No matter how powerful they were, every one of them vanished without a trace, and not one person had ever come out before.

And the most staggering knock on the Door of Darkness happened around four thousand years ago.

The person involved in that incident was a Human Race Quasi-emperor called Li Xiaofei, who was unmatched in his generation, and was known as the God of the Human Race. He was greatly talented, possessed powerful strength, and was ranked in the top ten of the great wide world.

In the life of the peerless genius, he had defeated countless powerful enemies, and had not lost once. He was illustrious and his power made the Domain Alliance tremble, and was given the title [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. He was considered by the whole wide world as the most exceptional genius for nearly one hundred thousand years in the post-martial arts Emperor era and the one most likely to stabilize the position of Martial Arts Emperor.

It was said that when [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] Li Xiaofei wanted to enter the Door of Darkness, the Black Demon Race dared not to stop him.

It was said that the former Black Demon Emperor once met Li Xiaofei to try to persuade him to change his mind, but failed. Later the Black Demon Race was not resentful, and even specifically sent experts of the race to guide the [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] to the Door of Darkness.

According to some rumours at that time, the reason why [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] must enter the Door of Darkness was because he was certain that in the 18th districtof the Black Demon Abyss there were traces of the ancient Human Race’s supreme Three Sovereigns and FiveEemperors. He wanted to find information on the supreme Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors of the Human Race.

This matter once caused a sensational in the Domain Alliance.

That very day, countless experts of various major clans all came to watch the ceremony.

Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was indeed a peerless talent of his generation. He chose the most dangerous Door of Darkness to break into. At that time, space-time split open, Black Demon qi faded, the Quasi-emperor’s aura diffused, and all the things living beings were scared into submission. Illuminated in divine light and clad in black robes, Li Xiaofei soared skywards, stepping into the Door of Darkness.

His flowy black clothes, fluttering silver hair, and his rear figure had once shocked countless people.

And when he finally entered and disappeared in the Door of Darkness, he turned his head around and left a strange smile, seemingly to remind them of something, but also to let the future generations decipher the meaning!

But unfortunately, although Li Xiaofei eventually succeeded in entering the Door of Darkness, the end result was the same as always. He was gone forever.

Many people had great hopes that the Quasi-emperor would be the first person to enter the 18th districtof the Black Demon Abyss and return, but things turned out contrary to what they wished.

The descendants of the Quasi-emperor had been waiting for hundreds of years at the Door of Darkness, but did not see the figure of their ancestor. In the end, they did not hesitate to initiate the blood sacrifice summon, using the blood of three Saints in the clan to try to contact their ancestor. Unfortunately, they could only summon a mysterious broken hay gourd, which contained a drop of the Quasi-emperor’s blood...

No one knew what [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had encountered, but it was clear that it was not a good sign.

The broken hay gourd was also the first treasure ever to erupt from the demon tide.

Most importantly, it looked old and worn out, but it could hold the blood of the Quasi-emperor, causing speculation and coveting from all sides.

The descendant of the [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] guarded the hay gourd for thousands of years, but in the end their power declined and were unable to protect the relic of their ancestor. They lost the treasure, and together with it lost that drop of blood from [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

After thousands of years, the rumours about the Door of Darkness had never stopped.

This was the information that Ye Qingyu gathered from that Administrative Hall of the Black Demon Race.

When Ye Qingyu first saw the story and legend of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], he also felt great regret. The emergence of a Quasi-emperor amongst  the Human Race was incredibly rare. It was a huge pity that such a character was buried in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss.

At the same time, Ye Qingyu also could not help but think that in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss there really were traces of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors. [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] must have known about some kind of secret or clue for him to take the risk.

Originally, Ye Qingyu thought that he would not need to go to the 17th district of the Black Demon Abyss or see the Door of Darkness for the assessment, but he was wrong, he was still going to that place after all.

Ye Qingyu walked deeper into the Taowu Mountain Range.

A lonely shadow.

Stepping on blood in his path.

At this time, the whole Black Demon Abyss Taowu Mountain Range had been turned into an Asura blood prison.

Countless creatures and experts were fighting here.

Ye Qingyu already saw that along a way, the treasures that erupted from the demon tide was just a trigger. Like a spark, it had ignited the desire of the experts that had come here. They had begun to kill and plunder that now, even if there was treasure erupting out the demon tide, the killing here would not cease.

It was a bloodbath.

Blood-coloured mist pervaded the air.

There were howls and killings everywhere.

The experts who got the treasures of the demon tide were killed and the treasures taken away.

The experts who did not get the treasure were also killed and everything on their body was divided.

Demon experts were killed, demon bones and even the demon skin were taken away, and even the flesh and blood were cooked and divided among the survivors.

Human Race experts were killed, skinned and their tendons pulled out to be used as materials for refining pills...

The feeling was almost identical to what he felt during the frantic massacre at the Storm Sword Duel gathering of Greater One Sector in Clear River Domain, and perhaps even more berserk. Countless figures frantically shuttled across Taowu Mountain Range. There was fighting everywhere and blood was gushing down the mountain ridges like a river had flooded its banks.

Ye Qingyu was also attacked every now and then.

Boom!

He threw out a punch.

The force of the fist, like a rolling thunder, blasted a blood-colored fist mark in the Void.

A figure hidden in the demonic qi trying to launch a sneak attack was directly sent flying before he had a chance to attack.

Instead of retaliating, Ye Qingyu continued ahead.

Along the way he had to cope with all sorts of sudden attacks.

He constantly punched out, sending the berserk attackers flying.

On this Taowu Mountain Range, the Black Demon qi in the air was increasingly dense and surging violently. The suppressive force was much stronger that even Immortal Step realm experts would feel that their yuan qi was suppressed by more than half. Therefore, Ye Qingyu, who had sealed his yuan qi and depended only on physical power, was instead somewhat invincible.

He charged ahead, sweeping away all obstacles.

Occasionally he would encounter some evenly matched experts, exchanged a few moves, and when both sides knew that the other side was not easy to deal with, they would give up the intention of fighting and very tacitly retreated.

Soon, Ye Qingyu was about to reach the Fierce Beast Peak of the Taowu Mountain Range.

The Fierce Beast Peak was the highest point of the Taowu Mountain Range, which from afar looked like the head of the Taowu beast roaring skywards. It was also the center of the highest area of the entire Taowu Mountain Range. The several Doors of Darkness that emerged following the eruption of the demon tide were all situated on the Fierce Beast Peak.

Ye Qingyu stopped and looked at the Fierce Beast Peak from afar.

Vaguely, he saw that under the Black Demon qi, there were various brilliances flickering in the Void. It was clear that many top experts had erupted out with their own strength. Each occupied a position, and stood opposite each other in confrontation.

And there were seven huge black space-time vortexes swirling in sky above them.

They seemed to be the eyes of the ancient dark beast, also like the beating hearts of the gods, slowly constricting and expanding...

It was the legendary Doors of Darkness ——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 728:


Chapter 746, The suspicious fatty



“The great forces, the geniuses and talented ones, as well as those old monsters all should have gathered on the Fierce Beast Peak. The divine herbs and medicinal plants that have spurted out of the Door of Darkness, as well as all sorts of treasures will have to pass through them first. It is only after the huge powerful forces have eaten the meat that the living beings around the Fierce Beast Peak can drink the soup. A treasure like the Black Demon Herb will never be able to fly away from Fierce Beast Peak...”

Ye Qingyu knew well that once he set foot on the Fierce Beast Peak, real danger would come.

The situation would not be as easy as it was now.

But...

“Haha, well, I’ve been out of Heaven Wasteland Domain for such a long time, I should go greet the talents and genius of the great wide world.”

A smile made its way across Ye Qingyu’s face. The will to do battle in his heart was blazing.

He quickened his pace and sped away towards the Fierce Beast Peak.

In the blink of the eye, he was already close by.

Ahead were countless streams of tyrannical aura flowing about.

Enveloped in Black Demon qi, a dozen figures emerged, blocking Ye Qingyu's path.

“Who are you? This is the area occupied by the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect... Boy, get lost, it's full up there, my m,aster has issued the order to not allow trash to ascend the peak.”

There was a sudden roar.

An expert attacked without warning or mercy.

A huge black palm slammed down from the top of the cloud, like the giant claw of an ancient demon dragon. It was hundreds of meters big, cutting through the air, crushing the Black Demon qi, and directly slammed down on Ye Qingyu. His first move was a killing move.

Ye Qingyu burst into loud laughter.

A pair of lightning wings swiftly spread wide open on his back. His speed increased dramatically, and directly charged into the giant black dragon claw.

Boom!

The black demon dragon claw crumbled.

Ye Qingyu's body transformed into a stream of purple flowing light before he pierced through the giant claw. He rose rapidly and and as he did, his speed rocketed.

“What?” the expert exclaimed in the shadows, feeling shaken.

“He seems to be a young man, he’s strong enough. He can ascend the Fierce Beast Peak. He should be a descendant secretly cultivated by some major sect. You and I cannot stop him, let him go, even if he ascends to the peak, he still may not survive in the end...” another voice sounded in the air, his tone filled with apathy and majesty.

Everything calmed down once again.

The surroundings of the Fierce Beast Peak appeared calm, but in fact, was blocked and sealed off by major forces.

If an ordinary expert wanted to climb onto the peak, they would be mercilessly killed right away or be driven away. Only top experts could break through, and the people who blocked the path would not be too tough on them.

Ye Qingyu had shown enough strength and was classified as the latter.

Swoosh!

A stream of purple flowing light landed.

Ye Qingyu descended on the Fierce Beast Peak.

The peak was a relatively flat platform, covering an area of more than hundreds of acres, and was considered spacious. Ye Qingyu ran his eyes across the surroundings, and saw that there were thousands of experts, each occupying different positions, and were vaguely divided into different camps, standing in confrontation with each other. Each figure exuded a suffocating fluctuation of strength, and the one with the lowest strength was also at least above the third step of the Immortal Step boundary.

That scene and momentum, compared to the Storm Sword Gathering in Clear River Domain, was countless times more terrifying.

The arrival of Ye Qingyu attracted the attention of some people.

But it was just attention.

A lot of sharp and strong gazes swept over Ye Qingyu, and looked away.

Most people's attention were focused on the six giant black space-time vortexes above the Void.

The six great vortexes were the six Doors of Darkness.

Everyone had fixed their eyes on them, nervous and agitated, staring intently at the Doors of Darkness, as if waiting for something to happen.

A stench of blood pervaded the air.

It was only then that Ye Qingyu noticed that in the most central location of the platform there were several simple and unadorned black elevated stages that were about twenty or thirty meters in diameter and ten meters high. Blood overflowed and seeped down the cracks of the rocks, and under each one, there were corpses piled up, broken limbs, as well as damaged treasures and weapons, like a pile of trash. It was obvious that a number of experts had battled to the death on the stages.

And around the battle arena were experts of the Black Demon Race constantly tossing bodies down the Fierce Beast Peak...

Only the heavens knew how many people had died on the arena.

“Brother, you got here on your own, too?” a voice sounded in Ye Qingyu's ear.

Ye Qingyu twisted around to take a look.

It was a chubby and short young man, his smiling face squeezed out all the flabby flesh on his face, and his eyes squinted into narrow slits. He cautiously greeted Ye Qingyu like the big-bellied Maitreya Buddha.

Ye Qingyu cast a glance at him and did not say a word.

He must be up to something.

To be able to appear on the Fierce Beast Peak, as well as survive to this point, meant that he definitely was not a simple person. Ye Qingyu would not be blinded by his seemingly friendly appearance.

“Hey, brother, I have no malice, really...” The bald fatty grinned. “I see you are new and alone, so I came to say hello. We are both alone, the situation is dangerous here, perhaps we can temporarily ally with each other, what do you say? The brothers who came with me have all died.”

Ye Qingyu, “...”

Your brothers are all dead, yet you're still alive.

That kind of person was either cowardly and only interested in saving himself, or had betrayed his brothers. Who dared to ally with him?

With this in mind, Ye Qingyu moved two steps to the other side and began to quietly survey the situation around him.

At this very moment the Fierce Beast Peak was strangely quiet.

There was no fighting happening on the arenas, and the atmosphere seemed bizarre.

The bald man, with an awkward expression, cautiously smiled, “Brother, I really do not mean malice... right, you have just arrived and do not understand the situation. Don’t worry, we don’t need to fight now because the eruption of the demon tide has stopped.”

En?

Ye Qingyu blankly looked at the bald fatty.

The eruption of the
demon tide
had stopped?

What was going on?

Could it be that the
demon tide
had ended already?

In that case, why had the many forces and experts not retreated, but they were more and more solemnly and nervously gazing at the six
Doors of Darkness
in the sky, seeming waiting for something. Could there be something more important than the treasures spurting out of the
demon tide
?

Seeing Ye Qingyu's slightly puzzled and inquiring look, the bald fatty immediately knew his words had tempted him.

He grinned and moved a little closer, whispering, “Brother, my name is Sheng Yan, and I am also a human, and this time I came... Right, right, right, the main point, the focus, an hour ago, the demon tide stopped erupting, these six doors or darkness did not disappear, the major forces did not leave, and the situation became bizarre. From what I have gathered, I know that something big is going to happen. The Door of Life that leads to the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss will appear for the first time in history.”

The Door of Life that leads to the 18th district of the
Black Demon Abyss
?

Ye Qingyu asked puzzledly, “What does that mean?”

“It means that over the next three days, someone will be able to enter the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss and can still come back out.” The voice of the bald fatty Sheng Yan trembled excitedly, “This is an incredibly rare opportunity. Thinking about it, ever since the birth of the Black Demon Abyss, I do not know how many ambitious and ruthless characters have tried to enter the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss and failed. Even the last quasi-emperor of my race Li Xiaofei died grievously, but now a chance has arisen all of a sudden. This is a wonderful and rare opportunity...”

Ye Qingyu, looked at the fatty who was talking and dancing with joy and thought that he seemed like he was a little possessed.

But his words also set off a storm in Ye Qingyu's heart.

Something like that was happening?

If it was true, then the bald fatty was not wrong. It was indeed an event enough to absolutely shock the entire world.

It was rumoured that the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss contained endless secrets and treasures, and may even hide the opportunity and mystery of becoming an emperor, which were enough to make even a quasi-emperor turn crazy.

No wonder the great forces on the
Fierce Beast Peak
were so serious.

“Brother, brother?” The bald fatty Sheng Yan leaned over, lowered his voice to say, “I won't keep this secret from you brother, my eyes have a special ability, I can see a person’s character and luck. Looking around the Fierce Beast Peak, brother your luck is incredibly strong, in no way inferior to the young Lord of the Sinful Pit, the descendant of the Sky Meteor Sect and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race. I think highly of you. You're likely to get a chance to get into the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss...”

The bald fatty's laugh was very vulgar.

His expression reminded Ye Qingyu of silly dog Little Nine.

Every time silly dog Little Nine wanted to eat chaotic thunder liquid or divine origin crystal, he would reveal that expression in front of Ye Qingyu.

The fatty was like a scammer, suspicious and cunning, and absolutely did not have any good intention.

Ye Qingyu simply ignored him with a cold expression.

Fatty moved closer to stand beside Ye Qingyu as he rambled. While laughing at something, intentionally or unintentionally, he revealed information that made Ye Qingyu tremble with shock.

“Do you know why there are so many experts dead on the Taowu Mountain Range? Actually, it's a plot.”

“Those super forces have long known that the Door of Life of the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss will appear, and used the eruption of the demon tide to attract various experts to come, and then deliberately incited killing intent. As a result, all sides massacred each other, corpses piled up like mountains, and caused a bloodbath. Hehe, it was all to obtain the power of flesh and blood sacrifice, only with blood sacrifice would the Door of Life open.”

“In fact, the top forces have long reached an alliance...”

“Let alone us lonely people, even some top sects are just pawns.”

“Brother, you have to be careful to not be used by others.”

“Hehe, honestly, let's join forces, really, I also know some more secrets.”

“There is a bigger secret, not all major forces have come to the opening of the Door of Life. There is only a few of them, but they all paid a huge price... They have all come to try their luck, the sects who did not come have gotten opportunities elsewhere...”

The bald fatty lowered his voice, and with a sneaky and suspicious look, continued to ramble on——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

