Chapter 1205:


Chapter 1220, Return

Ye Qingyu never would have thought that something like that would happen.

Today he was forced into a desperate situation by the Sky Emperor, and the one who saved him was the Celestial Phoenix Maiden. The peerless heaven's prideling maiden, who had vanished after her farewell at Ren Puyang's office, had expressed her feelings in such a way. In truth, Ye Qingyu was not heartless, how would he not know about the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's feelings, but his situation wasn't too good, life and death were unpredictable for him, and Song Xiaojun had already occupied his heart. Thus, he had pretended to be clueless several times.

He just didn’t think that the seemingly icy-cold Celestial Phoenix Maiden was so resolute and fiery inside, like an underground volcano. Usually one cannot feel the heat, but when it erupts, the heat of the raging flame was enough to drown the whole world.

“No matter what, I must save you.”

Ye Qingyu secretly made a promise.

“Brother Qingyu, let's get out of here first.” Song Xiaojun held onto Ye Qingyu with a concerned look, hoping to hurry back to help Ye Qingyu recover and restore his strength.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

……

……

The Unmoving City of Darkness.

It had been three days since the battle of the Invaders ended.

Blood-scarred military counselor Wang Jianru reorganized the destroyed armies and maintained the order of the Unmoving City of Darkness. However, in the seemingly calm city on the surface, there were in fact undercurrents surging. Great Elder Shen Lingzhi was constantly making little movements, tension was spreading, and not only the Unmoving City of Darkness, even the major areas across the entire one hundred fifty million kilometers of great wall were in a strange atmosphere.

And the four chief commanders of the border, who represent the will of the Guardian Royal City, also secretly revealed a strange stance. Some Guardian armies that were absolute loyal to the four chief commanders had quietly set out, arrived at the Unmoving City of Darkness, and secretly formed a siege. Their intention was obvious.

And as one of the trusted aides of one of the four commander-in-chiefs Commander Yang, Deputy Commander Xie had been left in the Unmoving City of Darkness to provide support for Great Elder Shen Lingzhi. It was also the existence of this Deputy Commander that Wang Jianru had not managed to regain the right army's military power in this short period of time.

Some of the senior military officers, who betrayed the Emperor of Darkness in the past, at this time, were also in a state of panic. They were constantly around the Great Elder Shen Lingzhi and Deputy Commander Xie to discuss countermeasures.

The news from Royal City was that there was indeed the birth of a new Emperor, which confirmed Lingyun's previous statement. It was clear that the new Emperor was standing on the side of the Emperor of Darkness. This news, to Shen Lingzhi and the others, was no less terrifying than a bolt of lightning from a clear sky.

The only good news, however, was that the reinforcements which were supposed to have arrived at the great wall border under the orders of the new Emperor did not arrive as scheduled. According to the latest intelligence, the at least one million new forces was still a distance away from the great wall border and were moving at a slow pace.

“I wonder what the battle in the starry battlefield is like now.” Shen Lingzhi was in suffering day and night.

He was afraid of seeing the ruthless Emperor of Darkness appearing before him the moment he opened his eyes. After all, his action of restraining the right army from advancing was a complete betrayal to the Unmoving City of Darkness. He had utterly destroyed his prestige in the Unmoving City of Darkness. Many of the Sinners of the Unmoving City of Darkness had condemned his actions. This was equal to losing his foundation. If Song Xiaojun were to return at this time and rectify the forces, then there was absolutely no way he could continue to sit steadily in his position as an elder.

Shen Lingzhi now eagerly hoped that the experts who were arranged by the Guardian city to kill Song Xiaojun would be successful.

But in truth, it was incredibly difficult, because according to Lingyun's statement, the new Emperor had gone to rescue Song Xiaojun. In this world, what sort of matters can a Martial Emperor not solve?

For the first two days, Shen Lingzhi had almost lost all hope.

But on the third day, there were gradually some news that there may have been another change in the starry battlefield.

And the bitter-faced Deputy Commander Xie, after receiving a letter, his face was lit up again.

“Haha, Elder Shen Lingzhi, don't worry. Whether it's Song Xiaojun or the new Emperor, they won’t come back.” Deputy Commander Xie laughed. “The new Emperor has no virtue and had committed brutal killings. The sovereigns in Royal City couldn’t stand this any longer. I received accurate information that Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather, two old sovereigns, as well as another sovereign have gone to the starry battlefield to kill the new Emperor. The new Emperor and Song Xiaojun are most likely already buried in the starry sky.”

“What? Is this true?” Shen Lingzhi was so ecstatic that even his beard trembled.

This really was great news.

“Haha, it is absolutely true. I have just received a letter from Commander Yang. This matter has already spread throughout Royal City. Haha, otherwise, why hasn’t the new Emperor returned after such a long time? And the new army of the New Emperor was fast as lightning in the beginning, but is moving so slow now and still hasn’t arrived. This explains everything,” Deputy Commander Xie said confidently.

Shen Lingzhi, a ruthless and ambitious person, also couldn't help but dance with joy. “Great, this is great.”

The haze and thunder that had been pressing down above his head these days, in this moment, finally dissipated completely.

“We can act immediately now. We can start our operation against that woman Blood-scar.” Deputy Commander Xie grinned coldly. “When Commander Yang's army arrives they will be completely destroyed. From then on, the Unmoving City of Darkness will belong to Elder Shen Lingzhi.”

“Don't dare to, dont dare to, I certainly will follow the lead of Commander Yang and Commander Xie in the future.” Shen Lingzhi immediately expressed his loyalty.

A series of schemes and actions were arranged.

After half an hour.

There were suddenly burst of cries echoing all over the originally calm Unmoving City of Darkness, like stormy waves on a calm water surface. The war of fire was ignited, smoke filled the air, and the cries of killing sounded all of a sudden.

The defender forces that were originally stationed in the city and said to maintain order, suddenly, without warning, launched a slaughter attack on the four battalions of the Unmoving City of Darkness. Many of the unguarded soldiers were immediately cut into minced meat.

Adding to this, the powerful generals of the Unmoving City of Darkness, who were just about to counterattack, were attacked from behind, or found that they had been poisoned and unable to function their yuan qi and were quickly beheaded.

Cries rang out from all directions.

“Ah, why?”

“Why kill us?”

“It's a rebellion, a shameless rebellion!”

Countless officers and soldiers of the Unmoving City of Darkness that had only been recovering for less than three days, were attacked from behind by the Guardian army. Their blood dyed the camp red. Even till death they couldn’t believe that even if they had just repelled the attack of the Invaders, were physically and mentally exhausted, and had heard about the arrival of a new Emperor, and when they all thought the sufferings have passed, unexpectedly...

The moment the unrest broke out, many of the soldiers of the Unmoving City of Darkness were killed in the despicable assassination.

In particular, there were three battalion commander-level experts who were elites that had survived the Invaders battle, but still died an incomparably tragic death under Shen Lingzhi's scheming plot.

“Why? I have bled for the camp, killed the Invaders, sustained numerous injuries, and did not take a step back, why kill me?” A battalion commander stared with wide-eyed disbelief before his death.

The one who attacked him from behind was a Marquis of the Guardian camp who had been falsely complimenting him before. He wrenched the blood-stained butcher knife pierced into the battalion commander's body and answered coldly, “Because you are loyal to the wrong person!”

Similar tragedies were occurring across the Unmoving City of Darkness.

By the time Wang Jianru received the news, the situation was already too chaotic.

Even Lingyun also suffered an attack from behind, was seriously injured, but fortunately he reacted immediately and killed the attacker...

After an hour.

Yang Feng, one of the four commanders of the great wall border, had personally led an army of one hundred thousand elites, and with the cooperation of Deputy Commander Xie and Shen Lingzhi, had forced entry into the Unmoving City of Darkness. This was bad news for the four battalions of the Unmoving City of Darkness that were already in a critical state.

The battle became more and more brutal.

Yang Feng had a satisfied sneer on his face.

All along, the several great Sinner tribes that were under the Unmoving City of Darkness were extremely difficult to control. The internal division of the Unmoving City of Darkness was even more like a piece of iron. The appointing and dismissing of the City Lords was something not even the Guardian camp could control. As for an outsider like Song Xiaojun becoming the Emperor of Darkness was something that the four chief commanders and Royal City could not accept.

Today, they planned to eradicate all the tough bones of the Unmoving City of Darkness, kill all the rebels, and take the Sinner tribes completely into their own hands.

“Kill, kill all resisters with lawful authority, kill all Sinners once loyal to the Emperor of Darkness, kill them all. Do not leave even a chicken or a dog.”

Yang Feng's mouth was curved in a cruel arc as he issued the order.

After half an hour later.

The war had come to an end.

The experts and troops of the Unmoving City of Darkness that were loyal to Song Xiaojun had gathered together with great difficulty to guard the Divine Palace of Darkness. The surviving army after the battle of the Invaders had suffered another tremendous massacre. Around a third of the army was lost. However they were elites of elites after all and possessed frightening military strength.

The strength of the Guardian forces simply could not match this power. Despite occupying the advantage in number and equipment, it was impossible to break into the Divine Palace of Darkness.

The strength and tenacity of this surviving army was a shock to Yang Feng. At the same time he was even more determined to completely eradicate them. An army of Sinners absolutely cannot stay in the world.

“Tell the group of esteemed masters to attack and kill all the Sinners in the Divine Palace of Darkness for me,” Yang Feng cruelly commanded.

The true experts of the esteemed master army were all Quasi-emperor existences. In addition, there were at least one thousand elite generals being dispatched. The cooperation between the two forces, in the absence of a Martial Emperor, can be said to be an invincible force.

A terrifying offensive soon broke out.

The Divine Palace of Darkness was tottering.

Wang Jianru, who had personally fought in the battle, was soaked in blood and her injuries were not minor at all.

Watching the Divine Palace of Darkness about to be destroyed, it was at this time that a strange change took place.

In the sky above the Unmoving City of Darkness, an extremely tyrannical aura, like a fiendgod had descended, suddenly appeared. An extremely rich and pure power of darkness was surging around, like the ocean, and then instantly enveloped the entire Unmoving City of Darkness.

Two figures appeared in the void above.

One of them was graceful and beautiful, with long dark-red hair, standing on a giant bear of flames. To the soldiers of the Unmoving City of Darkness, this figure was too familiar.

“The Emperor has returned!”

A blood-soaked old soldier cheered out loud——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1206:


Chapter 1221, Torture

The old soldier's cheer immediately caught the attention of the others.

Countless enraged soldiers of the Unmoving City of Darkness looked up at the same time, and similarly cheered at the sight of the scene.

And when the figures appeared in the void, Wang Jianru’s heart finally relaxed back into her chest.

In truth, although furious and deeply worried because of Shen Lingzhi and the death of the soldiers of the four battalions, Wang Jianru was still most concerned about the safety of Song Xiaojun and Ye Qingyu in the starry battlefield. If these two people were to fall, the Unmoving City of Darkness would also fall completely, and with no possibility of recovering.

“It's the Emperor... and His Majesty, they are back.” The critically wounded Lingyun still remained at the forefront of the battle. He gave a cheer of joy, and his voice, like a thunderbolt, resonated throughout the Unmoving City of Darkness.

Bursts of cheers, like a tsunami, instantly filled the Unmoving City of Darkness.

The army of the Guardian camp that was storming over, upon hearing and seeing this scene, was suddenly hesitant to advance. While the Quasi-emperor experts also completely lost the courage to attack when they sensed the earth-shaking Emperor power pressing down like an immemorial mountain, which also suppressed their body of qi.

“How is that possible?” Deputy Commander Xie stared at the two figures that were descending like fiendgods with wide-eyed disbelief.

At his side, Chief Commander Yang Feng who thought that everything was within his grasp just seconds ago, had a smile frozen on his face. He vaguely felt a great danger was approaching, because he knew very clearly what kind of forces Royal City had dispatched in order to kill the new Emperor. In the end the new Emperor had managed to return alive. Could it mean that all the sovereigns were killed by the new Emperor?

How is that possible?

Yang Feng couldn’t convince himself of this ending.

He widened his eyes, scanning other places of the sky in the hope that the sovereigns ordered to kill the new Emperor would appear. In his imagination, even if the new Emperor came back alive, he must have escaped and the pursuit would soon come. As long as he cooperated with the other sovereigns, he could certainly still reverse the situation.

As for Great Elder Shen Lingzhi, watching the beautiful figure of the Emperor of Darkness coming over on the giant flame bear, he was completely dumbfounded. The thing that he was most afraid of had happened. He immediately felt an impulse to turn around and leave as far as possible.

The fierce battle gradually came to a halt.

The figures of Song Xiaojun and Ye Qingyu landed on the hundred of meters tall cornerstone of the entrance of the Divine Palace of Darkness.

One hundred and eight steps extended down from the stone foundation, blood flowing down the steps, and countless warriors of the Unmoving City of Darkness were guarding here with their flesh and blood, like boulders, preventing the Guardian army from advancing any further. This was because inside the Divine Palace of Darkness was the old and weak officials most loyal to the Emperor of Darkness Song Xiaojun.

Song Xiaojun looked down from a height.

“We pay respect to Your Majesty.”

“We pay respect to Your Majesty.”

“Long live the Emperor!”

The soldiers, who were bathed in the blood of the war, in this moment, had all knelt down to pay respect to the real Emperor in their hearts.

And Wang Jianru, Lingyun and the other chief commanders of the military of the Unmoving City of Darkness also came to Song Xiaojun and Ye Qingyu's side, crowding around the two.

Some experts of the Unmoving City of Darkness with slightly slower reactions had yet to notice the change in Song Xiaojun’s aura. They had not realized that the supreme Emperor in their hearts had already achieved the real imperial throne. They all simply thought that the army would finally have a real pillar now that Her Majesty had finally returned, and even if they were to die in battle with the Emperor, it was a high honour.

After all, Wang Jianru had only controlled the military with the identity of military counselor Blood-scar for a period of time. Although she had established a certain prestige, there was still a gap from the image that the former Wang Jianru had in the past. In the end she could not become the spiritual pillar of the Unmoving City of Darkness.

Song Xiaojun was not the same.

In the past, the Emperor of Darkness had taken the lead in every battle, and her formidable style and kindness to her people had thoroughly made the soldiers acknowledge her as the true Emperor. It was no exaggeration to say that the present Song Xiaojun had a majestic prestige and deterrence in the Unmoving City of Darkness. Even the higher-ups who had joined Shen Lingzhi's side were also terrified of Song Xiaojun.

Only Wang Jianru sensed the change of aura on Song Xiaojun right away.

“Xiaojun, you... have... succeeded?” Wang Jianru was as surprised as she was happy.

Song Xiaojun nodded, “Teacher, I came late... everything here, just leave it to Brother Qingyu and I.”

Wang Jianru's eyes under the mask revealed an incomparably delighted expression.

“Okay,” she nodded, as if relieved from a burden. Her heart welled up with thousands of emotions.

In this moment, Wang Jianru even felt an unreal feeling.

Not too long ago, the young pair standing next to her was just sitting in the same classroom waiting for her to start the lesson. They did not know anything about martial arts before and started from the most basic foundation, embarking on the road of cultivation. At that time, for them, perhaps becoming an expert of the Bitter Sea realm was already the limit of martial arts, allowing them to move unhindered across the snow country. But now, the couple that had experienced countless storms and sufferings along the way had overcome the isolation of time and space with their most sincere true feelings. They had finally set foot on the pinnacle of martial arts together.

Time flies. Before she was old her former students had already become Emperors.

Wang Jianru couldn't help feeling emotional.

And at this time, Lingyun couldn’t control his anger any longer and reported everything to Song Xiaojun and Ye Qingyu.

“Please, my lord, act out justice for us.”

Lingyun lifted up the imperial order that Ye Qingyu had presented to him before, looking right at Ye Qingyu with enraged and unwilling eyes.

Speaking of the fellow soldiers who were killed tragically in the attack, he couldn't help but weep bitter tears. Those were the most loyal and heroic soldiers. They had been guarding the great wall their entire life. Their fathers, their grandfathers, and their ancestors were born and died on the great wall. It was only because they defended against Invaders with their blood for generations that the Dark Realm and the Vast Thousand Domains could enjoy so many years of peace, but now they were killed by the people they guarded. How can one not be furious?

Ye Qingyu nodded, saying, “Today I will certainly give you an explanation.”

In Lingyun's eyes, Ye Qingyu was the new Emperor of the Guardian camp and governs everything. It was an irrefutable fact that the chief commander of the Guardian camp had joined hands with Shen Lingzhi to plot against the Unmoving City of Darkness, and he must give them an explanation.

And finally unable to suppress her anger, Song Xiaojun had already made a move. Her eyes like lightning swept across the crowd until she saw Shen Lingzhi standing at Yang Feng's side. Emperor power pervaded the air, and then an invisible force brought Shen Lingzhi over, hurling him onto the stone steps.

“Elder Shen Lingzhi, your ancestors are heroes of the Unmoving City of Darkness, but you, for your own benefits, had betrayed the city and joined hands with others to kill your fellow people and soldiers. Do you know what crime you have committed?”

Song Xiaojun stepped down the steps, slowly moving closer to Shen Lingzhi.

Shen Lingzhi was still in a daze as to how he was captured in an instant. He only saw that everything blurred before his eyes and was unable to use any of his strength. Then the next moment he was already at the middle of the stone steps, surrounded by countless faces of hatred.

“No, I...” Shen Lingzhi's soul flew away. His long-term fear of Song Xiaojun had completely erupted in this moment, like a flood. He lost his sanity, screaming frantically, “Commander Yang, Commander Xie, save me... help me!”

In the distance.

It was then that Chief Commander Yang Feng snapped out of his shock.

“What actually happened in the starry battlefield? Could it be that they escaped the pursuit of the sovereigns with some technique? It seems that I only need to delay them for a certain amount of time before the sovereigns arrive.”

He made up his mind.

“Emperor of Darkness, how dare you behave uncontrollably in front of this commander. Shen Lingzhi's actions were all my orders. Do you have an opinion? Quickly let go off Elder Shen Lingzhi?” Yang Feng roared, operating his yuan qi.

The four chief commanders of the border controlled the Sinner tribes. Even if they did not have direct jurisdiction over them, they had absolute majesty. Yang Feng, although shocked by the strength that Song Xiaojun showed, knew that even if Song Xiaojun had become an Emperor, he did not have to be too afraid because Sinners were still Sinners even after becoming Emperors, and were still subjected to the jurisdiction of Royal City. They were unable to automatically become a present age sovereign, and even more cannot officially belong to the aristocrats of the Guardian camp. As for Ye Qingyu... since he had not seen him before, he thought that he might as well pretend to not know him, which would help stall for time.

Yang Feng wanted protect this Shen Lingzhi. After all, he was a very rare obedient dog among the Sinners, but also the best chess piece to control the Unmoving City of Darkness. At least for now he cannot let him die.

However, what infuriated Yang Feng was that Song Xiaojun simply ignored him, and treated him as the air.

“Shen Lingzhi for his selfish desire had betrayed his ancestors and slaughtered fellow soldiers. He really is a heartless maniac. The heavens will not tolerate this. Your bloodline of the Unmoving City of Darkness will be removed and you will be stripped off your rank. From now on, you will be hung on the pillar of darkness for ten days, exposed to the scorching sun. Ten days later, you will be subjected to thousands of slashes in order to console the deceased heroes of the Unmoving City of Darkness that were killed.”

Under the watchful eye of countless enraged soldiers, Song Xiaojun, who was similarly furious, made a judgement.

This was the most brutal and harshest torture.

Shen Lingzhi almost fainted in fear when he heard this——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1207:


Chapter 1222, The great army bow its head

This torture can be said to be the harshest and most chilling in the history of the Unmoving City of Darkness. It can be seen that the usually gentle and lenient Song Xiaojun was really furious this time.

Shen Lingzhi immediately understood that, if he were to fall into the hands of this woman, he most likely would end up in a state worse than death. He also completely rejected the plan to beg Song Xiaojun for mercy.

At this time, at a moment of life and death, he instead was slowly calming down.

“The one with the last name Song, you are just a lowly seed from the Vast Thousand Domains. Your origin is unknown, and your blood is not pure. You stole the imperial throne and the power of my Unmoving City of Darkness, and harbour evil intentions, but also refused the elder's marriage and secretly crowned an unknown lowly person. What I have done was just to ensure that the bloodline of my Unmoving City of Darkness is not tarnished. What crime did I commit? You...” Shen Lingzhi tried to explain and defend himself.

He said this, of course, not really to blame Song Xiaojun or to convince the soldiers of the Unmoving City of Darkness who have already completely plunged into rage.

It was to provide an excuse and reason for Yang Feng and Deputy Commander Xie to save him.

This was evidently him trying to convey a message.

As long as they occupy the right, occupy the moral high ground, Yang Feng, one of the four chief commanders, who holds the great power of the Guardian camp, can forcibly rescue people.

In the end, the Unmoving City of Darkness was a tribe of Sinners, even if they comply with orders they do not fully obey the Guardian camp. However, it was impossible for them to go against the four chief commanders, unless the Unmoving City of Darkness plans to rebel.

And how would the scheming Yang Feng not understand the meaning of Shen Lingzhi's words.

He immediately moved a few steps forward, operating his yuan qi, and then said in a resounding voice, “Elder Shen Lingzhi is loyal and what he did was under my orders, what crime did he commit? Release him right away, does the Unmoving City of Darkness want to rebel?” Yang Feng intended to suppress Song Xiaojun with righteousness.

Countless eyes were fixed on Song Xiaojun.

The blood-soaked soldiers of the Unmoving City of Darkness who were still alive were both furious and indignant.

Would they have to let go off a demon like Shen Lingzhi in this situation?

Her Majesty, can she bear the pressure?

Although unwilling, could they really fight back against the Guardian camp?

Or were they really going to rebel?

At this moment, Song Xiaojun still paid no attention to Yang Feng.

She did not seem to hear Yang Feng's words, as though did not see such a person all along.

“Come, strip Shen Lingzhi of the golden elder armour, put on the martial arts prohibition handcuffs, and imprison him,” Song Xiaojun commanded firmly.

No matter what anyone says today, Shen Lingzhi must pay the price for his sin. This was not a sin that death can atone for. Even death was too light of a punishment for him. She must let this culprit suffer painfully and strip him of the bloodline of the Unmoving City of Darkness.

“Yes,” Lingyun excitedly roared and took action right away. He lifted up Shen Lingzhi, who had his cultivation completely sealed by Song Xiaojun, like a chicken and removed his golden elder armour. Then, the prohibition handcuffs directly pierced Shen Lingzhi's shoulder blades and were fixed to his palms.

Some of the soldiers of the Unmoving City of Darkness excitedly cheered.

Of course, there were some officials who, at the same time of their anger being vented, felt somewhat worried. After all, the Emperor's choice was not wrong, but it was against the will of a commander-in-chief of the Guardian camp. Was the Unmoving City of Darkness really going to rebel?

Yang Feng indeed couldn't control his fury any longer upon seeing the scene.

“Well, very well, it seems the laws of your Unmoving City of Darkness really are more important than the heavens? You even ignored my orders and did not pay any attention to me.” Yang Feng fumed, “Today, I will put the words out there, if anything were to happen to Elder Shen Lingzhi, the whole Unmoving City of Darkness will be buried. No matter who it is, they cannot save you now. Haha I can one hundred percent guarantee this.”

This tough stance made Shen Lingzhi see hope.

Song Xiaojun opened her mouth about to say something when Ye Qingyu gently patted her on the shoulder, smiling, “I'll handle it.”

Then, he went forward two steps, standing in front of Song Xiaojun's body, and swept his eyes across Yang Feng and the others, “I'm afraid you can't guarantee that.”

Yang Feng trembled inwardly when he heard this.

As a chief commander of the Guardian camp of the border region, even though the border was a bitter and cold remote place, he naturally was aware of the fact that Ye Qingyu had become a new Emperor. Adding to this, he had already seen the formation text and portrait of the new Emperor. He had already recognized the identity of Ye Qingyu earlier, but intentionally pretended to not know anything. Now that Ye Qingyu had stood up, he did not know how to handle the situation.

This was because Ye Qingyu’s Emperor status was different from a Sinner like Song Xiaojun. Ye Qingyu had become Emperor with the identity of a Guardian aristocrat, which meant that he was a present age sovereign of the Guardian camp, and can govern and dominate everything. Even a commander-in-chief has to bow to the orders of a present age sovereign.

“Who are you, to dare to speak to me like this?” Yang Feng chose to continue to act ignorant.

What status did Ye Qingyu have now? He can't be mad at a person like him.

He raised his hand into the void and a gush of Emperor power shot out, transforming into a blue rope, which, with a flash of brilliance, hooked onto Yang Feng, sealing all his yuan qi and then directly dragged him over.

“Ridiculous, how dare you attack me. Capture him,” Yang Feng bellowed, continuing to pretend not to know anything. At the same time he issued an order to the experts of the esteemed masters group to attack.

The numerous peak Quasi-emperor experts made a move to stop Ye Qingyu at the same time.

This was the moment that Ye Qingyu was waiting for.

A tremendous power gushed out from his palm, and the blue light rope that twisted around Yang Feng began to quiver, like a dragon spiraling around, and directly wrapped around the six Quasi-emperors. In the blink of an eye, it was as though there were seven grasshoppers pinned to a rope. They were all tied together with Yang Feng.

Ye Qingyu withdrew the strength gathered at his palm.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Yang Feng, along with the other Quasi-emperors, tumbled to the ground, like rolling gourds. All were dropped onto the steps in front of the Divine Palace of Darkness.

There was complete silence all around.

This move had astonished everyone.

The Quasi-emperor experts, in front of Ye Qingyu, were unable to withstand a single blow.

“I was surprised,” Ye Qingyu spoke, a strange look coming onto his face.

His eyes ran across these people, and finally fell on the furious face of Yang Feng, who was about to open his mouth and bellow his grievances. His pair of eyes was like a sword, containing frightening power, and his voice was resounding as the clang of metals, “You are one of the four chief commanders of the borders. You should have heard about how King Zhenyuan, the Sky Fox clan, the Sky-reaching clan and the Dark Feather clan ended. Yet at this time, you still dare to play this game. Do you think that I don't dare to kill you? Do you think your neck is harder than those people so I can’t kill you?”

Suddenly, Yang Feng was unable to utter a single word that he wanted to say.

There were still a lot of schemes and responses in his mind, but facing Ye Qingyu's coldness and indifference, seeing that he looked at him with a gaze like he was looking at an insignificant insect, Yang Feng immediately lost the courage to act ignorant. Then, at the thought of those who had died in the hands of Ye Qingyu, Yang Feng's greed and distracting thoughts all vanished without a trace, and all that remained was fear.

He suddenly reacted, and even he himself was confused as to where he got the courage to dare to go against this merciless and murderous new Emperor?

“I... Yang Feng, chief commander of the great wall border, pays respect to Your Majesty.”

Yang Feng dropped down to his knees in fear and dared not to even lift his head up.

The other six captured Quasi-emperors had long guessed the identity that Ye Qingyu had, but it wasn't until this time that they began to quiver inwardly, regretting their previous actions. Why would they be so stupid to fight against a new Emperor. But now it was already too late. Even Chief Commander Yang Feng had acknowledged Ye Qingyu’s identity, what can they, who have nothing but a nominal post and no real power, do?

“We pay respect to Your Majesty.”

“We pay respect to Your Majesty.”

The six Quasi-emperors all dropped to their knees, their posture incomparably respectful.

The air above the army of the Guardian camp above was filled with the sound of gasping.

On the contrary, the soldiers of the Unmoving City of Darkness who were worried that Song Xiaojun's stance and action would anger the Guardian nobles, upon seeing this scene, were all speechless from astonishment.

The sudden reversal of the situation left many lower-level soldiers a little confused.

They did not see Ye Qingyu up close that day, and was unaware of the dialogue between Ye Qingyu, Wang Jianru and other people. They also did not know that this handsome white-clothed man who descended with Her Majesty was the new Emperor who wiped out the Invaders, reversed the war situation and treated their injuries that day. They were still speculating who this person actually was. Not only did he possess unimaginable strength, from the scene he also seemed to be well-respected, and even the usually domineering Yang Feng, one of the chief commanders of the border, was like a dog that has had his spine and skin removed, begging for mercy.

It was only a few more well-informed higher-ups, who had seen Ye Qingyu that day, and were able to vaguely guess what was going on. From what Lingyun had said before, they knew what side the new Emperor of the Guardian camp was on. They finally were able to breathe a sigh of relief and the weight on their heart was also immediately removed.

In the distance, Deputy Commander Xie, who was about to continue to clamour, immediately panicked when he saw that Yang Feng had acknowledged the identity of Ye Qingyu.

At this time, it was already impossible for him to hide among the pile of people. He had no choice but to put on an awkward smile and explain, “Subordinate was unaware who I was dealing with. I did not know that Your Majesty had descended. I deserve to die ten thousand deaths for my crime... Generals, hurry pay respect to His Majesty the new Emperor.”

With that, Deputy Commander Xie respectfully kowtowed to Ye Qingyu.

The other Guardian soldiers of the borders, at the sight of this scene, also gradually reacted, sank to their knees and dared not to look straight at Ye Qingyu for fear of angering the new Emperor. The weapons in their hands also clattered to the ground.

“We pay respect to Your Majesty.”

The sound of almost one hundred thousand00 soldiers paying their respect, like the call of the mountains, reverberated across the entire Unmoving City of Darkness, pierced the sky, and instantly scattered the smoke and haze that shrouded the city. Bright and beautiful sunshine beamed through the dark clouds, lighting up the Unmoving City of Darkness that was saturated with blood and death.

“Knowing that I have come, how dare you do such a despicable thing?” Ye Qingyu fumed.

No one dared to answer.

All heads were as low as it could be.

“Pass on my order, within a quarter of an hour, the great army must withdraw from the Unmoving City of Darkness and set up an encampment hundreds of kilometers from the city.” Ye Qingyu’s white robe was as pure as snow, his black hair fluttering in the breeze, and he radiated an indescribable Emperor charm, like an Immortal, a deity. His words were like the law that no one dared to disobey. “Tell the other three chief commanders of the border to come see me in the Unmoving City of Darkness within half an hour. If they dare to be late, strip them off their rank and flow for thirty million kilometers”—— “

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1208:


Chapter 1223 - Box

A series of loud wails could be heard from the torture pillar at the top of the stone stairs.

After Sheng Lingzhi's dark bloodline had been extracted from him, he was completely useless. Naturally, the process of extracting his blood was a fate worse than death, but this was not yet the end. His sin caused the entire Unmoving City of Darkness to rise in anger and thus, they had subjected him to torture by slicing his body into thousands of pieces, so Shen Lingzhi constantly let out painful howls from the torture pillar.

Guo Yuan, He Yan, and Ran Guangyao knelt on the stone steps, not even daring to raise their heads.

They were the other three supreme commanders apart from Yang Feng, who represented the Royal City setting up camp along the one hundred fifty kilometer long great wall.

Ye Qingyu stood in the Nine Heavens and issued an edict, so the three supreme commanders who had been observing the situation did not dare resist the order and came to the Unmoving City of Darkness at the first instance. Then, they knelt outside the Divine Palace of Darkness and waited to be summoned by the new Emperor for questioning.

They used to be the lofty supreme commanders of the border, but now they were trembling in fear like helpless chickens trapped in a tempest.

Shen Lingzhi's terrified wails were like sharp knives that sliced at their hearts.

They all knew that Ye Qingyu was making an example of Shen Lingzhi as a warning to others.

Moreover, these three supreme commanders were actually more well-informed than Yang Feng since they were not involved in the attack on the Unmoving City of Darkness, and they were kept abreast of news from Royal City. Thus, they were shocked—the old sovereigns who were supposed to kill the new Emperor as part of the plan had yet to show themselves.

This news seemed ordinary, but those who had inside news were extremely terrified.

The sovereigns who were sent to kill the new Emperor had not appeared while the new Emperor returned safely to the Unmoving City of Darkness to issue a harsh edict, so they could imagine what had happened to those sovereigns who did not turn up.

The fact that something could have happened to these sovereigns seemed unbelievable, but that was the truth.

If the new Emperor had survived their attacks by a stroke of luck, he would have fled as far away as he could and he would have never appeared so publicly at the Unmoving City of Darkness; there was a high possibility that the new Emperor killed those sovereigns at the battlefield in space before he returned.

Shen Lingzhi's fate showed that he was just getting started.

Under the command of the bloodstained military counselor Wang Jianru, there was already a huge internal overhaul within the Unmoving City of Darkness and those military officers who had been accomplices of Shen Lingzhi and those who had helped Shen Lingzhi assassinate the loyal officials at court were rounded up and brought to trial. A very hardline stance had been taken against these people.

Ran Guangyao and the others were certain that after the Unmoving City of Darkness had been cleansed of Shen Lingzhi's followers, they and the other regular troops from the Guardians camp would be next. It was hard to predict how intense the bloodshed would be.

They felt as though they were sitting on an emotional rollercoaster and they were all gripped with an uneasiness that they had never felt before.

Within the Divine Palace of Darkness.

"Your Highness, the three supreme commanders have been kneeling outside the main hall for an hour," Lingyun reported deferentially. Everyone within the Unmoving City of Darkness was now aware of Ye Qingyu's identity and they all felt extremely grateful to Ye Qingyu for protecting them.

"Let them kneel for a while longer," he said.

The four supreme commanders were just pawns installed by Royal City to guard the great wall. He had already searched Yang Feng's memories and obtained some information, so he knew that these three supreme commanders were definitely not good men. They weren't the true masterminds who had colluded with the Invaders; they were all aware of what was happening when the battle had initially erupted, and had also agreed that Yang Feng could attack the Unmoving City of Darkness. None of them were good men, so if not for the fact that he could still make use of them, he would have already thrown them in jail.

Soon, the official administering the torture on Sheng Lingzhi entered the divine temple to report that he had completed the torture and that every single part of Shen Lingzhi had been sliced off. The soldiers within the city were full of bitter hatred toward this Sinner, who had colluded with outsiders to bring about such a big catastrophe upon the Unmoving City of Darkness, so now they were all fighting to devour a piece of his meat. Shen Lingzhi's physical body had been destroyed, so his spirit was the only thing left of him. The official administering the torture was enquiring how he should deal with Shen Lingzhi's spirit.

"Kill!" Song Xiaojun said.

He had already paid for his crimes and she wasn't a merciless person by nature, so she didn't want to continue torturing his spirit as well and wanted to consider this case closed.

The official administering the torture and Lingyun both left the divine temple.

Ye Qingyu and Song Xiaojun were the only ones left in the main hall.

"Brother Qingyu, how are your injuries?" Song Xiaojun was obviously most concerned about Ye Qingyu.

After she had almost lost him, she suddenly had a clearer view of things. Song Xiaojun had been moved by the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's choice and her determination to die for Ye Qingyu because of her love for him. At the same time, Song Xiaojun realized that life was unpredictable and an accident might befall them at any point in time, so she should treasure the present even more, as well as the people around her. No matter what would happen in the future, she didn't want to lose Ye Qingyu again.

"I'm fine," he said with a smile. He found peace and comfort when he looked at her face.

That battle in space had definitely been the most dangerous battle he had ever faced and he had almost been forced into a hopeless situation. If it hadn't been for Song Xiaojun awakening the complete version of the ancient True Phoenix blood at the very last moment, and for the True Phoenix fire suppressing the strength of a Martial Emperor, Ye Qingyu would have had to flee.

His injuries were extremely serious.

It wasn't an exaggeration to say that if a Martial Emperor's true body were to sustain any injuries, his cultivation level would fall, and his yuan qi had been so severely depleted that he had almost perished.

However, he could clearly sense that the world tree that had been extremely quiet all along in his dantian world had started to show signs of life that moved like a warm, clear spring toward every part of his body, gently healing his injuries and replenishing his yuan qi, which had almost been completely exhausted.

This was a mysterious force that made him realize that his injuries were healing many times faster than he had initially expected and as the world tree used its energy to replenish his yuan qi, his body seemed to be gradually undergoing some changes.

"You can still deal with matters in the outside world slowly. Brother Qingyu, you should attend to your injuries first," Song Xiaojun was like a loving wife and if people saw that the lofty Emperor of Darkness had such a gentle and tender side to her, they would surely gape in astonishment.

Ye Qingyu naturally took Song Xiaojun's hands in his and said, "I can't rest yet, I still have to settle some things... Xiaojun, now that you've already become an Emperor yourself, you'd be able to look down at everything in this world. I have nothing to worry about now that you're standing guard over the Unmoving City of Darkness, but things at Royal City have yet to settle down. I've issued an edict to form a new army before leaving Royal City and told them to report at the border of the great wall in three days, but the army has yet to appear even after ten days have passed. I guess I wasn't as fierce as I thought I had been at Royal City, so I need to return to Royal City and seize control of the Guardians camp, as well as the Sinners camp before I can truly relax."

Song Xiaojun was astonished.

The Ye Qingyu she knew wasn't somebody who lusted after power and authority, so why was he so anxious to unite the entire Dark Realm? Nonetheless, she vowed to help him achieve his goals, even if it meant a lifetime of battles and a lifetime of walking under fire. She wasn't afraid.

"I'm doing this for the impending huge catastrophe that would befall us all," he said, full of anxiety.

He didn't need to withhold anything from Song Xiaojun, so he told her everything that he knew, including his encounter with the nameless Quasi-emperor in the Underworld beneath the [Guanlan Mountain Manor], and the secrets that he had gleaned from him.

Song Xiaojun was extremely shocked after hearing his tale, especially when she heard about how the [Longevity Emperor], [Sea Sand Emperor], [Drifting Cloud Emperor] and the others had used their own bodies to nourish this world tree in the hopes of averting this destined fate. She was shocked by their tremendous sacrifices. If this secret were to be made known, she was sure that everyone in this world would be equally stunned.

Song Xiaojun finally realized why Ye Qingyu was so anxious to unite the entire Dark Realm.

"But Brother Qingyu, your injuries..." she became even more worried as it dawned on her how dangerous this mission was and how much resistance Ye Qingyu was about to face. After the Sky Emperor and his ilk had failed this time, they would definitely cook up all sorts of schemes to stop him from accomplishing his mission. This was especially so, since the Sky Emperor was not someone to give up easily.

Ye Qingyu replied confidently, "The benefits I've gained from this major battle have far surpassed the severity of my injuries. I'm sure the Sky Emperor will regret his decisions the next time we meet."

They hadn't met in a while, so now that they were in each other's company, they had a lot of things to say to each other.

Time ticked by.

It was already dark by the time Ye Qingyu emerged from the Divine Palace of Darkness.

The three supreme commanders had spent six hours kneeling on the stone stairs, but they didn't dare to utter a single word of complaint. When they saw Ye Qingyu emerge, their heads bowed even lower and their hearts sank. The sight of Ye Qingyu's feet was enough for them to feel a chill run down their spines.

"Head back and regroup your men. I want you to prepare to go to battle at any time," he said as he looked at the trio. He saw that they were scared stiff and all their haughtiness had left them, so he didn't pursue the matter.

The three supreme commanders let out sighs of relief.

They had expected Ye Qingyu to fly into a thunderous rage and mete out a severe punishment. They had even thought that they might die, but they hadn't expected him to let them off so easily after sending out such harsh summons. They felt as though they were just pulled from the jaws of death and the clothes on their backs were already soaked through with cold sweat.

They hurriedly thanked Ye Qingyu for his kindness and rose to their feet, not even asking why they should be on standby.

"Wait a minute," his voice rang out from behind.

Their knees quaked as they quickly turned around and waited quietly for their orders. They were extremely terrified that he might have changed his mind and decided that they were better off dead.

"Take these with you," he said.

Lingyun walked over slowly, carrying a box with black lacquer and golden markings.

The box wasn't that big and it was sealed tightly so they couldn't tell what was inside

Ran Guangyao accepted the box from Lingyun. He held it carefully and did not dare to question its contents. He bowed and held the box high as he said, "Many thanks, Your Highness."

"You may go. Remember to prepare for action since a big battle will unfold anytime soon. If I catch you slacking off, you should know what the consequences are," he said coldly and with an authority that brooked no defiance.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

