Chapter 785:


Chapter 802 - The Only Clue



Ye Qingyu became more impetuous than before.

Repressing his anger and impatience and holding back his heart, he walked around the scorched low ground and carefully searched for clues, hoping to find something about the assailants.

He knew that remaining calm was even more necessary during such moments.

However, aside from the Left Minister's broken arm, he did not find any body parts of Yu Xiaoxing and the other key members of the mission. Most importantly, he did not find a single trace of the assailants. Quite clearly, they had plotted this for a long time and made sound preparations so as to not leave anything behind.

This had been a successful surprise attack.

However, the bodies of several key members were missing, and judging from the auras on the scene, these people did not die.

"It seems that Xing'er and the rest might have escaped, or possibly... been captured... but at least they are still alive..." Having formulated a general judgment, Ye Qingyu finally heaved a sigh of relief.

This was a great fortune among the misfortunes.

The duo then proceeded to other parts of the battlefield to take a second look. Ye Qingyu once again confirmed that the surprise attack was conducted using methods which were not only extremely cruel but also highly ingenious, such that no apparent residual power, auras, or traceable clues had been left behind.

It was as if all of the energy waves and evidence had been deliberately erased or covered up by some highly skilled experts.

Approximately ten minutes later.

Ye Qingyu and Shuang Wuyan returned to the entrance of the formation.

The latter conversed for a bit with the Alliance of Domains' guards outside the formation, and only then found out that an inspection squad from the Alliance had arrived earlier and performed a search, but the results were not promising, and they did not obtain any useful clues.

How is this possible?

Surprise attack... killing... Such rampant movements on a large battlefield like this, but not a single clue?

Ye Qingyu could not take this for a fact.

Even if their movements had been more careful, there were bound to be flaws. Perfect plans did not exist in this world, just as perfect beings did not.

Without hesitation, Ye Qingyu darted once more toward the recesses of the battlefield, where he made all kinds of checks over and over, while perpetually releasing his consciousness power to inspect the auras in the Void above and the ground below.

However, he still found nothing.

By his eighth round of search, his face was gloomy and gushing with anger. He was on the verge of going ballistic.

"Impossible, impossible... there must be something left behind."

He was like a possessed man already.

Shuang Wuyan, who stood at the entrance of the formation in deep thought all this time, finally took action. The frosty power of a cold light suddenly served as a horizontal barrier in front of the careering Ye Qingyu, blocking the advance of his near-ballistic figure.

"You..."

Ye Qingyu looked bewilderedly at Shuang Wuyan.

"Trouble arises from haste. No need to be anxious." The latter's expression was cool, albeit his eyes remained somewhat grave. "This surprise attack came at full force but left not a trace, indicating that it had been plotted for long. The enemy's objective shouldn't simply be to destroy the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission, for that would be utterly meaningless. If I'm not wrong, there will be further developments down the road."

As if suddenly awakened, Ye Qingyu instantly calmed down.

Plotted for long...

A small envoy mission traveling on the road of chaos would never be eyed by a large force, and all the more would not be attacked using such cruel methods. In other words, the enemy's objective for the surprise attack was probably not just to destroy the envoy mission from a nameless domain.

There were certainly more important reasons beneath the surface.

What will they do next?

If they've captured the other mission members, they might even come for me next.

Ye Qingyu's train of thought gradually became clearer after the reminder from Shuang Wuyan.

He remained silent, forcing himself to calm down.

If he acted impetuously at this time, he would be susceptible to being led away by the nose subsequently.

Inhaling a deep breath, he turned his body to take another look at the scorched surface and corpses on the hillside. Then, letting out a long sigh, he felt an irrepressible grief in his heart, and decided that he would first bury the fallen Heaven Wasteland warriors with his own hands.

The first person was the logistics head, Liu Dong.

After gathering Liu Dong's broken body parts, Ye Qingyu used yuan qi to reconnect them and personally buried the body in a grave.

With a solemn and respectful expression on his face, he followed the route he walked along when he first entered the battlefield, gathering the bodies and personally burying every one of them.

After thirty minutes.

In front of the ruins of a tent.

He had properly buried every one of the corpses that had been piled into a hillock, leaving only the semi-nude women who were discarded in the blood lake. Their eyes were wide open in rage, indicating that they had fought until the very end. Unfortunately, they were unable to slay the enemies and suffered a tragic fate, and were even humiliated before their deaths...

Peering at the blood lake, Ye Qingyu felt terribly remorseful and guilty.

As a man from Heaven Wasteland Domain, it was unquestionably his fault for not protecting these women who left home for the sake of the Heaven Wasteland Dynasty.

In the Heaven Wasteland Domain, they were daughters, wives, and the kin of countless people who thought about them day and night.

At present, however, they had been subjected to the most brutal of humiliations and slaughters.

"Brothers and sisters, rest in peace... While you're in the embrace of the stars, just you watch. I, Ye Qingyu, vow on my soul that I'll definitely... avenge all of you!" Ye Qingyu clenched his teeth and vowed indignantly.

He took out some clothes from the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and wrapped them around the corpses of those women.

It's best to bury them with a bit more respectability.

After a while.

His countenance abruptly changed.

At that moment, he felt an indistinct and extremely strange aura emanating from the interior of one of the female corpses.

"This is evil qi..."

Kneading his brows, he disregarded gender decorum temporarily, releasing his divine sense to feel the aura carefully.

This kind of power again?!

Rage grew in his eyes as he clenched his teeth, making a crunching noise and nearly breaking his mouthful of steely teeth.

This was because he finally discerned that this trace of strange aura concealed a dark and evil power which was extremely similar to the aura on the bodies of those black skeletons in the 18th district of the Black Demon Pool - or rather, it was completely similar.

He had detected this kind of aura on the bodies of two people in the 18th district.

One of them was the perished Lu Li.

The other one was Yang Wanqu, who narrowly escaped.

"I should've thought of this earlier... Aside from that scumbag Yang Wanqu, who else could have done such a filthy thing!" This trace of aura revealed the identity of the culprit to Ye Qingyu, whose eyes contained two streaks of bright yellow flames that nearly became substance.

It must have been Yang Wanqu who did this.

While in the 18th district, Yang Wanqu had already become a lackey of the Four Stars holy girl, doing her bidding unquestioningly and receiving immense dark power thanks to her. After escaping alive from the 18th district, he most likely concealed his inner power and successfully left the Fierce Beast Peak. It did seem a little odd that, during the battle at the mountain manor, he did not appear despite being the holy girl's henchman. But now, it turned out that he was engaged in another task, and that was to attack the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission.

All of this made logical sense.

I can now confirm that Yang Wanqu did this...
Ye Qingyu squinted his eyes.
He's from the Black Moon Divine Palace, which is a good place to start finding him. And as long as I can find him, I'll certainly be able to acquire more information.

Having formulated a plan, Ye Qingyu slowly calmed down.

Fifteen minutes later.

Ye Qingyu had finally buried all of the corpses appropriately.

He returned to the entrance of the formation and discussed briefly with Shuang Wuyan. Without hiding anything, he told the elder about his acquired information and judgment. The latter did not doubt him at all and quickly formed a consensus with him. The duo then zipped their way into the Inferno City.

Every giant chaotic city would have a distribution of the stations of a few large forces.

As one of the large forces in the myriad domains, the Black Moon Divine Palace naturally had a station in the Inferno City. Having not found any clues in the ruins of the battlefield, Ye Qingyu decided to go to the Black Moon Divine Palace's station to see what he can find.

...

Approximately ten minutes later.

Beside the main street of the eastern area of Inferno City.

The Black Moon Divine Palace's station.

The black, round-moon high gate was firmly shut, and the rock walls that surrounded it was made out of a kind of black rock which contained formational power.

Ye Qingyu stood in front of the round-moon high gate.

Finding it hard to repress his inner anger, the power of thunder and lightning surged throughout his body as he prepared to force his way in. However, there remained a nagging scruple in his heart. The Black Moon Divine Palace was a large force after all, and moreover, there were laws in place in the Alliance of Domains and the Inferno City. If he really forced his way in, it would inevitably become something that could be used against him in the future by people with malintent toward him. This would certainly be most disadvantageous.

Just as he was caught in contemplation.

Beside him, Elder Shuang Wuyan suddenly burst forth a strange chilly power.

Boom!

The Black Moon Gate ahead was suddenly shattered into pieces by Shuang Wuyan's power of ice. At the same time, Shuang Wuyan's figure whizzed like lightning into the station.

A hint of amazement flashed across Ye Qingyu's eyes.

This emaciated elder usually looks apathetic no matter what happens. Moreover, as an elder of the Alliance of Domains, he should think a lot harder than me before doing something like this. Why does he suddenly seem like a totally different person, and even more anxious than me?

After a brief daze, he transformed into lightning and lost no time charging his way in. Following beside Shuang Wuyan, he broke into the station vigorously, with no intention of hiding. This was not going to be a quiet and sneaky investigation, for there was no time for that. And with rage burning ferociously in his heart, he more so wanted to exhibit his powerful side.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 786:


Chapter 803 - Powerful Destruction



The experts in the station of the Black Moon Divine Palace did not realize what was happening. For a very long time, the station had been known for being heavily fortified, and so few people would dare to cause trouble. The present situation, in which the gate was smashed and broken into, was something that had never happened before.

Therefore, when they saw that two people had forced their way in, the experts of the Black Moon Divine Palace were terrified, revealing shocked looks.

They seemed like they completely did not expect anyone to be brave enough to smash the Black Moon Gate and enter the auxiliary station of the Black Moon Divine Palace.

"Who goes there?"

"How dare you break the gate of the Black Moon Divine Palace, you must be courting death..."

"Hurry and scram!"

"Kill, kill them!"

After a brief shock, several dozen Black Moon Divine Palace experts regained their senses and delivered angry roars, as if they were jackals whose tails had been stepped on, before they surrounded the duo.

However...

Boom!

Ye Qingyu gave them absolutely no chance to act. With a casual swing of his hand, he exerted a palm which caused many ice phantoms to turn into dragon form. Emerging with a roar, these phantoms flickered with a brilliant splendor under the moonlight and lashed toward the surrounding guards.

"Puff!"

"Ah!!"

"Who's this... Audacious..."

The onrushing experts of the Black Moon Divine Palace fell heavily on the ground like dinghies beaten  down by a wave. Their bodies became covered in ice crystals all over and were unable to move.

"Dammit!"

"How dare you be this impudent!"

"Kill them!"

"Quick, send an alert and call for help."

Raging and howling, the injured experts were startled and enraged like never before. They never thought that the intruder would be this powerful. Piercing splendors immediately shot up into the air, cutting through the night sky and illuminating the surroundings such that it seemed like day. At the same time, formation beams flickered as an indeterminate number of formations were activated at this very instant, forming formation shields which stacked layer upon layer to protect the entire station within.

Angry yet cruel gleams flickered in the eyes of the experts.

The flames of fury destroyed their sense of reason.

Dressed in the standard battle robes of the Black Moon Divine Palace, these figures came bearing down like a torrent as they howled. They then struck out incessantly, hoping to pulverize Ye Qingyu and Shuang Wuyan so as to vent their own angers and defend the dignity of the Black Moon Divine Palace.

However, in the face of Ye Qingyu's might, this kind of counterattack was as effective as an ant trying to shake a tree.

Boom boom boom!

Ye Qingyu casually shot forth a chain of ice crystal snow dragons.

This caused the disciples of the Black Moon Divine Palace to spew blood and fly backward one after another.

The experts of the Black Moon Divine Palace were angered to their limits. If they could not kill the intruders, the 'face' of the Black Moon Divine Palace would be as good as trampled upon and flattened.

What they did not know was that Ye Qingyu was already showing mercy.

Although, like a volcano, the fury in Ye Qingyu's heart could erupt at any time, he had not lost his sense of reason and become wanton about killing. The most important thing to him was to find Yu Xiaoxing and the others. If he enraged his enemies, the probably-captured Heaven Wasteland envoys might suffer retaliation. Moreover, if he killed his enemies, there was a high chance that some scheming and treacherous people like the Four Stars holy girl would make use of the opportunity to turn the Heaven Wasteland Domain into a very dangerous place. He had gone through a tough time shaking off his wanted criminal tag, and could not afford to undo everything by losing his senses again.

To one side, Shuang Wuyan also struck out fiercely while holding back his techniques appropriately.

This ice-cold-natured elder knew full well that the purpose of breaking into the station was to find clues related to the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission, and not to kill.

However, the buildings in the Black Moon Divine Palace were not so fortunate.

The vigorous intrusion of these two experts had caused countless buildings to be destroyed and overturned and the pavilions to turn into ruins, filling the sky with smoke and dust. Many buildings which were painstakingly constructed by the Black Moon Divine Palace collapsed with a loud crash and became level to the ground.

Boom boom boom boom!

Terrifying bursting waves swept in all directions.

Possessing overbearing strength, the duo launched yet another sudden attack while holding back their anger. Although they did not kill, they were set on destroying this station and sent the disciples of the Black Moon Divine Palace flying through the air.

"Ah, who are you? You're too strong..."

"They are unstoppable. They must be Saints."

"Hey, are you mistaken? This is the Black Moon Divine Palace..."

A few experts began to shout, seeking to converse with the duo. They had begun to wise up after feeling the latter's might, and their anger had been quelled by the terrible threat they faced.

But...

"The Black Moon Divine Palace is precisely what I want to destroy," Ye Qingyu exclaimed. "Where's Yang Wanqu? Come out right now."

Boom!

Yet another symbolic divine statue collapsed.

The disciples of the Black Moon Divine Palace were sent flying one after another, spewing blood as they went.

The chill that pervaded the air rendered a few relatively weak disciples completely unable to get close to Ye Qingyu. Everything that moved within a hundred meters of him would become frozen. Only experts at the pinnacle of the Immortal Step realm and above were able to withstand this chill.

As Shuang Wuyan had also cultivated ice qi, he coordinated perfectly with Ye Qingyu. Each of them would offer one or two strokes whenever they met the occasional small-Saint expert, whose bodily yuan qi would be frozen at once and whose strength would be heavily reduced. Thereafter, these experts would become afraid to advance further, and could only fall back far behind.

In a twinkling, the Black Moon Divine Palace's station in the Inferno City had practically been toppled.

The Black Moon Divine Palace had several thousand disciples garrisoned here, but the strongest one among them was only a Saint, who was given special treatment by Shuang Wuyan. Within three damaging strokes, the Saint spewed blood and fell back. When they saw such a scene, the remaining disciples were scared stiff.

"Elder Lin has been defeated..."

"How... is this possible... and who exactly are they? Could it be the successor of some super force and his guardian Saint?"

"We haven't provoked any mad geniuses from a super force recently, have we? Super forces which have cultivated the ice-attribute yuan qi... The Heavenly Chill Divine Palace, perhaps? Actually no, they don't have people like this."

"Did you not hear that young expert asking Brother Yang Wanqu to come out?"

"Maybe Brother Yang Wanqu provoked some people he shouldn't have?"

The surroundings became disorderly.

These disciples, who would normally be considered powerful within the Inferno City, had become like a nest of sparrows that had been poked by a rod. They were in a complete mess, and those elaborately-designed formations and protective shields collapsed upon the first blow. An elder and a youth was all it took to knock down the entire station.

"Yang Wanqu, still not coming out? Are you going to let me kill all your people?" Ye Qingyu's voice was callous and ice-cold, containing an undisguised murderous spirit. As it reverberated in the Void, it caused the Black Moon Divine Palace disciples on all sides to tremble involuntarily.

"Brother Yang... Yang Wanqu... isn't here," Elder Lin, that defeated, blood-spewing Saint said with a startled look. "Your Honor, what has Brother Yang Wanqu done to offend you? Perhaps there's a misunderstanding."

"Misunderstanding? If so, get him to explain it," Ye Qingyu shouted.

"This..." Elder Lin became slightly hesitant.

"Get lost. Don't cause trouble for yourself... Anyone who gets in the way shall die." Shuang Wuyan strode forward with menacing vigor, and would brook no more delay by Elder Lin. With a murderous spirit wreathing his entire body, he walked closely past the Black Moon Divine Palace disciples, who became seized with terror and quickly fell back when he passed by.

Of course, Ye Qingyu would not believe Elder Lin's words.

In any case, he was intent on turning this station upside down in his search. Since he had confirmed that Yang Wanqu participated in the attack on the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission, the Black Moon Divine Palace could never wash off its connection to the matter. Furthermore, this station was the closest place to the site of the incident, and so Yu Xiaoxing and the others were likely to be imprisoned here if they had been captured. This was why he was adamant on performing a search by himself.

The scene was disorderly like no other.

The Black Moon Divine Palace station was in utter shambles and had nearly been ice-sealed.

The duo crudely turned the entire place upside down. They opened the arsenal and treasure rooms and destroyed all of the inhibiting formations, leaving nothing untouched.

During the search process, the majority of the disciples only dared to stand by the side clamoring and threatening, without daring to get close and attack. Occasionally, a few relatively high-strength supervisors would try to obstruct Ye Qingyu and Shuang Wuyan, but they would swiftly be sent flying, such that there was no possibility of another fight.

Gradually, all of the supervisors and disciples became aware that the strength of this elder-and-youth duo, neither of whom carried any noticeable aura, surpassed that of everyone else present combined. The duo thus rendered the presence of everyone else insignificant, and could not be withstood.

After thirty minutes.

While surrounded by the disciples of the Black Moon Divine Palace, the duo searched through the entire station but did not find anything. There were no traces of Yu Xiaoxing and the others, and not even anything related to the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission. Neither was there any trace of Yang Wanqu.

This greatly disappointed the duo.

However, on second thought, Ye Qingyu remembered that Yang Wanqu was a considerably important person who was supported by the Four Stars holy girl. Given Yang Wanqu's scheming subtlety, had he captured members of the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission, he would certainly hide them in a highly secret place and not somewhere so obvious.

"What should we do?" Sweeping a glance across the trembling disciples, Ye Qingyu restrained his killing intent and rapidly contemplated.

I must think of a way to get Yang Wanqu to come to me on his own accord.

And force him to reveal himself.

As he thought about this, a tinge of ruthlessness flashed across his eyes. He promptly flew into mid-air, where he gently tapped his fingers and pinched out a formation beam which flickered a faint yellow halo. A large ancient character was formed, seemingly containing an extremely terrifying ancient power. It instantly squeezed the protective formation, which shrouded above the station, into lightless broken shadows that dispersed in all directions.

Subsequently, the yellow halo-flickering formation covered the entire station completely.

Standing in the middle of the station, the Black Moon Divine Palace elders and disciples instantly felt an extremely majestic and hard-to-resist pressure coming onto every one of them. This power not only inhibited their bodily yuan qi, but also caused their blood vessels to coagulate at a very subtle speed.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 787:


Chapter 804 - Who is... Ye Qingyu?



Standing tall in the Void, Ye Qingyu's long hair flowed like a waterfall while his white changshan fluttered in the wind. His body emanated a thin layer of bright yellow Immortal qi, resembling a supreme Immortal banished into the world.

"Within three days, using whatever method you may, you all must make Yan Wanqu appear. Otherwise, your muscles will freeze, your bones will atrophy, your yuan qi will dry up, and your blood qi will be exhausted. When that time comes, all of you will be buried here!" Ye Qingyu's voice was intangibly harsh, like that of a fiendgod pronouncing judgment.

Below, every one of the Black Moon Divine Palace disciples was panic-stricken like never before.

They appallingly discovered that, beneath the wreathing of the formation radiance, a hard-to-describe chill emanated from Ye Qingyu's hands and instantly pervaded the entire station, rooting them to the spot and taking away their ability to move. Even the Saint-realm Elder Lin lost his ability to resist and move, and the power in his body was sealed.

Furthermore, the entire station was wreathed by this power of ice and seemingly turned into an ice field. It became isolated from the world, such that external auras could no longer be felt.

"If Yang Wanqu doesn't appear, I'll keep on looking for him, and keep on trampling the Black Moon Divine Palace into dust, such that the lot of you will be forever shamed... You over there, you can go out and impart my words to the leaders of the Black Moon Divine Palace." Ye Qingyu released a disciple whose strength was insignificant.

The disciple ran off at full speed.

As he looked all around, Ye Qingyu seemed as if he suddenly thought of something.

He zipped in front of the station's gate, and, with a flip of a phantom hand, took down the black plaque with golden sketch patterns that was hung on the Black Moon Gate.

This black plaque was written with the four large words ‘Black Moon Divine Palace’.

It was left behind by the founding ancestor of the Black Moon Divine Palace.

This ancestor was once an eccentric person among the Vast Thousand Domains. His strength was unfathomable and could match that of a Quasi-emperor. He was once considered a brilliant and illustrious being who controlled the fortunes of the Vast Thousand Domains. When he founded the Black Moon Divine Palace, he called himself the Black Moon Immortal. Unfortunately, he later failed in his quest to attain the Emperor realm, causing his lofty aspirations to become weary. He thereafter diverted his attention to developing his sect disciples, abandoning his ambitions to become a martial emperor. However, the Black Moon Divine Palace he founded would ultimately become a sect which was passed down for an incomparably long time.

Later on, after innumerable years, the Black Moon Immortal exhausted his lifespan and died a natural, illness-free death, and could be said to have come to a good end.

To the Black Moon Divine Palace, his writings were sacred objects.

Even though the words on this plaque were not actually his writing, the plaque nevertheless represented the face and glory of the Black Moon Divine Palace. In the Vast Thousand Domains, taking off a sect's plaque was as good as forming an eternal enemy, for it was a show of utter disrespect. That was why many of the disciples became enraged when they saw Ye Qingyu doing this.

However, anger without strength was just anger.

Under the watch of countless pairs of eyes, Ye Qingyu kept the plaque into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

"If the Black Moon Divine Palace doesn't hand Yang Wanqu over within three days, I shall use this board as firewood!"

He raved once more.

The gate plaque of the Black Moon Divine Palace's station was not only taken down but would also serve as firewood. As a large force, the Black Moon Divine Palace had never been this shamed before.

While still watched on by the disciples, the duo disappeared into the night sky.

Waves gently diffused.

A storm was brewing.

These were what Ye Qingyu needed.

He wanted to display his strength, create waves, and attract attention, in order to force the Black Moon Divine Palace to take action and provide explanations or... to let the cat out of the bag.

...

The second day.

The Black Moon Divine Palace's station has been wrecked?!

Overnight, this explosive piece of news spread crazily, as if it had put on wings, from the Inferno City to the entire road of chaos, and even to the Alliance of Domains and various large forces, arousing everyone's shock.

Although the Black Moon Divine Palace was not some super top-tier large force among the myriad domains, it was nevertheless a sect passed down from ancient times, steeped in rich culture, and thus its repute and influence could not be overlooked.

Furthermore, for several hundred years, there had not been such an incident in which the station of a large force was swiftly invaded, with its gate plaque taken away, and all its elders and disciples rooted to the spot.

Spreading across the entire chaotic world, this piece of news served more like a slap in the face of the Black Moon Divine Palace, in front of everyone else.

Following the speedy transmission of this piece of news, opinions and guesses gradually proliferated on all sides.

"What has the Black Moon Divine Palace done? They seem to have provoked a wasp nest..."

"Who knows. They are always abetting evil, and have offended quite a number of forces."

"Haha, doesn't matter who he is. What a cracking slap to the face!"

"I wonder which force the aggressor is from. I heard that the station is guarded by three small-Saint elders and a Saint-level being called Han Li. He normally acts tough, but I heard that he was dealt three strikes by the invaders and was bloodily defeated!"

"Could it be...
that
person?"

"Who? Who's
that
person?"

"That unrivaled being who walked out of the 18th district."

"It can't be. Given that being's status, he wouldn't cause trouble in a puny little station. If he really wanted to deal with the Black Moon Divine Palace, he would have gone to wreck the true mountain gate of the Black Moon Divine Palace, rather than cause such a small stir."

"A small stir? You talk so easily, this wasn't just some small stir. He sealed the station and took away the gate plaque of the Black Moon Divine Palace, an ancient sect that has been around for ages. Even though it's a little decadent now, it's still a top-rate sect, no? What's more, it's supported by the colossus that is the Four Stars Sect. Everyone knows that these two sects are allies which grow and fall together."

Discussions were abound throughout the Inferno City.

Countless people were astonished by the previous night's happenings.

Within the Alliance of Domains, the nineteen cities of chaos had never been calm, but nothing like this had ever happened before either. This was a huge disturbance, causing many sharp minds among them to sense the portent of a coming storm. Big things were about to happen.

Conversely, those who could not understand the situation treated the matter as an after-dinner joke which they took delight in discussing on the streets.

Who exactly is the villain in this story?

Are there any large forces or beings supporting him?

How will the Black Moon Divine Palace respond?

For a time, opinions and guesses regarding this matter became a hot talking point among the forces of various alignments and experts of various paths.

...

Another day went by.

Still in shock, the various forces received yet more shocking news.

Within a day, the Black Moon Divine Palace's stations in the three nearest giant cities to the Inferno City had also been thunderously toppled, and their gate plaques were taken away. A strange ice formation was used to root all their disciples to the spot.

Again.

The same thing has happened again.

Gosh, has the world gone mad?

In other words, within two days, four stations of the Black Moon Divine Palace in giant cities had been wrecked by the same people using the same methods!

To the chaotic world, the toppling of the Black Moon Divine Palace's stronghold in the Inferno City was already a huge event that had not happened for several hundred years. Yet, within a day, three more strongholds in other giant cities were successively toppled. Such a situation could not be as simple as a personal grudge.

Someone was directly provoking and confronting the Black Moon Divine Palace!

The ever-intensifying situation sent shockwaves down the road of chaos, causing huge uproars among the various forces. Many curious experts even advanced to the four giant cities to investigate.

"My take is that the Black Moon Divine Palace has plucked the whiskers of a tiger and attracted huge trouble!"

"Nothing as explosive as this matter has happened in the chaotic cities for a long time, hahaha..."

"The Black Moon Divine Palace has always been fond of playing up to and associating with super forces, while bullying weaker forces. Normally, they would never provoke someone they know they shouldn't. I wonder, which force could be supporting this act of humiliation?"

"These aren't normal times. The super forces are doing everything to find out the whereabouts of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. Who would have time for the puny Black Moon Divine Palace!"

"I think so too. Perhaps the antagonist is indeed related to the Quasi-emperor. You should know that the Black Moon Divine Palace once caused trouble for the descendants of the Quasi-emperor and took away his relics!"

"Hahaha, if that's the case, the Black Moon Divine Palace will soon become the Black Moon Dead Palace."

All kinds of discussions took place for a time.

While the various forces were busy guessing, some more oh-so-shocking news was suddenly heard...

The identity of the assailant became public knowledge.

The person who toppled the four stations of the Black Moon Divine Palace was a human from the Heaven Wasteland Domain called Ye Qingyu!

Ye Qingyu?

Many people were briefly taken aback.

They completely could not figure out who he was.

However, the Heaven Wasteland Domain's name was better known, because discussions of its domain rating affair and its emergence as a new domain were prevalent at different times in the various giant cities. Whenever a new domain emerged, it would become a focal point for some time, for it represented new opportunities and power territories. Many large forces would take action to seize a new domain. In particular, those new domains which contained cultivation resources would be contended for and might even spark inter-domain wars.

Conversely, the name Ye Qingyu was rarely heard.

After all, people mostly cared about new domains for their cultivation resources and territory, and wanted to know which big bully eventually ate this fat piece of meat. As for the people in this domain... Hoho, who ever cared about the feelings of a bunch of ants? Nobody needed to know which ant was the strongest among the bunch, let alone what the name of the strongest ant was.

Although some important people with insider knowledge already knew about the weight that Ye Qingyu carried, information about him was only spread within a small circle, and was not widely known.

But this time, the name Ye Qingyu attracted the attention of countless people.

Subsequently, a lot of attention was placed on him.

"This fella named Ye Qingyu, what is his origin? A lower domain loser of the Heaven Wasteland Domain? How can someone like him possess such strength? Isn't it too imprudent for a lone wolf to confront a sect? Could he be backed by someone?"

Someone asked in unprecedented astonishment.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 788:


Chapter 805 - Great Saint Zhong Yuan



Following the spike in focus, Ye Qingyu's identity and origin, as well as his recent experiences, gradually became public knowledge and were heavily discussed. The legends about him also began to spread throughout the streets and alleys of the nineteen cities of chaos, becoming hot topics among countless beings.

"Did you know? Actually, Ye Qingyu isn't that simple. I heard that he was one of the young Heaven's pridelings who walked out of the 18th district of the Black Demon Pool, causing countless shockwaves. Before that, he massacred the Black Armor Race, but was then bailed out by the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race. More strangely, even that haughty Celestial Phoenix Maiden, the jewel of the insufferably-arrogant Phoenix Race, fought alongside him, and is said to think highly of this lower domain kid..."

"Did this really happen, or is it just a false report? Based on what you said, both the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race and the jewel of the Phoenix Race favor him, is that right?"

"That may not be the case. Things are never so simple. Perhaps there are stories we don't know of. Everyone has made their own guesses on this. That kid might have found some opportunity in the 18th district, or even a matrimonial destiny, hahaha..."

"It ain't that simple. The mysterious elder on the Fierce Beast Peak that time is said to very likely be the [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] of old. It's alleged that he's also standing with Ye Qingyu and appreciates him greatly..."

"Do you all know? News from the Inferno City says that Ye Qingyu firmly believes that the chief culprit of the sudden attack on the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission is Yang Wanqu, the successor of the Black Moon Divine Palace. That's why he launched a night attack on their stations.

"Hahaha, I don't always believe what you say, but I do know for sure that bullying a nameless and young domain is something the Black Moon Divine Palace would do!"

The discussions were widespread.

Their focus was, invariably, a young man from the Heaven Wasteland Domain named Ye Qingyu.

Over these few days, many people learned that a lower domain fellow called Ye Qingyu had stirred up a huge storm within the nineteen cities of chaos. This kind of story was something which the older generations of experts might be familiar with, for many domineering characters had created similar legendary tales during their periods of uprising and decline.

That was why, although all kinds of guesses and discussions were made regarding this sensational piece of news, there was one fact which the covertly-attentive forces and experts could not deny.

And that was that a new genius was beginning to rise among the myriad domains.

The name Ye Qingyu gained fame at last.

...

For a short time, a storm raged throughout the nineteen cities of chaos. Countless forces and experts looked on and awaited the response of the Black Moon Divine Palace, which had been caught in this stormy whirlpool.

As an ancient sect which had innumerable years of inheritance, the Black Moon Divine Palace possessed sky-high renown and status in the myriad domains. To be so easily provoked and shamed by a human from a small and nameless domain was definitely something they could not tolerate. If they did not respond in good time, they would surely become the laughing stock of the Vast Thousand Domains.

Finally, after news of the toppling of the stations in the four giant cities had spread completely, the Black Moon Divine Palace formulated its countermeasure...

They sent experts to the Inferno City.

In order to resolve the matter that was the toppling of the stations, the Black Moon Divine Palace displayed great strength, dispatching six Saint Realm experts, among whom was an elder called Zhong Yuan whose honorific title was the [Moon Chasing Fire Lord]. He had attained the Great Saint realm a hundred years ago, and was a true old-timer and an abominable being. He was one of the three remaining top-notch combatants of the Black Moon Divine Palace, and was already more than nine thousand years into his lifespan. He had previously been illustrious for countless eras, and was even older than the [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

Innumerable pairs of eyes gazed at the Inferno City.

Six Saint-level experts whose auras were peerlessly vigorous revealed themselves in the sky above the Inferno City imposingly. When the elder with white brows and beard appeared together with the other five Saints of the Black Moon Divine Palace, the gathering crowd of experts began to feel a hard-to-resist Great Saint pressure.

This was the power of a Great Saint.

The [Moon Chasing Fire Lord] Zhong Yuan looked all around and then rumbled in a voice like that of a death god pronouncing judgment, "Anyone who dares to sully the Black Moon Divine Palace's name shall get their spirit destroyed and be doomed for eternity!"

The Great Saint power instantly spread in all directions.

Countless onlooking experts in the Void swiftly changed countenance and began to panic.

The Great Saint's speech effectively sentenced Ye Qingyu to death.

Rumor had it that Zhong Yuan's lifespan was running out, and so he normally remained in isolation and soaked himself in high-level Origin liquid to maintain his vitality. The fact that he left the headquarters to come here testified to the Black Moon Divine Palace's determination regarding this matter. Whenever a Great Saint was dispatched, it meant that thunderous and awe-inspiring methods would be employed.

The first step and top priority was to undo the seal on the station.

A squad immediately arrived in the air above the station, which had been sealed like a grave of ice and snow.

"Remove!" Standing tall in the Void, an expressionless Zhong Yuan spoke slowly.

Five Great Saints stood tall on different sides of the Void and delivered bursts of vigorous flames toward the station below. Shooting forth like vipers, these five bursts of red flames each contained a blazing splendor that emanated a frightening aura.

The splendor circulations were as glossy as lapis.

Almost instantly, the flames completely surrounded the ice formation lodged on the station, as if a large ice cube had been placed in a blazing furnace.

The power of fire instantly spread across the entire ice formation.

Every one of the onlooking experts on all sides of the Void was stunned on the spot.

To use the power of fire to melt the ice formation was something which was discussed by these Saint Realm experts before they came. They had spent time observing this formation, but could not discern any openings on it, and thus could only use this method. Because the disciples trapped inside the formation were joined to the ice, forcefully destroying the formation would cause them to perish. Therefore, the only way to save them was to crack the formation.

With glowing eye beams, Zhong Yuan peered in the direction of the burning flames, a hint of cynicism outpouring involuntarily from his eyes.

To him, this ice formation, which was completely devoid of any high-level aura, would be shattered in a single blow, instantly turning into gas and disappearing in front of everyone.

However, several dozen breaths' worth of time went by.

Under the continual burning of the flames, something incredible "occurred".

Countless pairs of eyes saw that the flame-engulfed ice formation remained firm, and even its corners were completely undamaged!

The breaking of the ice formation had failed!

The onlooking experts in the Void were astounded.

A single stone had stirred up a thousand ripples.

Zhong Yuan was slightly stupefied.

What's going on?

He could not discern its mysteries.

Thus, he personally took action. A frightening Great Saint pressure rocked the world, causing many people to turn pale and grow fearful. A black eyebeam shrouded the air above the station, as the power of fire grew until even the Void was nearly ignited.

However, the formation still did not break.

A Great Saint-level expert was also unable to break Ye Qingyu's formation.

Goodness gracious.

The onlookers were dumbstruck.

This piece of news instantly spread from the Inferno City to the various giant cities in all directions, setting off a new round of enthusiastic discussion.

"The Black Moon Divine Palace's Saints and even their Great Saint-level experts are unable to break a formation set up by a human youth from a tiny domain?!"

"I really wonder what heavenly treasures Ye Qingyu obtained in the 18th district for him to be able to set up such a powerful formation."

"Looks like these Great Saint-level experts may not be a match for Ye Qingyu's party."

"Haha... This situation is becoming interesting..."

In the Void.

With a gloomy and sullen expression on his face, Zhong Yuan made several more attempts to break the ice formations in the four stations, exerting an overbearing pressure and terrifying strength, but eventually gave up when all of his attempts failed.

With the formation yet unbroken, the disciples remained ice-sealed within.

For some time, everywhere was in a state of uproar.

The six grandiosely-arriving but now-looking-embarrassed Saint-level experts, especially the Great Saint Zhong Yuan, became laughing stocks in the eyes of the onlooking forces.

This piece of news certainly delivered a fresh and resonant slap to the face of the ancient sect that was the Black Moon Divine Palace.

Unable to break the formation, the Black Moon Divine Palace sank into embarrassment.

Two hours later, Zhong Yuan put out news for Ye Qingyu to get his ass in front of them immediately to have a direct confrontation. Zhong Yuan declared that he was willing to provide a comprehensive explanation, that would definitely satisfy Ye Qingyu, regarding the attack on the Heaven Wasteland Domain, and would also provide an answer to everyone who was concerned about this matter.

"Hoho, this Zhong Yuan is certainly shameless enough to request a direct confrontation. It's obviously because he cannot break the formation that he wants Ye Qingyu to come forth."

"Indeed. Ye Qingyu would just hide away if he's smart enough. If he really comes, he would absolutely not be Zhong Yuan's match and would be beaten up by the Black Moon Divine Palace, which has done this sort of thing many times before and always under the banner of 'justice'."

"That's right. This old fart Zhong Yuan has a toxic mind."

Several people with insider knowledge scoffed at the Black Moon Divine Palace's words. In particular, those who understood Zhong Yuan were even more disdainful, for he had gained notoriety for his malicious and sinister ways. Though he had been absent for quite a few years now, many people remained clear about his personality.

How will Ye Qingyu respond?

Countless people awaited the next development of this situation.

As the onlooking experts waited in anticipation and curiosity, a piece of news finally arrived.

"Have you heard? Ye Qingyu has returned word, telling the Black Moon Divine Palace not to say useless stuff, and that they either hand over Yang Wanqu or release the people of the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission, or otherwise, he'll take further action."

"Further action?"

"Indeed. News from the other cities claims that Ye Qingyu has threatened to destroy the Black Moon Divine Palace's other stations in the nineteen cities of chaos if Yang Wanqu doesn't appear within three days."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

