Chapter 1305:


Chapter 1318 The Other End

During this period of time, Ye Qingyu was in the Sky Dragon Mountain Range.

He welcomed people of all backgrounds, but he would definitely not accept garbage into his school.

All one hundred and eight stone bridges were reinforced by the secret technique created from the one hundred eight ancient characters. In the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, this particular kind of secret formation magic, which had been created from various reincarnations of the Divine Light Emperor to handle the major fiendgods from different space-times, displayed its incomparable might. In particular, some secret techniques from the ancient characters had been inscribed on the stone bridges that could reveal one's inner thoughts.

Anyone who walked on the stone bridges would have their inner thoughts completely read by the stone bridges. A few of their memories might even be read by them.

Ye Qingyu had no interest in spying on the private thoughts of others. He set a parameter that animated the stone bridges. They could instantly make judgments after reading the participant's thoughts. Ye Qingyu himself did not have to spend any extra effort to think about which ones were suitable to join his dojo.

However, those that had joined the selection with ulterior motives were ousted.

As were those who had evil thoughts.

These were the "selection standards".

Aside from this, the participants' aptitude, age, constitution, or race were not taken into consideration. Even those who once fought against the Heaven Wasteland Empire could be accepted into the Immortal Dojo.

Just these two simple requirements, however, ousted countless numbers of participants.

After half a year, hundreds of thousands of beings had already been accepted into the Immortal Dojo. Ye Qingyu had no intention of stopping the selection process; the doors of his school would always be open to truly pure-hearted beings. The stone bridges were there to stay, and anyone could join the Immortal Dojo if he or she passed the selection.

On the other hand, Ye Qingyu did not give advice to the disciples in the dojo personally.

He merely observed how they trained and practiced martial arts.

The continuous reincarnation of the Divine Light Emperor was the result of his reflections. If that had not been the case, the later events would not have happened. As the 108th reincarnation, Ye Qingyu did not have to reflect further. He began to reflect on life and on all living beings in this world.

This type of reflection was based on observing the martial arts foundations of these beings.

He did not observe the experts that had already reached the Great Saint or Quasi-emperor realms. Instead, he focused on ordinary people, especially those that had passed selection and were just getting their first taste of martial arts. He looked at how they trained and thought. He observed everyone, which gave him hundreds of thousands of results and thoughts.

Ye Qingyu was beginning to understand the [War God Sword Mantras] created by the peerless War God.

Human King, Divine Emperor, Life!

These were the three great levels of the [War God Sword Mantras].

Before this, Ye Qingyu felt that he had already completely understood all three levels of the [War God Sword Mantras]. He felt that their power was indeed alarming, but upon close observation, it was not much different from the fiendgod techniques of the bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. However, during his time in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, he realized that he could have been wrong.

That was especially true in regards to the [Life Sword Mantra], whose essence had begun to increase.

This small increase made Ye Qingyu realize that he still had some way to go to complete his mastery of the [Life Sword Mantra].

Understanding the mantra was not as simple as Ye Qingyu thought and was not superficial at all.

From the scene of hundreds of thousands of Immortal Dojo disciples practicing martial arts, Ye Qingyu once again felt the power of life.

Ye Qingyu stood at the entrance to the previous Ancient Sky Dragon Palace and the current Immortal God Palace and looked down at the dojo. He was deep in thought, and at this moment, a look of surprise appeared on his face.

"Eh? A moldable talent has arrived today and he has iron willpower. Such kind of talent can only be found once every millennium... Hmm, there's no need for him to go through selection, he can enter directly."

Ye Qingyu's expression of surprise turned into a grin.

Of course, he had to give special treatment to true budding talent.

Otherwise, how would others know about him?

...

...

The barbarian youth gritted his teeth and took in a deep breath of air before hobbling up to the stone bridge in front of him.

"Haha, that young barbarian is nearly a cripple... yet he still wants to pass selection?"

"The barbarians once betrayed Great Emperor Ye Qingyu and the Heaven Wasteland Empire. How dare they join the selection?"

"Lowly and crass people. He'll definitely fall off the stone bridge."

The people behind him taunted him, and waves of cold words of disdain rang out.

The other races did not have a good impression of the barbarians. This was because they were a violent and bloodthirsty race, and in particular, the White Mountain Black Waters Barbarians had betrayed the Heaven Wasteland Empire. Even though there was a force from a foreign domain controlling them, after that incident, the reputations of the barbarians in the Heaven Wasteland Empire greatly decreased, and even their kin in the Great Northwestern Desert were being outcast.

It was no exaggeration to say that the barbarians had been scrapping for survival over the last few years, and their strength had been greatly reduced.

Even though the Heaven Wasteland Empire did not officially suppress the barbarians, they had already lost their honor. This youth was the first barbarian to appear for the selection to become a disciple of the Immortal Dojo.

The youth wobbled the instant he stepped on the stone bridge and nearly fell off.

A huge wave of laughter immediately rang out from the crowd far behind him.

However, just at this moment, something incredible happened.

A milky-white splendor suddenly surged out of the stone bridge, engulfing the barbarian youth's entire body. A strange energy began to flow, and it was dazzling. It instantly attracted the attention of everyone from the north face plaza of Heaven's Wrath Gorge.

"What's going on?"

"This... Nothing like this has ever happened in the past."

"That light..."

"Could it be that this barbarian boy angered the Immortal God Emperor?"

All beings on the north face that caught sight of this were greatly surprised. After the Immortal Dojo began accepting disciples, this was the first time the stone bridges had functioned differently. Such a change was not observed before, no matter how great the talent.

The milky-white ball of light surrounding the barbarian youth dissipated amidst a chorus of surprised debates going on behind him.

"Heavens..."

"He's fine... no, not only is he fine, his wounds are gone..."

Some martial arts experts who were extremely sharp could tell at first sight that the wounds on the barbarian youth had completely disappeared. His crippled leg was restored to perfect condition, and he had regained sight in his blind eye. His body had regenerated to its prime condition, full of blood qi. His health and strength were at their peak.

So, is the stone bridge healing and restoring this barbarian youth?

This... Why?

Just as all the other beings were perturbed, an authoritative and clear voice traveled down from the Sky Dragon Peak.

"White Mountain Black Water, the Great Northwestern Desert, which barbarian tribe are you from?"

The voice sounded distant yet near, somehow as if the speaker was standing right beside their ears. The vague authority projected made every being feel a heart-stopping fear. This was a being's natural instinct to submit to a higher being, and they felt as though their souls were shaking.

It was the Immortal God Emperor!

They had not seen the Immortal God Emperor for the past seven months, and now he was speaking to them personally.

Boom!

A commotion was created among all the creatures on the north face of Heaven's Wrath Gorge.

A hard to describe excitement pervaded the air.

Many people could sense that something great was about to happen.

The barbarian youth, who was now on the stone bridge, felt the pain in his body drift away and his vigor replenish. At first, he was still a little perturbed. However, after hearing the question from above, even if his brain was made of muscles, it reacted.

The Immortal God Emperor was asking him.

"I... I come from the White Mountain Black Waters Barbarians, the Mogan Riverwitch divine temple branch..." he stammered.

The expressions of the beings that were staring at the youth from a distance changed at this instant.

This tribe was the same one that had betrayed Great Emperor Ye Qingyu and the Heaven Wasteland Empire that year.

"Good, you have strong willpower and an unmatched will to learn martial arts. Will you be willing to be taken in as my disciple?" Ye Qingyu's voice rang out from the Sky Dragon Peak again.

"I'm willing," the barbarian youth replied loudly, managing to react only after ten breath cycles.

His body began to tremble with excitement as he spoke, and tears fell uncontrollably.

The Great Emperor has taken me in.

The Great Emperor had really taken him in, and even made an exception to receive him as an official disciple. This meant that aside from the Six Great Disciples and the first batch of two hundred official disciples, he would be ranked as the number one disciple of the Immortal Dojo.

"Mother, Father, fellow tribesmen, I'll train hard and follow at the Great Emperor's side to regain the honor of our Mogan River tribe!" the youth shouted hoarsely.

Eventually, he was directly engulfed by a white splendor from the stone bridge and brought away to an unknown location.

The beings on the north face plaza on Heaven's Wrath Gorge had still not recovered from their shock.

They did not expect that the Immortal God Emperor would take in a barbarian youth from a rebel race the first time he showed himself. Over the past seven months, countless prodigies and heroes with alarming talent had gone through selection. A few of them did not pass, and even those that did were not personally received by the Immortal God Emperor anyway.

Could it be that a hidden secret was contained within this barbarian youth?

Those who had taunted the youth earlier on were speechless now, and their expressions were extremely ugly.

The barbarian youth had been handpicked by the Immortal God Emperor, and how far could his future achievements go?

They would be doomed if he remembered their acts from today.

A few looks of pity were cast on this group of unfortunate souls.

However, hundreds of millennia later, the same youth, who had become the most fearsome and untouchable Barbarian God of the Immortal God Emperor, did not even bother with the ridicule he received today. After all, why would a majestic god bother with the disrespect of a few ignorant creatures?

...

The white glow dissipated and the barbarian youth arrived at the other end.

A vast plaza was before him. It looked even more immense than the Sky Dragon Mountain Range, and the white stone pavement stretched far into the horizon. It gave him the feeling that the entire plaza was floating on clouds. It was huge, overwhelmingly huge.

Incredibly huge.

A few simple stone tables were erected in the plaza.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1306:


Chapter 1319 - The Dojo

There seemed to be words carved on the stone tablet but the young man couldn't really make out the words since he was standing a distance away. There also seemed to be several men either standing or sitting in front of the stone tablet. These men looked like they were in the midst of a discussion as they examined it.

There was a statue made of white jade in the distance. It was a statue of a person with a determined gaze, clad in armor and a flowing cape, who held a large sword. It seemed extremely realistic and gave off a heroic air. It was a statue of an unfamiliar person who was neither a historical character nor a hero of the current times.

There were also several people who sat cross-legged around the statue; their eyes were fixed on the statue as though the most incredible scenery could be found above it. They simply couldn't tear their eyes away.

Those people in front of both the stone tablet and the statue were probably those who had joined the Immortal Dojo, right?

Was this what the Immortal Dojo truly looked like?

The young man looked in confusion at these disciples who seemed like they were cultivating. He couldn't understand what they were doing.

The layout was completely different compared to a large majority of the sects.

"Junior brother, this is your identification tag. Please keep it with you at all times," a clear voice rang out beside him.

The young man jumped and turned to see a beautiful young woman dressed in customized swordswoman robes, as she held out a metallic identification tag toward him.

The young barbarian accepted the tag and said, "And you are?"

"I'm Chu Xia, a registered disciple. You may call me senior sister in the future," the young woman said with a smile.

The young man from the Brute Race immediately realized that the beautiful young woman was one of the six major disciples and two hundred registered disciples of the Immortal God Emperor. He said respectfully, "I'm Debiao Manchui. Nice to meet you."

"Don't stand on ceremony. You're very well regarded by our master, and you're expected to become the most powerful person amongst his disciples in the future. I hope that you're able to make swift progress and avoid wasting any time," Chu Xia said, who seemed to have taken to this slightly awkward junior disciple from the Brute Race. "Junior brother, do you have any experience cultivating the martial way? Who was your master?"

"No. I... have been cultivating the brute techniques from the Mogan Riverwitch Divine Temple. My physical cultivation is inadequate..." the young man stammered.

"Oh, I see. Based on what I know about your current basics, why don't you start cultivating from scratch? You may head over to the stone tablet area to gain an understanding of your current condition and select a body-refining technique," Chu Xia said as she pointed at the stone tablet that the young man had seen earlier. "These are the basic techniques that were personally engraved on the stone tablet by my master. It covers the three main categories of body-refining, spirit cultivation and the Spirit Spring stage. There are one hundred and eight different kinds of techniques in each category, and every person should be able to find something suitable for themmself, regardless of race."

That was great.

The young man of the Brute Race was delighted.

The Brute Race of the Mogan River was in possession of very few techniques and the legacy of the Witch Divine Temple was very fragmented. There was only a single torn manual within the divine temple; it was very fragmented and had no sequel. It was also very difficult to cultivate, so when he realized that he could peruse the techniques that the Great Emperor had personally left behind and could choose the technique he favored, he felt like he had a sudden windfall.

He paused for a moment as he remembered something, then he pointed at the statue in the distance and asked, "What about the statue over there? Are there secret manuals of the martial way engraved on its body too? Why are there so many people around it?"

"That statue is an Emperor Technique Divine Statue. My master said that it contains peerless Emperor techniques, but it cannot be mastered through words. You would need to carefully observe the statue and contemplate on its meaning. If you develop an affinity with the statue, you would be able to understand the mystery within it. Even if you don't obtain a complete Emperor technique from the statue, you would be able to comprehend a peerless divine ability that would be completely yours," Chu Xia said with a smile.

Obtain an Emperor technique?

The young man from the Brute Race's eyes widened in shock when he heard the words 'Emperor technique'.

Was it that easy to obtain an Emperor technique from the Immortal Dojo?

Complete sets of Emperor techniques were extremely rare, even among many races that had once produced Emperors in the foreign domain. All the Emperor techniques that still existed were very fragmented. Since Emperor techniques were extremely profound, even if a Martial Emperor had left his martial techniques behind, his descendants would not be able to pick up the profound principles within them if they weren't talented enough. Thus, martial techniques tended to be fragmented many generations later.

The Brute Race young man had a sudden urge to rush over to the statue.

Chu Xia smiled as though she had seen through his thoughts and said, "However, to see the true will of the martial way through the Emperor Technique Divine Statue, the only ones able are martial artists who have successfully managed to cultivate their spirit, and grasped their yuan qi. You should start from refining your body first and take everything one step at a time. There have been some who refused to heed my advice, rushing over the moment they heard that it contained Emperor techniques, throwing all caution to the wind in an effort to meditate on the statue. However, they didn't manage to get anything out of it even after spending several months, and were eventually forced to retreat and start from the basics."

"But what about them...?" the young man from the Brute Race asked as he pointed at the people surrounding the statue.

Chu Xia explained with a smile, "Those are disciples who have come in search of a master, but had already started cultivating even before entering the Immortal Dojo. They are strong enough, so they are able to meditate on the statue and comprehend their personal battle techniques. My master has said that although these people could meditate on the statue without having to start from scratch, it would take them a lot of time to comprehend it because they have cultivated miscellaneous techniques; they would have to head back to the pure martial way before they can even manage to glean anything from the statue. They should be able to improve but they wouldn't have as much potential as those without any basic knowledge, such as yourself."

Possibly, only the reigning Martial Emperor was able to call the martial techniques cultivated by others as 'miscellaneous martial techniques'.

A slow understanding dawned on him as he listened to Chu Xia's words.

Chu Xia observed the young man from the Brute Race as she spoke.

Her fellow disciples and herself were all curious to know more about this young barbarian, who had been personally named as a registered disciple by their master. She could naturally see that this young man from the Brute Race had a very poor foundation and his aptitude was average at best, but their master had said that he had 'matchless fortitude', so she guessed that he probably had a more determined will than ordinary men.

She couldn't help but respect this young man when she saw how he managed to calm down and assess her words in a brief moment, despite earlier being tempted by the statue.

That statue had been personally sculpted by her master and it was full of grandeur and mysteries. She had once also lost herself to the mysteries contained within. The disciples who had passed the assessment would all insist on attempting to comprehend the statue the moment they heard about the Emperor techniques that it contained and would only return to cultivate the basic techniques after they failed.

"There are one hundred and eight of such statues scattered across the square and all disciples of the Immortal Dojo are allowed to meditate on them at any time. There are no restrictions imposed on the disciples of the Immortal Dojo. As for what each person is able to comprehend from the statue, it would depend on each person's luck and affinity. According to my master, there are three thousand Great Daos and all these Daos are not found in the universe but in one's heart. Each person's viewpoint is like a grain of sand or a flower, perceiving different things, and this principle also applies to the Dao," Chu Xia said.

Her respect and admiration of Ye Qingyu was evident as she spoke.

One hundred and eight statues?

The young man from the Brute Race was astonished.

If there were one hundred and eight stone statues, wouldn't that mean that there would also be one hundred and eight different Emperor techniques?

Uh... it was hard to believe that the Immortal God Emperor was in possession of so many Emperor techniques. Anyone else who made a similar claim would be dismissed as a lunatic, but was there even a need for the Immortal God Emperor to exaggerate?

He had completely calmed down after he heard Chu Xia's words.

Yes, there was no need to be in such a rush.

Since he was already a disciple of the Immortal Dojo, there was no need to be so anxious. If he continued to make progress one step at a time, he would be able to achieve his goals one day.

"Many thanks." The young man from the Brute Race clasped his hands together in thanks before he continued, "I'd like to find a body-refining technique and start over from the beginning. Could you tell me which stone tablet I should use?"

Chu Xia said, "The square is divided into one hundred and eight districts. We are currently in district one and all the foundational body-refining techniques are found on the first ten stone tablets of this district. Please feel free to pick the technique that suits you best. If you're hungry or thirsty, you'd be able to collect free food and water from the food and drinks area if you show your identification tag." Then, she handed him a 'Guide to Life at the Dojo' manual and said, "If you have any further questions, please feel free to refer to this manual."

Chu Xia left after she had told him everything he needed to know.

Before she left, she told him, "Our master has high hopes of you, so work hard and don't let him down."

The young man from the Brute Race felt even more motivated after her words.

He realized that he was someone who was highly regarded by the Immortal God Emperor himself.

"Master, I've already made all the arrangements," Chu Xia reported upon her return.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

The young man from the Brute Race truly had a peerless fortitude but that was his only strength. He wasn't talented—in fact, his natural aptitude was poor, but Ye Qingyu wanted to find out how one's determination and fortitude would affect one's cultivation journey when provided with sufficient resources and techniques.

There were also hundreds of disciples who passed the entrance assessment, similarly untalented but they either possessed incredible fortitude, or calmness, had no desires or yearnings, or were extremely old. These people would typically be considered trash who would never be able to cultivate.

Other than these hundreds of disciples, there were also tens of thousands of disciples who had been admitted into the Immortal Dojo. People with exceptional talent made up around thirty percent, while those of average talent also made another thirty, and thirty nine percent were those of poor talent.

Ye Qingyu would accept everyone as long as they had a kind heart and came with pure intentions.

He wanted to see how far these people would go.

He had to comprehend the true meaning of the word 'Life' from his [Life Sword Mantra].

He considered all the disciples who entered the People's Dojo as 'life'.

He had already realized that the most precious part of the legacy left behind by the peerless War God was the [War God Sword Mantra]. He had used the power of life to grasp the true meaning of the [Life Sword Mantra]; after the nourishment provided by the World Tree, he sensed that he had already unleashed the maximum power of the [Life Sword Mantra].

However, after his discovery at the Black Demon Abyss and his conversation with Ye Chongsheng, he realized that he had not noticed the true value of the sword manual of the [Life Sword Mantra], neither had he comprehended the true meaning of the word 'life'.

I will use the people as a cauldron to craft a strand of sword soul!

This was what he had gleaned from the past six months.

He planned to leave the management of the Immortal Dojo to Bai Yuanxing and his five main disciples, then he would leave the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain and head toward Storm City of the Chaotic Ruins Domain, in search of the person who had once given him his Dao foundation.

There were profound secrets to be found within each of the nineteen cities of chaos.

If he had to name forces that he hadn't been able to get a firm grasp on, it would be the races who governed the nineteen cities of chaos.

However, he had an unexpected encounter at Storm City.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1307:


Chapter 1320 - Farewell

Ye Qingyu ran into Bai Yuqing in Storm City.

He already knew that Bai Yuqing was the famous White Jade Capital's successor, but he didn't expect her to vanish for such a long period of time. To his surprise, he realized that Bai Yuqing had also attained the Martial Emperor realm, but she had yet to fully convert her yuan qi into Emperor qi; this meant that it hadn't been long since she became a Martial Emperor.

Ye Qingyu saw Bai Yuqing the moment he arrived at Storm City.

"It's been a while," Bai Yuqing greeted him first and elusive Emperor qi swirled around her, making her seem even more otherworldly than usual, like a moon fairy who was not of this world. Her astounding charm and beauty would put anyone else to shame.

Ye Qingyu nodded with a smile as he said, "White Jade Capital clearly has deep resources, but you must have become an Emperor in the Dark Realm, right?" Although the Dao laws had become more well-rounded at the Vast Thousand Domains, they were still not in a perfect state. Empress Shui Xiu from the Seven Fingers Race had already obtained the chance to become Emperor first, so there couldn't possibly be a second Empress.

"You're as all-knowing as a god," Bai Yuqing said with a smile.

There were only a handful of people in the world who had witnessed Bai Yuqing smile and Ye Qingyu was part of this special group. This was not only because he was now the Immortal God Emperor, who single-handedly reigned over the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm, but because she once had feelings for him.

They walked along the streets of Storm City like old friends.

However, no one seemed particularly surprised as this exceptional couple walked along the streets while everyone carried on with their daily activities—no one could actually see them.

The street hawkers continued to hawk their wares loudly.

Various races were walking in and out of the shops that lined both sides of the road.

The city was more lively and bustling than when he had first arrived in Storm City. As the Heaven Wasteland Empire and Ye Qingyu rose to power, the political situation in the Vast Thousand Domains had gradually stabilized, so businesses flourished and everything ran in an orderly manner. It wasn't just Storm City that was flourishing; all nineteen cities of the Chaotic Ruins Domain were also thriving.

They fell silent as they walked along the street.

"What brings you here to Storm City?" Ye Qingyu said with a smile as he searched for a topic to break the awkward atmosphere.

Bai Yuqing also breathed a sigh of relief in her heart and said softly, "I'm here to hunt down the nemesis of my sect. I heard that she had once been sighted in Storm City."

Ye Qingyu understood who she was referring to and said, "Do you mean Jiang Xiaohan?"

Bai Yuqing nodded and said, "It is. The three of us shared the same master and we were once friends at the White Deer Academy, but we went our separate paths as time passed. I was recommended by the divine nun and managed to enter the Ancient Immortal City, White Jade Capital, while I guess Jiang Xiaohan must have become the successor of the Demonic Sect of All Things. I didn't expect her to be of the rare [All Energy-Absorption Body] that could continually absorb all divine and saintly forms in this world."

The Demonic Sect of All Things.

The [All Energy-Absorption Body]?

This was the first time Ye Qingyu had heard someone give such a detailed explanation on the possible origins of Jiang Xiaohan.

He finally started to understand why Jiang Xiaohan's strength had skyrocketed so quickly, after she left the Heaven Wasteland Domain. It was probably because she had the [All Energy-Absorption Body].

He remembered that Jiang Xiaohan had unleashed terrifying power during the battle at the Fallen God Abyss and that her physical strength was comparable to his. If it hadn't been for the fiendgod from an alternate space-time hiding underground, the Three-Eyed White-Boned Giant who released a terrifying murderous qi at the crucial moment, it would be hard to predict the victor of that battle.

Now that he thought about it, he could also sense how terrifying the [All Energy-Absorption Body] was.

"The [All Energy-Absorption Body] is like an oven. The terrifying part about it is the ability to absorb and refine any energy from the universe. She can even absorb usually conflicting energies like fire and water and merge them within her body, transforming them into demonic energy. This is probably the most terrifying type of body in this world. The millions of techniques that are cultivated in the world can be easily dissolved at her touch, and even several ancient divine or saintly bodies from the Emperor Race may not be able to resist the absorption effect from her body. Jiang Xiaohan has cultivated the [Demonic Technique of All Things] and each time she absorbs another rare body type in the world, her strength soars considerably. Furthermore, she can also absorb the new energies that others have painstakingly cultivated to transform them into her own power," Bai Yuqing said.

This was the information that she had gleaned from the White Jade Capital's library.

White Jade Capital, the Immortal city and the Demonic Sect of All Things have been mortal enemies since ancient times, so they knew each other very well.

"This means that the [All Energy-Absorption Body] also has some kind of devouring power, right?" Ye Qingyu mused in contemplation.

She could devour, absorb, and finally transform anything into her own strength.

This was the most frightening part of her body.

Ye Qingyu had a strange feeling about it.

Why did he feel like he had come across that body type before?

Didn't Little Nine also have the same body type?

Little Nine didn't even need to cultivate and it would only spend the entire time eating. It was definitely a foodie and it would eat anything. Moreover, it could transform whatever it ate into its own energy; ultimately, its combat strength had been constantly rising as it continued to gobble and scarf down food.

Could Little Nine also be of the [All Energy-Absorption Body]?

A flash of worry crossed Bai Yuqing's face as she said, "Since the battle with the Four Stars Sect, Jiang Xiaohan has appeared and disappeared mysteriously, secretly absorbing many titans and rare body types. Thus, she has become even more terrifying than before. Although I have also improved, I might not be her match any longer."

Ye Qingyu understood the underlying intent behind Bai Yuqing's words.

"There's also some enmity between Jiang Xiaohan and myself that will need to be resolved. If you don't mind, I'm willing to join you on your quest," he said. There was indeed some enmity between them and not only because of how she had schemed and plotted against him on multiple occasions. It was mainly because of her involvement in secretly ordering several forces from the nineteen cities of chaos, just to make things difficult for the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission, resulting in many of its members perishing on the way to the assessment, never to return home.

Bai Yuqing nodded and said, "Many thanks, Your Highness."

The only person in the entire world who would be able to bring down Jiang Xiaohan was probably Ye Qingyu. She didn't even know when she started to think that way, but to her, Ye Qingyu seemed to be the symbol of invincibility.

"However, I didn't come this time to invite you to join forces with me," Bai Yuqing continued.

Ye Qingyu looked at her.

Was his guess wrong?

Bai Yuqing smiled calmly.

She turned to look at Ye Qingyu, this man for whom she had once given up her girlish pride and was secretly infatuated with. He had now grown to be an extremely handsome man, while he was still as easygoing and otherworldly as always. The gap between them was also still as vast as ever. Although she was now an Empress, she still felt inferior to him whenever she saw him.

There was a ripple of emotion in her clear eyes.

For an instant, she seemed a little captivated as the sunlight splashed across his handsome face.

However, she quickly pulled herself out of her reverie.

Her expression seemed a little inscrutable when she looked away from his face.

"White Jade Capital and the Demonic Sect of All Things have been mortal enemies since ancient times and the enmity has only deepened as generations pass. No one can actually tell who is right or wrong by this point in time. As the current successor of the White Jade Capital, I have no fear even if I have to battle the successor of the Demonic Sect of All Things to the death. However, if I die in battle, then no one else will actually know how terrifying Jiang Xiaohan is. If one isn't careful, Jiang Xiaohan might secretly manage to attain the true [All Energy-Absorption Body]. If she succeeds, no one in the entire world would be able to stop her. I've only told you this much because I wanted to stress how frightening the [All Energy-Absorption Body] is, so that you'd be on your guard against her. I wouldn't direct nor interfere in the methods you choose to eventually take her down. You're so wise and clever that I'm sure you've already formulated your own plan after listening to what I had to say earlier," she said calmly.

At that moment, she seemed to have returned to the aloof and haughty academy goddess that she had been, back at the White Deer Academy. She would never put aside her pride, even in the face of life and death; she still went in search of Jiang Xiaohan despite knowing that she could possibly not be a match for her.

She wasn't there to ask for help; she wanted to warn him.

Ye Qingyu was silent for a moment before he finally nodded and said, "Alright, I agree."

His haughty senior at the academy, who was also the perfect goddess of the academy back then, had always held fiercely onto her pride. Thus, Ye Qingyu knew that it would be an insult to her if he insisted on joining forces with her to take Jiang Xiaohan down.

"I'll take my leave," Bai Yuqing said as she clasped her hands together.

Ye Qingyu fell silent.

He was able to see the underlying feelings for him.

He also knew that it was possible that the main reason why Bai Yuqing had been waiting for him in Storm City was to bid him farewell. She claimed that she wanted to deliver a word of warning to give herself a convincing excuse to see him.

She was prepared to die as she went ahead to challenge Jiang Xiaohan to a final battle.

After parting that day, It was possible that he might never see this beautiful and ethereal senior from White Deer Academy again.

However, he couldn't promise her anything. His heart already belonged to someone else and he could no longer commit to any other. It would be cruel of him to give her any false hopes or promises that he would not be able to fulfill.

"Goodbye. I look forward to you rebuilding the White Jade Capital upon your return," Ye Qingyu finally said.

Bai Yuqing smiled and looked calm as she drifted away.

Her figure vanished in the void as she moved in the distance.

Ye Qingyu stood on the spot. He was overcome with mixed feelings while he watched her leave.

People change while things still remain the same.

Was this a farewell to his youth and the people he used to know?

Life was constantly filled with many things that couldn't be helped. As time passed and as one matured, one would no longer be blessed by fate but instead, things would start to be taken away. For some people, it would truly be farewell after they left, and some things would fade as time went by.

'I hope fate will continue to bless you, young and haughty lady.'

Ye Qingyu finally left and went to the City Lord's residence of Storm City.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1308:


Chapter 1321 - Right and Wrong

Ye Qingyu met Shangguan Wu at the City Lord's residence of Storm City.

"Greetings, Your Majesty," Shangguan Wu said respectfully as he bowed to Ye Qingyu. Things change with time; the youth who had once arrived for the assessment, enduring the insults without any protest when Huang Lin and the others had made things difficult for him, was now suddenly the most supreme Emperor who ruled over the entire world. His rise to power had been so fast that it seemed unbelievable.

"There's no need to stand on ceremony," Ye Qingyu said.

If it hadn't been for Shangguan Wu's assistance back then, the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission would have never been able to pass the assessment so smoothly. The supervisor of the City Lord's residence was an upright and righteous man, so Ye Qingyu was very grateful toward him.

Ye Qingyu met the current City Lord of Storm City at the City Lord's residence. He was the descendant of the previous Storm Martial Emperor and a middle-aged man who looked like he was in his thirties. He exuded a special aura, similar to what an ancient recluse would produce.

However, he was unable to replicate the glory days of his ancestor; his cultivation was probably at the Quasi-emperor realm and he had only managed to advance because of the recent surge in universal powers.

They had a good talk.

The City Lord also took Ye Qingyu's arrival very seriously.

"Back then, I had encountered a highly-skilled person when I was in the water cell..." Ye Qingyu shared the miraculous encounter he had when he was participating in the assessment, because he felt that he should reveal the secret of Storm City to the City Lord.

"Did such a thing truly happen?" the City Lord asked in astonishment.

Evidently, he did not know that there was another world under the water cell and that a highly-skilled person who was not of this world lived in it. Moreover, this highly-skilled person might just be his ancestor.

Soon, everyone arrived at the water cell.

Ye Qingyu used his divine sense to sweep the surroundings and quickly found the water cave that was deep underwater.

"Follow me," he said.

He used his divine sense to part the waters.

The City Lord and the others followed him into the water cave.

"I had never realized that a water realm was right underneath the water cell the entire time. I didn't know that such a place existed within Storm City itself," Shangguan Wu exclaimed in shock.

Was this a secret place designed by the Storm Martial Emperor at Storm City back in those days?

There was a vast and boundless water realm under the water cave.

Ye Qingyu exerted his Emperor qi to part the waters around him and everyone else followed behind him.

Soon, they saw a flickering halo ahead; they could barely make out a stalwart figure in the depths of the water realm.

It was a power that they were extremely familiar with—the power of storm.

"This aura... my ancestor?" the City Lord exclaimed in excitement. He could tell the aura that the vigorous figure exuded was an exact copy as the aura from the relics his ancestor had left behind. In fact, the figure's aura was even more well defined as compared to the aura from those relics.

He was overcome with emotion.

Was his ancestor still alive?

The City Lord of Storm City was a well-known figure within the Vast Thousand Domains. But at that moment, he couldn't tamp down the excitement he felt. He knew that if his ancestor was still alive, this would have a significant impact on Storm City.

Ye Qingyu was also slightly surprised because this aura was exactly the same as before, but it was much denser and more well-defined than when he had first encountered this person. Did this man's strength skyrocket because of the arrival of the golden age of prosperity? That didn't seem right either...

He thought about it.

The City Lord, Shangguan Wu, and the others eagerly rushed over to greet their ancestor. They wanted to find out the truth of what had happened, since this discovery was monumentally significant to them.

The situation changed all of a sudden—

Boom!

Countless green storm divine dragons suddenly exploded from the stalwart figure, like green vines that swept across the area at lightning speed. These divine dragons wrapped themselves around the City Lord and the others, dragging them toward him.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

These vine-like dragons wrapped themselves so tightly around the dozens of Purple Golden Divine Guards from the City Lord's residence, that they immediately exploded and turned into pools of blood.

A fierce killing intent spread across the water realm.

"Oh no!"

Ye Qingyu immediately realized that something must have changed in this place. It was a meticulously laid out trap, but how did it manage to evade his detection?

Someone had schemed for a long time to plant this trap!

"Who are you?"

He summoned his sword will that circulated within the water realm at a single thought and countless rays of indestructible silver splendor hurtled toward the storm divine dragons, as he attempted to rescue those men.

"Hahaha, many thanks for bringing the descendant of the Storm Martial Emperor here, Brother Qingyu. I'll be able to fill the gaps of the storm body after I've obtained the blood of his descendant. Hahaha," a familiar voice rang out.

It was none other than Jiang Xiaohan.

As though a mysterious qi activity had been activated, the entire water realm seemed to bubble and boil as her voice resounded. More green storm divine dragons appeared; they howled as they charged in such large numbers that they covered the entire water realm. They managed to block his sword will and splendor, and even had enough remnant strength in them to charge at him.

"There was a way to heaven but you rejected this path. Instead, you chose to force your way into hell when there wasn't a gate in the first place," Ye Qingyu said as killing intent appeared in his eyes.

Emperor qi circulated within his body. As he retracted and released his Emperor qi, the entire water realm seemed to contract and expand to the beat of his heart; while the space suddenly expanded, a terrifying power swept out to instantly destroy all the green storm divine dragons.

At the same time, he had reached the stalwart figure and his index and middle fingers pointed out like swords toward him.

His sword will ripped through the air and killed everything in its path.

"Haha, Brother Qingyu, you're still as cruel and heartless as before. Didn't we plan this together? Didn't you agree to trick the City Lord of Storm City, to have him come to this place and assist me in extracting his blood essence to repair the final flaw in the storm body? Haha, why are you so angry?" she said.

The splendor from the stalwart figure faded, to reveal Jiang Xiaohan's svelte body wrapped in red robes.

He hadn't seen her for several years but this ruthless woman had become even more beautiful than before. She had a peerless charm about her; each word, each glance, and each smile carried a frightening allure that could enchant almost every creature.

She was also many times more powerful than before.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

His sword qi swept across the skies, slashed countless green storm divine dragons, and managed to save some of the experts from Storm City who had come with him to the water realm, but Shangguan Wu and the City Lord were still in Jiang Xiaohan's hands.

There was a strange energy within the water realm that managed to exert a frightening suppressive force over Ye Qingyu's strength.

"Did your [All Energy-Absorption Body] managed to absorb the Storm Martial Emperor's strength as well?" Ye Qingyu asked with a frown.

He realized that Jiang Xiaohan had already been fully prepared for his arrival, and had used some kind of formation to block his divine sense from detecting anything amiss. This was why he didn't manage to detect any suspicious activity, even when he was so close to her. She had thus managed to gain the upper hand, and drew on the formation power within the water realm to prevent Ye Qingyu from rescuing the City Lord and Shangguan Wu.

Although he had been surprised when he heard Bai Yuqing's description of the [All Energy-Absorption Body], he didn't think too much about it. He didn't expect her strength to reach such terrifying heights. She was probably just a whisker away from attaining the Martial Emperor realm and she was much stronger than Bai Yuqing.

Jiang Xiaohan froze for a moment, before she quickly realized what had happened and said, "Haha, you must have run into Bai Yuqing." She figured out that Bai Yuqing must have told Ye Qingyu her secret. "It doesn't matter whether or not you've discovered my secret, since the [All Energy-Absorption Body] is the most powerful divine body type in the world, and it has been that way since ancient times. I can absorb all things and after devouring anything just once, I'd be able to obtain the power from any body type, as well as the mysteries it contains. I've devoured countless Martial Emperors, so does it matter to me that the Storm Martial Emperor was part of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors? I'd still be able to obtain his powers, hehehe!"

She looked at Ye Qingyu defiantly, and didn't seem flustered even in front of this peerless Great Emperor.

She had faith in her own abilities and was confident that her plan would work.

Green power of storm laws surged from her body, transforming into tentacles that were like countless divine dragons circling around her; they wrapped themselves tightly around the City Lord and Shangguan Wu, controlling them like puppets.

These two men were also highly-skilled experts, but they were rendered completely helpless when the tentacles wrapped themselves around them.

Evidently, Jiang Xiaohan was now extremely familiar with the art of controlling the storm power. These green storm tentacles were part of the foundation laws of the Storm Martial Emperor, who had once been part of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors. When she unleashed their power, she controlled them with an ease and strength that rivaled the Storm Martial Emperor from those days.

Did this mean that she had already devoured the mysterious figure who had originally lived in the water realm?

Ye Qingyu's heart sank.

That was a terrible discovery.

"Brother Qingyu, thanks for sending the City Lord right into my trap. You've saved me quite a lot of effort," Jiang Xiaohan smiled smugly when she saw that she had finally one-upped Ye Qingyu and basked in that glorious feeling.

"I didn't want to kill you but you're forcing my hand," Ye Qingyu said. He was truly angry at that point.

"Haha, is that so? Did you really not mean to kill me? If I have a battle to the death with Bai Yuqing, I wonder who you'd side with," Jiang Xiaohan said with a smile; her eyes were full of contempt and disdain.

Ye Qingyu said clearly, "I will stand with whomever is right."

Jiang Xiaohan burst out laughing and said, "Whomever is right? Who's right and who's wrong? Aren't you saying that I'm wrong and she's right? Haha, the Brother Qingyu I remember would never give such a lame excuse. What's wrong? Do you not even dare to verbalize your thoughts?"

Ye Qingyu remained silent.

Jiang Xiaohan's face hardened as she said, "You... Ye Qingyu, haha, I knew it. You'd always take Bai Yuqing's side because she's more demure and puts on a better pretense, right?"

"Men would always fall for the weak and ethereal image, but they'd always be repelled by strong women like me, since they would feel threatened by my power, isn't that so?"

"You're thinking too much into this," he said frankly. "It is very easy to differentiate right from wrong. At this moment, you're wrong. It's as simple as that. Everything else you're saying is rubbish and meaningless."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

