Chapter 721:


Chapter 739 Something Odd, Strange Turn of Events


Ye Qingyu received his animal bone knife back and left the camp of the Black Armor Race after thanking the experts.

The scout team from the Black Demon Race did not pay extra attention to him.

After all, Ye Qingyu was covered in wounds and physically battered. He looked no different from a beggar, and seemed so frail that it was as if a sudden gust of wind could lift him off his feet; the experts from the Black Demon Race thought he was as harmless as a stray dog looking for scraps in the wild.

Deep in the Black Demon Pool, there would always be the sudden appearance of martial arts practitioners with very low skill. They placed little value in their own lives and were willing to take the risk. If they were unlucky, no one would even notice their decomposing corpses, but if they were lucky, they could obtain some rare herbs or medicine and earn a new shot at life.

Over numerous years, countless of such 'stray dogs' had perished in the various major districts of the Black Demon Pool.

The scout team had obviously treated Ye Qingyu as one of these scavengers.

Kilometers away.

Ye Qingyu halted.

He turned his head around.

He gazed back at the camp of the Black Armor Race in the distance, still somewhat in shock.
What sort of person could have massacred an entire tribe for any kind of reason?
he thought.

The Black Armor Race were related by blood to the Black Demon Race and had been protected by the latter for generations. Those that killed any member of the Black Armor Race would be hunted down by the Black Demon Race, and it was for this reason that the former had rarely been troubled after existing in the 16th district of the Black Demon Pool, even if it did not possess great strength.

Furthermore, it was a primitive tribe, and its people relied on hire from foreign employers and gathering of medicinal herbs for a living. Aside from these two activities, it rarely interacted with the outside world and could be considered to have not made enemies with any other people. As such, few outsiders would seek trouble with them.

How could the entire Black Armor Race be exterminated within a matter of days?
he thought.

Ye Qingyu had a vague sense that something was not quite right.

"What should I do? Now that the Black Armor Race has been exterminated, where should I go to find whereabouts of the [Black Demon Herb]... when one's unlucky, one bad thing follows after another. My current task is not going too smoothly."

Ye Qingyu continued advancing toward the 17th district.

About an hour later.

He stopped temporarily upon reaching a black rock formation a distance away from the 17th district.

The only solution now is to try my luck at the 17th and 18th districts of the Black Demon Pool or find some merchants dealing in medicinal herbs and purchase the [Black Demon Herb]from them at a cut-throat price,
he thought.

He set up a defensive warning formation around the rock formation and sat cross-legged amongst the rocks, before beginning to consider his options and to arrange his thoughts.

Just at this moment -

"Oh no... this power... it's coming again."

Ye Qingyu's expression changed.

He had to shut his eyes and concentrate his thoughts at the next moment. He entered a meditative state, channeling the nameless breathing technique and shutting his mind from other thoughts in the process.

The cause of his sudden reaction was the abrupt flaring up of the green, purple and silver powers within his body.

It was probably when Ye Qingyu completely recovered from his semi-conscious and alive state in the [Cloud Top Cauldron] when he realized that he was beginning to lose control over the various powers in his body.

It meant that the inner yuan in his body was once again being suppressed.

During that time, when he was completely aware of his surroundings, he could innately sense that his pool of vitality had seemed to freeze up, to his surprise. Now, it was once again in the same state; it was undergoing new changes.

There had only been one power at level one hurricane strength within his body originally, but now there were three, and each one was stronger than the previous one. Furthermore, the Yuan Qi True Self Doppelganger was already at level three, and it seemed to have grown more concentrated and unclouded now, as if having grown livelier.

It was the sign of the third step of the Immortal Step realm.

Ye Qingyu did not think that he would have escaped from the ordeal with his life. His tough body had been nearly beaten into pulp, and just as he was about to die, somehow he managed to advance from the first step to the third step of the  Immortal Step realm by accident.

Of course, it was an extremely wonderful thing.

When he realized this fact, he had nearly leaped up in joy.

The problem was that his vitality had condensed into a block in his body after being suppressed by a mysterious form of energy. Even the vitality in his meridians was idling, and even though he had achieved the third step of the Immortal Step realm, he could not make use of his newfound power.

The strange energy had originated from the Chaotic Thunder Liquid, Green Wind Power and [Supreme Ice Flame].

These three powers had originally resided peacefully within Ye Qingyu's body, and he could channel and control the [Supreme Ice Flame] and Chaotic Thunder Liquid.

Later, he had obtained the Wind Dao foundation from the extremely chilly lake beneath Sunrise City and been enlightened when he arrived before the Wall of Storm, thereby gaining a fundamental mastery of the power of wind.  Even after that, the three powers were still within his control.

Now, however, Ye Qingyu did not understand if it was because of his experience in the [Cloud Top Cauldron] or due to the stimulation from his previous fight that they seemed to have gain a mind of their own and started to slip out of his control.

He felt like a general with many well-trained troops in his hand that would not listen to his commands. The three forms of energy were struggling to overcome and suppress each other and were now treating Ye Qingyu's body as their battleground, each fighting for supremacy over the other.

Luckily, their 'fight' was still of a relatively calm nature and did not cause harm to Ye Qingyu's body. Instead, they protected it carefully.

Otherwise, his body would have been ground to dust by now.

The three powers entangled and went after each other, continuously flowing across Ye Qingyu's entire body and between his meridians, muscles and bones.

It was an extremely weird process.

He could feel that while the three powers were trying to best each other, they seemed to be fixing his battered body as well. The speed of the repair process, however, was a little slow and not as effective as him sacrificing a little of his blood qi to regenerate his broken limbs.

The end result was that, other than his regenerated arm, the other wounds on his body recovered extremely slowly. Ye Qingyu looked like a rag doll that had been chewed up by a dog at this moment - he was covered in wounds and many of them were those that had penetrated through his body. As a result, it gave him a wretched appearance.

About one hour later.

It was as though the three powers had grown tired of fighting with each other and had gradually calmed down.

Ye Qingyu heaved a sigh of relief before opening his eyes gradually.

As he tried to channel the energy in his body, a look of pleasant surprise appeared on his face.

"Oh? What's going on? Why am I able to control the three powers better after their 'battle'?"

The Chaotic Thunder Liquid, [Supreme Ice Flame] and Power of Wind residing in his body could be channeled when he willed it, leading Ye Qingyu to feel that he had mastery over them. He even felt that he was much more adept at using them now.

He stretched out his arm gradually.

A strange flame made up of the purple-, silver- and green-colored powers danced and burned on his palm. It was not hot at all, but there was a destructive power contained within it.

The differently colored splendors separated and regrouped according to Ye Qingyu's will, making up different formations and looking extremely mysterious.

"Indeed, they're more susceptible to my command now. Their powers seemed to have increased as well, and I can also choose to channel each of them individually. Each of them has their own strength, and if I group all of them together, their combined might will be completely immeasurable. It's scary just thinking about it."

Ye Qingyu did not have to test the power of his newly found skill to be able to sense their strength acutely.

"That said, currently they're still not completely melded together. Erm... most likely something happened after I hid in the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. What could it be?" Ye Qingyu muttered to himself as he racked his brains. Unluckily, he was already one foot in his grave during his ordeal and could not recall anything.

Also, his yuan qi was still being suppressed and had completely froze up. No matter whether he tried to channel it from his meridian pathway, the pool in his dantian world, or even the Yuan Qi True Self Doppelganger, it was as if all of it in his body had coagulated and remained stationary.

He had so much yuan qi, but there was no way for him to make use of any of it.

This... why do I always encounter such weird problems during training?
Ye Qingyu thought.

He did not know whether to laugh or cry at this moment.

This was not the first time that he had lost all the fruits of his training in yuan qi.

He was in a different situation currently, however. Previously, it was obvious that the cause of his loss of yuan qi was because his spirit had been sealed within the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. This time around, he could not figure out why there was such a change in it.

The good news was that the three powers that he had newly gained were shockingly powerful and even stronger than that of his yuan qi. On the surface, the amount of yuan qi Ye Qingyu could gather was not even on par with an expert at the Bitter Sea realm, but in reality, it was much different.

If I meet Jiang Xiaohan again, even if it's within a trap like the [Fallen God Abyss], I am confident of finishing her off within one hundred moves. Even if I encounter an expert at the upper tier Immortal Step realm, I'll be able to hold my own,
he thought.

A confident smile appeared on Ye Qingyu's face as he watched the three splendors gradually dissipate into his palm until they were not visible.

At this rate, it'll take more than ten days for all my wounds to be patched up. However, I can't afford to wait for such a long time... I also don't know the progress of Xing Er and the others in their assessment in the next city,
he thought.

Ye Qingyu changed into a fresh set of clothes and left the black rock formation, advancing toward his intended destination.

...

An hour later.

On a stone platform on the way toward the 17th district.

The pentagonal token in Ye Qingyu's hand gave off a golden glow suddenly.

When he had parted ways with Elder Shuang Wuyan, he had heard the elder mention that the token had such a reaction only when there were changes to the mission on it or the information pertaining to the task.

Could it be that there have been some changes to the assessment criteria?
Ye Qingyu thought.

He turned around to find a more secluded spot behind a steep cliff before channeling a little of his yuan qi into the token.

The image that appeared shook him to the core.

The light curtain on his token which carried information displayed the two words "Ye Qingyu". Somehow, he was now number twenty on the list of wanted criminals within the Alliance of Domains.

"
What exactly is going on?
"

"
Why am I now wanted by the Alliance of Domains?
"

Ye Qingyu blinked hard, not daring to believe his eyes.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 722:


Chapter 740, Accusation



He examined all the information on the token and the light curtain, and found that there were not any signs of them being affected by external forces. Therefore, it was clear that all the content was indeed released directly from the Domain Alliance.

And what was even more surprising to him was that, behind his illusory portrait and next to his basic information such as his name and race, it wrote that he was wanted for the crime of ‘massacre of the entire Black Armor Race’.

Massacre of the Black Armor Race?

Ye Qingyu was initially shocked, but then did not know whether to laugh or cry.

He had become the murderer of the Black Armor Race?

How was that possible?

The Black Armor Race was indeed massacred, but Ye Qingyu had never thought that he would become the culprit in the outsiders' eyes, and even listed on the Domain Alliance's wanted list.

No, he must clarify this as soon as possible.

This was Ye Qingyu's first thought.

But he quickly realized that there was no way he could clarify everything.

The names that were on the Domain Alliance wanted list were not listed on a spur of the moment, but had been through a certain process, and they must have acquired a certain amount of evidence. In other words, since his name had made its way onto the list, then they certainly must have some very solid evidence against him.

Ye Qingyu put away the pentagonal token.

He vaguely realized that there was a huge plot approaching him.

Given everything that had happened, it definitely was not a coincidence.

Perhaps he had been framed!

From his contact with the Black Armor Race to entering the [Fallen God Abyss], Ye Qingyu acted all alone. Most of all, during his time in the [Fallen God Abyss], no one had seen him and there was no witness who would be willing to help him——Jiang Xiaohan was a witness, but it was obvious that she would never help Ye Qingyu.

Even Ye Qingyu began to suspect that this matter might have something to do with Jiang Xiaohan.

Ye Qingyu's expression grew serious.

No matter what the cause was, it was still very terrifying. The person who could arrange such a huge plot and had successfully blinded the entire Domain Alliance was definitely not a small character. And behind that person there certainly must be some extremely strong forces. Otherwise, there was no way that person had the ability to cover the sky and conceal the truth from the Domain Alliance.

Thinking of this, he was somewhat at a loss and a little annoyed.

“It's really...” Ye Qingyu realized there was a good chance that he wouldn't be able to clear his name in such a short amount of time. There was suddenly an expression of helplessness that flashed across his face.

Right now, he could truly experience first hand the injustice and helplessness Ge Ming felt in all these years.

What had happened in these three days?

Why would the Domain Alliance be certain that he had massacred the Black Armor Race?

Ye Qingyu understood that his situation was now very dangerous. He had become a person on the Domain Alliance's wanted list, which almost meant that he had to stand off against the whole world by himself.

It was believed that very soon the experts of various parties, for the reward and glory of the Domain Alliance, would flock to launch a brutal hunt for him. Thisprospect was definitely more terrifying and dangerous than the various assassinations that were initiated by the high reward of a mysterious person.

Even the thought of such a thing occurring was enough to send a chill down his spine.

But Ye Qingyu knew that time was pressing, and that it was a waste of time to investigate the truth of the Black Armor Race's massacre or to clear his name.

The Black Demon Abyss portion of the Domain rating had wasted too much time already, given that the deadline for the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps to pass through the nineteen cities of chaos was a total of one month. They needed to hurry and find the Black Demon Herb.

Ye Qingyu felt an unprecedented pressure.

The great wide world of the Domain Alliance was after all not a small place like Heaven Wasteland Domain. Ye Qingyu also knew that it was impossible for him to control and dominate everything like he did in Heaven Wasteland Domain. There were many things that had exceeded his ability, thus he had to be on full alert at all times.

However, the sudden challenge also gave him a faint excitement.

The more people there were behind this, the more likely that a mistake would be made.

And what made Ye Qingyu most relieved was that, so far, the forces behind the plot had only been targeting him and had not done anything to the other members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. This was the best result for him.

“Time waits for no one; I can't care about it too much. No matter what, I must first find the Black Demon Herb, complete the assessment task, and find a way to investigate the truth.”

Ye Qingyu quickly made a decision.

Once he had decided, he acted immediately, without the slightest of hesitation.

His figure flashed, and with his exquisite control over his bones, skin and body, his face and figure were reconstructed like clay.

Such a change of appearance was not at all difficult for Immortal Step experts.

Now that he was listed as a wanted criminal, there was bound to be special envoys of the Domain Alliance searching for him and other experts hunting after him for the rewards.

The most urgent task for him now was to first change his appearance and disguise himself in order to buy time to find the Black Semon Herb. He planned to complete the Domain assessment task before investigating the massacre of the Black Armor Race and the truth of him being framed.

As for the disguise, whether it would work or not, he did not know.

An hour later.

He returned to the endless spiral stone steps of the Black Demon Abyss and continued to walk in the direction of the 17th district.

Because time was tight, Ye Qingyu forcibly activated the almost solidified yuan qi in his body. His speed was extremely fast, equivalent to flying speed, and frantically pushed on with his journey.

After another hour.

In a place less than one thousand metres away from the 17th district.

All of a sudden.

In the air, a very bizarre oppressive force suddenly struck.

All around shone huge flickering formations. In the void, there were light prohibition walls emerging, and the ground was flowing with the light from the formations. A number of formation were cutting through the dim space of the Black Demon Abyss...

Ye Qingyu was trapped in a formation.

Around him, within a radius of almost a dozen meters, the area was suddenly suffused with black fluorescence.

The fluorescent light penetrated the Black Demon qi, forming a huge dome that was covered in flame-like black mist.

More than ten formidable-looking figures, shrouded in Black Demon qi, were approaching the formation.

“Ye Qingyu, let's see how you can escape. The massacre of the Black Armor Race is a huge crime. Hurry up and surrender yourself, come back with us to the interrogation hall to stand trial!”

Between the tumbling demonic fog, a toneless, ice-cold voice like that of the god of death sounded all of a sudden.

The next moment.

Outside of the black fluorescence.

The figures of the several black-robed experts gradually emerged.

The black-robed figures were experts above the Immortal Step boundary.

Since they could so quickly trace him down, as well as see through his disguise, it seemed that the strength of the experts of the Black Demon Race should not be underestimated.

“Stand trial? What am I guilty of? The Black Armor Race was not massacred by me,” Ye Qingyu said in a low voice.

“You massacred the entire Black Armor Race. The evidence is conclusive, we are also fully certain and had reported you to the Domain Alliance to order your arrest. Now that the matter has reached this point, do you still want to deny it?” A black-robed expert from the other direction reprimanded, fury in his voice.

“I don’t know what’s going on. Three days ago I was guided by the Black Armor Race to go to the [Fallen God Abyss] to pick Black Demon Herb.” Ye Qingyu's voice was calm as he attempted to explain, “By the time I got out of the [Fallen God Abyss], I also passed the Black Armor Race camp and saw that they had been massacred, but I was definitely not the one who did it... There must be a misunderstanding.”

“You said you went to [Fallen God Abyss] three days ago?” One of the Black Demon Race expert sneered.

“That's right.” Ye Qingyu nodded.

“Haha, if you want to look for an excuse, it has to be one that is a little more persuasive. Why did you mention [Fallen God Abyss], so funny and ridiculous. Chaos broke out at the [Fallen God Abyss], and everything was destroyed. If you were there, you would have been long gone, would you still be alive?” The Black Demon Race expert laughed wildly.

“I...” Ye Qingyu wanted to explain, but didn’t know what else to say.

“Haha, culprit, what else do you have to say for yourself? Leave it until the interrogation hall. Besides, the members of our arrest team are only responsible for apprehending the criminals on the wanted list,” a cold and harsh voice echoed in the black fluorescent dome.

Ye Qingyu no longer explained.

He knew that he could not go with them since he did not know the truth behind the plots at all, and that it would waste a lot of time if he were to go with them.

Moreover, since the person behind all of this was capable of using the massacre of the Black Armor Race to falsely accuse him, there most likely would be other plots waiting for him during the course of the interrogation.

“Forgive me, but I cannot comply.” Ye Qingyu looked at the shadows outside of the black fluorescent light, his expression serious and fierce.

“You mean you want to resist arrest?”

“What a bad excuse!”

“Don't waste time talking to the murderer, just arrest him!”

Several voices came from outside the formation in succession.

Moments later.

The several black-robed experts, who were exuding a terrifying demonic qi and destructive power, struck in an instant.

“Don't force me.” Ye Qingyu repeatedly tried to tolerate their provocations.

But the Black Demon Race experts were merciless and did not hold back.

Ye Qingyu continued to endure.

He knew that he couldn’t injure people again, otherwise it would be like yellow soil covering his crotch - it would be regarded as feces regardless of whatever he did.

“I mustn’t continue to be entangled with them; I must leave as soon as possible.”

Continuous avoidance had greatly increased Ye Qingyu's pressure. He observed the situation around and decided not to fight back. He must first leave this place, otherwise there would be more and more people coming, which would make it increasingly difficult for him to escape.

“That's it!”

His figure did not enter the icy mist, but the next moment he already appeared in midair left of the dome.

Boom!

Tyrannical physical power erupted as his fist roared towards the formation.

Bang!

An ear-splitting noise resounded.

The black fluorescent formation violently shook, splitting into a number of silver cracks. The experts of the Black Demon Race were astonished, but before they could react, Ye Qingyu was seen throwing another punch directly at the light screen formation, puncturing a large hole at least a meter wide.

Swoosh!

Ye Qingyu transformed into a silvery ice mist, directly vanishing in front of the Black Demon Race arrest team——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 723:


Chapter 741, Good news

“How is that possible? This... how could he be so strong? Didn't they say he's a nobody from a lower domain? He broke through the formation!”

“Don't let him escape... chase after him!”

“Ridiculous, he dares to resist the arrest.”

“Ye Qingyu, stop, absconding is a serious crime!”

Roars of anger reverberated throughout the void.

But Ye Qingyu’s figure did not stop at all, vanishing instantly without a trace.

The dozens of black-robed experts bellowed repeatedly, anxious and furious, and then turned into masses of Black Demon qi and whizzed through the Black Demon qi-filled Void like bolts of lightning in the direction where Ye Qingyu had disappeared.

……

“Damn it, the ghost really does not go away.”

Ye Qingyu walked across the wilderness like a ghost, carefully concealing his tracks.

It had been an hour since he ran into the Black Demon Race's arrest team.

During this hour, Ye Qingyu was spotted five times by other members of the Black Demon arrest team and was surrounded three times.

In addition to this, there were a number of times he was chased by experts after the bounty from the Domain Alliance, which was more frequent than the Black Demon arrest team. Ye Qingyu was in a constant state of fatigue, and sometimes in order to avoid these people, had to change his route. As a result, even after an entire hour later, he still had not yet entered the 17th district of the Black Demon Abyss.

“Why was I discovered?”

This was one of the most confusing questions that troubled Ye Qingyu.

In the past hour, he had changed his appearance at least thirty times——not only his appearance, he also deliberately changed his figure, tone of speaking, way of walking, clothing and so on. Ye Qingyu had even mixed into a group of demon experts, and grew sharp teeth and claws, in order to disguise himself as part of the Demon Race...

But it didn't work.

No matter what the changes were, the crazy hunters easily found him within an hour.

Whether it was the arrest team composed of the black-robed experts, or the crazy ‘bounty hunters’, they all seemed to have some sort of special method to very quickly track down Ye Qingyu within a certain range. The capture process was increasingly dangerous than it was before. But because Ye Qingyu had scruples about attacking, he did not kill nor wounded anyone at all.

During a battle among experts, a moment of kindness may lead to a huge difference in the outcome.

Ye Qingyu's mercy did not make the hunters more rational. Instead, they were absolutely more unrestrained.

It was precisely because of this that Ye Qingyu, in the course of two escapes, had sustained substantial injuries.

After another hour.

The declining wilderness valley near the entrance of the 17th district.

This was a small valley with low lying ground, formed from the erosion of the underground river. The terrain in the valley was odd, and from afar resembled a labyrinth of mud blocks. The ceiling of the labyrinth was shrouded in thick black fog all year round.

Ye Qingyu, who was evading the pursuit of people, mistakenly walked into the valley.

After a careful investigation and confirming that there were no other creatures around and no signs that experts had come, he set up a defensive formation within ten meters of him before he seated himself down on a black boulder to take a break.

He changed his appearance to that of an old man, looking incomparably thin and dripping with blood all over. His limbs and back were marked with several bone-deep arrow scars, and his entire robe was blood-drenched. He looked extremely miserable.

Because of the three forces in Ye Qingyu's body, his injuries recovered very slowly, whether it was the injury sustained in his battle against Jiang Xioahan, or the ones suffered in the past two hours. As a result, Ye Qingyu looked very miserable, like a prisoner who had escaped from the execution site.

“Damn, those things are really ruthless.”

Ye Qingyu initiated changes in his muscles and bones, restoring them to their original appearance.

He understood why so many hunters were frantically trying to chase after him.

As a nobody from a lower domain, without any impressive successes nor any cultivation base, backer and background, to suddenly appear in the Domain Alliance's list of wanted criminals and also be ranked at the top twenty, in the eyes of many other forces he was simply a piece of fatty meat.

A piece of fatty meat that could be easily eaten by anyone.

Everyone wanted to eat this fatty meat, and were afraid that others would beat them to it, so they became even frantic.

“I must think of a way to get rid of these crazy pursuers.”

After several moments, Ye Qingyu slowly opened his eyes.

He was very clear that, if these pursuers continued to interfere, even if they did not kill him, he would be annoyed to death and have no time and energy to find the Black Demon Herb to complete the assessment task.

“I wonder whether these hunters and the Black Demon Race's arrest team use the same method to discover my tracks?”

Ye Qinyu knitted his brows in deep thought.

It was definitely not due to his physical appearance and other factors, because he had already considered those.

He sat down on a rock, and after an hour finally made a speculation.

“They must have sensed my whereabouts from the fluctuation of yuan qi. Different martial artists, even if they cultivate yuan qi of the same attributes and use the same cultivation techniques, the fluctuation of their yuan qi would be absolutely different. In theory, due to the difference in aptitude, level of cultivation, cultivation habits and other reasons, every martial artist's fluctuation of yuan qi would be unique. I have revealed my strength in Sunrise City, as well as the battle of Clear River Domain. It is very simple for the Domain Alliance to want to get my fluctuation of yuan qi...”

With this thought, Ye Qingyu's eyes lit up.

If that's the case...
he thought and decided to seal his yuan qi.

Because of the purple, green and silver, the three powers, the majority of yuan qi in Ye Qingyu's body had been solidified, but still was not completely sealed. His limbs, bones and meridians still contained solidified yuan qi, which allowed the outside world to perceive his aura.

Reverse mantra.

Ye Qingyu endured the sharp pain that felt as if his body was being tear apart, and forcibly activated the semi-solidified yuan qi into the barren dantian world, and then eventually into the yuan qi ocean, and completely sealed in the yuan qi ocean. Even the brilliance on the Yuan Qi True Self Doppelganger was instantly gone.

This was self-sealing.

Once a martial artist initiates self-sealing, his yuan qi cultivation would disappear completely.

With the yuan qi gone, naturally there would be no fluctuation of yuan qi.

But this would also make a peerless expert become a strong ordinary person. After all, the inner yuan was a martial artist's strongest force which they cultivated during their lifetime, as well as the foundation of formation martial arts.

But Ye Qingyu did not have to worry about that.

This was because he also had [Supreme Ice Flame], Power of Wind and Chaotic Thunder Liquid, the three forces. No matter which, each was enough to prevent the strength of Ye Qingyu from declining.

“That's it, I hope my guess is right.”

Ye Qingyu drew a long breath then walked out of the rocky forest.

This time he changed into a big-eyed and thick-browed young man. He did not do too much to disguise himself this time. He simply looked calm and was neither fast nor slow. He did not cover his traces as he continue into the 17th district of the Black Demon Abyss.

……

At the edge of a cliff in the wilderness.

A figure that had concealed his aura and yuan qi, and had completely integrated with the Void produced a cold hum.

“What's going on? The aura of the little bastard is gone... Has he been killed? How could he die so easily? It's not good news. Only when he's alive, he's more valuable to me...”

This figure was namely Huang Tayun.

After the battle in the [Fallen God Abyss], the news of Jiang Xiaohan had completely shocked Huang Tayun. He had secretly been following Ye Qingyu, and from time to time had posted his whereabouts on the reward list.

But just now, he was surprised to find that Ye Qingyu's aura had disappeared.

……

Ye Qingyu revealed a smile on his face.

He was incredibly happy.

In the past two hours, the pursuers and the Black Demon Race arrest team had not managed to find him.

His speculation was right.

The bounty list of the Domain Alliance indeed relied on the fluctuations of yuan qi to locate his whereabouts, and those crazy hunters as well as the Black Demon Race's arrest team traced him down using the token and list. Once he was within a certain range the token and sub-list would produce a response.

Now that Ye Qingyu had sealed himself, the token and the list had lost their effectiveness.

Ye Qingyu finally breathed a sigh of relief.

He could continue to do what he wanted to do.

Along the way, Ye Qingyu also saw experts from the major domains and races. The eruption of the demon tide had attracted countless people and various evil monsters. All kinds of news were spreading wildly, and from them Ye Qingyu also obtained some extremely useful news.

The exact location of the demon tide this time was indeed in the depths of the 17th district, in a place called Taowu mountain range.

There was no record of the Taowu mountain range in the Administrative Hall, but Ye Qingyu had heard Elder Yan Wushuang mention it before.

The martial arts emperor of the Black Demon Race who founded the Black Demon Abyss thousands of years ago had once domesticated a spiritual beast, called [Taowu]. It was shaped like a tiger, with thick whiskers and human-like facial features. Its four claws were like those of tigers. Its fangs were incomparably sharp and it was a very terrifying beast in the ancient times. During the God and DevilAge it was known as one of the [Four Fiercest] beasts.

Legend has it that [Taowu] was extremely ferocious, powerful and fearless, and had accompanied the Black Demon Race emperor around the world. It was said that every expert that its fangs had ripped into would collapse and die on the spot. For thousands of years, it had devoured many great sages and experts. Most importantly, during the most important battle before the establishment of the Black Demon Abyss, it was said that a quasi-emperor demon expert had died under its fangs.

The name of this fierce beast had sent the world quaking in the past.

Later, after the disappearance of the emperor of the Black Demon Race, the spiritual beast remained in the Black Demon Abyss, guarding the huge city that its master had left behind.

The place called Taowu mountain range was named as a result due to the shape of the mountains which resembled the legendary spiritual beast.

In the past three days, there was a large number of treasures being spurted out of the Taowu mountain range. The scene was extremely spectacular.

It was reported that among the treasures spurted out, there not only were divine weapons and spiritual jewels, but also various medicinal herbs that were rarely found in Black Demon Abyss, including the Black Demon Herb that Ye Qingyu had been searching for.

This news made Ye Qingyu incredibly excited——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 724:


Chapter 742, Taowu Mountain Range



It was the first time that Ye Qingyu had heard news about the Black Demon Herb since entering the 17th district.

The news was like a glimmer of light on a long and dark road. It suddenly brightened up Ye Qingyu's plans. The moment he heard the news he immediately had an urge to to plunder the entire Taowu Mountain Range.

But the next moment, he was a little hesitant.

He had been searching for it hard but was repeatedly ruined. However, the moment he arrived in the 17th district, the news about the Black Demon Herb had reached him. This was all too coincidental.

More importantly, every time he encountered an attack from experts on this road he would also obtain some seemingly inadvertently leaked news, as though it had been arranged in advance. Could it be another trap waiting for him on this road, just like how the Black Armor Race drew him into the [Fallen God Abyss]?

Ye Qingyu dared not to lower his guard.

But even with that in mind, in the end he still had no other choice.

The terrain of the 17th districtr was incredibly complex, and he did not have the slightest clue about the environment where Black Demon Herbs grew——In the end, Ye Qingyu was not certain whether or not Black Demon Herb existed in the 17th or 18th district. Under such a premise, rather than search everywhere like a blind person, he thought that he might as well try his luck in the Taowu Mountain Range.

At least he would save a lot of time by doing so.

“I’ve already wasted a lot of time in Black Demon Abyss. Since there is a clue now, it is better than blindly looking around.”

After a thought, Ye Qingyu made the decision to continue towards the center of the 17th district.

……

After an hour.

Swoosh!

A stream of purple light cut across the Black Demon qi-filled sky, landing silently on the center of the mountain range of the 17th district.

The dense purple mist flashed slightly, and the figure of Ye Qingyu gradually appeared.

Behind him was a pair of lightning wings formed from the power of the purple Chaotic Thunder Liquid, which was gradually dimming and fading. In order to increase his speed, Ye Qingyu controlled the power of the Chaotic Thunder Liquid to turn into wings, allowing him to travel at lightning speed.

He studied the surroundings.

Ye Qingyu found that the surrounding environment was more terrifying than it was compared to when he had just entered the 17th district.

The boundless rocky wilderness was more like a dead city of Asura.

There was not a single plant, and everywhere was a dead and lifeless atmosphere, like a barren land. The originally eerie and dark fog-like demonic qi was mixed with a strange fiendish blood qi, shrouding the endless dark and gloomy mountain range completely. It almost seemed as if the Heaven and earth were connected into one.

On an unknown valley in the distance.

Within a distance of hundreds of meters was a blood lake formed from the blood and essence of experts of different races.

The mutilated corpses of experts of the Fiendgod Race, Human Race, and Demon Race were floating across the blood lake, which was filled with a mixture of incomparably bloody stench and the complex yuan qi of various experts. As far as the eye could see there were several mountain peak-like corpses of mighty demons experts around the desolate mountain ridges.

After death, demon experts would be returned to their original form. Their thousands of years of life had made their body as huge as a mountain. The corpses of the huge demon experts, although they had already completely lost their life force, still had demonic power surging around. It formed a number of blood-coloured qi waves overhead that directly severed apart the Black Demon qi.

Ye Qingyu looked the hellish scene with a very complicated look flashing in his eyes.

In a fight for treasures, there would surely be bloodshed.

But the scene before him, which was like doomsday, still shocked him. The majority of the fallen experts had been cultivating for many years in order to reach the level that they had achieved. With the stomp of their foot they could certainly make countless creatures tremble and cry in fear, but they were drawn here because of the news of the eruption of the demon tide, and ended up becoming corpses in the wilderness. A thousand years of attainment had been destroyed at once.

With a slight sigh, Ye Qingyu continued into the depths.

However, changes began to happen——

Swoosh!

From the sea of Black Demon clouds, suddenly there was a bolt of red and black lightning shooting out, aimed straight at the head of Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu’s eyes flashed.

He raised his hand into the air.

The red and black lightning froze.

The flowing light, which was flashing red and black, was wrapped in a hand that was sparking with a layer of purple lightning, firmly imprisoned inside.

There was a sudden blaze of black light.

It soon transformed into a red-black spear exuding a fierce killing intent.

The spear issued a deafening roar as it trembled incessantly with a blinding brilliance, like a living being desperately struggling, seemingly trying to break free from the imprisonment. However, Ye Qingyu's hand did not move an inch, completely suppressing the spear.

“What? You... give it back!”

In the sea of bBlack Demon clouds above the Void, suddenly there was a resounding roar of shock and anger.

A young expert broke out of the clouds, his figure like a trailing meteor, rapidly launching attacks from the air.

Ye Qingyu knitted his brows in a slight frown.

He lifted his hand and directly threw a punch toward the slightly surging sea of black clouds.

“Ah!”

The figure that just broke out the clouds was instantly sent flying.

With a miserable scream, the young expert fell directly onto a mountain twenty meters away like a broken kite.

As he struggled, several of his bones were broken. He constantly recoiled, until he could no longer activate his qi, and spurted out a jet of blood from his mouth. Helplessly watching Ye Qingyu slowly approaching, his face was twisted with shock and fear.

Just now, because he saw that Ye Qingyu was dressed in rags, riddled with scars, and without a trace of yuan qi, looking like a stray lamb, he did not hesitate to attack.

But he did not expect his strength to be so terrifying that a gentle punch from him was enough to send him flying!

Thinking back to how casual the other side was as he issued an attack, and then to the power of chaos that was contained in that punch, the youngster knew that he really had met a real top expert. He felt his death was coming, and could not help revealing a look of despair that fell over his face.

Ye Qingyu's figure flashed, reappearing right in front of the young expert.

The spear in his hand was still producing a tragic shriek, but the force of struggle was not as strong as before.

“Who are you, and why did you sneak up on me?” Ye Qingyu asked coldly.

“I... hahaha, for whoever steps into the Taowu Mountain Range, either it is you who will die or me. All living beings have been killed or gone bloodthirsty. It doesn't matter who you are, since all the people who have come to take the treasures away are enemies.” The young expert's aura was disorderly. Knowing that he was going die, he did not beg for mercy and instead burst into a state of wild laughter.

In his eyes, there still was a crazy bloodthirsty red light.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

Indeed, greed can plunge people into a state if inexplicable madness.

The demon tide had erupted, and countless treasures had gushed out. It naturally attracted many greedy people that fought over the treasures and slaughtered any person that they may have encountered. The killings among the major forces and sect experts had created the hellish scene that he saw earlier.

The young expert swept his eyes over Ye Qingyu, gritting his teeth, “Why are you asking so much? Attack, I underestimated you, you were in rags and I thought you were an easy target, I did not expect... you were pretending to be a pig to eat a tiger, I have no regrets.”

Ye Qingyu, looking at the young expert who pretended not to be afraid to die, couldn't help finding it amusing.

After a thought, he said, “You have been seriously injured and can't do anything now. Since you and I are of the same race, if you leave Black Demon Abyss I can let you live. Otherwise, the next time, you won't have such good luck.”

“You're not going to kill me?” the young expert exclaimed.

As if in this Asura hell, the practice of mercy was abnormal.

“End. Quickly leave.” Ye Qingyu nodded lightly.

“You... fine, thank you. I was wrong before... you are a lot better than the descendants of the Sky Meteor Sect and the Sinful Pit. The mountain does not change, I hope that we never meet again!” The youngster stumbled, activated yuan qi, turned into a black light, and disappeared where he was.

Ye Qingyu gently relaxed his grip.

Freed from the imprisonment, the spear instantly turned into a bolt of red and black lightning and disappeared with a flash of light.

Heavenly Meteor Sect, Sinful Pit?

What kinds of sects were they?

The young expert made a point of mentioning these two sects, could it be that they were some super forces and that their descendants were incredibly strong?

It seemed that there were many sects here to take treasures.

There was caution in Ye Qingyu’s heart.

Including the Saintess of Jade Pearl and the Third Prince of Kaiyang, as well as the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race, Ye Qingyu already knew about many of the top forces that were competing for the treasures of the demon tide.

“Seems like I have to make good use of the time.”

Ye Qingyu continued to forge ahead.

In the following one hour.

Ye Qingyu once again encountered a sneak attack.

The expert saw that Ye Qingyu was covered with injuries and that there was no fluctuation of yuan qi, and so thought that he was an easy target and intended to snatch treasures off him. But he was instead directly struck flying.

But along the way, Ye Qingyu also gathered a lot of new information.

It turned out that the location of the demon tide eruption was in the deepest part of the Taowu Mountain Range. Every place where treasure had gushed out was all turned into a door of darkness formed from the convergence of black demonic qi. At present, these doors of darkness were occupied and controlled by the top sect forces. As a result, the other experts could only watch from a distance and gather the treasures they had missed.

It was for this reason that such a large-scale battle among experts had been triggered.

After all, no one wanted to go through such a dangerous trip but return empty-handed.

But Ye Qingyu also heard that those top sects and forces who occupied the doors of darkness were not at peace with each other. They were also fighting both openly and in secret means, and had led to a large number of casualties of experts and geniuses.

An hour later.

Ye Qingyu could finally see the outline of Taowu Mountain Range from afar.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

