Chapter 1049:


Chapter 1064 - Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor


Ye Qingyu had already noticed that this young man probably came from an influential background.

However, these guards seem to make this young man sound more important than he initially thought.

Nonetheless, this information didn't deter him.

Since he experienced the Quasi-emperor battle in space, he no longer feared any force nor existence in this world. To him, the more important and influential this young man in the brocade robe was, the more he should mercilessly get rid of this young man. This young man was full of nefarious plots so the harm that he could cause was far greater than an ordinary man.

"Get lost, I'm going to crush him personally," the young man in a brocade robe pushed the guards who protected him aside and strode toward Ye Qingyu. "Remember my name - I'm Ye Chongsheng. Today is the day that I'll crush you here in this mourning hall and completely bury the era that belonged to Ren Puyang. The so-called [Ice Sword Killing God] would also be treated as a joke," he bellowed.

The guards who were supposed to be protected him looked on helplessly and also with some embarrassment.

"Sir, I think it'd be better for you to leave. You don't know who you're dealing with," the guard who spoke earlier blocked Ye Qingyu's path once more and continued darkly, "This is my final warning. Please leave before you make a terrible mistake. Things here are more complicated than you can imagine."

"You're protecting a man who shouldn't be protected."

Ye Qingyu raised his ice sword and sword radiance blasted mercilessly.

These guards were no better than the young man since they were aiding this wicked man.

"You... don't know what's good for you," the guard shouted loudly, "[Yellow Sand Hundred Battle Golden Armor]. Appear!"

His body flashed with splendor and instantly a golden armor appeared and enveloped his body. This was a formation armor that gave off an ancient aura and gleamed with a dazzling golden glow. Mysterious and powerful formations swirled around it and every inch of this armor perfectly wrapped the guard's entire body within it. It was as though the guard had been possessed by a War God and surprisingly, faint Emperor qi also circulated around his body.

This armor could be used to attack and defend. It was even more powerful than a fake Emperor weapon.

This was definitely not a relic of the current era.

Ye Qingyu immediately deduced the moment he saw the armor. He had an extremely profound knowledge of formationss and was sure that after the [Formation Emperor] Luoso disappeared, there was no one else who would be able to craft such a powerful armor... Ye Chongsheng's background was truly something else. Could he be from an ancient and lost tribe who have been in hiding?

"Ye Qingyu, retreat now or die."

The moment his armor enveloped him, this guard stopped trying to coax Ye Qingyu out of attacking the young man but instead became more commanding and domineering.

"You don't know what you're saying," Ye Qingyu stabbed out with his ice swords.

The guard scoffed and punched out with both fists.

Boom!

There was a massive explosion of forces.

His double punch collided heavily against the ice swords and the golden force from his punches burst forth like a fiery flame as though it was about to consume the ice swords, then burn Ye Qingyu alive. He didn't hold back anything in his attack. Despite Ye Qingyu being a fellow human, he shouldn't have offended their Young Lord.

"Die!"

He shouted angrily.

Divine light swirled around the Emperor qi golden armor.

The expressions of the experts of the various races quickly changed. The force that he had displayed was extremely frightening and was extremely close to the power of a Quasi-emperor.

However ——

"Get lost!"

Ye Qingyu shouted. His ice sword shuddered and several cracks appeared on his sword, but these cracks disappeared very quickly. As for that guard, he suddenly felt a formidable force charge toward him, so powerful that no words could describe it. He was so shaken by this force that he felt that his arms had been broken and layers of ripples appeared on his golden armor as though it was about to crack. He was sent flying backward and up high into the sky.

"That was a warning. I showed you mercy earlier but there will be no second chance. All those who stand in my way shall die."

Ye Qingyu's white robes were like jade and his black hair danced wildly in the wind like fiery flames while ice crystals and snow swirled all around him. He looked like a divine king who had walked out of ice and snow, completely unstoppable.

Everyone was completely stunned.

How could this be possible?

Ye Qingyu's strength had increased once more and was now extremely similar to a Quasi-emperor. He seemed to be mightier than he had been during the battle with the experts from the Demon Race headquarters. Was it possible that he hadn't truly displayed his full prowess when he had been attacked by those twenty fake Emperor weapons earlier?

How could he be so strong?

He was ridiculously strong.

As for the Second Deputy of the Demon Race and the others, their minds were blank. They felt that they had made the right decision earlier by choosing to stop battling on. Otherwise, they would be the ones on the receiving end of such terrifying power. Even if the remaining fifty or so Demon Race experts charged at him together, Ye Qingyu was so strong that they would barely inflict any damage on him.

For the first time, these Demon Race experts truly started to consider whether they had been in the wrong to interfere in the affairs of the Human Race this time —— This didn't have anything to do with right or wrong, but had everything to do with profit and gain. Now, this had gotten them into trouble even before they profited from their actions. Although they had indeed managed to use this opportunity to get rid of several promising White-robed Divine Guards, the Demon Race experts that faced him right now seemed to be greater in numbers and more powerful than the Divine Guards who they've killed.

Perhaps, it might be better to put a stop to this before the situation got to a point where it was beyond redemption?

Before they knew it, the Demon Race experts started to consider forming a truce with Ye Qingyu.

Boom!

Once again, sword light flashed.

Another guard who had also summoned the [Yellow Sand Hundred Battle Golden Armor] was also sent flying.

"Didn't you boast that you were going to crush me? Come on, let me have a taste of how powerful you are," Ye Qingyu moved like a tiger through a herd of sheep. He was absolutely unstoppable.

The guards who were protecting Ye Chongsheng had all summoned the [Yellow Sand Hundred Battle Golden Armor] and faint Emperor qi swirled around their bodies. They were all peak Great Saint experts and with the added boost of the [Yellow Sand Hundred Battle Golden Armor], they were now almost as powerful as Quasi-emperors, powerful enough to crush many large forces, but they weren't even able to handle a single blow from Ye Qingyu. They were all sent flying with blood gushing from their mouths when his sword light from his ice sword blasted outward.

"You're courting death," Ye Chongsheng growled angrily. There was a flash from the golden ring on his finger and a set of purple gold divine armor appeared.

This set of purple gold divine armor was even more precious and many times more powerful than the [Yellow Sand Hundred Battle Golden Armor]. Dragon scales protected his body, a dragon helmet protected his head, dragon claws appeared at his feet while dragon horns were sharp swords to be wielded. Dense Emperor qi circulated around him and the purple gold divine splendor was like sunlight from the beginning of time. Ye Chongsheng resembled a Divine Dragon King who had descended from the Nine Heavens and exuded an incredibly mighty aura. The aura that he exuded alone was enough to make all the experts in the mourning hall feel a shiver of fear run down their spines.

"This is... the legendary divine armor - the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor]!" An expert from the Dubhe Race exclaimed in surprise.

The [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] was a supreme treasure of the Human Race and was considered one of the two divine armors of the Human Race together with the [Infinity Light Armor]. It was said to have a long history and was extremely similar to an Emperor weapon. Whoever wore this armor would be rendered completely invincible and this armor had disappeared for many millennia. No one had expected... who exactly was this man known as Ye Chongsheng?

"Ha ha ha ha, Ye Qingyu, I would now be able to crush you with a single finger," Ye Chongsheng chuckled loudly and his voice was boosted by the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] and echoed extremely mightily with an authority that could not be defied. He no longer sounded like a human but rather, he sounded incredibly frightening, "If you kneel down and beg for mercy, I'll spare your friends and your life so that you may witness a new era without Ren Puyang."

"Moron."

Ye Qingyu laughed coldly and spread out both his palms. Both his ice swords levitated upward and their sword tips pointed outward as they floated in front of his chest. Then he gave them a shove and they instantly transformed into two beams of icy flowing light that hurtled forward.

"You're too weak."

Ye Chongsheng laughed savagely. He stretched out both hands that were covered in tiny golden dragon scales and easily grabbed the two large ice swords that shot toward him.

Crack.

As he spoke, those ice swords were shattered into ice shards.

"Such an attack is simply... huh?" Ye Chongsheng smiled tauntingly.

Before he could finish his sentence, his laughter turned into a groan. Ye Qingyu had turned into a flowing light and instantly appeared by his side. He had moved as fast as he could, then he tore apart the defensive halo of the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] as easily as he was tearing a piece of paper. Then, he sent out a punch toward Ye Chongsheng's stomach that exploded with a terrifying force. Ye Chongsheng bent over, then he shot out like a canon.

Boom!

He crashed into the stone pillar that was ten meters behind him and slumped feebly on the ground.

At that moment, he couldn't even rise to his feet.

"Ha ha, [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor]? Is that all it can do?"

Ye Qingyu flexed his fingers and shook his head in disappointment.

The crowd noticed to their astonishment that his palm was now also covered with layers of dragon scales. However, instead of being purple gold, they were silver and as white as snow. They were even finer than Ye Chongsheng's dragon armor and even more full of vitality, as though they were part of his body. It was clear that he hadn't used an external armor but that these were True Dragon claws.

Was he an incarnation of a True Dragon?

Or was the True Dragon an incarnation of himself?

Was this the secret to his strength and power?

Was he so powerful that even the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] was unable to withstand a single punch from him?

"Master?"

"Damn!"

"Surround him."

"Kill him. We've got to kill him at all costs."

The moment those guards clad in their [Yellow Sand Hundred Battle Golden Armor] saw what had happened, they all charged toward Ye Qingyu in a frenzy.

"I've already given you all a chance earlier."

Ye Qingyu's eyes hardened with resolve.

Boom!

The [True Will of the Sky Dragon] and the peak force from the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra] burst forth together as he punched out and the first guard was smashed into pieces along with his [Yellow Sand Hundred Battle Golden Armor]. Blood and bones splattered everywhere and instantly, there was nothing left of him.

A frightening killing intent exploded from Ye Qingyu.

"How is that possible?"

The rest of the guards were extremely astonished.

The [Yellow Sand Hundred Battle Golden Armor] was a divine artifact that had once been kept in close proximity to an Emperor weapon and had been tainted with Emperor qi. It was even more powerful than the primeval artifacts and even if it were to be attacked by a fake Emperor weapon, it would be hard to crack this armor and it also had incredible healing properties but yet, it had been smashed into pieces by a single punch.

Their greatest weapon had been rendered useless.

These guards who had been both cold and arrogant earlier finally started to panic.

After all, everyone was afraid of death.

"Kill him. Get rid of him for me. Ah! Ah! Ah!" Ye Chongsheng crawled up to his feet and bellowed angrily. He activated his [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] as he charged toward Ye Qingyu and roared, "He must die. Attack as one... kill him!"

He had become a little deranged.

This young man was extremely spoilt, so he also had an extremely bad temperament.

He had never experienced any hardships and had been relying on his background the entire time, so he was unable to handle defeat at all.

Boom!

Ye Qingyu punched out.

Ye Chongsheng was sent flying once more.

There was a flash of splendor.

Ye Qingyu moved even faster and instantly appeared on top of Ye Chongsheng, following him as closely as a shadow. Then, he stepped down on Ye Chongsheng and sent him crashing down to the ground.

Golden light flashed everywhere.

The rest of the guards steeled themselves and rushed forward in an attempt to rescue their master.

"Get lost!"

Ye Qingyu's fist force burst forth and countless [Great Light Dragon Punch] prints that were as translucent as snow exploded everywhere.

Puff! Puff! Puff!

The golden figures who charged toward him were unable to withstand the force from his punches and were instantly sent flying with blood gushing from their mouths.

Boom! Boom Boom!

A terrifying force continually smashed against the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor].

Ye Qingyu turned into a killing god as he attacked mercilessly. This divine armor was indeed powerful and it didn't crack at all but neither was it able to withstand all the force and pressure he was piling on it. Ye Chongsheng roared angrily under his armor and struggled with all his might as he exerted the power of the divine armor. He tried countless times to stage a counterattack but he was unable to escape from under Ye Qingyu's feet. Many of his bones were already broken and blood gushed violently from his mouth.

"Once a useless creature, you'd forever be a useless creature. Even after you've worn the armor, you're still unable to take a single blow," Ye Qingyu's eyes were cold as he stared at him. "I don't understand. How could someone as useless as you summon up the courage to provoke me? You've defiled the supreme divine armor of the Human Race simply by wearing it!"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1050:


Chapter 1065 Summoning the Parent


"How dare you insult me?" Ye Chongsheng cried out in rage and struggled with all his might.

He felt that all his blood had rushed into his head and that he was about to explode. No one had ever dared to step on him and hurl insults at him, so he felt himself going crazy. He frantically exerted his yuan qi and used a mysterious technique to activate the mysteries of the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor]. Purple-golden light exploded with an ear-splitting roar of a True Dragon and a mighty force surged forth as he finally managed to free himself from Ye Qingyu's feet.

"I'm going to kill you." Ye Chongsheng was on the brink of insanity. His eyes were bloodshot and he released a feral growl.

He activated the dragon saber and dragon sword of his [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] and they transformed into a purple-gold hurricane that charged toward Ye Qingyu.

Bam!

Ye Qingyu smashed out with his fist and easily sent him flying.

Baboom!

Ye Chongsheng crashed heavily against the pillar of the mourning hall with a loud bang. The ice formations above it flickered and cracks appeared on the pillar. If Ye Qingyu had not reinforced the pillar with his ice formations, it would have been smashed by the frightening force.

"Trash will always remain trash," Ye Qingyu said coldly as he drew closer to Ye Chongsheng.

"Shut up! You're just a lowly being from a lower domain... Hahahaha, I can continue to battle you, haha. The [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] is an Emperor weapon, so as long as you can't break past my defenses, I'll be able to drain you of all your power," Ye Chongsheng growled angrily like a lunatic. He laughed maniacally and ferociously as he exerted his [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] to its maximum limit. Wisps of Emperor qi circulated in the midst of its purple splendor mist, as though multiple purple-gold dragons were swirling around him.

He calmed down and changed his combat strategy. He decided that he would drain Ye Qingyu of all his yuan qi.

"Moron, when an Emperor weapon is controlled by someone like you, it is like a child trying to wield a knife. How powerful could it be then?" Ye Qingyu charged forward in a flash and used his dragon claws to tear apart the protective dragon qi that surrounded the armor. Then, he sent Ye Chongsheng flying with a kick.

Boom! Boom Boom!

Countless fist prints rained down frantically on Ye Chongsheng like a violent tempest.

Ye Qingyu constantly changed positions in the Void; it was as though dozens of Ye Qingyus had appeared at once. Fist prints appeared from various points in the Void and gave Ye Chongsheng a good beating while he was still sailing through the air. He was unable to crash to the ground, nor was he able to control his own body. He was like a stalk of grass that had been swept into a violent tempest—he was in a miserable state.

Ye Chongsheng was also a peak Great Saint expert and he was now extremely strong after his power received a boost from the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor]. He could be considered the most terrifying person present amongst all the experts, but he was still not Ye Qingyu's match and was not even able to counter with an attack of his own. If it were not for the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor], he would probably have been reduced to a pile of rotten flesh by this time.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

As the punches rained down on Ye Chongsheng, everyone in the mourning hall felt as though they were experiencing the same force.

Many experts of the foreign races had turned pale.

This scene was far too terrifying.

No one could understand how a human from a lower domain—a barbarian who was from a new domain that fell so far behind the civilization of the martial way—could become so powerful in such a short period of time. Was he the reincarnation of an ancient martial Emperor? Each time they assumed they had already overestimated his strength and had already taken all precautions, Ye Qingyu would tear their misconceptions apart.

They had a feeling that Ye Qingyu would be able to increase his strength at any given moment as long as the situation called for it, regardless of who his opponent might be.

All these experts of the foreign races were consumed with regret.

They should have heeded his earlier warning and left the mourning hall while they still had the chance to do so.

They did not take him seriously back then, but now that the entire mourning hall was sealed in ice, it was like a jail cell. Mo Pi had put all his might behind his attack earlier but he was still unable to force the doors open. This meant that it wasn't practical to try to force the door open because they might also provoke Ye Qingyu and die an even earlier death. This Madman Ye was clearly trapping all of them here to beat them into submission, and he was not planning to let a single one of them off the hook.

Boom!

There was a tremendous crash.

Ye Chongsheng slammed heavily to the ground once again.

He landed with such a tremendous crash that tremors shook the entire mourning hall.

Ye Chongsheng slumped to the ground.

The [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] was covered in foot prints and fist prints, and each print had clearly dented his armor. They were several inches deep and the fist marks could clearly be seen; it was a ghastly sight. The divine relic, the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor], was a shadow of its original structure and now resembled a piece of purple-gold scrap metal.

Ye Chongsheng, who was enveloped within the armor, had probably turned into minced meat.

Soon afterward, a powerful healing energy was released and purple qi swirled around it, the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] regained its original form.

"You... you can't kill me..." Ye Chongsheng's voice rang out from within the armor tauntingly. "Hehe, hahahaha, what can you do to me now?"

It did not matter if he was beaten into a pulp, as long as his spirit was unharmed, he could still heal himself instantly.

Once a martial artist attained the Great Saint realm, their blood qi was so abundant that even if their physical bodies were smashed into pieces, they would be able to heal themselves with a single thought. Although the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] had been dented by Ye Qingyu's powerful force, it had the ability to block all mental energy. Therefore, it could protect his spirit from coming to harm. And as long as his spirit was not injured, his blood qi would remain abundant and it would be easy to restore his physical body. To a peak Great Saint expert like Ye Chongsheng, it was not difficult to restore his smashed body back to its original form.

He was like a cockroach that just would not die.

Everyone was secretly astonished.

The supreme treasure of the Human Race, the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor], truly lived up to its name. It was indeed full of wondrous abilities.

Without this armor, Ye Chongsheng would have died countless times over.

But with this armor, Ye Chongsheng could not be killed.

Even if Ye Qingyu were to constantly attack him for ten thousand years, he would not have been able to kill Ye Chongsheng.

No matter what, Ye Chongsheng was now invincible.

"Haha, you shameless creature, didn't you say that you wanted to crush me?" Ye Qingyu said derisively. "You're now being beaten up like a dog and don't even dare to retaliate, like a tortoise curled up in its shell. Not just that, you're still making such arrogant statements. Do you exist in this world as a joke for others to laugh at? Do you dare to face me head-on without your armor?"

"Hahahaha, you can't do anything to me and I'm no fool either. There's no way I'd take this armor off and let myself be killed. Ye Qingyu, remember this. You've thoroughly infuriated me and I'll make sure that you regret this moment." Ye Chongsheng was incensed and said thoughtlessly, "Haha, I'm not going to come out of the armor. Try breaking past my defenses if you're so strong. You can call me all sorts of names right now. Hehe, your tongue might be sharp but you can't kill me. I'll kill you one day together with all your friends. No one in this world will be able to survive after insulting and infuriating me. I'll make you live in pain for the rest of your life and kill every single acquaintance of yours..."

His words were extremely vicious and caused a shiver of fear to run down everyone's spines.

Ye Qingyu laughed softly and looked at him with pity, "Is that so? Unfortunately, I won't give you the chance to carry out your threats."

Then, he reached into the Void.

The [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] transformed into a thin dagger and appeared in his palm.

The thin dagger swirled with blood-colored splendor. It looked simple and plain, without any elaborate markings. It did not exude a powerful nor piercing aura, but for some reason, Ye Chongsheng's heart suddenly raced when he saw the blood-colored dagger in Ye Qingyu's hands. He felt an impending threat of death looming, to his disbelief.

Ye Qingyu closed in on him with his dagger.

"Oh no..." Ye Chongsheng sensed danger and retreated.

"I'm going to break your tortoise shell right now," Ye Qingyu said as he charged forward with his dagger.

"No... Stop him. Stop him right now." Ye Chongsheng was yelling in fright as he hastily retreated.

The guards who had been sent flying earlier immediately exerted their [Yellow Sand Hundred Battle Golden Armor] frantically and charged at Ye Qingyu like moths to a flame.

"What a pity," Ye Qingyu said with a sigh.

These Human Race experts were all peak Great Saints and they were relatively unknown and hardly ever made an appearance, so they were probably elite soldiers trained by some lost tribe. If they could be put to good use, they'd definitely be able to be a great help to the Human Race. It was a pity that they submitted to someone like Ye Chongsheng and were unable to distinguish right from wrong. Ye Qingyu had already shown them mercy earlier by not killing them all.

This time, he was not prepared to show them mercy any longer.

He waved his blood-colored dagger.

Swish!

Peak Divine Emperor sword will appeared.

A ray of silver light arced across the sky and it sliced everything that stood in its way in two. Those dozen or so guards clad in golden armor were also sliced in two as easily as though it was cutting through rotten wood. The [Yellow Sand Hundred Battle Golden Armor], which had incredible healing and defensive abilities, was torn as easily as a piece of thin paper, completely unable to defend against that sword light.

Sixteen powerful experts perished instantly.

"My god."

"What kind of sword was that?"

"Oh my god..."

Astonished exclamations could be heard all throughout the mourning hall.

Ou Wuji's and Wei Wubing's expressions immediately changed.

How did Ye Qingyu come into possession of such a treasure?

Ou Wuji felt like he was about to explode.
How could Ye Qingyu product one trump card after another each time? And how could he have such rich resources?

Ye Qingyu's figure flashed, then he appeared in front of Ye Chongsheng.

"You… can't break past my divine armor. It'll be impossible for you to defeat me," Ye Chongsheng yelled angrily as he countered with an attack. The purple-gold dragon shadows swirled around him, looking extremely realistic, while his [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] gave off a series of divine dragon growls, as though it was truly about to turn into a purple divine dragon that chose its prey. This was his final desperate counter-attack.

Ye Qingyu waved the blood-colored dagger in his hand.

"It's time to end this."

The dagger faintly flickered with light-purple qi.

The [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] had absorbed the purple qi after Quasi-emperor Mushan perished at the Quasi-emperor battle in space, so this purple qi was genuine Quasi-emperor qi. When a small amount of it was released together with his peak Divine Emperor sword will and complemented by the sharpness of the [Blood Drinker Sword], it finally exploded with terrifying ferocity. And with a small hiss, the blood-colored dagger had pierced through the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor].

"Aah…"

Ye Chongsheng finally let out a terrified shriek.

When the dagger pulled away, it was stained with blood.

He was injured and a frightening force had invaded his body with the intent to kill his spirit.

"Do you think you'll be able to kill me this easily? You're underestimating the power of the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor]," he growled as he exerted his mysterious technique. Then, the shadows of the divine dragons entered the armor and destroyed the unwanted force within his body.

"Oh, really?" Ye Qingyu said as he continued to brandish his sword mercilessly.

Puff!

Another wound appeared.

The [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] had once again been pierced through.

Blood splattered everywhere.

"Ah, I refuse to believe it… Impossible, I should still be able to heal myself," Ye Chongsheng roared as he was seized by terror.

He soon realized to his horror that it was not a fluke. Although his opponent's blood-colored dagger was not an Emperor weapon, it could truly pierce through his armor to seriously injure him. It was unable to completely break open the armor at that moment but it could pierce through it. This was unlike the previous attacks that had rained down on the armor without causing real damage. But this time, Ye Qingyu could truly send a destructive force into his body by piercing through the armor.

He continued to mercilessly attack with his dagger.

Each time the blood-colored dagger pierced through the armor, he would then exert a wisp of purple Emperor qi, so no one in the crowd was able to see it at all.

Quasi-emperor Mushan's purple Emperor qi was one of his trump cards. So he did not want to waste it on someone as useless as Ye Chongsheng because he was certain that the true puppet master behind the scene had yet to make his appearance.

"I'm going to go all out," Ye Chongsheng yelled.

He could already feel the shadow of death creeping up on him.

If he did not go all out, he would be drained of all his energy.

He had already noticed that the restorative properties of the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] were gradually unable to eliminate the destructive force that invaded him with each stab of the blood-colored dagger.

Boom!

An invincible divine splendor exploded from the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor], and it suddenly transformed into a realistic purple divine dragon king that flew up and charged toward Ye Qingyu. This was its most powerful ability.

Ye Chongsheng had completely lost his composure by this point. He had never been in such a miserable state in his entire life.

"A desperate and futile struggle." Ye Qingyu was determined to kill him. He slashed out with his blood-colored sword dagger and destroyed the dragon.

All of a sudden, a phantom shadow moved as fast as light and speedily retreated. Then, it instantly reappeared in front of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and reached out to grab Ren Xingyan, who was under the protection of the cauldron. It was Ye Chongsheng. He had abandoned the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] as a diversion tactic, and instead, tried to capture Ren Xingyan, Ren Puyang's last godson, as a hostage to force Ye Qingyu to halt his attacks on him.

This was his final struggle and strategy.

Ye Qingyu paused for a brief moment, then he scoffed coldly.

What a moron.

It seemed like Ye Chongsheng was not aware of how terrifying the [Cloud Top Cauldron] could be.

This was a supreme treasure that could not even be broken by the attacks of Quasi-emperors and ranked even higher than the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor]. So there was no way Ye Chongsheng would be able to break past its defenses to capture Ren Xingyan… This moron clearly did not understand him and was probably just a pawn that was discarded and sent out to die.

Sure enough, Ye Chongsheng failed.

He attacked the [Cloud Top Cauldron] with a fake Emperor weapon in his hands but he was unable to break the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Instead, he was sent flying from the feedback force.

"Aah…" He screamed like a defeated dog and transformed into a flowing light that hurtled toward the doors of the mourning hall. He attacked with his fake weapon in an attempt to break past the door and flee.

He had completely lost the will and courage to battle. All he wanted to do now was to survive.

Ye Qingyu smirked coldly and raised his hands slightly.

Swish!

The blood-colored dagger turned into a rainbow and streaked out.

Clink!

Ye Chongsheng's body was pierced through by the dagger and he was pinned against the doors of the mourning hall, which was covered in ice.

"No… I don't want to die." He struggled in panic. He could not believe that things had turned out so horribly for him. And as he looked at Ye Qingyu, who slowly strode toward him, he immediately started to beg for his life, "Please spare me. I was wrong. I admit defeat!"

"It's too late." Ye Qingyu was not about to spare him.

Someone as vengeful as Ye Chongsheng would not feel grateful even if his life was spared.

And since the situation had already reached this point, he would not show him any mercy.

Otherwise, if he released this snake, it might come back to bite him.

He was not afraid of Ye Chongsheng but he was worried that his friends would get hurt because of his actions. It would be impossible to try to defend them against every possibility, so it would be best to get rid of the root of the problem. In any case, any form of cordiality between them was thoroughly ruined, so Ye Qingyu did not think that there would be any way to repair their relationship.

"No, no, no, listen to me…" Ye Chongsheng tried to explain.

Ye Qingyu wasn't having any of it.

Ye Chongsheng started to frantically beg for his life. "Please calm down. There isn't a deep enmity between us, so please spare me. I don't want to die. You can't kill me… I'm a descendant of an ancient lost tribe, and the blood of a Human Race martial Emperor flows within my body… No, if you kill me, you'll bring disaster upon yourself…" He sniveled miserably as tears ran down his cheeks.

The arrogance that Ye Chongsheng had displayed earlier was gone and his face was twisted in fright, but he was unable to free himself from the blood-colored dagger that pinned him down like a dog in front of the door. He twisted and turned but the Blood Drinker force from the dagger gradually spread out across his body.

When they saw how frightened Ye Chongsheng was, in addition to their fearful looks, flashes of derision and scorn also appeared on the faces of the experts who were present in the hall.

This young man had been so fierce and arrogant earlier but now he was begging for mercy like a dog. The fact that a man like him not only possessed a supreme treasure like the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor], but also claimed to be the descendant of a martial Emperor of the Human Race, was an insult to the martial way and to the supreme treasure of the Human Race. Those who lacked the spirit and the will of the martial way were not fit to become martial artists.

"You can't kill him. You just can't. Stop right now," Ou Wuji cried out in alarm and rushed out from the crowd.

Ye Qingyu sneered.

Both his arms transformed into dragon claws and they gripped the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor], then slowly exerted his dominance and forced the armor to submit to him. The purple divine dragon king transformed into a purple-gold dragon ring and landed in his palm.

"Aah…" Ye Chongsheng cried out in pain.

A mysterious force had suddenly appeared in his body and this force was attempting to restore his body. A drop of blood in his heart suddenly exploded and released the force of countless formations in an attempt to defend himself against the power of the [Blood Drinker Sword] and save his life. This was probably a protective force planted within his body by an unknown but terribly powerful character.

"It's no use." Ye Qingyu was determined to kill this evildoer. And at his mental command, he activated the purple Emperor qi in the [Blood Drinker Sword].

Puff! Puff! Puff!

Ye Chongsheng's body broke apart and a vast amount of blood splashed everywhere.

His spirit was released from his body but he continued to struggle and beg for mercy. "I'm willing to do anything and be your slave. Let me go. The [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor] is yours from now on. Don't kill me…"

"You should be an ordinary human in your next life because you lack the heart of a martial artist." The killing intent in Ye Qingyu's eyes never wavered.

Suddenly, a voice rang out.

"Young man, why must you kill everyone? You've gone too far."

A terrifying power appeared outside the mourning hall, and in spite of the ice seal that locked up the entire hall, everyone inside could sense how terrifying this force was. They were like ants that faced a divine dragon high up in the Nine Heavens, and they all trembled in the face of this power, gripped by an uncontrollable terror that rolled over them. Even their teeth chattered…

A Quasi-emperor!

This was clearly the force of a Quasi-emperor.

"Ah, father… father, save me!" Ye Chongsheng was overjoyed and reacted like a drowning man who had just seen a lifeboat. He yelled frantically and his face twisted savagely once more as he looked at Ye Qingyu. "My father has arrived. Haha, you can't kill me now. You're doomed… Didn't you want to kill me? Weren't you acting all arrogant earlier? Come at me, come on. Hahahaha. An ant, you're nothing but an ant in front of my father, hahahaha!"

A trace of joy finally appeared on Ou Wuji's panicked face.

Was that person finally about to make his move?

The outcome of the battle today was now decided.

However, he had better come up with a good explanation for the events that had unfolded today because he was the one who had tricked Ye Chongsheng to come with the promise that he would be a hero. If that person was enraged… He looked uneasily at Wei Wubing, who stood beside him. He waved his red-feathered fan, his expression calm.

The rest of the foreign race experts within the hall were also pulled out of their reverie.

They all looked at Ye Qingyu with pity.

He had just been one step short of success.

Ye Qingyu was indeed an unsurpassed genius of his time and he had shown himself to be invincible by crushing all who were present today. It was a pity that he had provoked a living Quasi-emperor. This was the end. No matter how astonishing his talents were or how powerful he was, it was impossible for him to truly challenge a Quasi-emperor. He might be almost as strong as a Quasi-emperor, but ultimately, wasn't one himself. As long as he was not an Emperor, he would be an ant in front of a true Emperor.

The Second Deputy of the Demon Race also let out a sigh of relief.

This was great. The chance for them to turn the tide had arrived.

As long as the Quasi-emperor attacked and killed Ye Qingyu, then they would be able to remedy the losses of their headquarters and also smoothly carry out the plans that they had laid out. Everything would be in the hands of the Demon Race thereafter.

Almost all those who were present suddenly felt relief wash over them.

Uncle Lin, who had been protecting Ren Xingyan, had turned very pale and started to tremble as despair filled his eyes. He had been by Ren Puyang's side for so many years, so he knew that it was impossible to challenge a Quasi-emperor, who were known to be invincible. No matter how powerful someone who was not a Quasi-emperor was, that person would still not be able to go up against a true Quasi-emperor.

And once Ye Qingyu perished, they were all doomed.

The headquarters of the Human Race would be reduced to puppets and Ren Xingyan would also definitely perish. Whatever Mister Ren Puyang had painstakingly achieved during his lifetime would be reduced to dust and all his efforts would have gone down the drain… Why were the heavens so cruel? And why were the heavens so cruel to the Human Race?

Tears rolled down Uncle Lin's face as he was overcome with sorrow.

The only person who smirked coldly was the haughty young man, Lu Wei.

He looked at Ye Chongsheng as though that man was a moron and thought scornfully,
Do you think you're the only person who has the right to call your parent? Haha, I can do that too…
He obviously was not going to verbalize his thoughts since he was not prepared for what had happened earlier, but Ye Qingyu had already made all preparations before he showed up.

As he expected, another voice that was equally powerful rang out with the same matchless and terrifying authority of a Quasi-emperor. This voice immediately overpowered the earlier frightening voice and suppressed its power as it said coldly. "Let the young ones clean up their own mess."

It was the voice of an elderly Quasi-emperor.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1051:


Chapter 1066 – He Admitted Defeat


The moment this voice appeared, the tide immediately turned.

Many people could clearly sense that the moment this voice rang out, the authority of the first Quasi-emperor immediately disappeared and could no longer be felt throughout the mourning hall. The voice that had just appeared obviously also belonged to a Quasi-emperor who was on Ye Qingyu's side.

My god!

Was this Ye Qingyu's greatest source of support?

He wasn't fighting single-handedly but he also had the support of a Quasi-emperor.

Could it be [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]?

Everyone knew that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] always held Ye Qingyu in high regard.

It didn't seem right either. According to various sources, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had been attacked by other Quasi-emperors while battling for the lost treasures at the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, then he later vanished. Several well-informed super forces also released news of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] death. Later, someone heard an eminent character of the Four Stars Sect personally declare with certainty that he had witnessed [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] death.

Therefore, this news couldn't possibly be fake.

What were the other possible explanations then?

Had a new Quasi-emperor emerged from the Human Race?

Why did so many Quasi-emperors choose to support Ye Qingyu?

All these questions flashed past the minds of all who were present.

However, it wasn't worth their time mulling over such meaningless matters at this moment.

Time passed, and soon, fifteen minutes had passed in a blink of an eye. The expressions of all the experts in the mourning hall kept changing before they all finally turned pale. The voices of those two Quasi-emperors could no longer be heard and that terrifying Quasi-emperor authority had also completely disappeared and they could no longer sense it either. There could only be two possibilities. The first was that both Quasi-emperors had left this place to take their battle elsewhere and were evenly matched while the other possibility was that these two Quasi-emperors were keeping each other in check with no plans of attacking for the time being.

Either possibility had the power to turn the tide around.

This was especially so for Ye Chongsheng, since this sealed his death sentence.

His face had turned completely pale.

He started to tremble in fear and despair, "No, impossible. How could this happen…"

"Die," Ye Qingyu said with a shake of his head. "Remember to be a good person in your next lifetime after you're reincarnated."

Boom!

The [Blood Drinker Sword Pill's] power exploded, then quickly subsided.

Ye Chongsheng's spirit was instantly destroyed and turned into ashes as though it had been burnt by fire, then disappeared into the Void.

Ye Qingyu summoned the blood-colored dagger back to him with a thought, then it turned into a sword pill and circled around him before it vanished in the space between his brows. It entered his body and continued to receive nourishment from him.

All the experts within the hall started to tremble.

"You… actually dared to kill him. You…" Ou Wuji stuttered. His face was pale and his whole body shook in fear.

He was so gripped by terror that he was unable to even articulate a single sentence. Ye Qingyu's resolve, power and ruthlessness meant that there was no hope for him. Even if Ye Qingyu spared him today, the person who supported Ye Chongsheng would definitely not let him off the hook because he had been the one to lure Ye Chongsheng with the promise of becoming a hero. Now that Ye Chongsheng was dead, he would definitely have to bear the blame for his death. Although he had also secured many forces and connections who would support him over the years, he didn't have the support of a Quasi-emperor.

Therefore, Ou Wuji was certain that he was doomed.

He no longer thought about securing the position of the Human Race spokesperson. All he wanted to do was to find a way to escape with his life.

Their plan was a complete and utter failure.

Ou Wuji looked at Ye Qingyu with both resentment and fear. As he looked at this white-robed young man who stood like an Immortal, he suddenly understood what had been mentioned by countless people but have been proven by very few – all nefarious plots and schemes would be like dust in the wind in front of absolute power, small and laughable.

Wei Wubing on the other hand, took a step back and melted into the crowd, trying to make himself as insignificant as possible.

However, he didn't look too flustered.

"All those who insult the hero of the Human Race shall perish, no matter who they are," Ye Qingyu said with determination. His voice was like a sword that slammed down hard on the hearts of the experts of the foreign races and they all felt their hearts race.

He was repeating the words that he had said earlier but now, no one dared to treat his words lightly.

The divine guard who knelt in front of Ren Puyang's coffin suddenly thanked his lucky stars that he was still alive. During his fierce battle, his legs were broken and his mouth was torn, but he had managed to escape with his life. This was even better than coming across a peerless opportunity. He resolved that he would never take part in these plots to fight for power and authority. He would get rid of all these evil thoughts in his heart and focus on the martial way.

Then, Ye Qingyu's voice rang out beside him. "Song Xu, you've made some thoughtless remarks in this mourning hall and insulted the descendant of Mister Ren Puyang. You should have been killed but I'll spare you this time due to your contributions under Mister Ren Puyang and at Ancient Heaven Peak. You shall find a cell within the dark prison and face the wall in meditation for fifty years. Do you accept your punishment?"

"I do," that divine guard let out a sigh of relief and quickly thanked Ye Qingyu for showing him mercy.

Then, an expert from the Dubhe Race stepped forward, his face regretful. He bowed respectfully and said, "We failed to recognize your authority and defied your orders earlier. We admit our mistakes and would be willing to accept our punishment. Please show mercy on us. We would be willing to support you to be the next spokesperson of the Human Race."

The rest of the crowd immediately secretly mocked the Dubhe Race for being so shameless.

Nonetheless, despite how they felt, they quickly stepped forward as well. These eminent characters who would usually oversee all matters from their lofty perch were suddenly acting like children admitting to their errors.

"Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu is invincible. We are extremely ashamed of ourselves."

"The One-Eyed Race is willing to back your bid for the position of the Human Race spokesperson."

"The Earth Spirit Race has always been a strong supporter of the Human Race."

"We hope that Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu would show us mercy and forgive us for our error today. We are willing to accept all punishment."

The voices of the foreign races apologizing and admitting their mistakes echoed throughout the hall. All these influential characters of the major foreign races all raced to apologize. This was no longer about their pride; it was more important to escape with their lives. They were truly terrified by Ye Qingyu's earlier actions. If Ye Chongsheng who had such a powerful backer could be killed as easily as a chicken and the supreme treasure, the [Purple Gold Divine Dragon Armor], could be subdued by Ye Qingyu, they had no doubt that if they offended him right now, they would definitely share the same fate as Ye Chongsheng.

Ye Qingyu stood and faced them coldly.

What a fickle lot.

If he had lost the battle today, all these foreign races would probably have pounced on his failure and completely devoured him.

Ou Wuji felt his heart sink when he saw what was happening.

He knew that the largest advantage he used to have was now completely lost to him.

The Second Deputy of the Demon Race and the others no longer felt fortunate that they were still alive and looked on at the scene awkwardly. It was impossible for them to try to salvage their pride right now unless they awakened their ancestors who were in hibernation. However, they could not alarm their ancestors unless it was a matter of the survival of their race. If they awakened their ancestors over this matter, they might not be able to bear the responsibility. If they had known what would happen, they would've never acted against the Human Race. They should have never provoked Ye Qingyu the Killing God in the first place.

"The Demon Race… would also like to apologize. We shouldn't have meddled in the affairs of the Human Race," the Second Deputy of the Demon Race said with a bitter smile but he was left with no other choice.

The rest of the experts from the Demon Race headquarters also lowered their prideful heads. They had never been reduced to such a miserable state in their lives but now that a matchless Heaven's prideling Killing God had emerged from the Human Race, they had no choice but to submit to him. Ye Qingyu was far too ruthless, feared nothing, and would show no mercy. The Human Race had been used to enduring their sufferings but after Ren Puyang became the spokesperson of the Human Race, they slowly bared their fangs. Nonetheless, Ren Puyang had never been as ruthless and determined as Ye Qingyu. If he were to ascend to the position of the Human Race spokesperson, the other foreign races might truly be silenced.

"If apologies were effective, why did I have to draw my sword? Hmm?" Ye Qingyu looked at the Demon Race experts with a faint smile.

The Second Deputy of the Demon Race let out a secret sigh, then he said, "We are willing to make amends for what we've done."

Ye Qingyu remained silent.

When the rest of the Demon Race saw that he didn't say anything else, they all heaved a secret sigh of relief.

No one else present in the mourning hall dared to defy Ye Qingyu by this time. Those who bore resentment or enmity toward him didn't dare to show it either.

Ye Qingyu released a mental command.

The silver ice markings that covered the floor and stone pillars of the mourning hall suddenly seemed to come alive and slithered softly like thin silver snakes as they slowly retreated. The ice formations also gradually disappeared from the doors, the windows, the pillars, then finally, the ceiling. Then, they all gathered at his feet as though all the ice and frost had returned into his body.

The ice seal had been removed.

The blood, broken limbs, and corpses that littered the ground had also disappeared.

If not for the killing intent and blood qi that still lingered in the air, everyone would have thought that it was all a dream.

No one dared to leave.

Because Ye Qingyu had yet to speak.

"Lord Ye Qingyu is mighty and powerful and without an equal. Obviously, you should be the only candidate for the position of the Human Race spokesperson," the Dubhe Race expert who had spoken earlier said respectfully. "Our race will definitely do our best to support you..."

Ye Qingyu looked at him and smiled mysteriously.

The Dubhe Race expert thought that he had rightly pointed out what Ye Qingyu wanted and was overjoyed. Then he quickly added, "The Human Race is currently in a terrible predicament. If Lord Ye Qingyu becomes the Human Race spokesperson, you'd definitely be able to turn the tide around. This bodes well for the entire Human Race. Whoever dares to object to this must be courting death…"

Before he could finish his sentence—

Smack!

He was sent flying with a slap.

"I said this before and I'll say it again, the Human Race shall make their own decisions over their own affairs," Ye Qingyu looked coldly at the Dubhe Race expert and continued, "It looks like you didn't understand me earlier. You're a foreign race but all you talk about is the position of the Human Race spokesperson. How could you still think that you'd be able to meddle in the internal affairs of the Human Race? Who are you to say whether or not I'd be able to become the Human Race spokesperson? Hmm?"

That Dubhe Race expert's teeth had almost been completely smashed.

He was extremely terrified and shook all over. He had come to the mourning hall at Ou Wuji's invitation and had wanted to take this opportunity to suppress Ye Qingyu. Who'd have expected that their plot would suddenly be thrown into disarray? All he could do now was to try to soothe Ye Qingyu's anger. He didn't know what else to say as Ye Qingyu pierced him with his gaze that was as sharp as knives, and he didn't even dare to utter a single word as he curled up in a corner.

"Leader Tang Chong, please head into the prison and bring Lin Yutang to the mourning hall," Ye Qingyu said as he retracted his piercing aura. His aura was now calm and unruffled as he continued, "I want to hear how Mister Ren Puyang was attacked in front of his spiritual tablet."

"As you wish," Tang Chong immediately strode out of the hall.

The leader of the White-robed Divine Guards was so emotional that he was trembling all over.

He had been waiting for this moment for far too long.

Ou Wuji's expression kept changing and he tried to speak many times but his words were caught in his throat.

Ye Qingyu's gaze swept across the faces of all the experts who were present and said clearly, "I know that you're probably all thinking that I've massacred so many people today in order to exert my authority and because I selfishly want to become the Human Race spokesperson, am I right?"

No one said anything.

However, most of those present secretly agreed.

He had caused such a big commotion and killed so many people, and even called upon a Quasi-emperor to help his cause, so wasn't he trying to profit from this situation?

Nonetheless, no one dared to verbalize their thoughts.

"That's right. I drew my sword and killed so many to exert my authority," he continued. There was a strange force in his voice that tugged at their hearts.

"However, I'm exerting my authority today not because I want to be the next Human Race spokesperson… You might not believe my words because you are used to standing at the tall buildings of the Alliance of Domain's divine temples to oversee the entire Heaven Connect City and you're all already addicted to power and profit. This has clouded your heart for the martial way. As a result, you've placed far too much weight on the position of the so-called spokesperson and also underestimated me… I hereby announce that I have three motives today – the first is to pay my respects to a departed martyr of the Human Race, second, to prove the innocence of a loyal guard, and third, to find out who the true murderer of Mister Ren Puyang is and avenge his death. I don't care about the position of the Human Race spokesperson and I can't be bothered to take part in political fights. I'll never take on this position either in the future.”

"All I want is the truth and justice. If there is any injustice or evil in this world, I will destroy it with my sword," he enunciated each word clearly.

His voice echoed throughout the entire mourning hall.

The spiritual tablets of the previous martyrs of the Human Race were all displayed in this mourning hall as a sign of respect for the most brilliant heroes of the Human Race headquarters throughout history. At that moment, as his voice reverberated around the hall, all these experts weren't sure if they were dreaming, but it was as though these spiritual tablets that had been silent for millennia and the ashes of the long-deceased suddenly trembled in unison and released a strange howl of agreement. Then, a faint but determined divine splendor flickered from these tablets.

It was as though a burst of spirit had suddenly come back to life.

These previous heroes of the Human Race had reacted to his words and agreed with his resolve.

This scene stunned everyone in the mourning hall.

They couldn't help but feel that they were extremely tiny in front of the vastness of the universe. Ye Qingyu's figure seemed to glow with countless rays of light and they didn't even dare to lift their heads to look at him… They were completely overcome with shame and guilt.

Ou Wuji heaved a long sigh.

He had been despairing, fearful, resentful and biding his time.

However, all his emotions, his thoughts, and everything else disappeared and there was only one thought left in his mind — I'm not as worthy as him and I'll never be this man's match for the rest of my life.

Ou Wuji had admitted defeat.

A myriad of expressions flashed past Wei Wubing's face as he stood beside him.

He was finally no longer able to remain calm.

He realized that he seemed to have made a mistake.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1052:



Chapter 1067 – Who Are You?


Ye Qingyu did not say anything else.


He simply stood where he was, waiting patiently.

He did not allow the foreign race experts to leave.

This, in fact, was his plan from the start. By sending word to Ou Wuji and the Demon Race headquarters via Fang Bule and Green Rock, time and again emphasizing that he would surely come to the mourning hall on this day, he was hoping that Ou Wuji and the Demon Race headquarters would invite the experts from the headquarters of other large foreign races. This battle could thus serve to frighten these sinister schemers and get them to understand that the Human Race was not truly without a successor for Ren Puyang.

This kind of battle was only meaningful when various large races were gathered here.

He wanted nothing better than to bare his fangs in front of a huge crowd.

Time went by.

Everyone in the mourning hall was trembling with fear as they waited.

After half an hour or so, Tang Chong arrived in the mourning hall together with Lin Yutang.

The latter had been tortured a fair bit over the past couple of days. Nevertheless, as a martial expert, physical injuries were nothing much to him, and he thus remained in high spirits. Along the way, Tang Chong had told him about everything which took place in the mourning hall, causing him to be excited like never before.

“Lord...” He lost no time saluting Ye Qingyu.

Then, with reddened eyes, he went to pay respects to the coffined Ren Puyang before greeting Ren Xingyan and Uncle Lin.

“My Lord, please avenge Lord Ren Puyang by killing this crook with a human face but a beast heart.” Also reddened-eyed, Lin Yutang pointed at Ou Wuji and said in a grievous voice.

“Nonono, I’d never plotted against Mister Ren Puyang.” A panicking Ou Wuji hurriedly explained to Ye Qingyu. “Although I also want to become the main envoy of the Human Race, I never harbored any evil intentions against Mister Ren Puyang. Deputy Ye Qingyu… you mustn’t believe Lin Yutang’s one-sided story.”

Ye Qingyu looked at Lin Yutang.

The latter had a face filled with hatred and indignation as he fiercely questioned, “Scumbag Ou, still denying it? After Mister Ren Puyang left Heaven Connect City, you took over command and secretly built up your own power. Besides, you were the only person who knew his whereabouts in the Dark Realm, so how do you explain the fact that he and I were ambushed there? Who in this world could’ve known his whereabouts so accurately if you didn’t leak it?”

“This… it’s true that I knew about his whereabouts, but I...” Ou Wuji tried his best to explain things but did not have any persuasive evidence. The most fatal point was that he was truly the only person who knew about Ren Puyang’s whereabouts and the only person in the Human Race headquarters who communicated several times with Ren Puyang. Given that nobody else knew about Ren Puyang’s whereabouts, it made sense that Ou Wuji would be the biggest suspect, whether in terms of logic or motive.

Gnashing his teeth, Lin Yutang snapped, “What? Running out of excuses? Scumbag, you not only murdered Lord Ren Puyang but also shifted the blame on to me. Your ambitions have been completely exposed, while you even captured and harmed those who are loyal and righteous among the White-robed Divine Guards. What do you still have to say, you unscrupulous madman?”

“I…”

In full panic, Ou Wuji continually wiped beads of sweat from his forehead.

The truth was that he was a shrewd and scheming person who was extremely strong, otherwise he could not have become the First Deputy Envoy of the Human Race.

However, no matter how shrewd and scheming he was, he was no match for that soaring murderous spirit and Asura-like ability.

He had already been frightened out of his wits by the Killing God-level strength displayed by Ye Qingyu on this day, and he was thus not even three-tenths as shrewd and scheming as he usually was.

Ye Qingyu looked over expressionlessly.

This immediately increased Ou Wuji’s panic. Looking confused and terrified, he stammered, “I… I’ve been wronged, Lord Ye Qingyu, I… I really didn’t, it was only after I found out about his death that I came up with the idea of seizing the position of main envoy. And because you attacked me in the divine temple, I simply pushed things along, but I really didn’t plot against Mister Ren Puyang. You must believe me, Deputy Ye Qingyu, I… I wasn’t the only person who knew about Mister Ren Puyang’s whereabouts, there was also you...”

A beam of lightning suddenly flashed across his mind. Abruptly realizing something, he babbled aloud, “That’s right, Lin Yutang, you were always following beside Mister Ren Puyang and so you certainly knew of his whereabouts to a more detailed and clearer degree than myself. The information I received at the Alliance of Domains was always relatively old while you were constantly by his side. You’re thus a more likely suspect to have plotted against Mister Ren Puyang...”

Ye Qingyu frowned.

Although things were still up in the air at this time, he had gleaned something already…

Ou Wuji isn’t lying.

Thanks to his spiritual perception which allowed him to clearly catch hold of Ou Wuji’s every emotional fluctuation and expression, he could confirm that the latter, who had shown the most instinctive reaction of someone who had been wronged, was in a panicked state and was not lying. He was certain that Ou Wuji’s acting skills could not be good enough to deceive even his spiritual perception.

This is strange.

By this time, however, Lin Yutang was beyond indignation and bellowed agitatedly, “That’s absurd, utterly absurd. Everyone in Heaven Connect City knows that I’ve always remained loyal to Lord Ren Puyang all these years. How could I possibly betray him when my debt of gratitude to him is so great that it can’t be repaid even if I die the cruelest of deaths on his behalf? And why would I want to betray him?”

Ou Wuji was at a loss.

He, too, knew that his version of events was a little hard for anyone to believe. After all, everyone in the Chaotic Ruins Domain knew that Lin Yutang was Ren Puyang’s most loyal dog who would die for him at any time. It could be said that one hundred out of one hundred people would not believe that Lin Yutang would ever betray Ren Puyang. Although Ou Wuji had previously used his influence to suppress and place the guilt on Lin Yutang, he was under no illusions that he would be courting death if he spoke the same way in front of Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu remained silent.

The other present experts from various races were also baffled.

Previously, they were not too concerned about the manner of Ren Puyang’s death.

This was because they had been more concerned about the shifts in power which would result from Ren Puyang’s death and the benefits which their own race would be able to derive… But now, these things had been rendered meaningless by Ye Qingyu showing up and subsequent forceful suppression. After they became concerned with the truth, they suddenly realized that things were a little weird and the truth was shrouded in layers of fog.

Just then, a voice suddenly rang out.

“Commander Lin Yutang, I’d like to ask, how does Mister Ren Puyang’s strength compare to yours?” Flicking a red-feathered fan, Wei Wubing slowly walked out and arrived beside Ou Wuji.

With a face filled with hatred, Lin Yutang looked at this vicious snake.

He was aware that many of Ou Wuji’s actions were suggested or instigated by this sinister advisor of obscure origin. Several decades ago, Ou Wuji could still be considered an open and overboard human expert, but ever since Wei Wubing showed up, he gradually changed into a different person whose way of doing things was rather extreme and whose perspectives were odd. Moreover, he became fond of fighting over things while beginning to groom henchmen and getting up to many small tricks.

Lin Yutang had a dim view of Wei Wubing since a long time ago.

“What’s the matter? Is my question so difficult to answer?” There was a wry smile on Wei Wubing’s face.

Regaining his senses, Lin Yutang thought for a while before saying in a resentful voice, “Lord Ren Puyang was peerless in talent and was the supreme Heaven’s prideling of the Human Race. A hundred years ago, he was only a step short of becoming a Quasi-emperor. Up until his death, his strength had reached an unfathomable level and was definitely infinite times greater than mine.”

“Oh, I see.” Wei Wubing smiled faintly. “If that’s the case, it’s rather strange and incomprehensible that Lord Ren Puyang would perish in battle while you, who’s infinite times weaker than him, would return alive and barely injured. Why didn’t those assailants kill you during the ambush? Lord Lin Yutang, can you explain this?”

Lin Yutang’s countenance changed as soon as he heard this. “Wei-surnamed fellow, what do you mean?”

With a faint sneer on his face, Wei Wubing did not say anything nor look back at Lin Yutang.

Meanwhile, the eyes of the foreign race experts in the mourning hall lit up upon hearing this.

That’s right, this doesn’t make sense.

They were ambushed at the same time, yet the strong one died while the weak one survived. There must be more than meets the eye.

For a time, there were suspicion and doubt in the eyes of those who looked at Lin Yutang.

Could the true murderer really be this White-robed Divine Guard commander who’s called Ren Puyang’s loyal dog?

That’s too shocking, no?

A raging Lin Yutang wanted to explain things but was unable to put words together momentarily. He eventually gnashed his teeth and said, “I don’t know what was going on either. The assailants were frighteningly strong but didn’t attack me, as if they deliberately wanted to not kill me… At that time, I wanted to protect Lord Ren Puyang with my life, but was completely unable to get into the battle arena...”

“Oh. They deliberately didn’t want to kill you?” There was a look of realization on Wei Wubing’s face. “Generally speaking, if it was me who painstakingly plotted an ambush, and against a person as important as Mister Ren Puyang to boot, I’d naturally seek to kill everyone involved so as to prevent news from leaking out and thereby sparking investigations. Under what circumstances would they want to keep someone alive?”

Everyone’s train of thought was being led by his words.

Every gaze fell upon him.

He continued while smiling and gently flicking the red-feathered fan, “There’s only one possibility, and that’s that this person who should’ve died a thousand times yet incredibly survived is one of the assailants’ own, and that’s why they didn’t kill him.”

“That makes sense,” someone could not help commenting.

However, this foreign race expert immediately regretted what he just said, knowing that to chip in during such an occasion was clearly testing the patience of the [Ice Sword Killing God], Crazy Demon Ye. Frightened by himself, he shuddered as he hurriedly lowered his head and dared not say another word.

In actual fact, his opinion represented that of most of the experts in the mourning hall.

Logically speaking, Wei Wubing’s conjecture was irrefutable.

“Nonsense, you...” Lin Yutang nearly went ballistic.

Wei Wubing smiled even more sneeringly than before.

“You seem a little angry from shame, Commander Lin Yutang. Hoho, want me to continue talking?” he teased coldly.

“I… You rabble-rousing sinister scoundrel, you...” Lin Yutang trembled in anger, wishing badly to immediately strike and kill this scoundrel on the spot. However, he dared not do so in front of Ye Qingyu, for that would be falling into his enemy’s trap and was completely inexcusable.

Still smiling, Wei Wubing shook his head and spoke in a pitying manner. “It looks like you want to die in agony, Commander Lin Yutang. Very well, I shall continue. Aside from the earlier point that I raised, there are two other questionable points. First, you not only returned when you shouldn’t be alive, but also purposely spread the news of Mister Ren Puyang’s death so that everyone knew, causing the Human Race headquarters to be completely passive about the whole affair; and second, while presenting yourself in the divine temple, you made use of the moment when Deputy Ou Wuji was greatly disconcerted by the news of the Mister Ren Puyang’s death to suddenly launch an attack, proclaiming that you were seeking revenge on Mister Ren Puyang’s behalf. In my view, however, you clearly did this in order to eliminate the only remaining person who can maintain order in the Human Race headquarters… What’s your motive for trying to mess up the Human Race headquarters time and again?”

“I… I… But… It was for the Human Race… I...” Lin Yutang wanted to refute but did not know how.

He felt at a loss for words and a deep sense of helplessness in the face of such a rabble-rousing and glib-tongued advisor.

However, in the eyes of others, he seemed more like he was enraged and rendered speechless by the busting of his conspiracy.

To one side, Ou Wuji wiped off a bunch of cold sweat.

He glanced somewhat gratefully at Wei Wubing, who proved to be a reliable brain at this critical moment and saved him from being wronged, or otherwise the day would have been disastrous.

The atmosphere became a little silent momentarily.

As if pondering over something, Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

Flicking his red-feathered fan, Wei Wubing looked at Ye Qingyu but was unable to tell what the latter was thinking. He thus waited for some time before eventually taking a step forth and cupping his hands, saying, “Deputy Ye Qingyu, though I may actually have no right to talk today, yet as a human, I didn’t want to see an innocent person being wronged while the true culprit gets away, and this was why I couldn’t help coming forth and speaking up. I believe that the matter has been made very clear by now. Please make a decision on behalf of the Human Race and punish the true culprit impartially, Lord Ye Qingyu.”

Ye Qingyu finally raised his head at this time.

“Who are you?” he questioned frostily with a sword-sharp gaze.

Wei Wubing was taken aback.

He could not believe that Ye Qingyu did not know who he was, but nevertheless had to reply having been asked. Therefore, smiling faintly and looking not the least bit impatient, he bowed his body and replied, “I’m Wei Wubing, Deputy Ou Wuji’s assistant...”

Ye Qingyu immediately cut him short. “I know you’re Wei Wubing, but who is Wei Wubing?”

Everyone was bewildered by what Ye Qingyu meant.

Wei Wubing’s heart skipped a beat and his pupils contracted.

A hint of astonishment flashed across his slightly lowered face.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

