Chapter 893:


Chapter 910 - Return to Heaven Wasteland Domain


When everyone got to their knees in unison, that moment also signified that all those small disturbances around Heaven Wasteland Building in the recent days would come to a complete halt.

This did not end in the way that Ling Xiangqu and the rest of the temporary commercial alliance had anticipated.

The martial arts lunatic Ye Qingyu had used a violent slap to put an end to everything.

This slap had also broken up the fragile commercial alliance in the shortest possible time and also forced those representatives of the chambers of commerce who had unilaterally broken their cooperative agreement with Heaven Wasteland Domain to realize that not every mistake would be forgiven and even if they tried to compensate for their mistakes, their compensation might not be accepted. Most importantly, they now realized that Heaven Wasteland Domain was unlike the average new domain and they would be forced to pay a high price if they tried to bully or treat Heaven Wasteland Domain with contempt.

Therefore, no one dared to object when Ling Xiangqu and that young disciple who had been injured in their attempt to gain sympathy were forcibly removed by the white-robed divine guards.

Those two people ultimately knelt once more in front of the Heaven Wasteland Building to acknowledge their mistakes, then they quickly disappeared with no further thoughts of revenge.

They could only hope that Heaven Wasteland Domain would show them mercy and not come after them retroactively and that Heaven Wasteland Domain would forget all about them, as if they were discarded trash.

Those representatives of the various chambers of commerce who had supported Ling Xiangqu earlier trembled helplessly like ducklings that were trapped in a storm.

Fortunately, Ye Qingyu's status had been elevated so high that he would not deal with them individually any longer.

If not for the fact that Ling Xiangqu had gone too far, he would not have appeared at all. He hoped that Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others would be able to handle everything appropriately without his help. After all, these were the people who had to manage Heaven Wasteland Building in the future and he would not be able to help them settle their problems each time.

Wu Yuan and Qian Jin were also amongst the crowd and they did not even dare to breathe loudly.

This was Qian Jin's first sighting of Ye Qingyu and this was also the first time this young merchant apprentice witnessed the attitude and aura of a true expert. At the moment, Qian Jin suddenly had an inkling why the Alliance of Domains chose to stand with Ye Qingyu instead of supporting the Dragon Human Race's declaration of war. The young Qian Jin was suddenly conscious of his insignificance and shallowness. All his arrogance and conceit in the past instantly collapsed when he saw this young man in white who was even several years younger than him.

Wu Yuan felt the same way.

He was born as a lower-class peasant and built his massive business from scratch which meant that he was also considered a rare talent. He had met countless talents and ambitious men, and weathered through all kinds of crises, but this was the first time he had met a person of such high-quality. After he saw Ye Qingyu in real life and at such close proximity, he felt that Ye Qingyu did not look like his portrait in the formation hologram at all. Some people were born with an innate aura and would be destined to live in the spotlight and rise far above the common people. He saw all these qualities in Ye Qingyu.

Wu Yuan was immensely relieved that he made the right choice.

Soon, he heard Ye Qingyu call out his name.

"Chairman Wu Yuan, what a pleasant surprise to see you here." Ye Qingyu's face broke into a smile as he greeted Wu Yuan. "Why are you still outside? Please come in. Apologies, we had to attend to a small matter earlier and have not shown you the hospitality that you deserve."

Wu Yuan had not expected the deputy spokesperson of the Human Race to remember his name and was even more surprised when Ye Qingyu singled him out. He was stunned into silence and he only reacted when Qian Jin nudged him lightly. He quickly greeted Ye Qingyu in response.

Ye Qingyu said a few more words of pleasantries, then he walked out of Heaven Wasteland Building along with the four white-robed divine guards.

This was enough for the other chambers of commerce to look at Wu Yuan with envy and jealousy.

They could all tell that although Ye Qingyu had only made a few perfunctory remarks and did not mention that Wu Yuan would be entitled to any special treatment, it was obvious that Wu Yuan's chamber of commerce would enjoy a smooth road ahead when entering the Heaven Wasteland Domain market. They went crazy at the thought of how much his chamber of commerce could stand to profit and benefit from this.

The meetings continued.

Ye Qingyu's actions were to establish a clear principle for Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others to follow – Heaven Wasteland Domain could not be humiliated. If anyone dared to humiliate Heaven Wasteland Domain, their stance must remain firm, regardless of who they faced or how many they faced.

This made the negotiation and agreement processes that they were about to handle next a lot easier.

No one else dared to create a scene.

The news spread quickly.

This caused a stir in Heaven Connect City and everyone realized how firm this new deputy spokesperson of the Human Race was.

Ye Qingyu arrived at the congress divine temple of the Alliance of Domains together with the four white-robed divine guards. Then, he completed the final part of his induction process and visited Tang Chong before he left.

Twenty-one days had passed since Ren Puyang left Heaven Connect City.

It would be a long while before the spokesperson of the Human Race returned and there was still no news from him.

The other leader of the white-robed divine guard, Xiao Lin, had also accompanied Ren Puyang on his journey.

Ye Qingyu boarded the airship to return to Heaven Wasteland Building and along the journey, a sense of pride and determination welled up in him as he looked at the rows of buildings in Heaven Connect City and the magnificent scene below.

The path ahead is like a wall of iron, yet with firm strides, he would conquer its summit.

He knew that he was starting to reap some of the results from his hard work.

Heaven Wasteland Building would no longer face any issues.

However, he guessed that there might still be some conflict at Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Therefore, he planned to return to Heaven Wasteland Domain immediately.

For some reason, he had a feeling that something big was about to happen.

He would have to make certain preparations.

Then, he would be able to swim against the current and emerge victorious.

Three days later.

Snow Capital, Heaven Wasteland Domain -

As the capital of Heaven Wasteland Empire, since they had opened their doors and passed the grading assessment, Snow Capital was many times more lively than it had been a year ago.

The entire Heaven Wasteland Empire functioned like a well-oiled engine and everything was well-organized.

The Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps had already returned to Heaven Wasteland Empire.

Empress Wuzhao, Yu Xiaoxing returned to rule authoritatively over the land.

However, since the Chaotic Windstorm, Empress Yu Xiaoxing had taken a serious hit. Thereafter, she had been so busy with the grading process at Heaven Connect City that she did not have the time to quietly cultivate in peace which resulted in her foundation being damaged and left her feeling exhausted all the time. Since her return to Heaven Wasteland Domain, she had been inundated with a deluge of government affairs to handle and found that she was struggling to handle the demand on her. Therefore, two weeks ago, she decided to cultivate in self-isolation and delegated the Minister of the Right, Lin Zheng, to handle the affairs at court and appointed several prominent ministers and military officials to support him.

Early in the morning.

The golden rays of sunlight splashed down and a gentle breeze swept through the area.

This was early spring and despite the chill, it was bursting with life everywhere.

The officials had gathered at the side palace hall of the residence of the Minister of the Right.

Lin Zheng sat on a wooden armchair made of rosewood and frowned slightly as he browsed through several specially marked document scrolls.

Dozens of officials from the empire were seated along two rows of seats. A large majority of officials were of the Human Race and some were senior officials who had worked since the era of the old emperor of the Snow Emperor, while some were younger advisers who Lin Zheng had appointed from the various races and who he had taken pains to groom.

There were many government affairs to handle and Lin Zheng had not slept for three days and nights. He had summoned these officials late at night the day before for a meeting and these officials all held several official papers each and were discussing in hushed whispers while frowning deeply.

The citizens of the domain had greatly benefited since Heaven Wasteland Domain had passed the grading and opened up its Domain Gate to the other domains.

Heaven Wasteland was a new domain and had been cut off from the main civilizations of the Vast Thousand Domains for a long time. They were already lagging far behind as compared to the development of the Vast Thousand Domains, so after they opened their Domain Gates, everyone in the empire hoped to establish economic and trade relations with the other domains as well as the major cities along the Road of Chaos to propel their own development.

Heaven Wasteland Domain had its own advantages. It was naturally blessed with rich resources and everything was in its primitive form which resulted in unlimited potential for its resources. It also had mineral products that were only exclusively found in Heaven Wasteland as well as herbs, divine items for cultivation and many others – these were all fortunes that others in the foreign domains could only dream of.

There was also one point that Lin Zheng and the other heads at the imperial court was most concerned about – After Heaven Wasteland Domain permitted foreign domains and forces to establish representative stations, these domains and forces would naturally bring along their own martial arts experts of the various races which would bring up the standards of the domain's martial way education. A domain's ranking in the Vast Thousand Domains was determined by its overall martial arts development. One person alone would not be able to accomplish much but if they could bring up the standards of the entire domain martial arts development, only then would they be able to increase the status of their domain and reinforce their own defensive abilities.

The citizens of Heaven Wasteland Domain felt extremely excited because of all these benefits opening up the domain would bring and the developments they witnessed happening.

However, the problems that arose slowly came to the fore.

A large majority of the forces and chambers of commerce that entered the domain came with the motive to earning the maximum gains and were sincerely willing to cooperate, but they showed no reverence to the living creatures of Heaven Wasteland Domain and no respect to Heaven Wasteland Empire. They had a superiority complex, so there were some who bore ill-will toward Heaven Wasteland Domain among those.

Furthermore, despite Ye Qingyu being so well-known throughout the Vast Thousand Domains and having so much authority, there were still many forces with ulterior motives that plotted against him secretly. These forces were also waiting for an opportunity to stir up trouble.

In a short period of time, many problems and friction between the outsiders and the citizen occurred.

This was the cause of Lin Zheng and the other officials' troubles.

Lin Zheng and the other officials at court frantically dealt with all these people and the troubles they had caused which left them completely exhausted.

Fifteen minutes later.

Lin Zheng slowly put down the scroll in his hand wearily and looked at his colleagues who were equally worried. Then, he slowly said, "Let's exchange views on your thoughts in relation to these matters."

The court officials looked at each other in dismay and at the moment, no one knew where to start.

"My lord, I think the most pressing issue right now is the matter relating to Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce," a young official said in a clear voice as he stood up from the crowd and clasped his hands together in greeting. He looked like he was in his twenties and had a handsome face. He exuded a unique elegance and his brows reflected his firm character. He was wearing the blue robes with silver patterns of a remonstrance official.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 894:


Chapter 911 – Huge Public Outcry


"Yes… I agree with Lord Heng. Not only are lives at stake when it comes to this issue with Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce but it has also caused huge public outrage and attracted a lot of attention. If we continue to dally, things might get worse. We can't afford any further delays."

"That's right. This has caused a huge public uproar and if the imperial court still doesn't issue a statement, I'm afraid…"

"But, recently, the director of Tian Zhen Chamber of Commerce had been sending us multiple letters and the tone of these letters have not been friendly."

All these officials expressed their own views and everyone had a different take on the situation. However, they all agreed that this matter had to be settled urgently.

Some nodded in agreement while others shook their heads and sighed.

Minister of the Right Lin Zheng did not stop them from arguing.

He was well-aware of the fact that this matter could no longer be ignored and any further delay might result in severe repercussions.

He picked up the scroll that recorded this matter and sank deep into thought.

The words on the scroll were as follows: The relative of the chairman of Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce, Fu Yan, together with Hong Ruoqing, the young master of Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce which was a local company at Snow Capital, had raped and tortured three women. which then resulted in their deaths. This news rocked the capital and sparked large public protests and outrage…'

Since the Domain Gate opened, the Empress brought the first batch of representatives from the foreign domains that had signed agreements with them back to Heaven Wasteland Domain. Thereafter, a total of sixty-two chambers of commerce and forces formally established representative stations within the city.

There were seven super chambers of commerce that were extremely powerful within the Vast Thousand Domains in terms of strength and reputation. They did not only trade in agriculture and forestry but also in heavy duty military weapons and military ships. Their words carried a lot of weight and they also were heavily influential in upper-middle domains. If these seven chambers of commerce were compared to horses, they would be considered a highly-prized breed of horses. Heaven Wasteland Domain stood to benefit a lot from these super chambers of commerce setting up representative stations.

Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce belonged to one of these seven super chambers of commerce.

This was the heart of the matter.

The chairman of Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce, Fu Tianao, had a nephew named Fu Yan. Fu Yan was a good-for-nothing playboy who had been born with a silver spoon, so Fu Tianao's intention was for him to shadow these few managers of the representative station to learn the ropes of commerce and grow from this experience. However, this playboy did not wish to learn and bandied his status around to go out about town with his new friends. He roamed around in all the red-light districts and ate and ran away without paying wherever he went but no one dared to come after him because of his status. He had only been here for two weeks but was already known as the King of the Red-Light District.

According to the rumors, Fu Tianao had children and was extremely trusting of and doted heavily on his worthless nephew. He was even trying his best to groom him to be the successor of one of his businesses.

If he was only involved in such immoral acts, it would not have caused such a headache for the officials at court since they would be able to settle this issue privately with the Registrars of Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce. However, that bully Fu Yan together with his accomplice from Heaven Wasteland's Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce raped three young and beautiful commoners which eventually caused their deaths. After these three women were tortured to death, their naked bodies were thrown onto the streets, which had made things worse.

"I think that we should handle this matter in accordance to the imperial laws of Heaven Wasteland Dynasty. Only then would we be able to soothe the public rage and ensure that justice is served. It would also be an effective warning to others," a young adviser who was also clad in the same navy robes with silver embroidery said firmly. He belonged to the new generation of officials who Lin Zheng was trying to groom. He was firm and determined with a youthful drive. He had a straightforward way of handling matters and was not cowed by power and authority, so he was the first to speak up.

The younger generation officials with this man as their leader were all of this view that punishment should be meted out harshly.

His voice suppressed the chatter by the surrounding officials and the side palace hall suddenly quietened down.

"What do the others think?" Lin Zheng said thoughtfully with a nod but did not make any further comment.

"I think that it would not be appropriate to handle this issue in that manner. The power and authority wielded by Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce is not something that Heaven Wasteland Domain would be able to go up against. If we punish them in accordance to the rules of the land, Fu Yan would receive the death penalty and be beheaded. Although we would soothe the public outrage, we would also be forced to face serious consequences. If we're lucky, we'd only lose the support of the super chambers of commerce, but if we are not, Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce might secretly join forces with the other forces to cause trouble for us. Then, we would be placed in an awkward situation," a cabinet elder said gravely. His beard and hair were both white and he was dressed in the crimson robes of an official.

This elder was a long-serving official of Heaven Wasteland Domain and was widely-recognized to be of good character. Everyone knew he said these words not because he had been bribed by Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce, or because he was taking anybody's side, but he truly meant well for Heaven Wasteland Empire. As politicians, they would have to know when to compromise for the greater good and not be too focused on what was morally right or wrong.

"I agree with Elder Liu."

"I don't think so. Elder Liu might be overly cautious. I agree with Lord Luo and feel that we should use this matter to make a statement. Taking a step back, this method might work if we use it on the young master of Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce since they are incorporated here locally. In my opinion, I no longer see why they should continue to exist. We could make use of this to soothe the public outrage and mete out some justice on behalf of the deceased. However, it would not be appropriate to apply these methods on Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce."

"If we anger Fu Tianao of Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce because of this, our problems will only grow bigger."

Heaven Wasteland Domain was developing quickly and if they lost the support of these super chambers of commerce, it would indeed have a significant impact on their future development. Furthermore, this chamber of commerce even controlled the production of heavy-duty military weapons, which was Heaven Wasteland Domain's weakest point. If they really decapitated this bully, they would also run the risk of Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce secretly colluding with the enemy forces to stir up trouble for Heaven Wasteland Domain. If unnecessary wars and conflicts break out over this, they would stand to lose even more.

These officials were all the brains of Heaven Wasteland Domain who were adept in handling political affairs but this was the first time they had to manage affairs with forces that were not part of their domain, and so they seemed hesitant.

"Heng Weilin, what are your thoughts?" Minister of the Right, Lin Zheng, looked toward the warm and elegant young remonstrance official, Heng Weilin.

Heng Weilin had not spoken at all and listened carefully to his colleagues' suggestions. He nodded when Lin Zheng singled him out and walked to the front. He placed the scroll he held in his hand on the table and said, "In recent days, the imperial guards have stood guard outside Fu Yan's residence, temporarily restricting his access outside. Fu Yan has been cursing and swearing every day because of this but thankfully, he has yet to force his way out. We don't know how long he would be able to last cooped up in his residence. The victims’ families have also gathered outside his residence and wore only their mourning sackcloth to protest. After many members of the public heard about this, they quickly rushed over to support the victims' families. If this standoff continues, I'm worried that the situation would spiral out of control."

The situation was already very tense, like a string pulled tautly. They would need to come to a decision soon as to whether the string would snap or it would be loosened.

Lin Zheng remained silent.

The other officials also held their tongues.

If they left Fu Yan off, the public sentiment would turn against them and they would also be complicit in his crimes. This could set off even greater public disturbances.

If they punished him and offended Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce, Heaven Wasteland Domain might face even greater problems.

Lin Zheng hesitated for a few moments before he finally decided to share the information he received recently, "According to the news I've received from the imperial guards, Fu Yan has already made a statement. He said… said that these were just the lives of a few common women, what was all the fuss about? The victims' families were only creating a fuss because they were after money and were trying to extort money from him. There isn't anything in the world that cannot be resolved with money and Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce would be willing to settle this issue with money."

"That bastard!" Elder Liu who had still suggested looking at the big picture earlier could not hold back his anger.

Lin Zheng looked at the documents that piled up like a small mountain on his table and heaved a soft sigh. He looked at the gathered officials and said, "Please also take a look at the letter that the Chairman of Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce, Fu Tianao sent us."

Then, he passed the letter to Heng Weilin for circulation.

The gist of the letter was that Fu Yan had acted rashly but because of his youth, Heaven Wasteland Domain should mete out a lighter sentence to teach him a lesson. If the domain agreed to mete out a lighter sentence, Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce would give Heaven Wasteland Domain the profits from their brocade business. There were also several sentences at the conclusion which roughly hinted that Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce was extremely powerful and influential, so if they couldn't reach an agreement, this might adversely affect the entire trade and business industry of Heaven Wasteland Domain, which would not bode well for Heaven Wasteland Empire. The contempt and threatening tone of the message were clear enough.

"This… This is obviously a threat!" another elder clad in a long black robe with dark red hair and beard said angrily after reading the letter.

The dozens of officials present realized that Fu Tianao would protect his nephew at all costs. If they dared to punish Fu Yan, he would definitely retaliate viciously.

"I don't know what that young master of Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce, Hong Ruoqing promised them, but Fu Yan has also requested that Fu Tianao specially mention that Hong Ruoqing must be protected as well." Heng Weilin frowned slightly.

The price Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce must have paid for Fu Tianao to make such a personal request was definitely very high. What exactly did Hong Ruoqing put on the table, and did it endanger Heaven Wasteland Domain?

This also set off alarm bells among Lin Zheng and the other court officials.

Then, this sparked off another round of discussions.

Dozens of court officials expressed their own opinions and after discussing for thirty minutes, they had yet to reach a suitable conclusion.

Lin Zheng rubbed at his temples and sighed. He knew that there would still be no outcome after this round of discussions. Therefore, he put down the scroll in his hand and thought for a moment before he said, "This is a matter of great importance. I shall report the pros and cons of this matter to Empress. Let's make a decision after that."

This concluded their discussion about the matter of Zhen Tian Chamber of Commerce.

None of the other court officials expressed any objection.

Everyone knew that there would not be an outcome even if they continued to discuss because the resulting consequences and responsibility would be too much for them to bear.

"Lord, there is still one more issue about that expert from a foreign domain, Wen Fusheng. He had created a big stir throughout the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain. From the way things stand at the moment, we'll need to settle it immediately." A young adviser passed the scroll in his hand to Lin Zheng. He then continued, "This is a list of people from several dozen sects who have been injured or killed by Wen Fusheng recently."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 895:


Chapter 912, Arrogant threat



“What? Another ten sects are injured? It has only been five days since the previous news!”

“Qin Zhishui, the City Lord of Matchless Blade City, also lost to that person, and is said to be badly injured... Sigh, this Qin Zhishui is Palace Lord Ye Qingyu's best friend. It would be great if Palace Lord Ye Qingyu were in Snow Capital now. Given his strength, he could easily deal with that damn Wen Fusheng.”

“Ever since he came to our Heaven Wasteland Domain, he had wounded and killed at least eight hundred of the top experts... The martial world of Heaven Wasteland Domain soon won’t be able to lift their heads.”

“According to our previous investigation, that Wen Fusheng is most likely using a false name. It is unknown where he is from, but his strength is at least at the Immortal Step realm. Adding to this, he is ruthless and arrogant. He challenged other martial artists to a duel and threatened to defeat all sects of the major Demon clans and Human Race all over Heaven Wasteland Domain. He wants to flip Heaven Wasteland Domain upside down. Moreover, every time someone takes up the challenge, they were beaten half dead and kicked off the stage.”

“If this continues, the experts of Heaven Wasteland Domain would be crushed to its lowest, and unable to rise again...”

Lin Zheng carefully checked the official document, then said to the young imperial strategic adviser, “Shang Rui, let the other courtiers know about the information on the official document.”

“Yes!” The young adviser responded with a cupped fist salute, turned to face the other courtiers, and spoke in a serious tone of voice, “Since yesterday, nobody has dared to take up Wen Fusheng's challenge. He had put out the words that if no experts of Heaven Wasteland Domain show up within three days, then he will call the experts of Heaven Wasteland martial world... as sick dogs of Heaven Wasteland.”

“What?”

“Nonsense!”

An uproar broke out.

In the world of martial arts, it was a great insult to the domain to call the experts sick dogs.

“Is there no one in Heaven Wasteland Domain who can compete with him?” Elder Liu Gelao was boiling with rage.

Shang Rui shook his head, “Lord Liu Gelao, please calm down, there are experts in Heaven Wasteland Domain, but there aren’t many who could win against Wen Fusheng. Lord Hu Yu and the Demon King of the Snow Ground Demon Court Lord Yan Buhui all have the power to win against him. But, that Wen Fusheng is challenging the people of major sects, and it is obviously against the martial arts rules if a King of a foreign race or an expert of the empire took the challenge. He will take the opportunity to criticize us.”

Lin Zheng nodded, evidently agreeing with Shang Rui’s analysis.

As an imperial strategic adviser, Shang Rui was a person of outstanding talent of the younger generation. He was good at what he does, had a rare calm mind, and was not fickle or impatient. He was a young official who Lin Zheng had personally cultivated.

“The impact of this matter should not be underestimated, especially since it is related to the affairs of the sects. It seems that it will need to be reported to Her Majesty for her to make a decision.” Lin Zheng put the official document aside.

Then he took another two documents from the thick stack of files next to the table, unfolded them one by one. Scrunching up his brows and rubbing his temples, he then continued, “There are two matters in the recent reports that are very strange. I think there is some connection between the two, but for the moment, I can't figure it out. Since you are here today, let’s discuss it together, feel free to express your views.”

“The matter that Minister Lin is talking about, could it be regarding the disappearance of the Brute Race of the northwest territory?” Liu Gelao suddenly thought of something.

“Elder Liu Gelao is right. The Chi Wasteland Brute Race within the northwest barbarian territories is only a small tribe with less than ten thousand people, and has been living along the five thousand kilometers of west boundary of the northwest territory. There are no other races around within a thousand kilometer radius, so there has never been an expedition, and there is no news of an epidemic. They can be said to stand aloof from worldly affairs, but ten days ago they have disappeared mysteriously. The empire had sent people to check, and found that not only were there no signs of living beings, even the houses have gone missing. This really is too bizarre.” Lin Zheng again looked at the scrolls of documents in front of him, still finding it strange.

“The other matter that Lord is referring to that is associated with this, could it have something to do with another super Chamber of Commerce, the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce?” Shang Rui immediately reacted. “Lord thinks that this matter has something to do with the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce?”

Lin Zheng nodded, turning to look at the courtiers again, “I believe everyone have seen the official document that the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce submitted the day before. They proposed to buy the usage rights to the five thousand kilometers of west boundary of the northwest territory for one hundred years. Not only did they offer a very high price, but also promised to share ten percent of profits to the Heaven Wasteland imperial court. They said that the area was the former encampment of the Chi Brute Race. These two matters can’t just be a coincidence.”

“Minister Lin's worries are reasonable, thousands of kilometers of the northwest territory are barren land, where there are no resources. Why do they have to offer such a high price to buy the land, but also only request for one hundred years of usage rights. Don’t tell me they plan to open up land for agriculture and forestation?”

“These chambers of commerce all come to Heaven Wasteland Domain to rake in money, they would not have plans of forestation and land creation.”

“The boundary they were going to buy happened to be the place where the Chi Wasteland Brute Race, who had disappeared overnight, lived. I do believe that there is something fishy in this matter.”

The several courtiers were furious again.

As soon as the Chi Wasteland Brute Race had disappeared, the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce proposed to buy their land. It was too coincidental.

The disappearance of the entire Chi Wasteland Brute Race was too bizarre, and the true intention of the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce was also too hard to fathom. However, there was one thing that was certain: things would not be as simple as it seems. There must be a great secret, otherwise the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce would not have offered such a generous price. Businessmen always pursue profits and benefits. They had invested so much, thus the expected harvest must be even greater. That was why Lin Zheng had been slow to respond.

Everybody felt a headache coming on. The complexity of the situation was more terrifying than predicted.

It was at this moment that there was a sudden movement in the hallway of the side palace hall.

A bodyguard darted over and knelt down.

“Lord, Li Wanhai, the chief supervisor of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce asks to see you,” the bodyguard informed loudly.

Following this remark, all the discussions in the hall came to an abrupt end.

All the officials glanced at each other. They obviously understood what Li Wanhai’s purpose of coming here was.

Lin Zheng maintained an indifferent expression, neither swiftly nor slowly put away the two documents in front to the original place, and then responded, “Invite him in.”

After a while, two figures came in from the outside.

The first who strode in was a man who looked around forty or fifty years old and was very broad. He had a beard that seemed to have been trimmed with a sword, and his lips were thin and pale. There was constantly a hint of sharpness and shrewdness emitting from his eyes. He was dressed in a dark purple silk robe, with a white-jade hat crowning his head and a tassel made of gold and silver threads and jade beads, exuding a noble air.

He was followed by a seventeen- to eighteen-year-old attendant, whose hair was bunched up and dressed in a blue-grey plain cotton robe.

Some of the important courtiers that were present had followed Lin Zheng to welcome Li Wanhai before, including Heng Weilin and Shang Rui. Thus they naturally recognied him with one glance, while it was the first time that the others saw the members of the legendary Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce that were stationed in Heaven Wasteland Domain, and unconsciously studied him a little longer.

Li Wanhai was not a simple person.

As one of the trusted aides of Fu Tianao, he had taken on the role of chief supervisor of the encampment site in Heaven Connect City for more than one hundred years, and held and exercised power and control to all large and small affairs in the encampment. Since Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce was settled in Heaven Wasteland Domain, Fu Tianao had send him over for the purpose of maximizing benefits in the shortest time possible, as well as investigate the feasibility of the manufacture of heavy weapons in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

For the super-large chambers of commerce, businesses such as agriculture, forestry and livestock only returned little sprofits, and to be able to work with the rulers in the domain, monopolizing the manufacture of weapons and battleships was the real “fat sheep” that they wanted to swallow.

Therefore, since Li Wanhai had come to Heaven Wasteland Domain, in addition to sweeping the market at the fastest speed, and the implementation of resource exchange, he also had to constantly investigate the strength of Heaven Wasteland Domain, to ensure that the news obtained will become the bargaining chips in future negotiations with the Heavenly Wasteland imperial court.

Lin Zheng was naturally aware of this matter.

But he did not intervene.

First of all, although they had never left Heaven Wasteland Domain, the opening of the Domain Gate had allowed them to touch upon a little of the information and channels from all sides, as well as the conduct and actions of these super chambers of commerce. The manufacture of heavy weapons and airships was indeed what Heaven Wasteland Domain lacked and most urgently needed. If these super-large chambers of commerce could really bring them resources, then it was worth investing a little more.

In the main hall.

Li Wanhai cast a disdainful glance at the courtiers of the Heaven Wasteland Empire, and gave smile. He did not bow nor did he say a word.

After a few minutes of silence.

A small smile pulled the corners of Lin Zheng’s mouth, he slowly got up, and said indifferently, “Chief Supervisor Li Wanhai has to deal with numerous affairs every day, I did not expect you come to my humble home. What is the matter?”

Li Wanhai gave a faint smile upon hearing this and answered frankly, “The reason I came here, I believe Minister Lin and the others already know. My family’s young master had stayed in the residence for several days, and the imperial guards had not retreated a single step. Today I came to remind Lord Lin that young master has no patience left anymore, and ask you to give an order to withdraw your troops. Otherwise, once young master strikes back, the next thing that may happen is not something I can control, and not something you can take responsibility for.”

There was an undisguised threat in his tone of voice.

“The outcome of this matter is of great importance and is not something that can be decided in a moment. I ask Chief Supervisor Li Wanhai to wait a few more days.” Lin Zheng did not seemed to be enraged by him, his expression was still calm and imposing. “I will inform Her Majesty, and ask Her Majesty to make a decision. Soon there will be an outcome. Chief Supervisor Li Wanhai, please be patient.”

“Oh, wait patiently? Young master has most likely run out of patience.” Li Wanhai smiled. “These days, I have been trying to pacify young master with the cooperation between the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce and Heaven Wasteland Domain, so that he temporarily stays in the residence and does not cause trouble. Only then can we live together in harmony, but you are not giving face to our chamber of commerce. If it goes on like this, then forgive me for not being able to take our cooperation into consideration.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 896:


Chapter 913, Palace Lord Ye returns?



“What does that mean? A threat?” Liu Gelao couldn’t help slamming the table, standing up abruptly.

“You guys have done something wrong, yet you came to question us? Do you think the lives of my Heaven Wasteland people are worthless?”

“Exactly, one pays a life with one's life, don't tell me that Chief Supervisor Li Wanhai does not understand this simple rule?”

Li Wanhai's attitude, which was arrogant and aggressive, had immediately infuriated all the important officials of the empire that were present.

Li Wanhai simply sneered, without even casting a glance at those people.

To tell the truth, he indeed did not take the so-called important courtiers of the empire seriously at all. To him they were just a group of frogs. Although they might have a bit of a status in Heaven Wasteland Domain, but in the Vast Thousand Domains they were just nobody, right? Li Wanhai, who had traveled across many domains, was seen as a distinguished guest to all. Even the Prince of the Dragon Blood imperial court, which had been suppressing Heaven Wasteland Domain to a miserable state in the recent period, also only had equal status to him. In his eyes, the present Heaven Wasteland Domain was nothing but a little village. If there was someone that he feared in the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain then it would be the murderous demon Ye Qingyu.

Li Wanhai felt that he had already given enough face to the stupid and ignorant imperial officials of the empire by coming in person today.

“Chief Supervisor Li Wanhai, this is indeed no small matter, wait until I inform Her Majesty...” Lin Zheng also did not want to tear open the face of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce.

But Li Wanhai coldly sneered, interrupting Lin Zheng, “Well, Lord Lin Zheng, I do not have time to haggle with you, the reason you are delaying this is just to get more benefits. Haha, how about this, from the offer before, the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce is willing to add another one percent, and this will be the end of the matter, and we will both be happy.”

When Li Wanhai finished and saw that Lin Zheng gave no response, his eyes flashed and he added, “As for the families of the three lowly servants, they are making a clamour, but that's only because of greed. You do not have to worry, my Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce have our own way to seal their mouth. I have seen too many of these unruly people... I also must advise you guys that gratitude and contentment are important. My Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce has already backed down, don’t be too greedy and try to swallow an elephant. To tell you the truth, your Heaven Wasteland Empire does not have much qualifications to bargain with my Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce.”

He had directly spoken out his conditions.

Upon hearing these words, the faces of the important officials all darkened; however Lin Zheng gently waved his hand, motioning them to restrain their anger.

For a moment, the atmosphere was silent and tense.

Lin Zheng slowly sat back down on his mahogany chair, and did not say a word, seemingly pondering about something.

To tell the truth, Li Wanhai was aggressive and threatening, and it would be a lie if Lin Zheng said that he was not angry. He, who had been sitting firmly on the minister chair for so many years, was not a person that was easy to deal with, nor had he not encountered difficulties before. However, he was still hesitant after weighing the pros and cons of the present matter. There was no clear direction.

The retreat of Fu Tianao, for the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, was nothing but a little piece of minced pork. In fact the condition they proposed was more like they were getting rid of a beggar, and it was obvious that the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce looked down on Heaven Wasteland Domain. However the strength of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce did indeed make his threat become very weighty. The loss of the opportunity of cooperation was probably only the first step, that Fu Tianao would most likely not let go of Heaven Wasteland Domain that easily.

This was the focus of Lin Zheng's hesitation.

But today if they really did exempt Fu Yan from punishment, then it would be a very bad sign. With this precedent, the other large or small foreign chambers of commerce would follow suit, and Heaven Wasteland Domain would lose its majesty. For Heaven Wasteland Domain, the subsequent situation would gradually spiral out of control, until the authority of the empire was under threat. In less than three years, the cracks accumulated in Heaven Wasteland Empire would lead to the lost hearts and minds of the citizens, and it would be tantamount to the loss of the foundation. In the long term, in less than half a year, the Heaven Wasteland Domain was bound to become a mess.

In the end, the empire was not strong enough.

A weak country had no diplomacy to speak of.

If the strength of Heaven Wasteland Empire were a little stronger, how would the chambers of commerce dare to be so arrogant and domineering?

Lin Zheng sighed inwardly, suppressing his anger, before he lifted his eyes, and finally spoke, “I already understand the sincerity of the President of your Chamber of Commerce, but this is an important matter, and not something that a little Right Minister could make a decision. I need to report to the Empress before I can give a final answer.”

Lin Zheng wanted to delay the matter for a few more days until the Empress returned, in order to ask for instructions on what to do.

But Li Wanhai was clearly reluctant to give him any more time.

His face grew serious, eyes flickering a ferocious light, saying, “Lord Lin Zheng takes care of the political affairs on behalf of the imperial court, how would you not have the authority to take care of a little dispute. Our president has little patience left, I have to hear a reply from you soon, if there is no clear answer by today, then my Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce has no choice but to do something to show our stance. At that time, you people would be on our knees begging the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce for mercy. Haha at that time, it would be too late to regret it.”

The scene suddenly turned serious and biting cold.

The people present could not suppress their anger any longer.

Li Wanhai was still smiling coldly.

At this time--

“Lord, commander Wang Lijin of the Light Palace asks to see you,” another bodyguard came in to inform.

Huh?

What was he doing here?

Lin Zheng, Heng Weilin and the other officials were all somewhat puzzled when they heard the report from the bodyguard.

Although they had not met Wang Lijin before, they had heard rumours about him circulating around the imperial capital.

The fatty was considered as one of the few older courtiers, but also a gambling addict, who had even gambled his official seal. Not many people really had a good opinion of him. Back in the beginning of the empire, the fatty had always been considered the worst among the leading commander figures, and being a disgraceful existence. However, after the Battle of the Light Palace, in which the fatty unbelievably counterattacked, Palace Lord Ye Qingyu had put him into an important position.

But when everyone thought that the fatty was going to correct himself and start a new life, he went back to his old ways in the shortest possible time, and was once again addicted to gambling, becoming how he used to be in the past.

So the fatty's assessment in the imperial capital was not particularly good.

Fortunately, the fatty rarely fooled around, hardly left the Light City, and had never harmed other troops. Thus, Lin Zheng and the others did not control him. Moreover, he was a trusted aide of Palace Lord Ye Qingyu.

But why did he come here today all of a sudden?

Everybody had a dazed look of bewilderment.

“Let him in,” Lin Zheng responded in a loud voice after a thought.

Although there was a problem with his character, he was still the Commander of the Soldiers camp of the Light City, as well as being Ye Qingyu's trusted aide. Thus he must not treat him with disrespect.

Soon, a chubby figure appeared in the main hall.

“Hey... Lord Lin Zheng, Lord Liu Gelao, and other Lords, long time no see!” Wearing the same disreputable and obsequious smile, he acted out his distinctive character. The commander of the Light camp had profound strength, but could not control his very large body. He was clad in an armour that did not fit his body, and seemed to have rushed here in a hurry. His armour was not dressed neatly, and was a bit breathless.

And in his hand, he was carrying an extremely exquisite-looking black lacquer box. It was unknown what was in the box but he wore the most mysterious expression.

Long time no see?!

Heng Weilin did not know whether to laugh or cry.

Although Lord Ye Qingyu had a well-known reputation, he had not been fortunate enough to meet him. However, he had encountered the fat commander of Light City many times before. As a result the fatty was being a little too overly familiar with him.

Lin Zheng cast a glimpse at Li Wanhai, saw that a little irritated look came over his face, gently sighed, and turned to say to Wang Lijin, “Commander Wang Lijin, what are you looking for me for?”

“Oh, actually, I'm not here to see you, but to find a little guy called Li Wanhai, is he here?” Fatty rolled his eyes. He clearly saw Li Wanhai, yet pretended to not have noticed him.

“You're looking for me? Who are you?” Li Wanhai found it infuriating to be addressed as ‘little guy’. But he did not know about the identity of Wang Lijin, and also did not care, casting disdainful sidelong glances at him.

“Oh, oh, so you're that Li Wanhai who has an exaggerated opinion of your own abilities? Haha, the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce is very remarkable. When I was outside I thought I heard a dog barking inside, but it was you.” Wang Lijin smiled insincerely, his body trembling as he spoke. It was unknown whether he was nervous or excited, but the fat that were covered tightly in armour were shaking uncontrollably.

Li Wanhai almost erupted.

Instead of arguing with the fatty, he turned to Lin Zheng and snapped, “Lord Lin Zheng, this fat man is one of your people of the Heaven Wasteland Empire? If this piece of fat is still alive after one hour, your Heaven Wasteland Domain doesn't even need to think about getting the support of our Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, you choose.”

Lin Zheng and others felt great when they heard fatty scold Li Wanhai, but also knew that now was not the time to act brave, since it would only make the situation worse.

“Lord Wang Lijin, what are you here for today? If there is nothing, why don’t you leave first?” Lin Zhen tried to act as peacemaker.

Fatty grinned. “Of course I have something, and something big, did I not say that I’m here to find that Li Wanhai thing who uses his position to bully others... Hey, so that old boy is Li Wanhai. Great, old boy, listen up, I am the commander of Light City of Heaven Wasteland Empire, Wang Lijin. Today I am here on the orders of the Lord of my Palace, to specially come bring you a gift. Hehe, take it. I bet you'll be happy with the gift.”

As fatty was speaking, he handed over the black lacquer box.

Li Wanhai was taken aback.

But Lin Zheng and others all sprang up, face lit up with excitement.

Lord Ye Qingyu?

Lord Ye Qingyu of the Light Palace?!

The Lord Ye Qingyu that the fatty had mentioned would not be anyone else. Could it be... could it be that Lord Ye Qingyu was back?

The courtiers were all bursting with excitement——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

