Chapter 1225:


Chapter 1240 – Above a Martial Emperor

Ye Qingyu could not be any more shocked.

The nameless Quasi-emperor had said that the World Tree had already grown fully, and would bring unexpected benefits to Ye Qingyu if planted in his body. At first, Ye Qingyu was rather expectant of this, but he later discovered that it was not very active, and was instead indifferent toward him. He thus gradually lost expectation.

Who would have thought that, on this day of coincidence, it would offer up such a huge surprise.

He could clearly feel that, as the leaves of the World Tree drifted on the yuan qi ocean, green islands appeared, and the vegetation on the islands grew frenziedly, the vitality in his dantian world was abruptly increasing, such that its entirety began to brighten and liven up.

The green vegetation on the islands were absorbing the spiritual qi and yuan qi from the dantian world. Reasonably speaking, this kind of change would form a burden upon Ye Qingyu, causing his power to be taken away. In reality, however, these strange green vegetation seemed to be performing some kind of energy conversion and exchange. For every portion of spiritual qi and yuan qi that it drew, it would quickly spit out a strange and vigorous vitality, causing Ye Qingyu's dantian world to become ever more replete with spiritual qi, like an Immortal Domain of its own.

“I wonder if I can pluck those spiritual herbs.”

Ye Qingyu formed an idea as he looked at the green vegetation on the dozens of islands.

These were all spiritual and divine herbs rarely seen in the outside world. Although they did not look ripe in age, their growth was highly vigorous and pure. Compared to the later-day spiritual herbs cultivated in various formations of the outer world, its herbal effect was clearly greater.

However, what surprised Ye Qingyu was that, at the very instant that he focused his inward sight on a blade of [Three Heart Dragon Grass] and formed an idea, the blade of [Three Heart Dragon Grass] disappeared and then reappeared in his palm without warning.

“This… can actually be plucked, for real?”

Ending his inward gaze, Ye Qingyu looked at the blade of [Three Heart Dragon Grass] which was circulating spiritual essence in this palm. After a brief daze, a bout of joy surged in his heart.

The divine and spiritual herbs on those islands in his dantian world were actually material objects instead of illusions, and could be extracted. Moreover, their herbal properties were not reduced at all. This discovery was simply too crazy. It meant that, henceforth, Ye Qingyu would have a divine herb garden that belonged to himself, and would not have to fear the herbs being stolen by outsiders. Besides, many of the herbs on the green islands were already extremely rare or extinct in the real world. The few herbs that Ye Qingyu casually took were all entirely unique.

This kind of feeling was akin to a little white rabbit being stunned by a carrot that fell from the sky, seeing nothing but tiny stars.

With these nearly-inexhaustible supply of herbs, Ye Qingyu could refine several divine and spiritual pills that could only be found in ancient times. In fact, he might even be able to refine large batches of them. In doing so, he could probably expedite the breeding of babies artificially and create a large batch of experts and aces to form a large army of top-level formation martial experts so as to deal with the coming disaster of reincarnation.

Placing the blade of [Three Heart Dragon Grass] in his mouth, he carefully chewed and distinguished it. A faintly astringent-tasting juice began to fill his mouth.

He was distinguishing its herbal properties and potency.

Soon, he was fully certain that this blade of [Three Heart Dragon Grass] was of the highest grade.

He then looked inward with his divine consciousness once more, and tried several times to pluck a few other varieties of divine and spiritual herbs from the green islands. Like the [Three Heart Dragon Grass], they turned out to be pluckable, and possessed the herbal properties and potency as described and recorded in the ancient texts, completely confirming Ye Qingyu's earlier prediction.

“I really had never thought that the World Tree would actually have such an extraordinary effect.”

He was excited like never before.

He vaguely felt that the powers of the World Tree did not end here.

Time passed.

Eventually, the Immortal Domain energy in the [Cloud Top Cauldron] fully entered his body.

By absorbing this kind of power, the World Tree grew three or four times in bulk. Standing dozens of kilometers high with its giant crown spreading outward like a lofty and magnificent green mountain range, it covered the vast yuan qi ocean, while its luxuriant leaves made soft rustling noises. A full one hundred green leaves had already fallen, eventually landing on the yuan qi ocean and turning into one hundred green islands of dozens of kilometers in circumference.

The divine and spiritual herbs on the green islands incessantly absorbed yuan qi and spiritual qi from Ye Qingyu's dantian world, eventually being converted into a strange kind of life power that diffused throughout.

This kind of life power was extremely similar, yet not completely similar, to the Immortal energy of the Immortal Domain.

When Ye Qingyu tried to work up this power to enter his limbs and bones, he later discovered a phenomenon that shocked him like never before – the martial techniques and battle skills worked up by the life power were many times more powerful and terrifying than when worked up by normal Emperor power. This meant that the life power was actually of a higher grade and level than Emperor power.

“Emperors are matchless and invincible because we possess Emperor power. I’d thought that Emperor qi was the highest form of formation martial power, but now...” Ye Qingyu was shocked by this discovery.

There’s a highest grade of power than Emperor power. Does that mean there’s also a higher realm than that of the Martial Emperor?

Is the Martial Emperor realm actually not the true pinnacle of the formation martial way?

This discovery caused Ye Qingyu to feel that his understanding of this world was flipped upside down once again.

If that’s the case, what is the realm above the Martial Emperor called?

Ye Qingyu was a little baffled.

He had read a tremendous number of martial secret books and classics of an extremely wide range. Be it contemporary books or ancient texts, he had certainly read a considerable amount. Moreover, he had a photographic memory. Throughout the contemporary age, it would probably be very difficult to find beings that had read more than him. Yet, among the books and documents he had read, there had never been any description of a realm above that of the Martial Emperor.

Among the various contemporary legends, there had never been any mention of such a realm.

All contemporary beings and experts considered the Martial Emperor realm to be the pinnacle of the formation martial way.

Therefore, Ye Qingyu had believed this all along too.

But now, he realized that everyone was wrong.

This could explain many questions.

For example, despite also being a Martial Emperor, why was the Sky Emperor able to compel so many hidden sovereigns to serve him? The reason was definitely not that he had nurtured and promoted them, but instead that their strength was not comparable to his and they were thus controlled and intimidated by him, such that they had no choice but to follow his orders. This could also explain why the Divine Light Emperor once lorded over all Martial Emperors, and even the Sky Emperor had to take orders from him.

This was not just because the beings of the Martial Emperor realm differed in strength, but more so because there was another even more powerful and incredible realm above that of the Martial Emperor.

Just as a Martial Emperor could crush and intimidate myriad pinnacle Ninth Step Quasi-emperors, a being above the Martial Emperor realm could crush and intimidate myriad Martial Emperors.

“I wonder, what is the realm above the Martial Emperor like exactly?” Ye Qingyu pondered.

This discovery made him feel that a never-seen-before, mysterious door was gradually appearing in front of him while cracking open slightly, waiting for him to unearth the mystery and break through.

Later, he realized that the legendary Divine Light Emperor  was very likely to be a being that was above the Martial Emperor realm.

As for the Sky Emperor… the best guess was that he had not attained that realm. However, judging from the methods he used to control all of the hidden sovereigns, he was probably within touching distance of it.

Moreover, the old sovereign of the Sun clan had said that, by inferring from the Light Emperor’s detection technique, he had discovered that the Sky Emperor’s condition was rather strange, only possessing a divine soul but not a true body. Perhaps, he had run into some problems in his technique cultivation, or perhaps he was using some kind of risky technique to initiate an attack on something. Therefore, the good news for Ye Qingyu was that the Sky Emperor should not be of much threat for a period of time while cultivating his technique.

Ye Qingyu's mind was clear like never before.

He worked up the strange life power and continually circulated it in his body, feeling the terrifying aspects of this kind of power. At the same time, he tried using this power to nourish his body and increase his physical strength to the extreme.

He was very clear that mastering this kind of life power would be equivalent to grasping the key that led to the gate of the realm above that of the Martial Emperor.

He was already ahead of the other Martial Emperors.

He also discovered that, following his working up and circulation of this life power, the green vegetation of divine and spiritual herbs on the hundred islands in his dantian world seemed to offer some response. A strange resonant boosting effect caused the vegetation on the islands to become even more vigorous and to grow faster, thereby releasing and diffusing even more life power.

“Indeed, this is also a form of cultivation.”

A spiritual light flashed across Ye Qingyu's mind as he abruptly grasped a truth.

Since ancient times, normal warriors below the Saint realm repeatedly worked up their yuan qi, produced in the Spirit Springs of their bodies, in their meridian channels for several days so as to enhance their cultivation and invigorate their yuan qi. However, from the Saint realm and on, this method would be of little effect to a martial expert. To enhance one’s strength, one would have to use external power to supplement their own, and comprehend the universal laws. This was why nobody at the Saint realm or above used the several-day circulation method to cultivate themselves.

However, this simple and ancient form of cultivation seemed to have a peculiarly great increase effect on life power.

In other words, the best way to cultivate toward the realm above that of the Martial Emperor could possibly be to return to simplicity and make use of the most primitive cultivation method.

Ye Qingyu became excited.

If this was really the case, it would mean that, with the help provided by the World Tree, he had not only seen the path and door that led to the new martial realm, but also found the cultivation method that could open this door and lead to true reincarnation immortality. This more so meant that, given sufficient time, he would eventually be able to surpass the Martial Emperor realm and reach a truly invincible state.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1226:


Chapter 1241 - A Change

Ye Qingyu ended his period of self-isolation and emerged from the Military Judge of the Nine Swords' residence.

One month had flown by and this was in line with his original estimations.

In fact, he had completely recovered from his injuries by the tenth day and over the next twenty days, he was training and cultivating. He hadn't expected this but had to do it because of the changes to the World Tree. It was during those twenty days that he felt that he had undergone a complete transformation—although it might sound absurd that a martial Emperor could undergo complete transformation, this was indeed what had happened to him.

Ye Qingyu's cultivation had already surged so powerfully that he was no longer able to estimate the limits of his power.

If he had faced the sovereigns of the Sky-reaching clan, the Dark Feather clan and the Dark Yellow clan in his current state and cultivation, he would be able to kill them within a hundred moves without having to use the [Blood Drinker Sword] nor any of his trump cards, regardless if they joined forces against him. Even if the Sky Emperor sent his doppelganger to meet Ye Qingyu again, he was no longer Ye Qingyu's match. Ye Qingyu could also kill him within a hundred moves without getting injured. He would never be caught in such a miserable situation again.

As his cultivation surged, so did his confidence.

He felt more confident in facing the impending reincarnation heavenly punishment that was about to befall them.

Ye Qingyu did not notify anyone else of his emergence from self-isolation but walked out of the residence alone and strolled along the streets of Royal City.

He could see the others on the street but they couldn't see him.

A lot had changed in Royal City in the span of a month.

Firstly, dozens of silver warships floated soundlessly in the sky above Royal City and their streamlined silver bodies completely covered the body of the ship that was two thousand meters in length. They looked like several gigantic ancient dragons swimming in the firmament and their large bodies; the icy splendor that reflected off their surfaces made a very strong visual impact.

There were several silver flying ships inside the silver warships and these were like worker bees that buzzed in and out of the warships. There were many of them and they floated in the sky like silver armored soldiers patrolling the land. Royal City was under surveillance thanks to these tiny ships.

Upon closer examination, he noticed that these warships were the 'sentries' mentioned by [The Beginning] and they were actually a kind of robot from the earth's civilization; their bodies were smaller and quicker when it came to surveillance and patrolling. Their maximum speed was comparable to that of a Quasi-emperor, but they were not regular 'combat robots' and would not be able to resist a true Quasi-emperor. They'd barely be able to call it a draw if they were to battle average Saint experts.

"I guess [The Beginning] has decided to let the earth's civilization reappear once again," he said as realization dawned.

[The Beginning] had mentioned this once before and Ye Qingyu had not objected to this idea since the power from the earth's civilization would compensate for the weaknesses in the formation martial way and it was a crucial part of resisting the impending destructive punishment that would arise due to the reincarnation of the civilization, so it was important to quickly expand and develop this technology. Since the earth's civilization would reappear in this world, it was better for it to appear sooner rather than later.

There were many people weaving through the streets.

It was clear that over the past one month, the turmoil in the city had been thoroughly quelled and order had been restored. Royal City was as lively and bustling as it used to be, so he was surprised at how quickly all living creatures of the Dark Realm forgot about the pain and suffering of war. He guessed that it might be because war was never too distant for those who lived in the Dark Realm; since they were constantly living in such a turbulent warzone, they were probably used to war.

He was even more surprised to find that regardless of race, all these figures who walked along the streets seemed to have grown accustomed to the silver warships and patrolling airships in the sky. No one seemed to find it odd at all and occasionally those who were peddling their wares on the streets would glance up at these ships for a short moment before they resumed loudly peddling their wares.

A large majority of those within Royal City had grown accustomed to the warships that suddenly appeared from nowhere to take over the airspace.

Perhaps the warships of the earth's civilization and the formation martial way's civilization were essentially the same to these people and the only difference lay in the fact that the warships from the earth's civilization were more elegant and aesthetically pleasing; the outer appearance of these warships was like an artwork that would cause one to gasp in awe. Most people within Royal City probably assumed that these were new warships that the new Emperor had crafted. The Immortal God Emperor was a sovereign shrouded in so much mystery that it seemed possible that he would design and refine such beautiful warships.

His spirits lifted after he walked around the city for he realized that the situation at Royal City seemed much better than he had anticipated.

During this period, [The Beginning] had worked tremendously hard and the internal affairs team that he had put together had issued a series of commands, restoring order to the city that previously had messy laws, lax enforcement standards, poor coordination amongst the various departments with lots of manpower—yet were constantly trying to pass the buck. Most of these new edicts were built on the past laws of the camp and several existing edicts were only edited slightly, so this did not completely overhaul the system that had been in place for millions of years; it was just enough to soundlessly change and eliminate the class barriers. This approach was just like boiling a frog in heated water, so it would be too late once the noblemen noticed what was wrong.

This was what Ye Qingyu hoped to achieve.

This also meant that managing Royal City could be carried out in a more orderly manner.

No matter what one aims to achieve, a transparent and healthy system should be the basis of everything.

The Sinners were the ones who could feel how significant the changes in Royal City were.

Before the new Emperor ruled over Royal City, the Sinners were just like the beasts that were raised by the Guardians camp within Royal City, with their fate always in the hands of others. The noblemen weren't the only ones who could bully or kill them; even an ordinary citizen within the Guardians camp could get away with murder. However, the new Emperor's edicts were strictly enforced and protected the safety of the Sinners. In addition, the restrictions placed on Sinners entering Royal City were also no longer as tight as they had been, so Sinners could also enter Royal City even when the Wanyi Bazaar was not set up, to experience the lively city for themselves.

These were all edicts that had lifted the status of the Sinners.

Ye Qingyu heard many anecdotes during his walk around Royal City and this also included cases where the military headquarters were strictly looking into cases of the murders of Sinners, so they were already starting to bear their fangs.

Besides the Sinners, the lower-caste citizens of the Guardians camp had also noticed the improvements in their living standards. Their status was slightly higher than the Sinners, but they were also treated as sacrificial lambs in the noblemen system, were status and class were so clearly defined. Under the old laws, they didn't have many rights and their lives were similarly controlled by the true noblemen, so they lived like horses and cows.

After the new Emperor's edicts were announced, there was a newfound gravity in Royal City. The foul and seedy atmosphere that used to hang in the air had vanished, to be placed by a barely detectable sense of vitality.

He finally returned to the military headquarters after his walk around town.

The military headquarters no longer had an air of idleness but instead, it was all abuzz with a flurry of activity.

He probed the area with his divine sense and wasn't surprised to find that [The Beginning] was not present. Then, he returned to the Great Hall of Policy and summoned Sun Yi.

"Your Highness, you... congratulations on ending your self-isolation," Sun Yi who was being kept extremely busy was delighted to see Ye Qingyu and hurriedly bowed.

Unlike [The Beginning], Sun Yi was a living human, so he didn't have the ability to predict things with such incredible accuracy. As a result, he was in charge of handling many military affairs; he felt the pressure after such a heavy responsibility was entrusted to him. To make matters worse, he didn't have many talented men under him and it was too late to groom new talents, so he was kept extremely busy trying to stabilize and maintain control over the military headquarters that had undergone a radical transformation.

Ye Qingyu nodded. He had expected this but he was still amused by Sun Yi's reaction.

"Commander Sun Yi, thanks for your hard work. Has anything significant happened recently?" he asked.

Sun Yi answered gravely, "The reform within the military headquarters has been proceeding rather smoothly and thanks to your authoritative presence, the noblemen have not dared to resist nor create much of a fuss. The worst cases have just been those displaying a lackluster attitude in complying with these new edicts. Your edicts have also been distributed throughout the various Central Cities of the Dark Realm; those who dare to defy your orders have been... uh, have been crushed by the Heavenly Fighter Demon Emperor, so we haven't been facing many issues on that end."

Ye QIngyu burst out laughing when he heard this.

The title that Little Nine had given itself had started to catch on and crushing those forces who opposed him was something that the violent silly dog had always enjoyed doing. When he saw Sun Yi's hesitant expression, he could guess that Little Nine had probably gotten itself into trouble and made a fool out of itself as usual... it was always such a headache to deal with.

"There's another matter I'd like to report but this is a piece of good news. The rebel forces of the Fire Province have issued a notice of surrender and their envoy already arrived here three days ago. I didn't dare to make any decision without your consent and thus, I've been putting this matter on hold until you emerged from your period of self-isolation," Sun Yi said.

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, "I commend them for surrendering and hereby appoint the leader of the rebel forces to be the Governor of Fire Province. I won't persecute them for their crimes and will treat them well. I'll look upon them favorably in accordance with the regulations of all the other provinces, granting them authority to govern the Fire Province as they deem fit. As for the other handover issues, I'll let [The Beginning] handle them."

"As you wish," Sun Yi said as he accepted Ye Qingyu's decision.

However, he was secretly shocked.

The new Emperor had always treated those who rebelled against him very harshly and the sixteen Great Emperors were a good example of that. Thus, he was surprised to hear that the rebels of the Fire Province would enjoy such beneficial treatment, as though the new Emperor was rewarding his subjects for their contributions. Could the new Emperor be acting this way since the Fire Province had surrendered not long after he ascended the throne, and this was a good opportunity to terrify the rest of the rebels into submission? Was this why he had rewarded the head of the rebels so richly?

Sun Yi didn't know that the so-called rebel troops of the Fire Province were in cahoots with Ye Qingyu and that everything had been premeditated. They were just going with the flow at this moment and it wasn't as convoluted as Sun Yi had imagined it to be.

"Is there anything else you'd like to report?" Ye Qingyu asked.

Sun Yi bowed, then said, "We've received urgent news from the frontline at the Great Wall, stating that Invaders at the Chaos District recently showed signs of attacking soon. This seemed to be a sign that they are preparing to launch an attack en masse. The Invaders have already engaged in small skirmishes with the soldiers stationed along the border of the Great Wall. This time, the Invaders seem to have become much more clever, knowing when to attack and when to retreat, so they've become formidable opponents!"

Ye Qingyu was surprised to hear that.

Had the destructive punishment of the civilization's reincarnation cycle been brought forward?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1227:


Chapter 1242 - A Rare Clue

Nonetheless, he wasn't too worried.

The sovereign of the Sun clan had used the Emperor Detection Technique and had already calculated that it would be some time before the true heavenly punishment, so these strange changes at the border were probably skirmishes before the actual event. Nonetheless, this was enough for him to be on his guard.

"I heard that there were also strange occurrences that were detected at the Chaos District, being possible that the Invaders had started killing their own. The Unmoving City of Darkness also sent news that their Emperor would like to go to the Chaos District to have a look," Sun Yi reported and respectfully handed the urgent military missives to Ye Qingyu with both hands.

Ye Qingyu formed a complete understanding of the situation after he finished reading the military missives.

Song Xiaojun wanted to go the Chaos District, and she was indeed powerful enough to be able to explore it, as long as she didn't go too deep. He wasn't too concerned about that, yet his interest was piqued, given that Song Xiaojun wouldn't have wanted to explore the Chaos District without reason, so she must have discovered something that led to her wanting to make this trip.

What exactly had she discovered at the Chaos District?

He wasn't able to find the answers from the military missives he had received from the frontline.

The only explanation he could think of was that Song Xiaojun had not wanted anyone else to receive this information and thus, chose not to pass it on via military correspondence.

It was probably time for him to make a trip to the frontlines at the Great Wall in the west.

As he mulled over this, he noticed Sun Yi's hesitant reaction and said with a smile, "Are you facing any other problems?"

Sun Yi hurriedly bowed and said apologetically, "I'm honored that you’ve trusted me with such heavy responsibility and would do my utmost to live up to your expectations. The internal military affairs of Royal City are varied and convoluted, also involving the supervision of the various Central Cities in the Dark Realm. However, the officials who held important roles within the military headquarters previously have mostly been stripped of their titles and arrested due to their involvement in the sixteen Great Emperors case, so several positions remain vacant within the military. I'm fine with working unceasingly to support Your Highness, but there's truly a severe lack of manpower at the moment and it is too early to draw on the men who we have groomed. Thus, I'd like to request Your Highness to identify, groom and send more talents to the military headquarters."

Ye Qingyu nodded.

This past month had indeed been hard on Sun Yi.

He had subjected those clans with sovereigns to harsh punishments and this resulted in many noblemen being implicated. Consequently, the military system that had been established based on the noblemen's authoritative power also showed signs of collapse, when many noblemen were imprisoned. At the moment, the various departments of the military headquarters could only operate with the limited manpower that they had, so it was true that he had to groom successors as soon as possible.

Ye Qingyu knew many talented men; Yan Buhui of the Heaven Wasteland Empire, Lin Zheng, and the others were definitely talented. There were many talented men within the Heaven Wasteland Empire; although they would not be considered top-level experts, they were very talented in the art of governance. If he brought them to the Dark Realm, they'd be able to quickly pick up things after they spent a certain amount of time understanding the situation.

Ye Qingyu had been mulling this issue for some time.

He planned to attempt establishing a connection between the domains of the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm, having initially planned on figuring out a way to allow the talented and outstanding men of the Vast Thousand Domains to enter the Dark Realm, transporting the vast amount of wealth and raw materials between both realms; that way, the Vast Thousand Domains would become a backup base for the Dark Realm. However, he would need to devise an intricate and complicated proposal to push this through, so he ultimately decided that [The Beginning] should be the one elaborating this plan.

He estimated that [The Beginning] would need some time before reverting.

As for the extreme lack of manpower at the moment, he figured that the only solution for now was to request [The Beginning] to send more robots designed to govern internal affairs over.

He suddenly felt like he had done the right thing by developing the earth's civilization when he stumbled upon them at the Luoshen Ridge. Now that he had found a universal-level optical brain in [The Beginning], he could easily delegate the complicated affairs of the military and government to him. The existence of an optical brain was enough for the orderly systems of the formation martial world to improve by many times and also made the military and governance affairs throughout the Dark Realm more effective than usual.

If he had [The Beginning] on his side, he could easily hand everything over to him and become an innkeeper that just manned the books behind the desk.

"If there's anyone you find trustworthy, you may appoint them to take on the titles of marquises and kings. All you'll have to do is to update me after you've appointed them. If there's a severe shortage in manpower, for the time being, you may rely on [The Beginning]. He might just be able to assign several trustworthy talents to you," Ye Qingyu said. He was extremely certain of Sun Yi's trustworthiness and immediately gave him the power to appoint marquises and kings.

Sun Yi was stunned.

How could Ye Qingyu allow him to appoint marquises and kings? Wasn't this authority beyond him?

When he saw that Ye Qingyu seemed serious about it and did not look like he was testing his loyalty, he was even more grateful toward him, gaining a deeper insight into the personal charm of this new Emperor. Most other Emperors would want to groom their own descendants and appoint their own trusted friends when they first ascended the throne, so this was the first time he had witnessed such a nonchalant Emperor.

"As you wish," Sun Yi readily accepted his newfound authority and did not deliberately try to put on an act by politely declining this power.

Since Ye Qingyu had regarded him as an important pillar of society, he would repay Ye Qingyu's confidence in him by contributing significantly to the development of this realm.

Sun Yi decided at that moment that he would remain loyal to Ye Qingyu till the day he died.

He bowed and left after working out the details with Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu thought for a moment, then connected to [The Beginning's] communication device. He wanted to know why he wasn't at the military headquarters and why he had not sent Sun Yi several administrative robots to assist him.

"I did all these to avoid arousing suspicion," [The Beginning] said as though it made complete sense, "Sun Yi is someone who is highly regarded by you, enjoys the same status as I do and will co-decide on government and military affairs with me. This was your order before you went into self-isolation, so how could I meddle in his scope of authority...? This was the conclusion I came to after referring to the historical records from the earth's civilization as well as the books from the formation martial world. What would become of me once you start suspecting me of being a traitorous subject or assume that I'm trying to consolidate power?"

Ye Qingyu was speechless.

He wondered why this idiotic [The Beginning] would even think that he would be suspicious of him.

Could this optical brain have been influenced by Little Nine after they spent so much time together?

He shook his head, for he knew that this optical brain was forming its own consciousness.

This was a good development.

"I will need you to take more care in handling the issues at Royal City since I'll be making a trip to the Great Wall in the west. I'll be trusting you to handle the matter of Senior Xiaofei's promotion and all you'll have to do is to execute everything according to the plan that we had agreed upon earlier. After his promotion, please invite Senior Xiaofei to Royal City to handle affairs, since it would be a true waste of his talents if he remained at the Fire Province," he told [The Beginning].

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had been locked in self-isolation to increase his own cultivation recently, so [The Beginning] had taken over most of the affairs at the Fire Province. Ye Qingyu and [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had interacted and exchanged communications on several occasions, verifying and exchanging information on the true meaning of the martial way. It had been several months since [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had gone into self-isolation, and since he was such an outstanding talent—endowed with peerless natural aptitude, and had received advice and tips from Ye Qingyu, he had managed to glean a considerable insight from those interactions. It was highly likely that he'd be able to become an Emperor. Ye Qingyu was also looking forward to him becoming an Emperor.

Little Ten, the White-boned Earth Dragon was now the most powerful creature in the Fire Province during [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] period of self-isolation.

Little Ten's strength had increased tremendously; after it transformed the power that it had consumed to become its own strength, it had become a peak ninth step Quasi-emperor, and would be able to rule over a piece of land by its own right. However, compared to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], it was a creature raised by Ye Qingyu, so there was definitely a large gap to bridge if it wanted to become an Emperor. Thus, the chances of it actually becoming an Emperor were extremely slim.

Luoshen Ridge had already formed an alliance with the Fire Province, and at that time, the entire Earth Province had also merged with the Fire Province. All these places secretly contained a terrifying power that could make this entire world quake in fear; this was one of the trump cards that Ye Qingyu was planning to use to resist the destiny of reincarnation.

After he made arrangements for everything, he left Royal City and headed toward the Unmoving City of Darkness at the frontlines of the Great Wall.

His current cultivation meant that he could cover this vast distance in several minutes. He exerted the laws of space and arrived at the territory of the Unmoving City of Darkness within ten minutes.

He looked down at the city from the sky. That day, the Unmoving City of Darkness had turned into the defensive heart of the one hundred and fifty million kilometer Great Wall; all the military forces were temporarily stationed around the Unmoving City of Darkness. In particular, the new army under Lin Xuan's command was the most outstanding and disciplined; the impression Ye Qingyu had of him was improved further. This man was truly a brilliant commander who could rally troops together. This army had been hastily put together, but within a month, he had transformed these men into a disciplined army that knew when to attack and when to retreat. This army was showing signs of becoming a formidable force which reflected Lin Xuan's impressive skills.

He sensed Song Xiaojun's aura down below. In a flash, he immediately appeared in the middle of the Divine Palace of Darkness.

"Brother Qingyu," Song Xiaojun said since she had already sensed his aura. Her beautiful face lit up with happiness; the traces of worry that had been on her face moments earlier quickly vanished as she happily rose to meet him.

Ye Qingyu reached out and held her hand with a natural ease.

"We've already heard about the things that have transpired at Royal City... You seem to have completely recovered from your injuries," she said and a flash of shyness flitted across her face, before she quickly grew used to him holding her hand. She had become an Emperor due to the activation of her bloodline power, and unlike Ye Qingyu, she had not become an Emperor after gaining insights through diligent cultivation and killing many others. Being the case, she was still very innocent and naive; when there were no outsiders around, she behaved like a little girl.

"I've completely recovered from my injuries," Ye Qingyu said with a small smile. "I heard that you were interested in heading to the Chaos District. Have you discovered anything of note there?"

Song Xiaojun nodded and replied," Recently, large swarms of Invaders have tried countless times to breach the defensive line of the Great Wall, seeming to be quite restless and uneasy. We discovered a weapon on one of the Quasi-emperor=level Invaders—this weapon was stuck upside-down in its body. It was extremely odd because it had not been injured while attacking the Great Wall, and this weapon seemed to be inside its body for some time. I think you might even find this weapon familiar," she said as she took out a broken sword from a sword box and handed it to him.

When he saw the sword, his pupils suddenly constricted and he was completely stunned.

He recognized the sword.

He not only recognized it; he had personally forged this sword.

He had forged a total of five hundred such swords and had given a portion of these swords to a group of young boys and girls to be their personal sabers. This group of young boys and girls had been sent to the Clear River Domain to be groomed by the Immortal God Sect, along with Bai Yuanxing, Li Ying, Li Qi and Jin Ling'er.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1228:


Chapter 1243 - Entering the Depths

According to Song Xiaojun, this broken sword was found in the body of an Invader that lived deep within the Chaos District; she concluded that this Quasi-emperor Invader had once been injured by someone at the Chaos District, which resulted in this broken blade being stuck in its body. This Invader had followed the rest of its kind to attack the Great Wall some time later and had been killed while trying to attack the Great Wall. The broken sword was then found in its body after it was killed.

Ye Qingyu finally knew why Song Xiaojun wanted to explore the Chaos District.

She had probably heard about Bai Yuanxing and the others who had gone missing and recognized where the broken sword had come from, so she deduced that it was highly likely that Bai Yuanxing and the others had fallen into the enemy's hands at the Chaos District for some unknown reason, which resulted in the blade being stuck in the Invader's body.

Ye Qingyu would have made the same decision himself.

"Let's go right now," he said and couldn't wait any longer.

He had never forgotten about Bai Yuanxing and the missing bright young boys and girls who numbered over two hundred, and was constantly searching for them. He had tried on several occasions to detect their whereabouts with his Emperor Detection Technique but it had not been effective, not being able to find any clues at all. It was as if those people had completely vanished.

Now, a clue had surfaced out of the blue.

He wasn't absolutely sure whether Bai Yuanxing and the others were in the depths of the Chaos District, but he had to take a look.

He didn't want to wait a second longer.

If Bai Yuanxing and the others were truly at the Chaos District trying desperately to survive in the midst of danger, and if he were to be too late to save them, he would regret it for the rest of his life.

"I'll come with you," Song Xiaojun said earnestly.

Ye Qingyu wanted her to stay to rule over the Unmoving City of Darkness, but when he saw her earnest and hopeful expression, he nodded and said, "Very well, let's try to make this quick."

...

...

At the Chaos District’s littered area.

Dust spread across the air; a cruel and violent atmosphere hung in the air all around.

Many ancient men had named this place 'the edge of the world', and they were not wrong.

Ye Qingyu recalled that most of the domains throughout the Vast Thousand Domains were naturally endowed with conditions suitable for sustaining life, while the Dark Realm was comparatively poorer and life was extremely harsh. The only places that could sustain any lifeforms were the various Central Cities of the Dark Realm. However, the advantages of the Dark Realm laid in the fact that the laws of the universe were clearly defined and spiritual qi was found in higher concentrations. This was why there were so many martial arts experts within the Dark Realm while it had been many millions of years since true martial experts had appeared within the Vast Thousand Domains.

These two large districts were the world's normal districts.

The disorderly Chaos District was an abnormal district.

The place was cruel and devoid of life while there was a strong odor of burning sulfur in the air; terrifying bursts of fire would emerge from the ground at times. Fire that was powerful enough to instantly burn Heaven Ascension realm experts alive kept spewing out from the holes in black rocks at irregular intervals. Ye Qingyu witnessed how many Invaders—that were lazily resting on the black rocks—were turned to ashes the next instant after the fire burst out, exploding from the earth.

Moreover, the moment he entered the Chaos District, he clearly sensed that the power of laws were extremely violent and chaotic. If the power of laws at the Vast Thousand Domains was like a tiny stream and the power of laws at the Dark Realm was like a calm river, the power of laws in that zone was like a raging ocean.

How violent was the power of laws there?

The layer of chaotic dust in the void was formed precisely because of the violent power of laws.

There was a layer of chaotic dust spreading across the void, approximately a thousand meters above the ground. This dust was as thick as fog, completely blanketing the sky. Neither the sun nor the blue sky could be seen; the only thing visible was the dull darkness from the endless grey dust. Despite his powerful cultivation, even he could not see more than a thousand meters past this thick chaotic powder.

The chaotic dust contained such destructive power that only Quasi-emperor realm experts would be able to survive there. Martial artists who had yet to attain Quasi-emperor cultivation would be instantly shredded into a bloody mist by the chaotic laws of wind, if they were to enter this dust fog. It was even more impossible for warships to travel through this place. The warships that [The Beginning] was currently able to create would probably be destroyed as well.

This district was also occupied by large amounts of low-level Invaders.

These Invaders were all oddly-shaped. They looked like ancient violent beasts; they were all of varying shapes, but they were both ugly and savage-looking. It was as though their creator had randomly flung a handful of dirt out, and these beasts had taken on whatever shapes were formed when this handful of dirt landed on the ground.

These low-level Invaders didn't have any intellectual abilities and relied on their basic instincts. They were violent and bloodthirsty. They would even attack and kill their own kind; the victor of such skirmishes would become more powerful after consuming its own kind. This seemed to be the only way for the Invaders to become more powerful—they did not rely on cultivation methods.

The more he observed these Invaders, the more surprised he became.

He noticed that the shapes of these Invaders seemed familiar and looked like the spatial violent beasts that had surged out from the crack in space, when the Domain Gate to the Heavenly Wasteland Domain had opened. More importantly, the aura and outer appearance of the lowest-level Invaders seemed to be an exact match with the hordes of beasts that had attacked Deer City back then.

"Does this mean that the hordes of beasts that had attacked Deer City back then were in fact these lowest-level Invaders?"

Ye Qingyu was extremely shocked by this discovery.

The Invaders only existed within the Chaos District and over the years, the people of the Dark Realm had resisted their attacks, so they were forced to live in the Chaos District that was west of the Great Wall. Although these Invaders had successfully occupied the territory of the Dark Realm on several occasions throughout history, they had never managed to conquer the Dark Realm and were quickly driven away from the territory that they had claimed. Thus, the idea of them entering the Vast Thousand Domains seemed even more absurd. Why would there be Invaders masquerading as hordes of beasts outside the city walls of Deer City?

Moreover, this was not the first time that they had appeared.

When his parents died fighting the Invaders back then, they had been secretly attacked by that mysterious small sword.

The Invaders masquerading as hordes of beasts had only appeared outside Deer City and were not spotted at any other domain besides the Heavenly Wasteland Domain—as for the appearance of the puppet bloodworm, that should have been an exception. In regards to the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor who was corrupted by darkness, Ye Qingyu wanted to believe that they were puppets groomed by the Sky Emperor within the Vast Thousand Domains.

He became even more confused as he walked through the Chaos District.

The living conditions grew harsher.

As he walked deeper within the Chaos District, the layer of chaotic dust became sparser and the hurricane from the chaotic power of laws became more violent. The air rang with disorderly Dao sounds, resembling the angry growls of the ancient vicious beasts that would disappear and reappear elusively. The conditions were so terrible that one couldn’t help but shiver in fear.

Naturally, powerful experts such as Ye Qingyu and Song Xiaojun were not fazed by this.

They were here in search of traces from Bai Yuanxing and the others, and thus they concealed their appearance and aura with their Emperor qi, since they didn’t want to waste time. As they moved forward with their search, their presence was not discovered by the large amounts of Invaders that resided there.

They spent one entire morning searching and moving deeper into the Chaos District. After that, they were now several tens of thousands of kilometers deep within the Chaos District.

They noticed something different up ahead.

There were several extremely rare light yellow rocks in the depths of the black rocky hill. These yellow rocks were all of varying heights, arranged in an orderly manner on the hill. They stood out strikingly against the endless expanse of black burnt rocks and could be seen from a distance.

These were the abandoned ruins of an ancient city.

Ye Qingyu and Song Xiaojun were both very surprised.

How could there be signs that intellectual lifeforms had once lived in such a chaotic district?

They instantly arrived at the ruins of this ancient city.

The yellow stones were faded and dotted with age; many saber slashes and sword marks could be seen on the surfaces of these rocks. These stones were from an ancient age; from the surface area of the ruins of the ancient city, it was clear that it had once been gigantic at its peak, stretching for hundreds of kilometers. It was likely a flourishing city but now, all that was left were its crumbling walls and tiles. Its rich past had faded away in history; it was no longer possible for normal people to visit this historic site.

The city walls were in such terrible shape that it was impossible to determine in which era this ancient city had been built.

There was not a trace of martial aura left on the saber and sword marks that covered the crumbling city walls, the marks being old and weathered themselves.

Nonetheless, Ye Qingyu was heartened by what he saw.

These were all good signs.

The fact that such an ancient city had once existed had debunked all previous theories that the Chaos District could definitely not sustain any form of life. This also signified that this had once been a place where intellectual lifeforms had managed to flourish; the chances of Bai Yuanxing and the others surviving in such harsh conditions had also increased.

Ye Qingyu released his divine sense and it radiated across the surroundings.

Ye Qingyu and Song Xiaojun continued to make their way forward.

They were heartened when they continued to come across signs that seemed to point at the existence of intellectual lifeforms. They saw several broken pieces of armor, and an ancient war carriage that seemed to have been fossilized within the black volcanic rock, but they were still able to make out its shape...

As they made their way deeper into the Chaos District, they encountered even more Invaders.

There were several hundred thousands of Invaders, living in herds in large areas of this District. Each herd had a King-level Invader that had the ability to rule over and command lower-level Invaders; their roles were just like the commanders in the military organizing their troops. The more powerful Invaders seemed to have a higher level of intellect and were able to control their basic instincts to kill; they would also stop members of their herd from engaging in meaningless killing. The lower-level Invaders would obey the King-level Invaders' commands without fail, as though this was also part of their basic instincts.

The King-level Invaders were as powerful as martial artists of the Saint realm.

Six hours later, both Ye Qingyu and Song Xiaojun had already traveled several million kilometers deep into the Chaos District.

Ye Qingyu suddenly stopped and cocked his head to the side as he listened carefully.

He heard a series of angry growls in the howling chaotic windstorm.

These were the growls of a Quasi-emperor-level Invader; it seemed extremely enraged as though it was commanding the members of its herd to attack. There were also sounds of a fight; wisps of martial yuan qi ripples that Ye Qingyu was extremely familiar with, which could be detected in the chaotic windstorm, were appearing and disappearing elusively.

"These are the auras of formation yuan qi martial experts... Could it be Bai Yuanxing and the others?"

Ye Qingyu wondered in excitement.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

