Chapter 1045:


Chapter 1060 - Fiercer


Early morning.

Rays of light emerged in the horizon while a faint mist lingered in the air.

It had been a night of snow, especially in the latter half of the night when the falling of snowflakes became ever more intense, covering the entire Heaven Connect City in white snow. This had been the city’s biggest snowfall for a century. Fine snowflakes continued to flutter during the early morning, albeit not as much as earlier.

At the door of the Heaven Wasteland Building.

Dressed in gray servant robes, [Demon Sage] Purple Night was holding a broom and slowly clearing the snow.

He had become very quiet after what happened the previous night.

In his heart, there was no longer the same kind of expectation and sense of superiority as he had when he first came to the Heaven Wasteland Building despite appearing submissive on the surface. Instead, he had truly restrained his inner sting and unruliness, and forgotten about his former status and glory. Unexpectedly, he had truly devoted himself to the role of “Floor-Sweeping Demon”, and took the initiative to come out and sweep the snow even before the sun had risen.

Nobody knew what he was actually thinking inside.

Few passers-by took a second look at him.

This was because it was very difficult to associate this powerless and aura-less gray-robed servant with the high and mighty Demon Race Black Guards Commander of former days.

The main door of the Heaven Wasteland Building opened once more.

Ye Qingyu walked out of the building.

Day had not yet broken fully.

There were only faint rays of sunlight.

Dressed in white clothes, Ye Qingyu was in a pleasant mood as he stood at the door, giving a yawn and gently stretching, as if he was a pampered child who had just woken up from a good sleep.

Along with the growth of his martial cultivation, his temperament was also continually being refined.

These days, it was difficult to sense even a trace of wild and murderous evil qi from his body when he was not in an angry mood. The feeling he gave one was that of warmth, modesty, amiability, and extreme refinement, as if he was a well-read scholar. Amid his faint bookish aura was an Immortal-like calmness and indifference which had an aloof and ethereal quality about it.

“Let’s go.”

He laughed.

Subsequently, he walked out of the Heaven Wasteland Building with Lu Wei following behind him.

The Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others stood at the door to send them off, still looking a little nervous.

This was because Ye Qingyu was going to the divine temple of the Alliance of Domains to pay respects to the remains of Ren Puyang.

However, everyone knew that the mourning hall was presently in a terrifyingly blade-filled state.

If, during this world-shocking episode, it was said that Ren Puyang’s death was the fuse, the imprisonment of Lin Yutang was the explosion, the battle of Wuqing street was the first small climax, while the night battle in the Heaven Wasteland Building was the large climax, then everything that was going to happen in the mourning hall today would be the ultimate climax and ending, featuring the fiercest and closest combat.

Everything would be settled in the mourning hall.

Many years later, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon, who would have given up the sword for the plough by then, would still be able to vividly recall the early morning when, with fine snowflakes fluttering in the air, two young humans walked out from the Heaven Wasteland Building one after the other, passed by the floor-sweeping demon dressed in gray robes, and vanished down the snow-covered street. This was a dreamily mysterious scene indeed.

…

As Ye Qingyu walked out from the Heaven Wasteland Building, the attention of the entire Heaven Connect City was focused upon him.

From various positions and angles, countless pairs of eyes were observing this audacious Human Race young talent.

There were constantly new pieces of news being transmitted among the various forces.

The masters and higher-ups of the super forces who truly possessed authority and status had already received invitations from the Alliance of Domains and had hurried to the mourning hall of the divine temple even earlier on to witness the entire process of this climax. As for those experts who did not receive invitations, they appeared along the route from the Heaven Wasteland Building to the divine temple of the Alliance of Domains. It was no exaggeration to say that Ye Qingyu was afforded an eye salute by countless experts as he boarded the White Cloud Airship and advanced to the divine temple of the Alliance of Domains.

His every movement and action tugged at the hearts of many.

“Only two people?”

“To think that he’s bringing along only one young sidekick to the divine temple of the Alliance of Domains. Surely that’s too arrogant of him?”

“The young man behind him looks rather unfamiliar. Could he be Ye Qingyu’s secret weapon?”

“Nonsense, this young man’s strength is at a low-level Great Saint realm. I found this out using the [Celestial Eyepiece].”

Similar discussions were going on everywhere.

…

White clouds were abound.

Ye Qingyu stood alone at the front of the White Cloud Airship.

In the horizon were layers of dark clouds which blocked out the sun rays although they were not thick, causing this early morning to be especially chilly.

Covered in white snow, Heaven Connect City appeared magnificent and spectacular.

The boundless stretch of white caused Ye Qingyu to suddenly remember a scene from many years ago.

It was a scene from the Youyan frontier, at a time when he, Yu Xiaoxing, the [Painting Saint], and the others were riding an airship toward the hinterland of the Snow Ground Demon Race on a mapping expedition. As a small party venturing deep into enemy territory, they were taking a huge risk with only a small chance of survival. The trip was fraught with all kinds of dangers and variables, and, just like today’s trip to the mourning hall, was also snow-filled and harshly cold.

“Except that this time… I have enough power to take control of everything. I just hope that the bigwigs in the mourning hall don’t disappoint me.”

With a sword in his heart, Ye Qingyu found it difficult to temper his will.

This time in the mourning hall, he planned to draw the sword and thus temper his will.

In this dangerous world where favors and grudges were hard to reconcile, the best way to deal with things was with one’s own sword.

Ye Qingyu arrived in the vicinity of the divine temple in a twinkling. As usual, there were all kinds of checks to go through. After changing airships, he landed in the midair terminal according to the order number just like before. The place remained as bustling as ever. While Lu Wei curiously observed everything in the surroundings, this being his first time here, Ye Qingyu had long become familiar with these sights.

Because of his special status for the day, he did not have to queue up in the waiting temple, and was instead directly led by Fang Bule, one of the four White-robed Divine Guard Commanders, toward the mourning hall.

The road there was rather deserted.

A tense aura faintly pervaded the air.

Guard posts, some visible and some unseen, had been set up along the cloisters and walkways of the divine temple.

Many arrays which had not been activated for a long time had been activated in advance this time.

“Lord Ye Qingyu, the mourning hall is right ahead.” Leading the way in front, Fang Bule respectfully pointed at a black divine temple at the end of the cloister. “This is the [Divine Hero Temple], where, for many years, the corpses and tablets of those experts from the Human Race headquarters who perish in the line of duty have been placed, so that future generations can come to pay their respects. This is the most sacred place in the Human Race headquarters… After Lord Ren Puyang’s death, his body was brought back and stored here. Now that more than seven days have passed, his burial should by right be conducted already. However, in recognition of his prestige and eminence, Lord Ou Wuji decided to delay his burial so that more human compatriots with feelings for him can come and take a final look at him.”

Ye Qingyu nodded without saying a word.

A hint of disgust emerged on his face.

Ou Wuji’s motive for delaying the burial is probably to make use of Ren Puyang’s body to create a stir. When he truly becomes the main envoy of the Human Race headquarters, Ren Puyang’s body will probably never be seen again even if many people still want to pay their respects.

However, this was also the point which Ye Qingyu was most doubtful about.

If all of the earlier predictions and investigations aren’t wrong and Lin Yutang isn’t lying, Ou Wuji was the one who betrayed and murdered Ren Puyang. But if that’s the case, he should be in a hurry to bury the body so as to prevent outsiders from spotting anything on it.

Why isn’t he doing this?

Pondering, he arrived below the large temple.

Leading toward the door of the temple were twenty-eight steps, on every one and every side of which stood a human divine guard wearing white armor. These fifty-six divine guards were the elites of the White-robed Divine Guards. Having braved countless dangers, every one of them was extremely strong and gave off an iron-and-blood aura. They certainly could be considered one of the trump cards of the Human Race headquarters.

Ye Qingyu ascended the stairs step after step.

The divine guards saluted him as he passed.

His footsteps were rather heavy.

Although he had already digested the news of Ren Puyang’s death, coming to the mourning hall and seeing the white flowers hanging on the door of the divine temple still brought about a feeling of grief and sorrow, and his eyes could not help reddening.

Contrary to the saying, it’s not true that heroes don’t cry.

Ever since the opening of the Domain Gate and his departure from the Heaven Wasteland Domain, he had met countless older-generation dignitaries, but among them, no one had treated him better than Ren Puyang did. The latter had treated Ye Qingyu as his own child and provided protection even when Ye Qingyu had gotten into grave trouble. Otherwise, there would not be rumors presently abound that Ye Qingyu was Ren Puyang’s “own son”.

It would be no exaggeration to say that Ren Puyang’s kindness had made Ye Qingyu a new person.

Unfortunately, the hurried farewell eight months ago turned out to be the final farewell.

When Ye Qingyu arrived at the door of the large temple with tears in his eyes, an elderly man in mourning wear, who was holding the hand of a similarly-dressed young boy of eleven or twelve years old, welcomed him tearily. While the man’s eye expression suggested that he was unfamiliar with this arriver, Ye Qingyu’s heart was, for some reason, touched by the hint of uneasiness and fear in the black gem-like eyes of the young boy.

“Who are they?” Ye Qingyu asked.

Fang Bule hurriedly answered, “Uncle Lin was Lord Ren Puyang’s butler for more than sixty years. This young boy is called Ren Xingyan, an orphan whom Lord Ren Puyang adopted two years ago. Lord Ren Puyang was clean throughout his entire life and doesn’t have any wives or children, and so Xingyan is his one and only descendant. These days, it’s these two who have been observing the mourning and welcoming visitors.”

An adopted orphan?

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

His eyes involuntarily fixed upon the young boy, with a hint of warmth involuntarily arising in his heart.

It turns out that Lord Ren Puyang does have a descendant.

This discovery caused an unprecedented joy in the depths of Ye Qingyu’s heart.

As he reached out a hand and warmly patted the head of the young boy, the expression in his eyes became a tad softer. However, without saying anything to the latter, he nodded toward Uncle Lin and said, “It has been tough on you… Please bring me a set of mourning wear.”

When he heard this, the old man trembled slightly and understood what Ye Qingyu meant. He replied in a surprised tone, “Lord Ye Qingyu, you don’t have to...”

The latter shook his head, “Since so many people have called me Mr. Ren Puyang’s ‘own son’, there’s no harm for me to act as his son for a while… He was very kind to me, and as a human, I want to give him a good sending-off.”

Someone fetched a set of mourning wear in little time.

After putting it on, Ye Qingyu walked into the large temple.

“Elder brother, there are many people inside… and they’re all very fierce.” Ren Xingyan suddenly spoke of his own initiative and clutched a corner of Ye Qingyu’s clothes.

Laughing, Ye Qingyu held the young boy’s hand and said, “Don’t worry, I’m even fiercer than them.”

The boy did not fully understand what this meant.

Just then, a voice was heard from inside the mourning hall, “Dammit, we’ve been waiting for so long but that fellow called Ye Qingyu still hasn’t shown up. What terrible luck it is to be holed up together with a dead person.”

Ye Qingyu’s countenance changed instantly.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1046:


Chapter 1061 – The Hour of Judgment Has Arrived


A fearful expression also emerged on Ren Xingyan's face when he heard the voice.

It was apparent that the “very fierce people” which the young boy was referring to were people similar to the person who just spoke.

To one side, Uncle Lin also revealed a fearful expression.

“Let’s go in.”

Holding Ren Xingyan’s hand, Ye Qingyu walked into the mourning hall.

As he passed through the door and entered the interior, he realized that it was considerably more spacious than he had imagined, but there were no formations used to increase its size. Twelve pillars held up the entire hall, while a silver brilliance which shone from the dome made the entire space appear holy like no other. Wreathed by countless white tulips, Ren Puyang’s coffin was peacefully placed in the innermost of the hall.

White tulips symbolize purity.

These were Ren Puyang’s favorite flowers.

The smell of burning candles filled the air.

The flickering candlelight of the white candles burning around the coffin augmented the solemn and respectful atmosphere.

The two sides of the aisle were stood full of figures.

Aside from Human Race experts, there were also experts from the Demon Race and other large races among these figures.

Among them was a young human dressed in a gorgeous gown. Leaning casually against a pillar, he looked at Ye Qingyu with an undisguised provocative look on his flippant and imperious face. It was apparent that he was the person whom Ye Qingyu had heard talking.

When Ye Qingyu looked over at him, he deliberately shrugged his shoulders to suggest his fear that Ye Qingyu had forgotten about him. Although his provocation became increasingly obvious and he appeared eager to get things going, several Human Race experts behind him began to look nervous and furtively shifted to protect him in their midst, apparently afraid that Ye Qingyu would brazenly strike out. After all, the [Ice Sword Killing God] was infamous for his short temper.

However, Ye Qingyu showed no intent of taking action.

He simply glanced at the young man before turning away and following along the aisle toward Ren Puyang’s coffin.

Virtually at the same time, countless gazes, each filled with different intents, were cast upon him as he walked in.

In particular, some figures revealed bewildered looks when they noticed that Ye Qingyu was wearing mourning clothes. To wear white mourning clothes during such an occasion signified that Ye Qingyu was paying his respects to Ren Puyang as the latter’s bloodline descendant, which was obviously a considerably high form of respect.

“Humph, he’s just putting on a show to seek publicity.”

Someone decried.

It was the same young man.

The derision in his words was self-evident. He was apparently saying that Ye Qingyu had deliberately put on mourning clothes to leave a favorable impression and improve his own reputation, and to make use of Ren Puyang’s remaining worth rather than truly showing respect.

However, Ye Qingyu still did not pay any attention to this kind of provocation.

He held Ren Xingyan’s hand as he slowly walked toward Ren Puyang’s coffin.

As if he had nothing to do with the people around him and did not want to pay them any attention.

“Humph, coward.” The young man sneered in disdain.

Ye Qingyu acted as if he had not heard anything.

Many scenes of him interacting with Ren Puyang appeared before his eyes. As these wonderful memories surged in his mind, he was fully cognizant that paying respects to Ren Puyang was his priority, while everything else could be slowly taken care of in time.

Under countless gazes, a red-eyed Ye Qingyu slowly walked forth.

To one side, a faint smile budged on Ou Wuji’s face as he walked over to Ye Qingyu.

This was his first time meeting the latter, and as a fellow human, he instinctively wanted to offer a greeting. In his view, although he was mutually antagonistic with the latter, they had not publicly tore at each other’s faces, and he felt it necessary to put up a decent enough front in front of so many experts from various factions.

“You’ve finally arrived, Deputy Ye Qingyu. I...” Ou Wuji opened his mouth and wanted to say something.

However, Ye Qingyu did not take as much as a look at him, completely ignoring his smiling face and words while walking past him with a face of indifference.

Ou Wuji was stunned.

A dark cloud immediately flashed across his eyes.

Did he just get ignored?

Who would’ve thought that he’d be so blatantly ignored by Ye Qingyu in front of so many people?

Ou Wuji felt as if he had just been given two painful slaps on the face.

“Audacious, how dare you be so disrespectful, you...” Seeing this scene, one of Ou Wuji’s trusted divine guards could not help berating.

Ye Qingyu suddenly turned his head back and stared at this divine guard.

His gaze was as sharp as a sword.

As if the death god’s sickle was hooked around his neck, the divine guard closed his mouth at once and the hair all over his body began to stand on end. A hard-to-describe fear inundated him completely, rendering him unable to utter another word or even lift up his head.

Ye Qingyu turned to face the front again.

He finally arrived before the coffin.

“Mr. Ren...”

He knelt before the coffin and kowtowed.

Teardrops fell on to the white tulips.

“I’m late.”

Ye Qingyu could not be any more chastising of himself.

After kowtowing three times, he stood back up and placed a white tulip he had prepared before the coffin. He then wiped away his tears before drawing even closer to the coffin. He placed a hand on the lid and slowly lifted it up. “Sorry to disturb you, Mr. Ren...”

He was going to open the coffin and examine the corpse.

At this time, someone finally could not bear it any longer.

“Hold it, what are you doing?” The trusted divine guard of Ou Wuji who had spoken earlier barked once more, “You’re actually thinking about opening the coffin when Mr. Ren Puyang is already resting in peace? That’s too audacious of you. What exactly are you trying to do by coming here today wearing mourning clothes and wanting to open the coffin? That’s enough...”

Ye Qingyu did not pay any attention to him.

He slowly opened the coffin and found a white-jade inner coffin which he then opened as well.

Ren Puyang’s corpse was silently lying within.

As if he was sleeping, he had a serene expression and was wearing white robes.

“Wuuu, Father...” When Ren Xingyan saw this scene, past memories were brought back and he began to cry.

Ye Qingyu also felt a pang in his heart.

“Stop crying, so noisy… all you do the whole day is cry,” the divine guard shouted.

Ren Xingyan immediately felt so frightened that he closed his mouth and trembled before subconsciously hiding behind Uncle Lin. The fear on his face showed that this was not the first time he had been treated like this and a psychological scar had already formed.

Swoosh!

A splendor gleamed.

Everyone felt that their vision had blurred.

Ye Qingyu pinched hold of the divine guard’s neck and pulled him out from the crowd and up to before the coffin. Frost seemed to gather in his eyes as he lifted the divine guard up and asked, enunciating each word, “What did you say just now? Why isn’t he allowed to cry?”

“I, you...” The divine guard struggled in deep shock. “You have gone mad. How dare you use force in this place, do you know what you’re doing...” He had simply wanted to put on an act in front of Ou Wuji and did not expect that Ye Qingyu would actually dare to go on the offensive in front of so many experts of various races in the mourning hall. He shouted, “Let me go now… This is unacceptable behavior, let me go!”

Plop!

Ye Qingyu eased his hand and dropped the divine guard on the floor.

Believing that Ye Qingyu had been frightened, a hint of smugness appeared on the divine guard’s face. Rubbing his neck, he said, “You’re insane. You certainly are an uncouth country bumpkin...”

Before he could finish talking.

Crack-crack.

It was the noise of bones snapping.

His knee was instantly broken by a terrifying power and he thus knelt painfully in front of the coffin.

“Kneel down.” Ye Qingyu said in a grim voice, “A hero of my race has been killed, so why can’t his descendant cry here in the mourning hall? Among the Human Race, it’s because there are too many people who, like you, don’t feel grievous when facing a perished hero that we’re now in such a mess. Kneel down properly and cry!”

“Ughh, you… ugh, my leg...” Struggling, the divine guard squealed like a pig to slaughter while being tortured by a hard-to-describe sharp pain, with mucus and teardrops flowing from his face.

However, no matter how he circulated his blood qi, he was unable to fix his broken leg bone and knee. He stared disbelievingly at Ye Qingyu, who was the person that kicked his legs and broke them.

Blood flowed.

A smell of blood pervaded the mourning hall.

A commotion broke out among the crowd.

Ren Xingyan was also so frightened that he cried out in alarm and hid behind Uncle Lin, afraid to look at the bloody scene.

Uncle Lin hurriedly turned around and protected the young boy, covering the boy’s eyes.

The latter did not have any martial skills and was rather weak in temperament.

“Don’t cover his eyes, let him watch.” Ye Qingyu suddenly said.

Uncle Lin was shocked.

“As Ren Puyang’s adopted son and the descendant of our race’s great hero, he cannot be allowed to be a coward and instead must be made to stand up and face everything. If he’s used to hiding behind Mr. Ren Puyang, when is he going to hide until, now that Mr. Ren Puyang is no longer around? Do you get it? Save for Mr. Ren Puyang, nobody in this world can protect him for a lifetime, and Mr. Ren Puyang is now already gone.”

Ye Qingyu enunciated every word.

The divine guard was still struggling in pain.

Feeling irritated, Ye Qingyu gave him two slaps, squashing his mouth immediately. “Shut up… I’ll kill you if you make another sound.”

The cries of pain ceased at once.

At this time, the mourning hall was already in a hubbub of gasps and cries.

Everyone was astonished by Ye Qingyu’s arrogance.

Finally, Ou Wuji could no longer keep up his pretense.

“Ye Qingyu, what are you trying to prove? This is Mr. Ren Puyang’s mourning hall, yet you actually dare to use violence here. You...” With a gloomy face, he denounced most angrily. “Do you really think that nobody is able to keep you in check, you...”

However, Ye Qingyu still did not look at him,

Without even turning around, Ye Qingyu continued to look at Ren Xingyan, who was still hiding behind Uncle Lin. “Young fellow, when do you want to hide until? Don’t you want to avenge your adoptive father?”

“I… but… yes!” A child’s voice was heard.

After hesitating for four or five breaths, the usually timid little boy suddenly gathered up his courage under Ye Qingyu’s gaze and unexpectedly crawled out from behind Uncle Lin. Though he tried his best to hide the fear on his face, he still looked timid. But at least, he now dared to face everything.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, feeling relieved.

“Good. You have to change yourself from today onward… From this moment on, you must open your eyes wide and see everything clearly. You have to be even fiercer than those who are fierce to you so that you won’t get bullied.”

With that, Ye Qingyu slowly turned around.

He swept a glance across everyone in the mourning hall.

He had become the target of condemnation of the various discussions and denouncements that had been going on boilingly.

Boom!

An irresistibly powerful vigor abruptly emanated from his body.

It was as if a deity had descended upon this world.

Everyone was astonished by the terrifying power and instantly became silent.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] appeared spinningly, protecting Uncle Lin, Ren Xingyan, and Lu Wei, who had been silent since entering the hall, within.

“Now… let’s begin to settle things.”

Ye Qingyu’s voice seemed to contain an unmistakable dignity.

“Listen up, all of you. This is my first and final warning for the day. This matter is between the Human Race and the Demon Race. For those who have nothing to do with this and don’t want to get involved, please disappear from the mourning hall within ten breaths’ time.” Ye Qingyu enunciated every word threateningly. “This is the mourning hall of the Human Race and not a place to watch shows. You all are no longer welcome. Anyone who doesn’t leave in ten breaths’ time shall become my enemy… When the time comes, the blood of those who remain shall smear the mourning hall, and their bodies shall lie before the coffin as sacrifices to Mr. Ren Puyang. So, don’t blame me for being merciless and not warning you beforehand.”

A nearly substantial killing intent lingered around Ye Qingyu’s body.

He lifted a hand and pointed a finger at the young man who had been provocative. “The few of you over there are not to be allowed to leave.”

As soon as he spoke, the mourning hall, which had already quieted down, instantly became rackety like never before and entered a nearly explosive state. Some laughed maniacally, some shook their heads faintly, some sighed regrettably, some began to look sinister, while others were already reaching for their weapons...

The one thing for certain was that every single expert had been infuriated by Ye Qingyu’s words.

Who would’ve thought that this third deputy of the Human Race would enter the mourning hall with such an arrogant and domineering attitude?

No wonder he didn’t look at anyone and simply walked up to pay his respects.

He never bothered himself about anyone here.

What arrogance!

“He’s insane.”

“Haha, this is the funniest joke I’ve heard today.”

Someone guffawed and looked into Ye Qingyu’s eyes as if looking at a clown.

The young man in gorgeous robes raised his head and laughed maniacally.

“Interesting, very interesting indeed. I’ve finally met someone crazier than myself, but unfortunately, it’s a stupid lunatic… Ye Qingyu, you’re doomed and shall die a terrible death. Hahaha, do you know that not a single soul in this mourning hall, or even this entire divine temple, is standing on your side? Everyone hopes that you die here. Of course, that timid little bastard called Ren Xingyan also deserves to die. What’s the point for him to live on now that Ren Puyang’s already dead? Hahaha, everything and everyone related to Ren Puyang shall be buried here.”

His expression was savage and sinister.

The situation gradually seemed to spiral out of control.

However, Ye Qingyu quietly stood on the spot and silently counted the time.

Ten breaths of time passed quickly.

The hour of judgment had arrived.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1047:


Chapter 1062 – Come Together


Snowflakes fluttered.

The temperature in the mourning hall fell abruptly.

Since some time ago, snowflakes had already covered the main door and surrounding windows of the mourning hall. Like white butterflies, they gave off a mysterious power which completely sealed every exit of the hall. Moreover, they also covered the walls, dome, and pillars, enchanting the entire hall.

“As the saying goes, one doesn’t give up until one has lost all hope, and doesn’t tear until one sees the coffin.”

Ye Qingyu suddenly jolted in mind.

A divine splendor flowed.

Every snowflake began to give off a dazzling brilliance and hairline ice and snow patterns in every direction, covering everything inside the mourning hall in a twinkling. The hall was thereby turned into a magnificent ice palace.

Few of the experts in the mourning hall had left.

This was because they did not take Ye Qingyu’s warning to heart.

What is this place?

It’s the divine temple of the Alliance of Domains.

Everyone present was a big shot who possessed great power and had become accustomed to dangers and difficulties. They certainly would not be scared off by a couple of words from a young human talent. Besides, so what even if Ye Qingyu possessed heaven defying might and could kill Green Rock of the Demon Race headquarters? There were more than six hundred higher-ups of various races present in the spiritual hall. Ye Qingyu might be able to kill one of them, but was he able to kill all? And even if he could, did he dare to?

They were certainly confident in themselves.

Ye Qingyu actually wants to seal the mourning hall using an ice-and-snow formation?

Hahaha, this is too funny.

Perhaps, as the [Ice Sword Killing God], you may be really strong in terms of lethal sword techniques. But who would’ve thought that you’d actually try to seal the entire mourning hall using your yuan qi cultivation… How arrogant is that? Even a contemporary formation master wouldn’t dare claim to be able to seal in so many people without making enough preparation.

“Hahahaha, this is really... too funny.” A Demon Race expert with an iron tower of a body laughed out loud. “What desperate tricks are you trying to play? You really think you can seal us in with ice and snow? Haha, who’s afraid of this kind of formation? I’d thought that you’d have some kind of world shocking skill, but it turns out to be just like that. Haha, Ye Qingyu, the Demon Race shall settle the score for the battle of Wuqing street today. Just wait until I break this horseshit formation of yours...”

With that, powerful demonic qi diffused from his body.

As he casually raised a hand, a huge bearish phantom palm with the thickness of a mountain appeared and forcefully struck toward the ice-and-snow-sealed main door, intending to pulverize the seal with one blow and thereby show Ye Qingyu a glimpse of the Demon Race’s might.

Boom!

Shaking noises were heard.

A silver splendor gleamed on the door of the mourning hall.

Countless pairs of eyes looked toward the door.

Everyone had a comical expression on their faces as they watched this scene, as if they had already seen the ice and snow on the door being crushed. They felt that Ye Qingyu must really be out of his mind to seek his own humiliation in this place and use such a childish method to trap everyone in, and in doing so showed that he was truly a country bumpkin with little vision, experience, and intelligence.

However, their gazes and expressions quickly stiffened in shock.

The huge bearish phantom palm dissipated.

Despite the powerful vigor of the Great Saint-level expert’s strike, the ice and snow on the door remained, and not even a mark was left on them.

The seal… is still there?!

What?

How’s that possible?

Everyone present knew who this expert was – he was Mo Pi, the Fourth Deputy of the Demon Race headquarters. In former years, his reputation and prestige were above those of Green Rock. He had gained Dao as a black bear of chaotic pedigree, and his body flowed with terrifying bloodline power. He was also a pinnacle Great Saint-level being, otherwise he could not possibly have placed higher than Green Rockin the ranking of deputies of the Demon Race headquarters.

How could a crushing blow from such a being be ineffective?

Some people immediately sensed that things were no good.

Mo Pi himself was also feeling incredulous.

“Let’s try again.” Frowning, he unleashed a second attack.

Ye Qingyu’s eyes abruptly gave off a divine splendor. “You don’t have any more chances.”

As soon as he spoke.

With a flash of his figure, a specter formed in the Void and instantly descended.

The experts from various races in front of Mo Pi felt as if a tornado had closed in. Despite working up all their strength, they found it difficult to remain standing still and thus hurriedly retreated. A few weaker ones were swept up by the force and helplessly flung through the air...

“You… this will be a good fight!”

Mo Pi roared, his battle will erupting.

He charged ahead, feeling the onrushing of a supremely chilly sword radiance. Before it had reached his body, he already felt pain between his eyebrows, as if a needle had pricked into him and his brain was about to explode, causing him to inwardly remark that the [Ice Sword Killing God] was indeed extraordinary. However, he had long prepared for this. A pentagonal black light shield instantly appeared in front of him, while two black machetes appeared in his hands.

Swish!

Clank!

Two soft noises rang out in the Void.

Only those experts with sufficient strength were able to perceive these noises, the first of which was an air-breaking noise while the second was that of weapons colliding. Conversely, those experts who had not at least attained the Great Saint realm had no idea what had just happened. They simply felt their vision being blurred by a dazzling radiance, and by the time they could see things clearly again, Ye Qingyu’s figure had returned before the coffin.

The battle had already ended.

Mo Pi remained standing in perfect condition on the spot.

With a black shield in front of him and machetes in his hands.

There was not the slightest wound anywhere on his body.

“Haha, you...” With a grim smile on his face, he said, “So much for the [Ice Sword Killing God]...”

Seeing this, the other experts subconsciously heaved a sigh of relief.

It appeared that Ye Qingyu was not as frightening as claimed by the rumors. At least, the fact that Mo Pi was able to block a strike from him showed that he was not overwhelmingly strong. Given that there were many experts present who were no weaker than Mo Pi, this meant that the situation today was still within their grasp and Ye Qingyu could not do as he pleased.

As if he was watching a play, the gorgeously-dressed young man sneered endlessly with his hands folded. “Haha, looks like he has been exposed!”

However, Ye Qingyu paid no attention to this young man and looked at Mo Pi with pity in his eyes, saying, “You’re already a dead man.”

“Haha, what are you saying? I...” Mo Pi guffawed as if he had heard the world’s funniest joke.

However, his laughter quickly ceased.

Appearing on his face was an expression which suggested that he had seen a ghost.

Bam!

The pentagonal black shield shattered.

Clank!

The machetes broke slickly at their centers, with their front halves falling onto the ground.

“I don’t believe this, I...” Mo Pi felt incredulous, but as soon as he opened his mouth, blood suddenly gushed out from his mouth uncontrollably. At the same time, countless sword marks appeared in crisscrosses on his body, causing his iron tower of a body to resemble a cut-up watermelon.

Subsequently, his body collapsed with a loud crash, with his face looking upward.

Even until death, he did not believe that he had died.

The black shield was made from his own skin while the machetes were made from the nails of his original form’s giant paws. These were his life weapons, comparable to pinnacle Great Saint weapons, and were the sources of his confidence. But now, the shield had shattered and the machetes had broken, without him even noticing how. Neither was he aware of how many sword blows he had taken during that momentary fight. It seemed improbable that a pinnacle Great Saint expert like him, who was microscopically perceptive to the external world and extremely sensitive to any changes to his own body, would be unable to feel his injuries during that exchange of blows.

With bafflement and unwillingness, his body gradually became ice cold.

His Demon Race blood gurgled as it colored the ground red.

The smell of blood pervaded the mourning hall.

At this moment, everyone was dumbstruck.

The mouths of some grew so long that a duck egg could be stuffed inside each mouth and the corners nearly cracked.

They could accept that Mo Pi had been defeated.

They could also reluctantly accept that Mo Pi had died. After all, Green Rock’s defeat had served as precedent.

However, the manner of Mo Pi’s death and his complete ignorance of it… were simply farcical.

How fast was the sword, how terrifying the sword will, and how piercingly cold the killing intent that Ye Qingyu was able to kill a pinnacle Great Saint like Mo Pi and destroy his Dao before anyone knew what was going on? A chill arose in every expert’s heart as they asked themselves whether they could have done this too. The more they thought, the more unsightly the looks on their faces – for they realized they absolutely could not have done the same.

Even the gorgeously dressed young man looked dumbfounded.

At this time, Ye Qingyu raised the ice sword in his hand and pointed it at the young man. “You wanted to increase your reputation by stepping on my superior? Come, I shall give you a chance. Do you want a solo or group fight? I’d simply wanted to find out Mr. Ren Puyang’s true cause of death and avenge him, which are perfectly reasonable things to do, but some people just had to make things difficult. As for a reckless idiot like you who provoked me time and again, I shall have to deal with your kind before I get down to the real work.”

“You…” The young man was so angered that his face turned green. “Nobody has ever dared to talk like that to me. Who do you think you are? Oh, you think you can scare me just by killing Mo Pi? You must be dreaming, I...”

“Cut the crap, words can’t kill. Let’s get down to it.” Ye Qingyu gazed right at the young man.

Just then, the experts of the Demon Race headquarters finally began to react.

“Deputy Mo Pi...”

“How dare you!”

They were enraged.

Their sentiments were roused.

After a momentary shock, anger took hold of their minds once more.

“Kill!”

“Kill him and avenge the fourth deputy.”

“Anyone who insults the Demon Race shall die.”

“We cannot let him off.”

With reddened faces, the Demon Race experts swarmed toward Ye Qingyu’s position.

“Alright, come together, all of you.” Ye Qingyu stood before the coffin, guffawing completely without fear. His right hand was clutching a sword while his left hand reached into the Void and grabbed hold of another icy longsword. With his body as straight as a long spear, he said laughingly, “With Mr. Ren Puyang gone, you all have been allowed to be arrogant for too long. Do you really think that the Demon Race can devour the Human Race? I shall make you pay a price for your arrogance today… Hahaha, it’s good if you all come together, I’m rushing for time anyway.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1048:


Chapter 1063 - I Have an Emperor Weapon


The battle started instantly.

Ye Qingyu had already made his move even before the experts of the Demon Race could react.

His sword light was like snow.

His figure flashed and immediately reappeared amongst the crowd.

"Those who dare to stop me shall perish."

He said as he continued to charge forward, "Those who have nothing to do with this, please retreat."

The entire area was thrown into chaos.

When the experts of the other races witnessed this scene, they quickly retreated.

They were also enraged by his overbearing attitude but this didn't mean that they would choose to stand with the Demon Race to attack him —— at least, they wouldn't attack him when he was at his strongest. They would wait till the Demon Race drained him of his yuan qi, vigor and spirit to a certain extent before they would step in and attack him in his weakened state.

The crowd immediately parted unanimously.

The many experts of the Demon Race's headquarters appeared in front of him.

Ye Qingyu's sword radiance pointed toward the Demon Race expert who was at the front of the group.

"Kill!"

That Demon Race expert shouted loudly as his demonic power burst forth. Five or six rays of splendor swirled around his body and he simultaneously activated six or seven Saint weapons. He held a relatively high position at the Demon Race headquarters and had come prepared today. The Saint weapons exuded an incredibly powerful force and he attacked with resolve and determination. He detonated two of those weapons, then quickly retreated. He didn't dare to face Ye Qingyu's attack head-on.

The force of the Saint weapons' explosion was extremely terrifying.

Nonetheless, it failed to stop Ye Qingyu.

Swish!

There was a flash of sword light.

The Demon Race expert's head flew up into the air and the frightening sword will instantly destroyed all signs of life within his body.

As his head rose up in the air, the final scene that his eyes reflected was of Ye Qingyu emerging from the destructive and fiery explosion. He had passed through this explosion like a gust of wind and this explosive force that was enough to immediately kill four to five Great Saints didn't even touch a strand of his hair.

How could this be...

He thought resentfully before he completely lost consciousness.

After he got his first kill, he continued to charge forward mercilessly. His sword light swept across the crowd like a milky way from the Nine Heavens and instantly, the sky was filled with icy radiances that enveloped the remaining hundred or so Demon Race experts within.

Puff! Puff! Puff!

Blood light splattered everywhere.

Instantly, another three Demon Race experts were sent flying while blood gushed out of their mouths. Their bodies had been sliced into two by the terrifying sword will and it also destroyed their life force at once, so they were as good as dead.

"Retreat!"

"Damn! The formation, form the formation!"

"We have to go all out to kill him."

The Demon Race experts bellowed madly and they were suddenly thrown into disarray. All of them were influential characters who would attract attention the moment they stepped into Heaven Connect City and despite the numbers that were gathered, they were all unable to withstand Ye Qingyu's frenzied attacks.

They used all kinds of divine and precious weapons.

They exerted all kinds of divine skills and mysterious techniques.

Demon qi rolled over in waves.

Demonic qi shot everywhere.

Instantly, abundant demonic power that seemed to take on a solid state filled the entire mourning hall. The entire mourning hall would have collapsed at that moment without the protection of the ice formation.

The rest of the experts from the various races continued to retreat.

At that moment, no one wanted to be swept into this battle.

Even Ou Wuji and Wei Wubing immediately retreated at the first instance.

This was the moment that they had been waiting for. They wanted Ye Qingyu and the Demon Race to have a fierce battle and hoped that both parties would battle so intensely that they would sustain injuries. Then, the rest of them would be able to benefit without having to do anything. As long as Ye Qingyu thoroughly became the enemy of the Demon Race, even if he killed all the Demon Race experts who were present today, he would definitely become an enemy of the entire Demon Race in the future and the Demon Race would not rest until he was dead. Then, he wouldn't be appointed as the spokesperson of the Human Race —— It was impossible for someone who had such deep enmity with the Demon Race to become the leader of the Human Race. Otherwise, this could mean war between the two races.

A barely perceptible smile danced on Wei Wubing's lips as he fanned his red-feathered fan.

Ou Wuji seemed extremely anxious and would occasionally pretend to throw in a word of warning but in reality, he was extremely excited.

That young man clad in an elaborate brocade robe who was under the protection of several experts looked as though he wanted to join the battle. He sounded a little annoyed as he said, "Humph, it looks like I don't need to join in the battle. This useless creature has been trapped by the Demon Race... He's not worthy of me lending a hand."

Boom!

A terrifying force circulated on the battlefield.

Demonic qi of various colors surged and mysterious splendors twinkled that threatened to consume the figures of those who were engaged in battle.

Sword light flashed from time to time, then blood light could be seen splattering everywhere.

Then, the bodies of Demon Race experts would be sent flying. Their bodies crashed onto the ground and there was nothing left but a corpse.

In several dozen breaths, there were already more than thirty corpses of the Demon Race experts on the ground whose bodies had already grown cold. This result caused the expressions of several major races to change all of a sudden. Ye Qingyu was truly incredibly powerful. The fact that he killed more than thirty Demon Race experts in such a short span of time was extremely frightening.

Would the Demon Race be able to handle his attacks?

Before they knew it, their mindset had already changed. They weren't even conscious of it but instead of their earlier impression that Ye Qingyu was being too overbearing, their thoughts had shifted and they started to worry about the fate of the Demon Race headquarters.

"Form the formation... [Sky Demon God-Killing Formation]!"

The Second Deputy of the Demon Race who had been observing the battle bellowed.

He was the leader of the group of Demon Race experts from the headquarters who were present today since the spokesperson of the Demon Race was absent. The Demon Race had assumed that by sending out such large numbers, it would be enough to handle Ye Qingyu. After all, it wasn't just the Demon Race headquarters who wanted to kill him today. Those who were present at the mourning hall were all also his enemies. However, they didn't expect that this would be the outcome of the battle. If Ye Qingyu had been at the losing end or if both sides had been evenly matched at the start of the battle, the other races and forces would have definitely joined the battle. Now... it was likely that none of the other races would attack rashly before the Demon Race forced Ye Qingyu to reveal all his trump cards since Ye Qingyu had shown that he was far too powerful. They had to consider the consequences.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The Demon Race experts' figures flashed.

Dozens of Demon Race experts rushed forward defiantly to engage him in battle.

The other twenty experts retreated and left the battlefield. Then, they all growled angrily in unison, took their places in odd positions and started to chant an ancient curse, exerting some kind of mysterious technique. A mysterious force surged from their bodies and a ball of splendor appeared from the back of their heads and it floated like a life star.

Wisps of Emperor qi swirled and spread across the Void.

"Hmm? Was that an Emperor weapon?"

"Impossible! Has the Demon Race headquarters actually activated an Emperor weapon?"

The expressions of the experts of the various races turned grave the moment they sensed the wisps of Emperor qi.

The Demon Race had once produced several martial Emperors and they had a long history and were also resource rich. According to legend, the Demon Race headquarters possessed an Emperor weapon.

However, this was a strategic and precious weapon that was meant more to instill fear than to be used in battle. They wouldn't dare to use this weapon rashly since first, activating an Emperor weapon would use up too much energy. A Great Saint would be reduced to a shriveled up corpse if he completely activated a single Emperor weapon and it wasn't easy to control either. Second, the Emperor weapon would affect the fate of a race and it was so risky that no one could afford any mistakes. Many times, even the spokesperson of the Demon Race might not even have the power to activate it.

Wisps of Emperor qi spread across the area.

Twenty rays of different colored splendor floated above the heads of these twenty Demon Race experts just like twenty large stars bouncing above their heads containing the power of the stars in the universe. It sealed the surrounding Void, as though it was about to tear apart this part of space and the universe. Then, twenty destructive rays of killing intent hurtled toward Ye Qingyu who stood right in the middle.

"Wait, this isn't an Emperor weapon... It is a fake Emperor weapon but it contains Emperor qi."

"A fake Emperor weapon is also a supreme treasure and would be enough to kill Ye Qingyu."

"The Demon Race has indeed gone all out to kill him."

All the experts of the various races who were present were all well-read and influential characters, so they immediately noticed it wasn't an Emperor weapon but twenty fake Emperor weapons. These weapons must have been crafted by being in close proximity to true Emperor weapons for a prolonged period of time to have been tainted with Emperor qi and this was the reason why they all contained Emperor qi. This was way above anything an ordinary force could possibly produce and a fake Emperor weapon would be enough to instantly kill a Great Saint.

The sight of twenty fake Emperor weapons attacking in unison was a rare sight to behold.

The Demon Race had indeed called on their extremely precious resources. In other words, they had come fully prepared.

The young man clad in elaborate brocade robes shook his head as he watched this scene and said, "Ha ha, he's doomed... There's no need for me to make my move. He's definitely going to die. This is the fate of a moron. What's the use of being so powerful? He is ultimately of low and humble birth and didn't understand how powerful a true super force could be. He futilely attempted to defy heaven and in any case, it'll be good if he died. Then, there's no need for me to attack. I don't want to dirty my hands to kill such a moron."

He spoke arrogantly and looked on with pleasure at Ye Qingyu's impending demise.

The experts who surrounded him were all expressionless and stoically silent.

Happiness flashed past Ou Wuji's face before he was aware of it.

Wei Wubing's lips curled derisively but it wasn't clear what he was thinking.

"Uncle Lin, big brother is..." Ren Xingyan watched in horror and was extremely worried for Ye Qingyu. He might be young but he could differentiate between right and wrong. He knew that Ye Qingyu was a good man, so he couldn't help but worry for him.

Uncle Lin didn't say anything but he was also extremely worried.

He couldn't help himself and glanced at Lu Wei beside him.

This young man had arrived together with Lord Ye Qingyu, so he should have a better understanding of Ye Qingyu's true prowess.

Lu Wei felt Uncle Lin's gaze on him and said calmly, "Don't worry. He's just toying with these morons and he is probably making use of this opportunity to lure more people into revealing their true intentions. Otherwise..."

Then——

"Ha ha, is this what the Demon Race is capable of? Only twenty fake Emperor weapons? I was prepared for the appearance of an Emperor weapon. How disappointing," Ye Qingyu chuckled and said, "Let's end it now."

All of a sudden, rays of dazzling silver sword light exploded.

These rays of sword light appeared in layers and merged to form pieces of white light curtains. At the moment, all that could be seen within the mourning hall was this white light that instantly blinded everyone in the hall. No one could see anything but this white light and they could only rely on their divine sense to sense their surroundings. They sensed that this sword qi wasn't extremely piercing, but it contained an incredibly powerful force that flashed past and seemed to rob everyone of their souls.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

The sounds of something shattering rang out.

They heard this sound twenty times in quick succession.

Then, the Second Deputy of the Demon Race bellowed in rage and shock.

When their vision was restored, they saw that the ground was scattered with corpses and the fragments of the fake Emperor weapons. Twenty fake Emperor weapons and twenty Demon Race experts were reduced to fragments that littered the ground with Ye Qingyu who held his sword in the center of it all. The corpses of the Demon Race experts were scattered all around him like a flower of death that was made of bones and blood had bloomed. It was an extremely horrific sight.

There was less than fifty Demon Race experts who were still able to stand within the mourning hall.

The others had perished at the blades of the ice swords.

Some people already started to feel their legs giving way.

No one had expected to witness such a scene.

If time could be reversed, at least half of those present would've listened to his earlier warning and left immediately. They would've definitely not remained in this mourning hall. How could someone be so powerful in this world? Ye Qingyu had merely been a Saint expert just six months ago. But now? Based on the powerful combat strength he had displayed, could he have already attained Quasi-emperor realm?

Silence immediately filled the mourning hall.

"Do you want to continue?"

Ye Qingyu looked coldly at the Second Deputy of the Demon Race.

The Demon Race had taken the most pleasure out of Ren Puyang's death. The Demon Race headquarters made use of every opportunity to interfere in the affairs of the Human Race and started a large-scale effort to oppress the Human Race. The most classic example was them secretly trying to help Ou Wuji to be promoted to the position of the Human Race spokesperson. They had also used ambushing Lin Yutang and the remaining traitors as an excuse to round up and kill many Human Race White-robed Divine Guards and used this opportunity to weaken the Human Race...

He had gleaned all this information from the paper that the Great Dragon Turtle Demon had given him.

This was also what he noticed from the battle at Blue Cloud Manor.

Therefore, he planned to use this opportunity to embark on a large killing spree. He wanted to dent the Demon Race's arrogance—— There might be good demons amongst the Demon Race, but those who had appeared at Ren Puyang's mourning hall today definitely deserved death. They were the aggressive members of the Demon Race headquarters and bore huge enmity toward the Human Race. It'd be great if he could kill some of them today.

The Second Deputy of the Demon Race gnashed his teeth in anger, but didn't say anything else.

He didn't dare to speak.

He had assumed that their plan was definitely going to succeed but now, everything was in tatters.

As for Ye Qingyu, he didn't look weakened at all and seemed as though he could still carry on.

If they continued to battle, the remaining survivors of the Demon Race headquarters would probably perish at that mourning hall as well.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

"I told you before that the Demon Race must provide an explanation for their interference in the affairs of the Human Race, but you treated my words as a joke. You've always thought that you were high above us and didn't take me seriously... Ha ha, I'm sure you've learned your lesson now, right?" Ye Qingyu's aura was extremely imposing as he pointed at the remaining survivors and continued commandingly, "I'd still stand by my words earlier. You should seriously think about how you're going to come up with a good explanation. I'll give you time, but it's up to you whether you want to continue or if you want to resolve this peacefully. However, let me leave you with a warning, this is your last chance... You should be well aware of your current predicament by this time, right?"

The Second Deputy of the Demon Race frowned but didn't say anything else.

It was indeed clear that the Demon Race was at the losing end.

Ye Qingyu hadn't gone too far either.

He ignored the Demon Race experts who had lost their combat will and his gaze fell on the young man who was clad in an elaborate brocade robe.

"Come on, weren't you itching to attack earlier?" He had heard clearly the words that this young man had said earlier and said contemptuously, "Come on, I'll give you the chance to attack so that you'll die without regrets... I don't give a damn about your background, or who is shielding you. The insulting comments you've made about Mister Ren Puyang earlier has sealed your death today."

He strode toward that young man.

"Sir, please stop," A guard who stood beside the young man stepped up worriedly and his peak Great Saint qi activity swirled around him as he shouted, "You shouldn't attack our Young Lord. He is a Human Race expert too and divine blood runs through his veins. He is of noble status, so you can't afford to offend him. Please retreat immediately."

The remaining guards hastily surrounded the young man.

They had witnessed the earlier battle and saw how effortlessly Ye Qingyu had destroyed the fake Emperor formation of the Demon Race. They were now well aware of how powerful and cruel he could be and knew that he truly lived up to his title of the [Ice Sword Killing God], so they didn't think that the young man would be able to defeat him.

"Get lost. Do you think I'd fear him?" The young man reacted like a provoked lion as he said, "I possess an Emperor weapon that could crush him many times over. Ha ha, how dare garbage like you be so arrogant in front of me? I'm going to make him regret being born... Get lost, all of you. My master instructed you guys to protect me, not to defy my orders... Get lost!"

He was extremely arrogant.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

