Chapter 109:


Chapter 109 – A Shy Mouth

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu was taken back.

That the Azure Phoenix Academy would invite him to join… this, just what was happening?

This was an event that was absolutely outside of his calculations.

“According to my knowledge, Senior Brother Qingyu is already beginning to feel dissatisfied with White Deer Academy due to the previous events. For at least a month, you have not returned to White Deer Academy. If so, why don’t you have a change of environments.” Xu Ge had a faint smile when he spoke. “In truth, I think that the glory of White Deer Academy has already faded and old habits are hard to overcome. They are already not fit for such a genius like Senior Brother Qingyu. Only by becoming a student of Azure Phoenix, can you allow yourself to become a true expert.”

Ye Qingyu did not give a reply.

He was currently pondering the information contained within Xu Ge’s words.

Xu Ge was not impatient, silently sitting there, waiting.

After a while, Ye Qingyu asked, “I have a question, I am currently a student of White Deer Academy. Can I even transfer to the Azure Phoenix Academy?”

Xu Ge became overjoyed, thinking that Ye Qingyu was seriously considering his proposal. With a large smile, “Of course this is possible. Students transferring between the ten great academies has many precedents. One such recent example was the Blue Sky of your academy. Perhaps Senior Brother Ye does not realize, he was once a person belonging to the Divine Phoenix Academy and only later did he transfer to the White Deer Academy. ”

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu could not help but be stunned.

What?

How was this possible?

Blue Sky had transferred from the Divine Phoenix Academy?

Although he had previously known, Blue Sky was not a student born and bred in White Deer Academy and that he possessed a special background. But he absolutely did not imagine that it was special to such an extent. That person, had really came from the Divine Phoenix Academy.

This was slightly unbelievable.

The name of the Divine Phoenix Academy, for any martial artist, was equal to thunder piercing through the ears.

For the simple reason that the Divine Phoenix Academy was number one in the rankings of the ten great academies.

This academy was the academy with the longest history and the greatest depth of resources. It was said that it was founded by the people who created Snow Country. At the start, Divine Phoenix Academy would not accept anyone not of the royal family. But then it gradually loosened the requirements, accepting geniuses that were from common and noble background, making it so that anyone could enter Divine Phoenix Academy.

For any young boy or girl, entering the Divine Phoenix Academy was no different from ascending to Heaven in one step.

Who knows how many young geniuses cried and wept, wanting to enter Divine Phoenix Academy. How many noble families had expended their entire family wealth to allow their children to enter Divine Phoenix Academy?

But that monster Blue Sky really left the Divine Phoenix Academy to come to the White Deer Academy?

His brain, was it kicked by someone?

Ye Qingyu had never thought that Blue Sky possessed such a tale.

There must be many stories behind him.

After considering slightly for a while, Ye Qingyu finally shook his head. “Such a matter, I can’t give you an immediate answer. I need to think over this carefully.”

Xu Ge nodded his head. “Of course. Elder Chen said, the doors of the Azure Phoenix Academy will forever be open for geniuses like Senior Brother Qingyu. We will leave Deer City within three days. In these three days, if you make a decision, you can come find me at any time. You should know where the temporary residence of the Azure Phoenix Academy is located, right?”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

Xu Ge turned around and bid farewell.

Ye Qingyu did not try to make him stay, seeing him off.

As he was seeing Xu Ge off at the entrance of the Ye mansion, there was a noisy din outside the entrance with short burst of curses mixed in.

Ye Qingyu’s eyebrows knitted together.

When he arrived at the entrance, he could see there were tens of people tensely packed at the door.

“He’s come out, he’s come out, Ye Qingyu has finally come.”

“Hmph, so he came.”

“The person surnamed Ye, since you’ve came, then you should explain to us.”

“That’s right, it’s no use hiding. If you are a man, then explain it full and well to us.”

Seeing that Ye Qingyu had come out, the crowd surged violently. They completely pressed close and surrounded him. The people leading the crowd seemed to be around twenty years of age. They were young and vigorous, anger on their faces. They pointed at Ye Qingyu’s face, saliva sputtering everywhere with several fingers nearly touching Ye Qingyu’s face.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

He did not understand just what these people had come for.

He did not recognize these people, having never seen them before. From their appearance, they were also not people of White Deer Academy. Their clothing was very ordinary, and did not seem like it belonged to the nobles in the city. They looked more like local ruffians who idled about. He did not know why they surrounded him here and why they demanded an explanation.

Seeing this scene, Xu Ge was somewhat bewildered.

But he only had a brief smile. “Since Senior Brother Ye has business to attend to, then I’ll first leave. If Senior Brother Ye makes a decision, you need only to let me know. I very much hope that I am able to attend the same academy as a genius like Senior Brother Ye.”

Finishing saying this, he clasped his hands and left.

Ye Qingyu clasped his hands in farewell.

After seeing Xu Ge off, Ye Qingyu stood on the steps, staring down from a high position. He remained silent for a while, lowering his head and looking at the unfathomable people filled with righteous indignation. “Fine, who is going to tell me. Just what do I need to explain, make it clear.”

The leading young man was around twenty-seven or twenty-eight years old, wearing ragged and coarse clothing. Crossing his arms across his chest, he coldly laughed, “Of course what you need to explain is the situation regarding the girl of darkness. I hear that your relationship with her is the best at White Deer Academy. Even if you are not her comrade, you are linked together in countless ways. Say it, just where has that demonic girl escaped to?”

Ye Qingyu was shocked, then a trace of killing intent appeared on his face.

So it was for this.

His gaze passed by the crowd, remembering every single face in the crowd. Then he nodded his head without saying anything, heading back towards the entrance.

“Eh? Stand there!” The young man panicked, a trace of maliciousness appearing within his eyes. He jumped and grabbed Ye Qingyu’s shoulder. “To leave is not so easy. First you must make an explanation for yourself.”

Ye Qingyu did not turn back, his shoulder jolting slightly.

“Ah…” The young man could only feel a pain in his arm, as if it had broken. Then his body flew backwards and knocked into the crowd, causing a loud crashing sound.

Bang!

The entrance of the Ye mansion was firmly locked.

“If you make me see you guys near the entrance again, then don’t blame me for being merciless.”

Ye Qingyu’s voice seeped out from the crack of the doors, bringing with it an icy chill that permeated their bones.

Outside the doors.

The young man and the people behind him stared blankly.

This was not the result that they had expected.

After remaining stunned for a moment, a malicious expression appeared on the face of the young man. “I don’t believe that he dares to make the entire city as his enemy. If wants to kill someone, haha, just who is he threatening?” …… ……

After returning to the [Determination Garden], Ye Qingyu’s mood was not positive in the slightest.

Even an idiot could tell that this group of people were just idle ruffians from the streets. He did not know just whose instructions they had received to make an issue out of this. This kind of method was really too insidious.

The little loli Song Xiaojun, was an untouchable dragon’s scale on Ye Qingyu’s heart.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu’s will to kill was invoked.

But he managed to barely suppress it.

Only after practicing in the nameless breathing technique did Ye Qingyu’s heart gradually settle down.

Training until night fell, Ye Qingyu then came towards the entrance to have a look. He discovered that this group still had not departed. But they were not as noisy as before. It seemed like the threat he had made in the day proved to be somewhat effective. He did not pay attention to this matter anymore. After returning to the mansion to eat dinner, he returned to his room and began to seriously consider the proposal that Xu Ge had made to him during the day.

In truth, Ye Qingyu had really began to consider leaving White Deer Academy.

Wen Wan and Wang Jianru had both left White Deer Academy and such a matter had occurred on the body of Song Xiaojun. Ye Qingyu felt that his sense of belonging towards White Deer Academy had already became indistinct. Especially after obtaining the Bronze book [Fiendgod Titled chart], Ye Qingyu felt that to stay at White Deer Academy to continue to compete with people such as Han Xiaofei and Qin Wushuang was already meaningless.

Going to the Azure Phoenix Academy?

Perhaps that was a choice.

But Ye Qingyu did not know the atmosphere of the Azure Phoenix Academy, and just what it was like.

Perhaps it was only the difference between a mud pit with another mud pit?

Thankfully during this time, he did not need to rush to make a decision.

The entire night, was spent in training.

……

The second day.

Ye Qingyu appeared in the school grounds of White Deer Academy.

He did not know why he suddenly wanted to have a look at the school grounds.

Could it really be that the time for a decision to be made had arrived?

After making a complete loop around the school grounds, Ye Qingyu only just discovered that the most familiar place he was in White Deer Academy was not the demonstration martial grounds, practice grounds nor was it the dormitories. It was the public libraries and the canteen. And the students of the academy were evidently extremely unfamiliar with Ye Qingyu.

In such a large academy ground, Ye Qingyu discovered that he did not have any friends here.

The intention to leave became even stronger.

By noon, Ye Qingyu still went to the canteen like old times.

Because of the stupid dog Big Head, Ye Qingyu could not help but greatly spend money once again. One man and one dog nearly managed to completely consume two thirds of the entire food provided by the canteen for the students. Thankfully there were not many students in a canteen where food was freely provided, otherwise it would cause a scene where people lined up and protested.

Seeing Big Head devour tub after tub of food like a cyclone passing through the clouds, swallowing it into his endless hole of a stomach, Ye Qingyu did not react, From the initial stunned shock, Ye Qingyu had now gotten numb to such a sight.

After finishing, he was about to leave when a figure appeared next to the table.

Ye Qingyu lifted his head to have a look.

A young White Deer student, seemingly around eleven or twelve stood next to the table. He should be a first year student. With clear facial features, and bringing with him a faint shyness as if he was a girl, there was a spirituality about him between his eyebrows.

“You are Senior Brother Ye Qingyu?” the White Deer student said with some reservations.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head. “You are?”

The young boy laughed. “You might not recognize me, but great teacher Hon Kong told me to pass a message on. He said before you leave the academy, you should go see him.”

Great teacher Hon Kong?

Ye Qingyu nodded his head. “Fine, thank you.”

“No need, no need for thanks, I am only passing on a message. It’s what I should do.” The shy youth quickly waved his hands. “Senior Brother Ye, you are my hero, I admire you very much.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 110:


Chapter 110 – A Letter Coming from the Front Lines

After the shy youth finished speaking, his face abruptly became red. He seemed at a loss of what else to do, not knowing what to say next. He turned around, his face covered with excitement and ran away.

The silly dog Big Head, after consuming a large tub of food lifted his head to look at the departing figure of the youth. Then he looked at Ye Qingyu. The atmosphere was slightly peculiar.

Ye Qingyu shook his head with a bitter smile, then slapped Big Head who had a strange gaze. He did not say anything.

He pondered in his heart, just what matter Hon Kong wanted him for. Hon Kong was a teacher who had once given him pointers during the examination process of the academy. Ye Qingyu had a very good impression of him. Although since entering the academy, he did not have too much interaction with this teacher, but overall within White Deer Academy Hon Kong could be counted as one of the teachers he respected.

If he really was going to depart, then he really should notify this teacher that had such high expectations for him.

Afternoon.

Ye Qingyu went to the public library of the fourth year to research completely regarding the little problems about his martial cultivation that he had encountered in the past days.

In reality, until now, Ye Qingyu had already completely read the variety of tomes and books stored in the four public libraries. This was equal to deeply imprinting the contents of these books deep within his mind due to his eidetic memory.

And as for the secret martial libraries in White Deer Academy, these were places that were seriously guarded and possessed tight security. Only teachers of the academy were allowed to enter. Within these martial libraries, there were high class yuan qi techniques contained within. It was nearly impossible for a student to enter. Only if they made a great contribution to the academy or if they ranked top three in the great competitions, would they obtain an opportunity to gain a yuan qi secret technique.

But for Ye Qingyu, this already held no meaning whatsoever.

As he came out from the martial library, the time was already evening.

He stood on the platform of the martial library, surveying the school ground all around.

The White Deer Academy shrouded in twilight still had a beautiful scenery. But Ye Qingyu found that he could no longer become immersed into such beauty like he could the first time he took a step into White Deer Academy.

“It’s time to say farewell to great teacher Hon Kong.”

At this moment, Ye Qingyu abruptly made his decision to depart.

Before the sun had set, Ye Qingyu had arrived at the office of great teacher Hon Kong.

As he knocked and entered, the golden light of the setting sun shone through the coloured glass in the depths of the room. Behind the large red wood table, a tall and thin figure stood in front of the window, his hands clasped behind his back and his back facing the room. As if he was in a deep reflection.

This room had a strange tranquility about it.

“So you’ve come?” The voice of great teacher Hon Kong held a trace of fatigue.

Ye Qingyu was slightly puzzled, then respectfully greeted him. Coming to the front of the large red wood table he said, “You’re looking for me?”

Hon Kong stood where he was without turning back. After remaining silent for a while he said, “I’ve heard that the people of Azure Phoenix Academy came to look for you in your mansion?”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

Hon Kong still did not turn around.

“Little fellow, don’t be mistaken. I did not send someone to monitor you but to monitor the people of Azure Phoenix Academy. Only through this did I realize that the people of Azure Phoenix Academy did not seem to follow the rules when staying here.” Hon Kong faced the window displaying the golden setting sun outside, and sighed yet again. “They should have invited you to go to Azure Phoenix Academy, is that right?”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head again. “That’s correct.”

“I have always had high expectations for you. From the first moment I laid eyes on you, I was able to see the terrifying potential hidden within your body. And this was proven true. From your cultivation speed afterwards, you did not disappoint me. It’s a pity, a pity…” A tone of regret was within the words of Hon Kong. “It’s a pity that the White Deer Academy today is no longer the White Deer Academy of the past. I won’t blame you if you go. A pond cannot raise a dragon, leaving is fine… Ai!”

Ye Qingyu did not know what to say.

The words of Hon Kong held an unprecedented gloominess and exhaustion. It was completely different from the image of the great teacher that was normally dauntless and ferocious.

“Azure Phoenix Academy, within the ten great academies, is placed at the third position, but they have always wanted to overtake the second place. They often consider themselves to be the second place, and is sometimes a bit too egoistical. But for you, perhaps this is not a bad choice.” Hon Kong silently stood there, his silhouette emitting a feeling of indescribable melancholy. “But you must be careful of the person leading the party this time, that Elder Chen. He does not have any upright intentions. The moment he came into Deer City, he caused the entire Deer Mountain Range to be restless and chaotic. He caused chickens to fly and dogs to leap and the wind and rain not to stop ever since coming here. I fear the matter is not as simple as the fact that he has high expectations for you.”

Ye Qingyu smiled slightly.

He understood Hon Kong’s meaning.

After the great competition in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], the news that he might possess a treasure on his body had already spread out all around. There were many people coveting after this ‘treasure’. It was very likely that they would act against him secretly.

“I won’t go to Azure Phoenix Academy,” Ye Qingyu said with determination. “Even if I leave White Deer Academy, I won’t go to Azure Phoenix.”

“Eh? Why?” Hearing these words, Hon Kong finally turned around. On his face that was like a jade stone, there was a trace of surprise. With a smile, “Could it be that what you are really interested in is the Divine Phoenix Academy? The difficult is very great.”

Ye Qingyu shook his head. “It’s not the Divine Phoenix Academy. The reason I don’t want to go to Azure Phoenix Academy is because I do not like what they have done during their stay in White Deer Academy. As the saying goes, a master for one day is a father for the rest of your life. Even if I depart from here, I will forever remember the fact that I walked out from White Deer Academy.”

Hon Kong after hearing this, began to chuckle loudly.

“Good! Well said. Little fellow, I am beginning to appreciate you more and more… Then have you thought about where you want to go?”

Ye Qingyu hearing this, lightly shook his head. “I have not yet made my decision regarding this matter.”

Hon Kong looked at the youth that he himself had allowed to enter the White Deer Academy, his mood unprecedentedly turning for the better. “As the new Dean of White Deer Academy, I am really gratified to hear such words. Little kid, you are the most exceptional student I have ever seen. I suddenly want to say these words: Today, you might be proud because you came from White Deer Academy, but perhaps one day, White Deer Academy will be proud because of you.”

Even with Ye Qingyu’s thick skin and vanity, he felt embarrassed after receiving such praise. He began laughing, “I’m not as great as you make me out to be… oh, that’s right, from what you just said, you are the Dean of White Deer Academy right now?” As he said, Ye Qingyu’s jaw could not help but drop.

“En, you’ve guessed right. A change has occurred within the academy. The decree of the Emperor of the country has already been passed down. Three days later, I will become the fourth Dean of this academy.” Hon Kong nodded his head.

Ye Qingyu’s heart was extremely shaken.

Then Hon Kong continued, “Fine, let’s not speak of such messy things. Let’s speak instead about things regarding you. In truth, there’s a letter for you that I received half a month ago. I have always hesitated whether I should hand it over to you, but from the current situation, this does not seem like a bad choice.”

As he said this, a golden ray flashed by.

Ye Qingyu’s hand stretched through the air, grabbing that streak of golden light.

It was a pale yellow letter written in the military style.

On the letter, in the recipient’s position, there was Ye Qingyu’s name written on it.

“A letter coming from the army? That’s strange. When did I have friends within the army?” Ye Qingyu was slightly confused, but he thought of a name in the next instant. He abruptly became overjoyed; his heart could not help but be emotionally moved.

Wen Wan!

It must be Wen Wan!

Wen Wan was stationed at the Youyan Pass, he must be a military officer by now.

This letter must be written by that conceited and vane person, that crude fellow.

Ye Qingyu could not wait to tear open the letter. Under the light of the setting sun, he began to read it.

After ten breaths, Ye Qingyu had finished reading the letter. His expression became strange.

“Old Wen is really trying to sway me to enlist in the army in the letter?”

Although this fellow talked about many things without getting to the point in the letter, but there was only one central meaning. It was to invite Ye Qingyu to give up learning from White Deer Academy and to head towards the Youyan Pass, to defend the borders along with him. The letter had many enticements and temptations, firmly believing that if Ye Qingyu headed towards the border he would receive far more opportunities to temper and grow.

“What about it, have you finished reading?” Hon Kong had a smile on his face. “Little fellow, what is your thinking?”

Ye Qingyu thought for a while, then nodded his head. “I want to go.”

“You really want to go?”

“I really want to go.”

“You have to consider carefully. Once you enter the Youyan Pass, without any incidents, you cannot leave without serving for at least eight or ten years,” Hon Kong said with a serious expression.

Contrary to expectations, Ye Qingyu was unprecedentedly calm and tranquil. “I’ve already decided.”

Wen Wan’s letter had allowed Ye Qingyu to suddenly feel that the path before him had brightened up.

He believed that this was absolutely a good choice.

Seeing Ye Qingyu’s gaze becoming more and more determined, Hon Kong knew that the youth had in such a brief moment, already made his decision.

Hon Kong began chuckling loudly. “Half a month ago, when I received this letter that came from the borders, I had already guessed what Wen Wan wanted to do. At that time, I felt that the Youyan Pass was not a very good choice for you. So I have always kept this letter stored away without handing it to you. But things change with the passage of time. From the situation right now, perhaps Wen Wan’s way of doing things is correct. Your martial heart, is the path of the Asura. In your life, you will experience much killing and slaughter. Perhaps going to the army is a good choice.”

Ye Qingyu was able to sense a dense care for him contained in the words of Hon Kong. With appreciation in his heart, he bowed in thanks.

Hon Kong smiled. “No need to thank me. Since you have decided to go within the military, then this matter is settled. In recent times, with the war occurring the way it is, the Youyan Pass is hard pressed. The country wants to enlist more and more men to serve in the army. The first batch of enlistees should leave in approximately ten days. I will help you manage all procedures. You should return and prepare well, and also settle the matters within your house. Ten days later, you will be setting off.”

After Ye Qingyu said another round of thanks, he left the room.

He stood at the steps of the entrance, surveying in the distance. The setting sun of the horizon had finally sunk into the endless darkness, with the last of the faint dark red still able to be seen. The age of intersection between darkness and light was about to descend.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 111:


Chapter 111 – Before Leaving (1)

In the next few days after this, Ye Qingyu really rushed to settle everything within the Ye mansion.

Three days later, the decree of the Emperor that Hon Kong would become the fourth Dean of White Deer Academy was formally announced to the entire city. This caused a commotion that was neither large nor small. This represented that the previous great teacher of the first years would completely become one of the three major players of Deer City.

For those well informed influential and noble families, they had nearly digested the news of this appointment, the initial shock close to gone. Everywhere around the city, there were many people who were unable to understand this appointment. Why was it that a great teacher of the first years became the Dean, and not the great elders who already possessed a high position and status?

The city became more and more restless.

Hidden currents moved.

Such news, from Ye Qingyu’s perspective, was unquestionably a great and fortunate incident.

Entrusting the safety of the Ye mansion, as well as the various properties of the Ye family to Hon Kong who was now one of the three big shots of the city, represented that there was basically not a need to worry anymore. Originally, Ye Qingyu was thinking of a method to settle Registrar Liu Yuancheng and Sun Yuhu, these two calamities. But from the current situation, there was not such a need any longer.

Hon Kong did not refuse Ye Qingyu’s request.

“You don’t need to thank me right now. If there’s one day that White Deer Academy encounters trouble, I hope that the you in the future will be able to come to our aid. That will be thanks enough,” Hon Kong said with a smile.

Ye Qingyu naturally promised to do so.

If there really was such a day, then of course he would extend his aid.

Ye Qingyu also thought of an unresolved matter. It was regarding that old fellow who had appeared in the [Grievance Hall] and in the living quarters of the second year area, that tall and thin teacher. With a violent disposition, every time he appeared he gave Ye Qingyu a beating that caused lumps to appear all on his body. But he had helped Ye Qingyu to combine his body and his inner yuan without any imperfections. He was a strange person that Ye Qingyu had not seen during this period of time. Before leaving, he wanted to at least see him and say his thanks for what he had done for him.

Ye Qingyu had originally thought that regarding this old fellow, Hon Kong would at least have some idea as to who he was.

But who would have thought that after considering for a while, Hon Kong shook his head. “Perhaps you have remembered wrongly. I can very responsibly say to you that there is not such a person in White Deer Academy.”

“What?” Ye Qingyu was greatly surprised. “How is this possible?”

Hon Kong said, “These days, because of the fact that I am taking over various matters of the academy, I have completely tidied up the roll of register for every teacher in the academy. My memory cannot be wrong. On the list, there is absolutely not such a person.”

Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded.

Just what was this?

That tall and thin old teacher was evidently wearing the robes of the academy’s teachers when Ye Qingyu met him. And in a place like the [Grievance Hall] where security was extremely tight, he could come and go as he wanted. Was he really not a person belonging to White Deer Academy?

This was something that was far too peculiar.

“I will investigate this matter in detail.” Hon Kong was able to sense the seriousness of this matter. To think that there would be such a strange person in the academy and that even he was not aware of this existence.

Afterwards, the two discussed about some other matters, then Ye Qingyu said farewell.

On the way back to Ye mansion, Ye Qingyu thought about the dates and realized that tomorrow was the day that the expedition of Azure Phoenix Academy would leave Deer City. Remembering what he had promised Xu Ge, that no matter what his final decision was he would notify him of his choice. This was the most basic courtesy.

The temporary residence of Azure Phoenix Academy was right next to White Deer Academy.

As Ye Qingyu came to outside the entrance, he coincidentally bumped into the Xu Ge walking out of the residence.

“Eh? Senior Brother Ye, you’ve come. This is too great, I was just about to go and find you.” Seeing Ye Qingyu, a delighted expression instantly appeared on Xu Ge’s face, quickly rushing forwards to say his greetings.

“Junior Brother Xu, I have come here looking for you.” Ye Qingyu saw this was the opportune moment, and that he no longer needed to go in search for Xu Ge. He notified Xu Ge of his final decision.

An evidently disappointed expression crept on Xu Ge’s face. “This is really such a pity. I was originally hoping that I would be able to drink and discuss martial arts with Senior Brother Ye.” One was able to see that after the battle of the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], heartfelt admiration had really been born within Xu Ge for Ye Qingyu. “But since Senior Brother Ye has made his decision, then we shall not force you. We will definitely meet again later if we are fated.”

Ye Qingyu expressed his thanks with a smile.

Xu Ge asked again, “Then does Senior Brother Ye plan to stay at White Deer Academy?”

“No, I’ve decided to answer the enlistment of the country, to head towards Youyan Pass.” Ye Qingyu did not hide anything from Xu Ge. For such a matter, the country would very quickly transmit this news through official military papers and channels. If there were people that used their heads to inquire about this information, they would very quickly find out. Concealing this information was pointless.

“Entering the army?” Xu Ge was shocked. Evidently he had not expected that Ye Qingyu would make such a decision.

Compared to the peaceful environment of the academy, the army was much harsher with the military rules and much more strict. And Youyan Pass was a dangerous place where battles went unbroken year after year. The Human Race and the Demon Race would often kill and slaughter each other, all kinds of different forces snapping at each other. There was an extremely high mortality rate. Nearly every moment, every minute, every second there would be an expert falling… Xu Ge possessed a high opinion about himself. But even he absolutely would not have the courage to enter such a location.

“En, perhaps the environment within the military will be more suitable for me.” Ye Qingyu smiled, expressing his thanks yet again and turned to leave.

Xu Ge stood at the entrance, seeing Ye Qingyu off until he disappeared in the crowd far away. There was a hard to describe feeling within his heart.

He shook his head and prepared to return. Just as he turned around, he nearly knocked into a figure standing behind him.

“Elder Chen?” Seeing this figure, Xu Ge rushed to say his greetings.

The person called Elder Chen seemed to be around sixty years of age and had grizzled hair. A gold silk hair band held his hair together. His long eyebrows were like blades, with long oblique eyes and possessing a tall and sturdy body. His entire person radiated with a hard to describe baleful and biting cold atmosphere. Like a naked blade, there was an extreme imposing feeling emitting from him. He was namely the highest person in charge of the visiting expedition of the Azure Phoenix Academy this time.

He was looking at the place Ye Qingyu disappeared, as if he was thinking of something.

After a short while.

“He declined?” Elder Chen asked.

Xu Ge nodded his head.

Of course he understood, who the ‘he’ in Elder Chen’s words was.

Elder Chen gave a faint smile. “It’s a pity. A pity that a genius will be lost.” …… ……

The next few days after, Ye Qingyu stayed within the Ye residence to focus and train.

In these several days, Ye Qingyu had once again managed to successfully consolidate a [Yuan Qi Kindling]. He was able to plant within his body the fourth [Yuan Qi Kindling]. It only needed the accumulation of a period of time, absorbing yuan qi of Heaven and Earth during this duration. Once the yuan qi in his body had concentrated to a certain level, then he could begin to excavate another Spirit spring. The days where he would enter the realm of four Spirit springs were not far off.

It was only that in these days, the crowd surrounding the Ye mansion began to increase.

It was unknown where the young man in charge had managed to find so many men. They nearly completely covered the outside of the Ye residence, causing the surroundings of the Ye residence to be jam packed.

The patrols of the [Capture Barracks] had already chased them away several times without too much effect. They would simply disperse and gather, disperse and gather again. By Ye Qingyu’s estimate, there were at least around three or four hundred people. All of them were idle ruffians with many beggars wearing ragged and incomplete clothing mixed in. Once the winter season set in, cold and hunger was enough to make many people take risks. Even for half a bun, they were willing to place their life in danger. Normally, there were very little people who dared to surround a residence in the wealthy district because there was a danger of being captured and executed. But once winter hit, there were simply far too many people who were not afraid of dying.

There were several times that Ye Qingyu’s killing intent nearly struck out again.

But after seeing the faces that, due to hunger and the biting cold, had become completely apathetic, he abandoned such a thought. The beggars only wanted to earn a little bit of food to feed their family, even if he had the Asura killing martial heart, at this time his heart could not harden.

They were only a pitiful group of people forced to do this by the bitterness of life.

Ye Qingyu managed to restrain himself for the moment.

Qin Lan and the servants of the residence were somewhat frightened and scared.

In these past days, there would often be scenes of people throwing dead cats and dogs over the walls of the residence, scaring the little servant girls so much that they began crying.

The guards of the residence were only five or six people. Even if they did not sleep, they had more work than they could handle.

Ye Qingyu’s instructions were for the others not to pay attention to such matters. He told the others to burn the dead rats and the like that were thrown over and just ignore the commotion.

But after several consecutive days of this occurring, everyone was enraged in the mansion. If not for Ye Qingyu’s obstruction, perhaps they would have rushed out in anger.

Another several days passed.

Hon Kong sent someone to inform Ye Qingyu that the matters regarding the Youyan Pass had nearly been settled. But because Ye Qingyu was the inheritor of the brass heroic badge, there were some special procedures that would cause the whole process to be slightly delayed. Perhaps he would not set off with the first batch of recruited soldiers. The departure would be delayed for several days, telling Ye Qingyu to patiently wait.

Ye Qingyu was not in a hurry.

He utilized every minute and second in the residence to train, absorbing yuan qi of Heaven and Earth. He was preparing to excavate the fourth Spirit spring.

Another two days had passed.

Another great snow had fallen in Deer City.

The Ye mansion was still surrounded by the surging crowd. Such chaos had persisted for such a long time that even the patrols of the [Capture Barracks] did not pay attention to this commotion anymore. After all, time after time of them coming had no effect whatsoever. The disordered citizens were like flies; after chasing them off for a while, they would disperse but very quickly flock back yet again.

The time was midnight.

Ye Qingyu had his eyes closed. He stood with his legs apart in the [Determination Garden], displaying his naked torso. The steam emitting from his flesh was like a jade pagoda, an intangible mist lingering around his body.

The clouds within the skies were dark and gloomy.

Without any wind.

The world was completely dark.

As the practice of the nameless breathing technique ended, Ye Qingyu opened his eyes.

Sensing the increasingly vigorous inner yuan within his body, a satisfied expression appeared on Ye Qingyu’s face.

The nameless breathing technique his father had passed down had an incomparable efficacy in regards to the growth of his inner yuan. Compared to the inner yuan cultivation techniques passed on in White Deer Academy, it was many times more profound. Ye Qingyu trained relentlessly every day, and his inner yuan grew extremely rapidly. If things continued on at such a rate, in approximately twenty days’ time, he would be able to excavate his fourth Spirit spring.

He gradually exhaled a breath of murky air.

A clamour and din indistinctly emitted from outside the residence.

A cold light streaked by within Ye Qingyu’s eyes.

“The time is about right. It’s about time I took care of this group of clowns.”

He returned to his room and changed into clothing fit for acting in the night. Wearing the bronze Asura devil mask* that he had prepared before, he walked out of the Ye mansion without the slightest of sounds. Like a wisp of green smoke, he disappeared in the night.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 112:


Chapter 112 – The Shadow of the Bronze Asura

Outside the Ye residence.

Several hundreds of people were gathered on the streets where the accumulated snow had turned into ice. They encircled the streets all around the Ye residence.

Some people even went as far as to erect crude tents to shelter themselves from the snow. A couple even lit fires, huddling and discussing in low voices beside these fires.

The crowd grouped together in twos and threes. Snowflakes drifted and floated through the black night. The air was extremely chilly.

The clothes that these people were wearing were simple and thin, ragged and shabby garments covering their body. Every one of them was as thin as a match, malnourished and sickly in appearance looking like beggars. There was a lack of life in their eyes, as if they were simply walking corpses. They had already surrounded the Ye residence for several days, so had made the decision to just camp here instead of leaving during the night.

Between the crowd, there would occasionally be a young man who was wearing thick cotton clothing. He seemed much more vigorous from his appearance than the other people, his status not as dire as the other people. There was a smell of alcohol wafting from his body. From time to time, he would loudly order people to throw dead rats, bricks and the like over the wall.

Further from this.

A thousand meters in a Western direction.

In a seemingly normal stone house of a commoner, the candles and lamps were lit inside.

Between the seams of the wooden window of the stone house, there was the fragrance of alcohol and meat wafting out.

There were five or six people sitting within the house wearing bright clothes, their thick garments isolating them from the frigid cold. They sat on the ground, surrounding a low table covered with wine and meat. They were currently loudly playing drinking games, every one of them with red faces. Drinking and gambling, the house was bustling with noise and excitement.

“Hahaha, now that I think back, it’s enough to make me laugh to death. Your father I was nearly scared to a halt by that little bastard in the Ye family.” The leading young man, with furrowed brows and blazing eyes, was namely the person sent flying by Ye Qingyu that day. He was called Tao Mocheng and was a famous trouble maker in the Northern district. As he said this, he gulped down a large mouthful of alcohol. “Saying he would kill someone. I peh! Like I would be afraid of him. Haha, who doesn’t know how to tell lies. To dare kill someone in the streets, he wouldn’t do so unless he is a retard.”

“The little thing called Ye Qingyu only did this to scare people off,” another young man said with a cold smile. “We have surrounded his residence for so many days, the little thing doesn’t even dare to let out a fart. I don’t even know how many dead rats we have thrown over, yet he is still suffering in silence.”

Hahahaha!

The group began roaring with laughter.

“This time, we are on the side of morality and righteousness. Just how many eyes of the entire city are looking into this matter? This little brat himself has an unclear background, being involved with that demonic girl of darkness. The crotch of his trousers is covered with shit*, just what can he do to us? Especially for those rich nobility, the thing most important to them is their face. Hehe, as long as we grab at his seven inch spot**, even if Ye Qingyu is a poisonous snake, he does not dare to do anything to us,” someone said with a large guffaw.

The leading young man, Tao Mocheng also chucked loudly, excitement written in his face. “In reality, this really is a great business transaction for us. We are only exploiting those beggars and the poor to risk their lives for us, and we can so easily and openly obtain money from those noble families. Hehe, as long as we give those stinky beggars some buns, they will do their utmost to work for us…”

Another person said, “I wonder just how can the money of young lord Sun and the other nobility’s last?”

The young leader of the group Tao Mocheng replied with a grin, “What are you afraid of, we can definitely earn a large sum. Sun Yuhu and the other nobilities, right now hate the little brat surnamed Ye awfully much. They will not give up till they finish playing with him to his death. From this matter, I think that it is not only Sun Yuhu that is involved in this plan. Otherwise why doesn’t the [Capture Barracks] truly interfere? In these days, they have only pretended to act to put up an appearance, otherwise they would have long started to arrest people… Therefore, we do not need to worry at all and think about other matters. If this situation continues on, what we can obtain is money.”

“Hehe, that little brat dares to offend young lord Sun. I think that he is dead for sure.” A robust and prosperous fat person began to snicker. “There are several women in the residence, that are damn tender and delicate. If we are able to taste such fresh delicacies… hehe, I am willing to become a ghost if so.”

The group of people immediately began laughing heartily

“I think that this matter is possible. Hehe, once Sun Yuhu and the old masters of the noble families play with this little brat to his death, we can do whatever we want with the women in that residence. Haha, after we are done with them, we can sell them to a low grade brothel, and we will also be able to obtain a large sum.” Tao Mocheng began chuckling loudly.

“Boss, speak a little quieter. Young lord Sun and his people are about to arrive, don’t let them hear this,” a young man reminded Tao Mocheng in a low voice.

The group nodded their agreement.

At this time, there was the sound of footsteps coming from outside. Mixed in with this was a strange whimpering. As if someone wanted to scream loudly, but their mouth was covered.

Then three or four people were able to been seen, sneakily carrying two coarsely woven sacks.

The strange whimpering sound namely came from the rough burlap sacks.

“Chen Er, you guys have returned? Did you manage to get them?” Tao Mocheng eyes brightened, rushing to ask.

“Boss, I’ve managed to grab a hold of them. Haha, this time it’s a bountiful harvest, I guarantee you’ll be satisfied. It’s two young girls. After we have washed them up, they’ll be fresh and vivid. Who would have thought that in this group of stinky beggars, there would be such high class goods.” The person called Chen Er was crafty looking man. He untied the strings of the burlap bags.

Two shivering and quivering figures rolled out from the coarse sacks.

It was two kidnapped girls in the prime of their youth. Their hands and feet were tied and their mouth gagged.

Under the muddled yellow light of the fire, the two young girls with ragged clothing panicked and struggled. Their cheeks, because of their alarm, had practically morphed into a different shape. Under the light of the blaze, there was a certain lovely pitifulness about their appearance. They looked to be around fifteen or sixteen years of age. Their physique was already extremely exquisite, and the places where the ragged clothing did not cover glowed with a white jade-like brilliance under the light, the skin being considerably white.

Tao Mocheng and the others had a good look, their eyes going wide.

“Hahaha, who would have thought that within a group of beggars, there would be such goods. Chen Er, you have done well.” Tao Mocheng broke out into loud laughter.

Chen Er had a face filled with pride, and said with a flattering smile, “Not to hide it from you, boss, but I have already observed them for several days. These two girls are people from outside the city, and hid within the crowd so they could not escape easily. They are really pretty. They thought that by covering their faces with ashes, they would be able to fool me. This is far too innocent. During the day, I’ve already scouted out the place, and during the night I found two of my brothers to kidnap them. Haha, boss, what about it. These two little girls are not bad. After you have tasted them, you should let us brothers enjoy them too.”

Tao Mocheng began laughing loudly, walking forward and directly lifting one of the girls. “Good, good, your father I have not touched a woman for three or four days now. These two girls are just perfect to allow everyone to invigorate themselves. Old rules go, after we’ve finished with them, we are going to sell them to a low class brothel. They can fetch a good price too. You bastards, don’t be too crazy and be light. Don’t completely ruin these two young girls.”

Everyone in the room began to hoot with laughter.

The men surrounded them, every one of their eyes glinting with a depraved and lustful light.

“Wuwuwu…”

The two young girls struggled for their lives, despair written in the bright and large eyes glinting under the light of the fire.

“Hehe, your father I will be the first one to savour them…” Tao Mocheng grabbed the young girl in his hands. Accompanied by a ripping sound, he tore apart their clothing. There originally was not much on the body of the young girls in the first place. Snowy white skin was exposed.

The entire room was filled with an extra layer of gorgeous moonlight.

The people in the stone house felt their eyes widening.

Just when had they seen such a woman with jade-like bones and icy skin?

There was practically no difference from the young ladies of the noble families.

Chen Er and the others’ throats shook, swallowing their saliva. They could already not wait to rush forward. After waiting half a moment, they unexpectedly saw the Tao Mocheng that was consumed with desire did not have any further actions. He stood dumbly, transfixed where he was, not even moving in the slightest. As if he was trapped within a formation. His gaze was fixed in the direction of the door, shock and fear written clearly in his eyes.

What had happened?

Everyone turned their gaze towards the door.

Who knew when, but a silhouette wearing the bronze mask of the Asura had appeared at the doors.

The main killing Asura.

The bronze mask of the Asura in the colour of the night illuminated by the burning firelight in the house seemed to be a Death God, here to reap life away at first glance. The black tight fitting clothes in the pitch black night made him seem like a ghost walking through the night. The dancing snowflakes in the air brought with it an icy chill that seeped into their bones, directly attacking them.

No one knew exactly when this black shadow appeared.

He was like a spirit that came from the depths of hell.

The people with little bravery in this crowd, after seeing this Asura ghost shadow immediately began sharply screeching.

And such a scream, after just sounding, halted in a moment.

A ray of sword light floated, piercing through his throat.

The taste of blood began spreading in this narrow and cramped stone house.

“You… are you a man or a ghost?” another person asked trembling, nearly scared out of his wits.

What answered him was still the ray of sword light.

Blood blossomed through the air.

The figure of the man fell.

“Motherfucker, what wild ghost is this that they would act against me and my brothers. There is no need to be afraid everyone. Rush forward all at once, and slaughter him.” Tao Mocheng had finally recovered, his eyes flickering about. Biting his teeth, he kicked the wooden table in front of him.

Peng!

The wooden table flew, the liquid on it splattering everywhere.

The other three people woke from their nightmare, taking out the sharp blades at their waists, cold lights flickered within the stone house. Every one of them had ferocious expressions on their faces, charging forward.

And at this time, the leading Tao Mocheng had already left. Turning around to run, he ducked and charged out from the windows. He absolutely did not dare to fight with this monster directly. He wanted his comrades to attract the attention of the bronze Asura ghost shadow so that he could escape. From his perspective, even if everyone fought together, they would not be the opponent of that person.

Xiu!

Another ray of sword light brightened in the house.

The wooden table was sliced apart without any sounds.

The figures of the five or six people that had rushed over had also frozen.

The bronze Asura shadow waved his hand.

Tao Mocheng felt that he had lost control of his body, an invisible force dragging him back. He heavily landed on the ground, crashing onto the broken bowls on the floor. With a bang, his waist nearly snapped apart. The pain was so great that he could not even scream. He had a sensation that his body did not belong to him.

Tao Mocheng watched with wide eyes as the bronze Asura ghost shadow walked closer and closer, step by step. It sat down on the chairs of the stone house, not saying a word.

This action made it seem as if it this really was a ghost that came from hell.

Putong. Putong.

The Chen Er and others who had their bodies frozen suddenly trembled. Blood spurted from them, every one of them falling down.

So they had long been struck by the sword, completely dead.

Tao Mocheng felt a fear that he had never experienced before. Like a tide, it completely drowned him.

*in trouble himself **mythical weak point of a snake

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

