Chapter 269:


270 - Two matters

The voice was not loud or too quiet, but it sounded out throughout the entire Proud sky centre. It was as if the person speaking was right beside them.

Ding Li frowned.

As the person who was to uphold affairs, to be interrupted. This was a matter that was particularly enraging.

But the voice sounded out from the number one Xian Pavilion, he could not become angry. Instead he smiled towards the number one Xian Pavilion: "Do you have anything you want to say Zhaoge?"

By referring to him as Zhaoge, and not War God Lu, Ding Li wanted to demonstrate that his status was perhaps even higher than Lu Zhaoge.

Within the number one Xian Pavilion.

The person shrouded by a silver mist so that his identity could not be discerned, was namely the War God of Youyan Pass, Lu Zhaoge.

Without paying the slightest of attention to Ding Li's provocation, Lu Zhaoge sat in the main seating area. His voice was like a bronze bell that sounded out: "There are outstanding heroes everywhere today, the meeting can be counted as a great event in Snow Empire. Before the martial meeting truly begins, I have two matters that I want to announce to all my martial friends.....”

As he spoke, Lu Zhaoge lifted his hand, his finger piercing through the air.

A silver light that was like a sharp sword, pierced out from his finger.

This light shot hundreds of metre high up into the air. The air began to ripple, like waves that undulated. A dimly lit gate, began to appear in front of everyone, slowly opening.

"Last evening, someone dared to ambush a military officer of the Empire, destroying White Horse tower. The Empire is enraged and the army sent out experts to investigate. We've finally found the location of that scum. It was the remants of the Battling Soul Sect, that dared to cause trouble. Hmph, this person planned for a long time, and had the aid of interspatial formations to help him escape. But just how could he escape from the chase of the Empire?"

Lu Zhaoge's voice constantly sounded out from the number one Xian Pavilion.

They could see the dimly lit gate opening, with a figure inside.

There was a middle aged man who was as thin as bamboo, that was pushed out from the dimly lit gate. There were golden coloured formation shackles binding him. Messy ash gray hair was being blown everywhere by the wind. At once glance, he seemed like a withered scarecrow, but there was faint black mist encircling him. It was exactly the same as the aura emitting from the giant foot descending from the heavens.

Behind him,there were two golden armoured guards to both sides, holding him firmly in place.

The sinister middle aged man madly struggled. Constantly, there was a surging power like an ocean vibrating within his body, wanting to break free. But the golden coloured formation shackles forced him firmly in place. These strange formations transformed into an invisible energy, that restricted all of his abilities.狰

But even if so, everyone in the Proud sky centre, was able to clearly feel the power of that sinister, grey haired middle aged man.

This was a true top level expert.

Many people's hearts began madly beating.

There were varying expressions on the faces of the other people in the other Xian Pavilions.

The Ding Li who had a expression of mockery, had a different expression entirely. The instant he saw the middle aged man, there was an extreme shock that flickered through his pupils that disappeared in an instant. He turned to look at the Li Qiushui next to him. Li Qiushui's gaze did not turn away, his expression calm.

"Black Wind Old Eagle!"

There were people letting out gasps of shock next to the Bright Moon Lake.

[Black Wind Old Eagle] was a Bitter Sea stage existence that was always mysterious within the world of sects. He did not belong to any sect, and appeared very rarely. Without any family or friends, he always acted alone. They were very little people that knew just where did he originate from. But the way he did things were cruel and sinister. He liked to exterminate organisations and families completely, having done every evil deed under the sun. In these tens of years, there were several shocking tragic cases that had traces of this monster behind it.

There were several times that the sects banded together to hunt this monster down, but in the end he was able to escape.

Who would have thought the mysterious expert that had destroyed White Horse tower, was this monster.

They had never heard that this old monster had any conflicts with the Empire, but he was a remnant from the Battling Soul Sect.

Hundreds of years ago, the Battling Soul Sect was a famous and powerful sect within Heaven Wasteland domain. It's achivements were significant, there were very few people that dared provoke it. Later, it was completely crushed by the army of the Snow empire. Nearly everyone of that sect died in battle, and their sect's buildings were completely destroyed. So the [Black Wind Old Eagle] was one of the remnants of the Battling Soul Sect....

The people became even more stunned after hearing of the background of this middle aged man.

[Black Wind Old Eagle] was famous for his cruelty, but he was also famed for his cautiousness. He was able to escape from the sects that banded together time after time again inexplicably. From this one could tell just how strong and intelligent he was. This time he had planned carefully to act against the Youyan army, and suddenly struck to destroy the White Horse tower. As soon as he had succeeded, he had fled far away. But in less than fourteen hours of time, to be captured by the Youyan army...

This....

Thinking of the power of the Imperial family of Snow Empire and the Youyan army, was enough to make one shiver.

"To dare provoke the Empire, kill!"

Lu Zhaoge's voice, was always calm without the slightest sign of emotional fluctuation.

But everyone, could hear an attitude that made them shiver in such a voice.

The word kill was uttered.

There were the tragic howls that seemed like the cries of ghosts echoing throughout the air.

The golden coloured formation shackles let of a brilliant golden light, like it was a yellow coloured flame. It lit the body of the [Black Wind Old Eagle] alight. This old Bitter Sea stage expert, seeemd to be covered by flame, like he was burning everywhere. His skin, his flesh, his organs, his muscles, were slowly being devoured and ultimately, even his eyes began to burn with this golden flame.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh…..."

A tragic howl broke through the air.

A true top class expert could have a lifespan of a thousand years. He was a powerful and invincible figure in the eyes of many people. But in the blink of an eye, he had transformed into a pile of ashes.

Under the stare of countless dumbfounded glances, the golden armoured guards retreated, disappearing in the dimly lit gate.

The dimly lit gate also gradually disappeared following this.

Everything in the air reverted to normal.

As if nothing had happened whatsoever.

A clump of ashes descended from the skies. It was blown apart by the wind, scattering and becoming so small one could not see it with the naked eye.

The people of the Jianghu who could not help but cheer when the martial meeting had just begun, their heart was currently as cold as an explosive snow storm. Even an idiot would understand, that the arrangements to hunt and kill the [Black Wind Old Eagle] was namely the Empire demonstrating its muscles to all the experts here.

In just one night of time, to capture and kill a famous Bitter Sea stage expert. This kind of power was definitely something the sects did not possess.

Even the inheritors and elders sitting at the Xian Pavilion from the large sects, had a face of seriousness.

For the Empire to act as such a fast speed, this was too far out of the norm.

There had been many like incidents happening in the past, but none provoked such a reaction.They did not imagine that the Empire would be like a enraged fierce tiger, with such an intense reaction.

Could it be, the reason why they acted so fiercely, was because this matter concerned Ye Qingyu?

There was a great deal of information you could draw from that.

"The second matter is that I want to announce to the Empire using such an event, is that I have accepted Ye Congyun of the Vanguard in the Youyan army as my disciple." Lu Zhaoge was still enshrouded by the silver mist, so no one could see his true appearance.

This was also an extremely shocking incident.

Although the matter of Lu Zhaoge accepting a disciple had already began to spread out slowly, but this news was still largely unknown the the majority of the population.

The status of the Youyan War God was high.

Even in the sects, he would be regarded as a famed and powerful expert. In these years, he had always remained discipleless, but to think that he would accept a disciple today. This Ye Congyun, just what kind of person was he, that he could gain the War God of Youyan's appreciation.

They could see a young military officer that clasped his hands and bowed in front of Lu Zhaoge. He bowed sincerely and honestly, thanking his master for his kindness.

Everyone suddenly understood.

So it was that person.

In that instant, countless gazes focused their attention on Ye Congyun.

The minor officer seemed as if he did not notice such glances. After performing the disciple master ceremony, he still stood with his hands by his side, standing behind Lu Zhaoge.

"Fine, elder Ding, you can continue."

As Lu Zhaoge finished talking about these two matters, he transformed into a ray of light, disappearing from the number one Xian Pavilion.

He evidently did not have too great an interest in the martial alliance meeting after.

The Ye Congyun who had become the inheritor of the War God, stood at the side of the pavilion. He did not avert his gaze, his back as straight as a spear. There was a specialness about him. Many people guessed, where he was from, who he was, just what his talent was. To think that he would receive an opportunity that countless people dreamed about.

Ding Li stared at the empty number one Xian Pavilion. His heart could not help but grow angry.

Lu Zhaoge's attitude and actions, made everyone in the Jianghu and sects feel that he had slapped them across the face.

Following this, he had originally prepared a speech to raise the morale of the Jianghu people. The crowd below still had not recovered from the two news that he had anounced, not paying attention to his words at all. The fiery and passionate scene that he had imagined in his head did not appear. Under the clear fresh air, and sunlight, everything seemed somewhat stilted next to the Bright Moon Lake.

The number ten Xian Pavilion, was still empty.

"The matters of the Jianghu, will be settled in Jiangu. In these days, there were several big incidents happening in and outside of Youyan Pass. There were frictions between sects, there are people of the Jianghu who have created eminites between one another. Previously, to prevent Youyan pass from becoming chaotic, everyone have repressed themselves. Today, you can settle all your grievances in the Water Ray arena on Bright Moon Lake. To the death, if you so please."

Ding Li's voice, with the aid of yuan qi, resounded throughout the entire Proud sky centre.

This was one of the most important keynotes of the martial alliance meeting.

Competing in martial arts, no matter when, would be an event that made the blood of martial experts boil.

Before he had even finished.

Xiu.

A figure landed on the Water Ray arena at the centre of the Bright Moon Lake.

She was a woman wearing mourning clothes. She seemed to be extremely young, wearing coarse clothing as she was in mourning. She held a mourning staff draped in white, with a haggard face. Her expression was furious as she said: "I am the widow of the Xuan sect, Liu Ying. I ask for [The Leaf of Youyan] to appear, so we can settle our grievances."

Her voice was not loud.

But it was loud enough so that everyone around the lake could hear it clearly.

Everyone’s heart trembled.

It had began.

So it was like this.

The first person this woman challenged, was naturally the Ye Qingyu whose hands were filled with the blood of Jianghu people recently.

But there was still no one at the number ten Xian Pavilion.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 270:


“Marquis Ye, to think you would have been so monstrous as to kill my husband's entire family. Why don't you appear and fight with me? Could it be that you are afraid of a weak woman like me?"

The woman wearing mourning clothes shouted her accusation loudly.

But there was still no reply.

The seating area of the Xian Pavilions.

There were dark currents flowing.

Someone coughed.

"Ye Qingyu, the matters of Jianghu, should be settled in Jianghu. Since you have been invited to take part in the Martial Alliance, you can also be regarded as part of Jianghu. Here, there is no Marquis, there is no nobility. Please come out and do battle, where life and death will be decided by the heavens. No matter what, we must give a conclusion to such grievances. Please appear, Marquis Ye."

Ding Li shouted loudly at the number two Xian Pavilion.

His cultivation was high, his voice sounded like a bell that explosively spread out. It emanated throughout the Proud sky centre, so that everyone could hear it clearly.

The gazes of everyone, focused on the Water Ray arena at the centre of the Bright Moon Lake.

“To begin targeting me from the very start, you guys are really impatient."

Ye Qingyu's voice, finally sounded.

Everyone turned to look.

Without knowing when, the originally empty number ten Xian Pavilion now had a figure inside it. His white clothes were like jade, his black clothes like a waterfall, and he had a heroic handsomeness. Under the illumination of the sunlight, his clothes was like a pure and clean snowman, reflecting the sunlight. He sat calmly and silently, his black hair blowing in the wind. Every strand of hair was glowing. There was a holy aura emitting from him that seemed not to allow anyone to offend him.

Ye Qingyu!

Ye Qingyu had finally appeared.

[The Leaf of Youyan], sixteen, seventeen of age. He loved to wear white, and was a rare handsome man.

This was how the Jianghu described Ye Qingyu.

When they saw the figure at the number ten Xian Pavilion, the hearts of countless JIanghu disciples, began fiercely beating.

Everyone here had heard many stories of the [The Leaf of Youyan]. But stories were stories. After seeing with their own eyes, the young man that was known as the killing demon, there was fear, no matter how big or small, in the hearts of everyone. As the wind blowed past, all discussion disappeared.

"Ye Qingyu, come do battle. Even if I, Liu Ying's blood, is spilt on Bright Moon Lake, I want justice."

At the arena.

The young woman wearing mourning clothes howled.

Seeing such a scene, there were countless people that felt pity and sighed.

“Your husband Wang Xiong, your father in law Wang Zhijiang, your uncle Wang Ying, have killed over ten people each in Youyan pass. Especially Wang Xiong, he has killed two housewifes, one being pregnant. There is blood on the hands of every disciple of the Xuan sect.....I have no regrets in killing them." Ye Qingyu spoke, his voice calm, with a strange emotionless quality. "Liu Ying, you are infamous in the Ning Province. You are call the [Poisonous Asura Killer], the number of people you have killed is not little. According to logic, you also deserve to die. But the laws of the empire are clear; what you did is something that the officers of the Ning Province should manage. Today, I will take into consideration that you are in sorrow over the death of your husband, and that you have been directed to take such an action by another party. I will show mercy on you, and give you an opportunity. Get off the arena by yourself."

His voice was emotionless, but it held an unquestionable authority.

"You.....are falsely accusing others." Liu Ying said scathingly. "To kill my husband's family, then to try and besmirch their good name, you....you are not human, I, I...."

As she said these, she was so angry that she spat out blood.

Instantly there were loud sounds of discussion that broke out.

Countless gazes turned towards Ye Qingyu, countless fingers began pointing at Ye Qingyu. Voices of accusation and curses could be heard.

"Beast, Ye Qingyu you monstrous beast!"

"Ms Liu is too pitiful."

There were people in the crowd shouting such words.

The emotion of the crowd, grew more and more incited.

The seating area of the Dugu financial organisation.

Song Qingluo tightly clenched her hands, her joints going white as she bit her lip. She looked towards the direction of the number ten Xian Pavilion.

She believe that the common youth from White Deer city was not such a monstrous person.

She had little contact with him in White Deer academy, but Song Qingluo absolutely believed, that the youth who had angrily challenged ten arenas in a row, would not kill someone for no reason.

But it was very hard to clear your name once you were infamous in the Jianghu.. Especially for such an event like this where there were so many people. Once you have been accused of something, this would follow you along for the rest of your life. If you were classified as someone evil, it would be very hard for you to walk around in Jianghu....…

The girl was somewhat anxious for Ye Qingyu.

Within the number ten Xian Pavilion.

Ye Qingyu remained as calm as ever.

"You really won't go down the arena?"

His tone was calm.

"Scum, today the most that will happen is that I will die. I want to eat your flesh, drink your blood. For you to want to threaten me. Come, I'll die together with you...." Liu Ying's face was sinister as she howled.“

"Fine."

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

"Then go die."

He pointed out.

A glimmer of frost shot through the air.

Liu Ying's body that was still madly howling, was mercilessly shot through by this bolt of frost.

She quivered, staring down at her chest in disbelief. Her mouth opened wide, as if she wanted to say something.

But ultimately nothing was able to be said.

Her head turned to look at the number two Xian Pavilion, extending her hand as if trying to grab at something.

But her body ultimately froze in place.

A layer of frost crept over her body, her entire body transforming into an ice sculpture that fell onto the arena. With a crack, she turned into countles shards of ice that scattered with tinkling sounds as it hit the arena and against each other. There were pieces that quickly slid down into the Bright Moon Lake, causing the splash of water, as if someone was playing the song of death.

The discussion all around suddenly halted.

There was a deathly silence.

Then the air seemed to explode. All the discussion once again returned with a vengeance, becoming even louder, becoming even more violent. Everyone's face was like an enraged black bear. The disciples of the Jianghu did not dare to believe, that Ye Qingyu would really dare to kill a pitiful widow in front of everyone's eyes.

All sorts of curses and shouts constantly sounded.

Ye Qingyu faintly smiled.

His tall body stood up, taking a step our of the number ten Xian Pavilion. In a split instant, his figure was already at the Water Ray arena.

"You should know just what kind of sect the Xuan sect was. And you should know just how many innocent lives the [Poison Asura] Liu Ying has killed. You should know better than me. There's no need to act so rightfully angered....“

Ye Qingyu figure was on the arena.

His body was as straight as a spear. There was a coldness on his face. He said: "There's someone who want to create the image of such a pitiful and sorrowful victim, and attempt to ruin my reputation. Such methods, is really too childish. In the martial world, in Jianghu, it is always a universe where the strong is revered. What's the meaning in using such schemes against me.....Haha, I know, there must already be many characters you've prepared to challenge me. Haha, don't you all just want me to crush you all at this arena? I'm in the arena already, who else is coming? Please come to the arena to do battle.”

His white robes fluttered, his black hair danced.

The Leaf of Youyan stood alone in the Water Ray arena.

The decisiveness and calmness that he showed in this instant of provoking the enraged Jianghu people, cause everyone to be stunned.

The seating area of the Dugu financial organisation.

Song Qingluo's exquisite eyebrows that were so worried that they were about to touch suddenly relaxed. Her eyes suddenly opened wide.

The heart of the young girl seemed to be have been struck by something at this instant.

All noise and sounds in her ear suddenly disappeard. The Xian Pavilions and the lake disappeared. The martial experts figures disappeared.....In her eyes, there was only the white clothed youth that was like a deity, his figure like that of a mountain.

The scene in that instant, was utterly similar to the battle of the ten arenas at White Deer academy.

In the past, it was this youth, with his black clothes and long spear that coldly fought against those noble young students.

And right now, it was still this youth. He was always so calm and confident, he was always as stable as a ten thousand year old icicle. He would not be willing to backdown from anythihng. He was like an arrow, a blade, a sword. He would rather be broken than bend.

But it was only that, this time the people he faced were not the students of the academy, but even more cunning and sinister Jianghu people.

He, could he handle it?

When Song Qingluo's heart was being struck, there were changes occurring.

"Let me face a butcher like you."

There was an incomparably angry shout, that sounded out from the West side of Bright Moon Lake.

A figure shot through the air, landing on the Water Ray arena.

It was a muscular and burly monk. He work dark red monk clothes, and woven shoes. His arms were as thick as an old tree's roots, with sturdy muscles and a bristling needle like beard. Behind him were two bronze alms bowls. The aura that he released, was frightening.

"Release your blade to become a buddha. Ye Qingyu, repent for your crimes."

The monk stood in front of him, shouting loudly.

"Giant alms bowl, a figure like a vicious hound. If I'm not wrong, you should be the [Bloody Alms], the vicious monk, Yang Zhenning. Your religious name is Emptiness." Ye Qingyu evaluated the monk, then nodded his head. "’Bring the bloody alms North and east, killing over a hundred thousand’. This is the phrase you always utter so proudly. When you killed those poor civilians to increase your cultivation, did you ever imagine, that you should also kneel down and repent?"

"You....what nonsense are you saying?" The Emptiness monk angrily said. "I am a religious person, how can I...."

He was extremely shocked.

Only people from the North East of the Empire should know who he was. How could this Ye Qingyu, recognise him at first glance and know about his own background. It was as if he had already memorised everything about him. This was really far too strange.

"Don't waste your breath. You are also acting, you also deserve to die."

Ye Qingyu's fist struck out.

"Come." The muscles of the Emptiness monk contracted, a massive alms bowl appearing in his hand. With a sinister smile, he struck out towards Ye Qingyu's fist with this implement.

Boom!

The two stuck each other, metal quivering.

The air current madly rushed everywhere on the arena.

The Emptiness monk felt his wrist going numb, stunned by Ye Qingyu's strength. He was about to counterattack, when Ye Qingyu fist struck at him like a raging storm, as fast as lightning, fist after fist.

Boom!Boom! Boom!

Deafening noises sounded.

Nine punches altogether.

Ye Qingyu took a few steps backward.

The vicious Emptiness monk was like a puppet, mechanically moving backwards step by step.

All the colour had gone from his face. Ultimately he took one last step backwards, disappearing with a splash in the Bright Moon Lake, without reappearing. Even when the water surface became as smooth as a mirror again, he did not reappear.

"There are no regrets in killing people like you."

Ye Qingyu faintly smiled.

Wen Wan did not seem to be serious most of the time, but the list of Jianghu people and their background he provided was exceeding accurate.

A rapid gale blew.

His white robes were like a banner of war, flapping in the wind.

"Who is next?"

Ye Qingyu lifted his hands up in the air, inviting battle.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 271:


Who is next?

These three words, had an unshakeable momentum.

The surroundings were completely silent.

Perhaps people from merchant companies and financial organisation would not realise just what the Emptiness monk represented. But the people of Jianghu, was clearly aware that the strength of the vicious Emptiness monk had already reached the fifty Spirit springs tens of years ago. On the North East side of the Empire, he had killed and robbed, murdering entire families. He was a famous murderer, and the copper alms bowl he used was tens of thousands pounds in weight. When it struck out, wind and lightning would accompany it. His strength was extremely terrifying.

But an infamous person like him that had existed for tens of years, was killed in just nine of Ye Qingyu's punches.

His copper alms bowl, was like a broken vase from the impact of such punches.

Fifty Spirit springs, was another seperator in the Spirit springs cultivation stage. Below fifty and above fifty were utterly different stages.

For Ye Qingyu to kill the Emptiness Monk so easily, his real strength was....

People could not understand what they saw.

The evaluations that had been made about Ye Qingyu and spread throughout the pass, seemed to have been proven to be completely ridiculous by this incident.

Who is next?

Ye Qingyu asked again for the third time.

The surroundings were quiet.

When this was repeated for the fourth time, a figure arrived. In a similar fashion to the ripple that was caused by a goose's flight, this figure landed on the arena.

"Lin Ziru, pays his respect to Marquis Ye.”

A white haired middle aged man, with a tall and sturdy figure, stood there. His arms were at his knees, it seemed that his upper body was even longer than his lower body. When he stood upright, he seemed to resemble a violent monkey. HIs aura seemed calm, not demonstrating or exhibiting any strong yuan qi fluctuation. But Ye Qingyu was able to sense an extreme sense of danger from him faintly.

"Lin Ziru, the previous poison king of the Five Poison Sect?" Ye Qingyu pupils dilated.

Lin Ziru's name was not that famous in Jianghu.

But if you mentioned the previous Poison King of the Five Poison Sect, this was an existence that would make people's’ faces go pale at the mere mention of this title.The poison arts he possessed could be regarded as divine. It could take someone's life without any signs whatsoever. It was said that he always had three hundred and sixty five ways of killing someone using poison on his body. If he wanted to kill some, he only needed to exert a breath to turn his target into a puddle of acid.

"For a noble like Marquis, to know of my background. I feel honoured."“

The middle aged man Lin Ziru smiled and bowed.

A faint grey aura, extended from the back of his palm as he bowed. Like a sharp sword, it shot towards Ye Qingyu.

"Good techniques.”

Ye Qingyu smiled slightly, extending his hand like a claw.

This grey mist was caught in his hands, then was instantly frozen into a ball with ice crystals on the outside and ash on the inside.

"I heard that the Poison King has already retired and does not interfere in the affairs of the world anymore. Why have you come out into the Jianghu again?" Ye Qingyu crushed the ice ball into pieces that tranformed into wisps of frost. The poison inside had already been completely neutralised.

"I had no choice. Someone killed my disciple, so I have to find some sort of justice."

There was a multicoloured mist around the Poison King that gradually seeped out.

"Oh, the Five poison Gongzi?" Ye Qingyu nodded his head. "That seems logical. Originally you've killed countless people when you were active. Fourty one years ago, you ambushed and killed eleven sentries of Youyan Pass. Thirty eight years ago, you killed thirty seven people under the command of Jiang Xiaoyu of the Qingjiang relay station in the North east. Thirty three years ago, Shen Chun the rich man of Jiangnan his entire family of three hundred and ten people all died by your hands...."

Ye Qingyu recounted the great crimes that the Poison King had committed in the past.

Those age old crimes where dust had already settled, was recounted one after another by Ye Qingyu. No matter whether it was when it happened, where it happened, how many died, or other information, it was all incomparably accurate.

"Originally there were the hidden forces of the Right Minister protecting you in the Empire, so you could escape from the law. Afterwards, you hid yourself in the background, so your death could be prevented and you could enjoy the rest of your life. But from what it sees like, retiring in the woods was a lie, but acting stealthily in the background was real." Ye Qingyu smiled. "Since you've come today, then don't leave. So many crimes in these years, it's time for you to be executed."

"Haha, Marquis must be joking.”

Lin Ziru coldly sneered, strands of multicoloured mists seeping out from different parts of his body into the air. It was like different coloured flames that strangely danced, as if it was will-o-wisps from the depths of hell.

Beneath his feet, there were faint strands of mist that were like poisonous snakes. Without any noise, they headed towards Ye Qingyu's direction, surrounding him.

"It's a good opportunity to experience the poison of the Poison King."

Ye Qingyu faintly smiled.

Snowflake after snowflake began floated around his body, like silver Sprites dancing happily.

An extreme cold will, spread out in all directions.

Zhi!Zhi!Zhi!

The sounds of things being frozen was indiscernible.

Benearth Ye Qingyu's feet, frost began spreading out in all directions. Everywhere it passed, it turned into a layer of silver ice. The entire arena was covered by a thin layer of silver ice. The ice crystal patterns were beautiful, like hexagonal snowflakes joining together one after one, painting a breathtaking painting of frost.

When the frost and poison met, a gale was born.

There were the faint sounds of explosion in the air.

Then there were sparks.

Invisible energies collided.

The Poison King Lin Ziru's expression changed slightly. The five coloured poison qi he emitted became thicker and thicker, covering his entire person. The multicoloured poison shot up tens of metre in the air, like a strange pillar reeking of a stench. One could faintly hear the tragic cry of all sorts of poisonous beasts and bugs biting into each other, like the wail of a hundred ghosts. It stole one's concentration, causing one to be disrupted.

The snowflakes dancing next to Ye Qingyu become more and more frantic.

Snowflakes shot out likeshooting stars that ripped through the air with whistling noices, like the signs of the howling snowstorm that was about to arrive. It was as if he only needed to wave his hands, and an avalanche would come to meet him.

The aura of the two fiercely began to rise.

A pure and saintly clean ice qi.

A multicoloured poison qi. 一

A Poison King whose infamy was already known to the world ages ago.

A new young noble that had not yet met his opponent.

A person that wants to take revenge for the death of his disciple and to get rid of the eyesore of the forces he belonged to.

A person who wanted to suppress the Jianghu and seek justice for the people who died because of such people.一

Enemies met face to face.。

There would definitely be death.

Next to the Bright Moon Lake. Countless eyes were gazing fixatedly at the arena, staring at those two explosive globes of light. They silently waited for their aura of the opponent to reach its peak before they would prepare another ambush.

One breath passed

Ten breaths passed.

Thirty breaths passed.

The expected mountain like strike did not come as imagined.

The aura of the two gradually become weaker.

Then the frost and poisonous that was throughout the air, starting to disappear. Ultimately, nothing remained.

Lin Ziru's face had an expression had a sinisterness look of success.

"Marquis, do you feel that your inner yuan is not flowing well?" His gaze, was like he was looking at a chick that was about to died being grabbed around the throat. It was filled with a merciless and mockery. “

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

"People who have been poisoned with the Dispersing Yuan powder will have such a feeling." There was a sneer in Lin Ziru's smiled.“

Ye Qingyu gave a little sound of acknowledgement.

"Did you feel that you were safe, that you've already prevented anything poisonous from entering your body. But you were still poisoned, do you think this matter is logical?" The Poison King asked with a delighted tone.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

"You are still too young." Lin Ziru's smile was somewhat merciless and violent.

He walked closer and closer, step by step.

"I am known as the poison king. I can poison anyone anytime I want. There's many things you can go do, but the thing you shouldn't was to start defending against me after you've given your little speech.....Haha, when you didn't even know who I was, the disappearing yuan powder had already been spread around throughout the area. It has no colour, it can enter throgh all pores,. They don't needed to breath it in, but it only needs to touch the skin. Even if it is only little speck, it's enough for you to suffer greatly."

Ye Qingyu pretended that he was enlightened.

"I heard that when you killed my disciple, your methods were cruel and merciless. From start to finish, he was not able to exhibit his poison arts at all. Today, for you to die by the poison arts of the Five Poison Sect, can be counted as karma." By this time, the expression of the Poison King was as sinister as a vicious ghost.“

"Karma, is not like this. "Ye Qingyu finally opened his mouth." If you do evil, than you deserve to die. This is karma, to stop the evil from spreading. If you are like me, this is virtue, there won't be karma. “

Ye Qingyu took a step forward.

"It seems like you truly do not understand the reason why your disciple died. Perhaps those people did not tell you my true methods, for you to come to your death so easily." Ye Qingyu smiled. "Someone must feel that the Right Minister of the Empire will definitely be enraged if I kill two people of the Lin family. That my Marquis position, will definitely be endangered......In truth, it must have been really hard for them. I've only emerged for less than a year, but they have to use such a long winded method to target me, it seems like they have already turned scheming into their second nature.“

"You..."

The Poison King Lin Ziru finally sensed that something was not right.

"Look, I only played along with you for a little bit, but you were so proud of yourself. You didn't even notice that your meridians has been frozen till it fracutured." Ye Qingyu's face was cold as he shook his head. "You’re so old and you've experienced so much, but why is it that you don't even have a sense of cautiousness. Your reactions are so slow. If you don't die, who is going to die?"'

"Impossible, I..." The Poison King was instanlty alerted. As he sensed inside his body, the colour of his face rapidly changed.

"Do you finally sense it?" Ye Qingyu let out a faint smile. "I've finished speaking already. If you want to hate someone, then hate the people who gave you false information. They seemed to be aiding you, but in reality they are just using you as cannon fodder. They can only benefit from their deaths."

The Poison King Lin Ziru was deathly white, coldly laughing.

He was too over confident in his dispearing yuan poison. At the same time, he also underestimated Ye Qingyu's cultivation. He was misled from the very start, that’s why he was defeated so easily.

In the Jianghu, defeat, was tantamount to death.

"Haha, Marquis Ye, I'll talke a step first then. I'll wait for you beneath the Nine Springs. The Jianghu, is not only made up of the sects, it is also a temple. As long as you take a step into the path of Jianghu, you can never truly be free from it. Even if your martial skills can be compared to the heavens, there will eventually be a day that you will fall too. Haha, hahahaah...."

Before he had even finished.

The Poison King's figure suddenly froze, a terifying cold qi exploding from the within his body. White vapour was being spat out from his nose and mouth that constantly turned into white flag paper.

His entire person was immediately turned into a ice sculpture, that exploded. Shards of ice struck the ground with a clink, spreading everywhere.

The cold qi rose to the air.

White vapour was everywhere.

"I have never thought of leaving this path. Only a coward would retreat, brave people will head on regardless. There will eventually be a day, that I will walk this path to its very peak. " A spark of the Supreme ice flame can to lit up Ye Qingyu's finger.

With the Supreme ice flame in his hands, no poison could pose any threat to him .

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 272:


The white flame on Ye Qingyu's finger tip burned, like a sprite jumping up and down excitedly.

He stood alone on the arena, his white robe fluttering in the air. The ice crystals present on the arena gradually retreated, being absorbed back into his body. His black hair danced like a black flame, emitting an aura that made it seem he was independent from the world. His entire person seemed like a deity that had descended from the Ninth Heaven.

A light gust of wind blew from his body slightly, sweeping all the crushed ice into the Bright Moon Lake with a splash.

Using the [Supreme ice flame] to kill his enemies, he had completely turned their body into ice. There was not the slightest trace of flesh or bone.

When the ice fell into the water, it quickly dissolved, becoming part of the Bright Moon Lake

On the shore of the lake.

Those Jianghu people who were cursing and shouting, had shut their mouths.

They understood best, just how terrifying the Poison King Lin Ziru was. There was a phrase that was said in the Jianghu; "Rather meet the King of Hell, than meet the King of Poison." The person they referred to was Lin Ziru. Even people whose cultivation was greater than Lin Ziru, would be tortured to death by his poison. If you met the King of Hell, you would die at the most, but meeting the King of Poison would make you experience a pain worse than death.

But even such a horrifying entity of the Jianghu, could not last longer than one or two rounds in front of Ye Qingyu, turning into the water of Bright Moon Lake.

Then who could be [The Leaf of Youyan]'s opponent?

At that instant, the air solidified. No one dared to jump up and challenge.

When Ye Qingyu's gaze swept past them, they all lowered their heads, not daring to meet his eyes.

Song Qingluo forcefully suppressed the shock in her heart, looking towards the young man on the Water Ray arena. Her eyes were filled with both admiration and shock. She had personally seen this divine dragon hibernating in White Deer academy, and the steps he had taken to arrive at such a stage. If this scene was passed back to White Deer academy, Qin Wushang, Han Shuangfu, Bai Yuqing and other others would most likely not even have the slightest of ambition to compete with such a monster?

In all of the Xian Pavilions, most likely only the successors of all those large sects had the requirements to compete with Ye Qingyu.

Those who had such a thought was not only Song Qingluo. Other disciples of the major sects also had such a thought.

Countless eyes turned towards the main seating area, the Xian Pavilion.

Only the young leaders of the Three Schools and the Three Sects, could hope to win against Ye Qingyu.

At this time, there were people hiddenly conversing in the Xian Pavilions.

"His strength is even greater than several days ago."

"Could it be that he has broken through in again?”

"Breakthrough....hmph, just how could it be so easy. You and I have both cultivated for tens of years to reach the level of cultivation we have today. A little minnow from the poor, how could he break through everyday?"

"Then it means he hid his strength previously."

"For him to be so young and so difficult to handle. I feel that this Ye Qingyu, should be the successor of some ancient sect. Before the Snow Empire was founded, only the top sects in the age of sects had such methods.“

"If that is so, than should we act or not act?"

"Of course we should act. What does it matter if he is the successor to some ancient sect? Those who block our affairs, must die.“

"They are just some glowing ashes that want to return from the dead. They are dreaming."

"Let them comtinue. If they can't kill him, then ruin his reputation, break his martial heart, halt his momentum. Then matters will become easy for us."

"En, this is good. We are the righteous sects, killing people are reasonable.“

Four or five consciousness exchanged thoughts in the Xian Pavilion, achieving some sort of agreement.

……

"Ye Qingyu, I seek to fight with you."

A calm voice sounded out.

The figure broke through the air.

There was one more person on the Water Ray arena.

This person was somewhat short, wearing grey featherered clothing. He wore a conical bamboo hat, and in his hands there was a pale green fishing rod about three metre in length that was treated as a walking stick by him. With his left hand carrying a bamboo pipe, he seemed like a leisurely old man out fishing. There was a natural aura emitting from him, like the aura of the wind and rain was encircling him.

Under the conical bamboo hat, there was a round face that seemed slightly old.

He seemed to be around thirty or fourty years of age.

“【The fisherman of Han River】,Gao Han. I ask for Marquis guidance." The hooded figure grasped his hands in greeting.

Ye Qingyu's brows locked together.

"Gao Han? You have a grudge against me?" Ye Qingyu asked.

"I have nothing against Marquis Ye." Gao Han shook his head.

"You hate me?"

"I do not."

"Since you have no grievance and no hate, then why are we meeting on the arena of life and death?" Ye Qingyu asked in a confused tone.

There was a helpless light that flashed by in Gao Han's eyes, tightly clenching onto his fishing rods. "I cannot bear to see you slaughtering my friends of Jianghu with such brutal methods. That's why I decided to fight with you, so that I can get rid of a threat. If I fail, then I die with no regrets."

"For such a reason?"

Ye Qingyu felt stranger and stranger.

The fisherman of Han River] was different from the Liu Ying, the Emptiness Monk and the Poison King. He was a person that was famous for being righteous in the South West.【

It was rumoured that when Gao Han was young, a strange person had passed on a strange picture to him, [The ripples of the Koi]. Within this picture,there were the profoundness of martial arts hidden away. After he understood it fully, his cultivation soared. His fame became greater and greater, traversing the Jianghu, and doing his best to uphold justice everywhere he went. He was a famed hero. Because of a later mistake, he had killed another famous hero. Due to this regret, he chose to retire from Jianghu, instead swelling in the South West river mouth of one of the thirty six rivers. When it was leisurely, he would go fishing in the Han river, if it was busy he would ferry others across. He had retired for thirty years, and was well respected by everyone.

For a person who had already grown tired of the killing of the Jianghu , to meet with him in the arena for such a reason.

"Marquis Ye, please. This move, is called [Fishing in the Snow of the Han River]!”

Gao Han alerted him, clasping his hands. Then he placed the bamboo rod by the side and flicked his right arm, the fishing rod in his hand striking down like lightning from above.

Everywhere this fishing rod passed, made the air seem like it was water that caused ripples, spreading apart everywhere. The air was completley turbulent to the two sides of the fishing rod, as if it would really split the icy cold waters of Han River into half. It was a sword move, as well as a blade attack. A thousand miles of the Han River, completely fished out.

Ye Qingyu's figure quickly turned, taking six steps before he could avoid this move.

[The fisherman of Han River] had become famous thirty years ago. His strength was unfathomable. He had acted as expected, without any signs or sounds, his cultivation far above the vicious empitness Monk. His moves seemed natural and free, as if he was composing a poem. There was a strange rhythm that was hidden with.

Ye Qingyu grabbed through the air.

The Little Shang sword appear in Ye Qingyu's hands.

This was the first time he had used a weapon.

"The second move, A Thousand bird flee!"

Gao Han shouted, the rod once again striking out.

Xiu Xiu Xiu Xiu.

There was the sound of air being ripped apart.

Countless shadows of the rod flickered like it was dancing, as if there was countless paintbrushes dancing in the air that was drawing an endless scene of the mountains rising in the air. It was vast and towering, endless, as if it was millions of pounds heavy. It enveloped Ye Qingyu from left and right, completely surrounding him. The thousands mountains rumbled like a dragon, separating him from the world.

Ye Qingyu was trapped by the thousand mountains like a lonely bird. It was hard for him to break away.

"An extremely quick move. I could not catch the trajectory of the rod at all."

Ye Qingyu was stunned.

This was the first time he had met such an exquisite opponent ever since he practiced in martial arts.

"Storm of swords!"

Ye Qingyu did not dare take any risks.

The battle techniques the learnt from the ancient bronze book was the strong est in offence. Facing Gao Han's move, he felt that he would not be able to defend so he completely abandoned defending and instead switched on the offensive. The cold gleam of the Little Shang sword swallowed everything, and the translucent snowflakes around his body danced rapidly. The shine of the sword was too much, enveloping his own body. He struck out towards the mountain range that seemed as if it weighed millions of pounds.

Clang!Clang!Clang!Clang!

Metallic clashing noises were emitted, as if a roaring gale was occurring.

In but a breath of time, the sword and rod musts have struck against each other hundreds of time. In such an explosive snowstorm, sparks were constantly be able to be seen.

Ye Qingyu had activated the [Storm of swords] to its extreme, but he could faintly feel a numbness on his back.

He knew that the fishing rod had already broken past his defences, and touched him.

He could not block him!

Ye Qingyu was shocked.

The battle techinque of [The fisherman of Han River] was like it born and designed from the heavens itself. Every strike was undetectable and untraceable. And this was the Ye Qingyu who had his inner yuan refined by the bronze book, so he had fast reactions. If it were other people, they would have long been turned into a beehive by the fishing rod.

"Good techniques Marquis. Have a try of my technique, [The elimination of paths]."

Gao Han shouted.

His fishing rod changed style, the illusory mountain range withdrawing.

The fishing rod gatherered momentum. A infinitely more terrifying transformation was going to happen.

Ye Qingyu was stunned..

Becase he ws able to sense, that the move [A thousand bird flee] was not at its end. It could still continue on, as if there were endless attacks that could be carried out.. But right now, Gao Han had inexplicably changed his move.

But Ye Qingyu, he could not let this continue on.

If he allowed Gao Han to continue on doing as he pleased, he knew he could not endure with his current level of power.

He gave a low shout:"Elder Gao, this ends here. Don't blame me."

Before he had even finished.

The silver dragon hairpin in his black hair moved slightly. The dragon hairpin seemed alive, and opened it mouth. With a silver flash that was as quick as lightning, the silver light avoided the fishing rod neatly and headed direct for Gao Han's face.

Gao Han did not imagine such a thing would occur, not able to react.

Zhi!Zhi!Zhi!

The sound of an object freezing sounded.

Gao Han's expression did not change in the slightest. He had changed into an ice sculpture.

Ye Qingyu's fist struck out.

Splash!

The ice sculpture was sent flying, falling off the arena and into the Bright Moon Lake.

The battle had ended.

Ye Qingyu stood alone in the arena.

There was three bloody hole the width of three finger at his back.

It was the wound the fishing rod had left behind when it broke past Ye Qingyu’s defences..

Thankfully Ye Qingyu's physical strength was strong, he was more tough than people at the same cultivation stage as him. He had met many fortuitous encounters, and the secret hidden with his body was something even Ye Qingyu had not fully understood. Such an injury was only a flesh wound to him that bled slightly. With such terrifying self recovery ability, there was only the three faint scars left.

But at this time, the surroundings of the Bright Moon Lake completely exploded.

Countless Jianghu disciples began roaring in rage.

Gao Han had died.

Gao Han had been killed by Ye Qingyu.

The Emptiness Monk, Liu Ying and the Poison King deaths were all met with calmness and . They were not enraged, only shocked by Ye Qingyu's strength. But the emotions of the crowd were incited by Gao Han's death.。

There were still passionate people in the Jianghu.

The death of a true hero, would make the blood of some people burn.

"Ye Qingyu, you butcher. I will fight to the death with you."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

