Chapter 521:


Chapter 542, Amaze the world with a single move

The Great Hua Peak had three major treasured divine weapons, White Lotus Immortal Sword being one of them.

This sword was once the most treasured weapon of White Lotus Sword Sect of Clear River Domain, before Greater One Sect destroyed White Lotus Sword Sect and broke into its armoury. The Sword Master of White Lotus Sword Sect, White Lotus Sword Saint, wielding the White Lotus Immortal Sword, battled against the headmaster of Greater One Sect at the battlefield of the peak of the ninth heaven and finally went missing, while the headmaster of Greater One Sect brought White Lotus Immortal Sword back to the sect. Basically, it can be concluded that the White Lotus Sword Saint had fallen.

As a result, the White Lotus Sword Sect was destroyed, its mountain gate fell into enemy hands, and not even chickens or dogs were spared.

Later, changes happened. The ancient book of sword techniques of White Lotus Sword Sect and the White Lotus Immortal Sword eventually belonged to the Great Hua Peak of Greater One Sect’s eight peaks and became one of its secret techniques.

Chen Shaohua, the successor of Great Hua Peak, was a genius that began cultivating sword skills from a young age. He quickly rose to fame and had several times performed meritorious services to Greater One Sect, so the White Lotus Immortal Sword was bestowed upon him.

Armed with White Lotus Immortal Sword, Chen Shaohua had killed countless experts, and won the reputation of [Sword Leaves No Person].

The last expert to fall before the White Lotus Immortal Sword was the Headmaster of Heaven Awakening Sect of Clear River Domain. As an expert of the older generation of Clear River Domain that had made a name for himself for hundreds of years, he failed to even withstand one sword attack from Chen Shaohua’s White Lotus Immortal Sword.

In the following five years, Chen Shaohua, as though invincible and lonely, had rarely used this divine weapon.

At this time, as he drew the sword from the pure white lotus, and all gazes fell on the silver sword, everyone’s faces quickly changed colour.

“Little Shishu Chen is using the White Lotus Immortal Sword?” Xiao Yunlong and other Greater One Sect disciples were all shocked.

It was only an exchange of a few attacks before, yet Little Shishu had already felt the need to utilise his treasured weapon. Could he have already sensed that ordinary fighting skills were not enough to deal with the Thunder and Lightning Sect’s successor?

If so, just how terrifying was the successor to this Thunder and Lightning Sect?

Thinking of when he was planning to teach this youngster a lesson soon after the Enlightened Tea Party stared, thinking of when Elder Xie wanted to kill this youngster, if they really had fought with him at that time, then even if they all attacked together, it would not be enough to defeat this youngster alone... This feeling was like he had just returned from the gates of hell. He had not realized that, at this moment, as he was unable to control his fear, his body was soaked with cold sweat.

The others were all dumbstruck.

The situation had developed to this stage. Even the many people that were lacking interest in this battle before, and were certain that the successor to Thunder and Lightning Sect would be killed in less than 5 moves, were also beginning to change their judgment.

A lot of the geniuses that at first did not pay attention to this martial arts battle were finally alarmed, moving over to the lakeside.

At this time, even a fool would realize that no matter what the end result of this battle was, as long as the Thunder and Lightning Sect successor remained alive, it meant that a new talent was born.

A new young martial arts genius, through this one battle, will become famous.

And the unknown Thunder and Lightning Sect would most likely amaze everyone.

The young people that can appear in this tea garden were not ordinary people, and can be called genius experts in the whole Clear River Domain. therefore their vision was naturally extraordinary. In their view, with the imposing manner, imposing attitude and imposing spirit that the successor of Thunder and Lightning Sect displayed in this battle alone, he could be considered to as a master-level existence. Faintly, there was a potential of a top expert.

The female disciples of Hundred Spirits Sect, at this moment, their beautiful eyes were glowing with excitement.

Only the eldest senior sister and Liu Ruxin exchanged a glance with each other, seeming somewhat worried.

Though they came to this Greater One Sect to ask for help, but for some reason, emotionally, they have been completely tilted to the side of the youngster of Thunder and Lightning Sect, so the two people were now very worried. Once Chen Shaohua used the famous White Lotus Immortal Sword, would the successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect be able to withstand such a strike?

A man dies just like a lamp being extinguished.

If he died in this fight, all the attention that he had won before would be annihilated.

On the other side, Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi finally had a look of surprise crossing their faces.  一

Previously, they only felt that Old Fish and Ye Qingyu were a little difficult to see through, and found them interesting, so they became friends. Later, the more they chatted the more they realized they were like-minded, but they did not really think that the young Tian Huang would possess such unbelievable strength and able to force Chen Shaohua to use the White Lotus Immortal Sword. Among the younger generation of the whole Clear River Domain, there most likely would only be less than 20 people able to do so.

In other words, the strength of Tian Huang was enough to be placed in the top 20 young geniuses of Clear River Domain.

If he can take it further and beat Chen Shaohua, then...

The result, even thinking about it, was exciting enough.

But none of the people had noticed that the frivolous Liu Shaji had a very peculiar change of his expression.

In fact, this change had existed the moment Chen Shaohua summoned the White Lotus Immortal Sword.

Liu Shaji’s eyes were slightly narrowed, his expression much more serious than before, his gaze that was fixed on that sword had a kind of extremely strange, deep meaning. In the depths of his eyes there was a glimmer of impulse flickering, but in the end he still maintained a strange silence.

……

Lake surface.

Ye Qingyu saw the White Lotus Immortal Sword in Chen Shaohua’s hand.

On the silver sword blade of the silver lotus flower mouth shaft, he felt a slight threat.

Chen Shaohua flicked the sword, and the sword blade faintly buzzed, like a bright white lotus was blooming, faint roars of a dragon and howls of a tiger emitting from the blade of the sword.

Wielding the sword in his hand, Chen Shaohua was exuding a self-confident and invincible air.

“I will let you know what the true complete [White Lotus Sword Kill] is.” Chen Shaohua looked down at Ye Qingyu from a height, like he was looking at a dead man.

The killing move of White Lotus Sword Sect, naturally needed the divine weapon [White Lotus Immortal Sword] to display its true power.

“Die!”

Chen Shaohua’s face suddenly grew icy cold, his eyes shooting out and absorbing silver light, his voice biting cold and devoid of any emotions.

Layers upon layers of silver sword shadow transformed out from his hands.

Metallic noises, like that of metals scraping against each other, sounded. The White Lotus Immortal Sword, with a strange rhythm and speed, transformed into two, then three, and then into millions, unending, like a silver peacock spreading its endless tails. In the blink of the eye, above the lake, there was almost only silver sword shadows. The entire space had become an endless White Lotus sword domain.

Swoosh!

The first sword sound rang.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh!

Then the silver light that filled the sky shot out like a rainstorm.

This scene was so shocking as the stars of the heavens being ignited and falling.

And the location that Ye Qingyu was in right now was exactly the center of the destructive White Lotus Sword Rain.

His figure, almost in that instant, was drowned by the sword rain.

Under the sun, bright silver light occupied all sights.

Even the geniuses by the lakeside also needed to completely activate yuan techniques to restore their eyesight, allowing them to see what was happening on the lake.

……

“What?”

“Impossible?”

“Heavens!”

At that instant, there were exclamations of surprise from the lakeside.

The geniuses from all different backgrounds, at this moment, couldn’t help but exclaim in unison.

Among the female disciples of Hundred Spirits Sect, only the most powerful eldest senior sister could activate enough power to just be able to see through everything. In the infinite bright silver light domain, the blurred figure of the youngster with the naked perfect upper body greeting the sword rain with a fist. An unmatched fist strength and fist wind unexpectedly and forcibly exploded out of a vacuum zone, shattering the endless White Lotus sword shadows.

Still as strong as before.

Still as domineering as before.

Xiao Yunlong, as well as other Greater One Sect disciples, whose cultivation was obviously inadequate, already did not know what was happening in the most central area of the battlefield. But from the exclamations and astonishment across the people’s faces, they nevertheless captured some not so good news.

The culprit Xiao Yunlong was so anxious like a feeling of impending doom.

Things had developed to this extent, which far exceeded his initial expectation. He had created such a big disturbance, no matter what, he was certainly going to be punished by the sect.

……

Ye Qingyu was deep in the strangulation of the endless White Lotus sword qi.

Throwing out one punch after another.

He could feel heat flowing around his body. His physical strength had been pushed to an unprecedented level.

Chen Shaohua, who was clasping the White Lotus Immortal sword, brought him a great deal of pressure.

But it was also under such pressure that Ye Qingyu’s fighting spirit was completely ignited. He was situated in a rare excitement, a complete combat state. His painstaking cultivation at Underground Moonlight and Greater One Peak was like dry wood meeting a blazing fire, thoroughly catalysed.

“Hahaha, good, this is more like the successor of Great Hua Peak.”

Ye Qingyu laughed.

In midair.

Chen Shaohua's complexion was unchanged. The internal energy within his body was blossoming endlessly, the White Lotus Immortal Sword growing brighter and brighter in his hands, like a transparent divine crystal, glowing with a chaotic immortal aura. His imposing aura was constantly rocketing as before, giving people the feeling that a spirit was lying dormant in the immortal sword, slowly awakening.

The water inside the small lake had almost all evaporated.

Around the lake, for some reason, there were new formation chains flickering. Mysterious powers were rising from the ground of the Enlightened Tea Garden, like wandering dragons circling the whole lake, forming a new energy shield and completely isolating the atmosphere of the battlefield, to prevent the aftermath of the destructive power from damaging the surrounding Enlightened Tea Garden and tea plantations.

There were more and more people around the lake.

Some old faces were beginning to appear among the crowd.

It was obvious that news had spread, and many experts of the older generation also rushed over.

Greater One Sect’s Elder Xie and Elder Chen also appeared in the crowd, their faces twisted with astonishment and embarrassment.

Beside the female disciples of Hundred Spirit Sect, there were a few more graceful and elegant middle-aged women. They were evidently the senior figures of Hundred Spirits Sect, and were led by a woman in a long verdant palace dress. She was beautiful and elegant, a jade hairpin on her hair that was rolled up in a bun, fair skin, and was clearly a rare beauty when she was young. She projected a natural dignity and power, and should be an important person of the Hundred Spirits Sect.

A middle-aged woman was whispering to eldest senior sister and Liu Ruxin.

Just at this moment——

On the battlefield.

Boom!

In the midst of the light noises, Ye Qingyu felt his chest slightly shaking.

He knew that, it was the Thunder and Lightning protective power of the chaotic thunder liquid being destroyed by White Lotus Immortal Sword.

The moonlight-like sword qi, the next moment, struck solidly at the body of Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu gave a slight frown.

A tremendous power interrupted the rhythm of his punch.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 522:


And the resulting chain reaction from thisS caused his fist strength and momentum to be completely severed, the White Lotus Sword rain battering his body.

To this day, Ye Qingyu had only fused with three drops of the chaotic thunder liquid. Although the thunder liquid was cultivated by the Lightning and Thunder Emperor in the past, contained the power of chaos, but based on the number it was slightly too little. Under the bombardment of the White Lotus Immortal Sword’s killing strikes, he could only support for about three or four breaths of time, before finally completely collapsing.

The endless dazzling fatal sword qi was constantly pounding on Ye Qingyu’s body.

His figure was instantly submerged and seemed to be strangled into ashes.

The battle was coming to a close.

“He is also regarded as a genius, but unfortunately had to go against my Greater One Sect. Under the White Lotus Immortal Sword, he cannot escape from the fate of annihilation.”

Chen Shaohua’s sword paused slightly as he said aloud.

The fact that he could withstand for such a long time under the White Lotus Immortal Sword, and was still so young, made him have a little admiration for the successor of Thunder and Lightning Sect.

There were several loud sighs around the lake.

A new talent was born, but unfortunately the person that he first challenged was too strong, and he was finally ended.

If the descendant of the Thunder and Lightning Sect was not so impatient to challenge Chen Shaohua, but slowly honed his skills for a few years, he would have radiated a more dazzling brilliance.

Unfortunately it was too late.

The crowd began to disperse.

At this moment——

“Is this the power of the White Lotus Immortal Sword? That’s too disappointing.”

A slightly hoarse but very firm voice sounded out from the scattering silver brilliance.

Then Ye Qingyu’s blurred body, in the eyes of all, gradually became visible.

By the lake, the disappointed sisters of the Hundred Spirits Sect instantly become alive and could barely contain their happiness.

He did not die.

He was alive.

Under the endless fatal blows of the White Lotus sword qi, he had miraculously survived.

There were numerous white marks across his body and some parts of his skin were broken, but there was only less than half a finger deep scars, and it had not even wounded his bones.

At this moment, Xiao Yunlong’s face had turned ashy, thoroughly petrified, and the evil expression on his face had frozen, a laughing and crying expression, like an ugly clown.

Those pretentious and arrogant geniuses who had intended to leave suddenly stopped and looked back to the lake with an expression of astonishment and shock, not less than that of Xiao Yunlong. And what made everyone more flabbergasted was that his clothes, the silver trousers and the pair of white boots, surprisingly were not the slightest bit damaged, still fully covering his body.

There was no cry of surprise.

Because everyone was utterly stunned by such an unbelievable result, that their mind had gone blank, and their line of thought was a bit disconnected.

A deathly silence.

Even the experts of the older generation that came because of the news also revealed a look of disbelief.

Almost in the minds of all, there was only the word ‘impossible’.

In this world, besides the martial arts emperor, it was impossible for someone to defend against the White Lotus Immortal Sword with their physical body and not die. After all, it was a divine weapon.

In the midst of all the consternation, the first one to react was Chen Shaohua.

Seeing his opponent forcibly resisted his [White Lotus Sword Attack] and remain uninjured, he immediately realized that he was in trouble.

As expected.

Ye Qingyu’s lips curved into a proud smile, his scars began healing at a speed visible to the naked eye and in a flash there was not the slightest trace remaining. Standing on the bottom of the dried up lake, he slightly squat down and suddenly exerted force onto the ground. There was a loud bang, an explosion of air current, as though a hole had been blasted on the lake bottom, but his body was catapulted up like a fire meteor.

His imposing manner at this moment was difficult to describe.

His speed at this moment also could not be captured at all.

As though a humanoid divine weapon, Ye Qingyu’s body was directly tearing the air, instantly coming to before Chen Shaohua.

It was a fist as before.

He threw out a punch.

The clenched fist transformed into a dragon claw, the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] being silently activated, and shrouded by the strong light of the purple lightning. No one noticed such a change.

The light within a radius of dozens of meters was distorted by this single punch.

Chen Shaohua, even though he was a talented genius, under such a punch, also could not react in time.

“Che...”

He wanted to condense his sword aura.

But before his words had finished, before he had completed his sword hand seal, the fist had already reached in front of him.

The White Lotus Immortal Sword was just in time as he subconsciously shielded his chest.

And then he was... defeated!

“Uh... Pfff!”

Chen Shaohua vomited out blood.

An abundant and formidable force spread out through the White Lotus Immortal Sword body.

Chen Shaohua could only feel that his body had been shattered by the power of a demon god, there was no room to fight back. He opened his mouth and gushed out arrows of blood, the tendon in his hand was fractured, the hand that was clasping the sword was almost shaken to blood and flesh, and he could no longer hold onto the White Lotus Immortal Sword, letting it shoot up into the sky...

Chen Shaohua's body, like a line-broken kite, dropped from the void.

By the lake, a dragon-like figure soared, catching the falling and vomiting blood Chen Shaohua.

Ye Qingyu’s body, with that strike, bounced up again, reaching out his hand and grasped the White Lotus Immortal Sword. Then with a thud, like a rock, he landed on the lakeside.

Crash.

The surrounding crowd scattered in the first moments.

The vicious qi and invincible spirit all over Ye Qingyu had not dispersed, and if too close, would sense his explosive fighting spirit and crazy power.

At this time, the gazes that looked at Ye Qingyu were completely different from those at the beginning of the Enlightenment Tea Party.

No one dared to look at him with disdain.

No one dared to think of him as a nobody.

This one battle had completely proved everything.

Strength was always the only criterion in the world.

The crowd slowly dispersed.

Under the support of a few Greater One Sect experts, [Sword Leaves No Person] Chen Shaohua appeared on the opposite side, pale and extremely weak.

During a short duration of silence, he looked at Ye Qingyu with a complex gaze.

His first defeat in decades was unexpectedly against a nobody.

This made the arrogant him unable to accept the truth.

But it was the truth.

After a period of silence, Chen Shaohua gritted his teeth, “Return the sword to me.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 523:


Chapter 543, The imposing attitude of an authority

Return your sword?

Ye Qingyu burst out laughing.

Was that Chen Shaohua beaten stupid or something, he spoke such childish words.

Ye Qingyu clasped the White Lotus Immortal Sword in one hand, gently running his finger across the sword body.

A very subtle feeling.

But he could clearly feel that the sword was indeed marvelous, containing a frightening power, like that of a deity.

This was the first time that Ye Qingyu held a divine-level weapon, he couldn’t help feeling slightly apprehensive.

Such a weapon really was a slaughtering blade of heaven and earth.

Even if one was unable to activate the true power within the White Lotus Immortal Sword, and was simply used as an ordinary weapon, an accomplished Bitter Sea expert wouldn’t be able to withstand one sword strike and even divine iron would most likely be severed like mud.

It was indeed a uniquely good sword.

It was a pity that such a divine sword fell in the hands of Chen Shaohua.

Although he cultivated in White Lotus Sword Sect’s techniques, his inner yuan operates with Greater One Sect’s mantra, so it was impure.

And now, holding the divine sword in his hands, and comparing it to the spectacles of the battle before, Ye Qingyu vaguely felt that Chen Shaohua did not display the true power of this sword during their battle.

Otherwise, he would not have only suffered physical injury.

He flicked his finger and the White Lotus Sword body slightly shook.

Buzz.

Like a thread-like blade vibrating incessantly, producing melodious sounds of the growl of a tiger and roar of a dragon, it made one palpitate.

Ye Qingyu carefully admired the sword and did not return the White Lotus Immortal Sword in the first moment.

Opposite.

Someone was already impatient.

“Why are you not returning the White Lotus Immortal Sword?” Among the crowd, Xiao Yunlong summoned up the courage to step out, clenched his teeth and shouted coldly, “Little trash, you’re not thinking of taking possession of our Greater One Sect’s divine weapon, right?”

He knew. He knew that he needed to do something to salvage the situation.

Ye Qingyu shot a glance at that buffoon clown, and did not speak.

“Little friend, today you won. In our Human Race of Clear River Domain, there is another genius, this is something to celebrate.” A white-haired elder, who was supporting Chen Shaohua and should occupy a high position in Greater One Sect, said with an insincere smile, “But young people should know how to handle a situation appropriately, you won the reputation, and that is enough. Don’t be too greedy, and avoid making a mistake.”

“Pah, I don’t want to hear from such a shameless old thing.” Hu Bugui came over in huge strides.

The Great Thief stood at the side of Ye Qingyu, a ridiculing expression on his bearded face.

“A divine weapon should naturally be reserved for the capable, our Brother Tian Huang, since he has defeated this bullshit Great Hua Peak successor, then he is more capable than you, more worthy of possessing this sword. Haha, since it is a martial arts battle, then there should be some sort of reward, this broken sword, although ordinary, but reluctantly is worthy of my Brother Tian Huang. You have lost, yet still want it back, Pah Pah Pah, do you have any shame?”

The white-haired expert’s face was twisted in anger.

But Chen Shaohua was more furious, and spat out a mouthful of blood.

If it was only injuries caused by pure physical strength, then with Chen Shaohua’s cultivation base, he naturally could instantly recover his flesh.

But Ye Qingyu’s earth-shaking fist from before contained the power of chaos and thunder. So even until now, there were still remnants of the Thunder and Lightning power within Chen Shaohua's body, constantly destroying his body. This sort of internal injury was the most terrifying, as well as needing the most time to dispel.

At this moment, someone began to speak.

“I am Path Seeking Sect’s Gu Yuntian, I couldn’t help standing up to say a few words.” A young man with a pale complexion and an ink-blank Taoist robe stood out, saying in a righteous tone of voice. “At the beginning of the challenge, both sides did not say anything about a prize, so there is no compensation, not to mention that it was Little Brother Tian Huang that insulted Greater One Sect first. He was at fault first, senior brother Shaohua just wanted to win back some respect for Greater One Sect. He lost because his cultivation is not enough or he made a careless mistake, there is no need to be so aggressive. White Lotus Immortal Sword belongs to Greater One Sect, Brother Tian Huang should not be too greedy.”

“That’s right, there are many geniuses in this world, but excessive strength on steel can easy fracture. Don't let a little success cloud your eyes. Sooner or later you will die young, without you knowing.” Another young descendant of another sect said coldly, his voice carried a tone of threat.

“The Thunder and Lightning Sect is a little sect, how is it worthy of having such divine weapon?”

“Return it, an innocent man can get into trouble from possessing a treasured item, you would only bring fatal disaster to you and your sect.”

There were people of other sects that spoke up.

In today's battle, although Ye Qingyu defeated Chen Shaohua and would became famous across the world, but he was only one person. The Thunder and Lightning Sect was not well known, while Greater One Sect was a super large sect that had existed for thousands of years, the real colossus. So at this moment, many sects would still choose to stand on the side of the Greater One Sect.

In a short while, Ye Qingyu had become a greedy villain, condemned by thousands.

Xiao Yunlong, upon seeing this, sneered coldly.

The white-haired elder, Chen Shaohua, and other people also revealed a disdainful and arrogant expression.

Hu Bugui simply did not care, fumed, “A group of fawning lowly people, you want to reason with me? Don't you know that I am a robber and never ask for reason? Brother Tian Huang, this sword is what you deserve, if you want it then don’t worry and take it. At worst I will defend you and destroy this Greater One Peak, would I really be afraid of this group of things that think they are righteous.”

When these insulting words came out, Hu Yuntian and the other people immediately had a drastic change of expression, like they were slapped across the face several times.

Nan Tieyi did not say a word, and just gently stood by Ye Qingyu’s side.

This step, however, was enough to show his stance.

Only Liu Shaji, had a strange look on his face. He seemed to be thinking of something, his attention was not here at all.

The atmosphere, in this instant, was even more tense than the battle before.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu burst out into loud laughter, shaking his head, “Your treasure, I can throw it away like an old shoe... It’s just a divine weapon, it’s not an Emperor weapon. But seeing so many interesting faces, it’s really funny... How would our Lightning and Thunder Sect want your White Lotus Immortal Sword? Haha, brother Hu is right, it’s just a broken sword, I wouldn’t take a glance at it even if you give me it.”

With that, he casually threw it away.

The famous White Lotus Immortal Sword was thrown away like rubbish by Ye Qingyu.

Chen Shaohua subconsciously reached out, catching the White Lotus Immortal Sword.

But following Ye Qingyu’s words, even with the divine sword in his hands, his heart had not regained the slightest degree of happiness. Instead there was a wave of melancholy, an inexpressible discontent.

Ye Qingyu shook his head as he looked him with a slightly pitied gaze, “The path of martial arts cultivation is long, and the strength of a martial artist, lies in itself, not the weapon. Although you hold a divine sword, you were still defeated by my fist; without a divine weapon, I am still invincible. Haha, deeply engrossed in external tools, you pick up the sesame seeds but overlook the watermelons, you concentrate on trivial matters and neglect important ones... yet you still claim to be a genius. Ha, ha, pitiful, really pitiful.”

“You...” Chen Shaohua’s fury rose sharply once more, his figure tottering with rage, swaying side to side, then a sweet taste came to his throat and suddenly sprayed out a mouthful of blood.

The other people around him were embarrassed and couldn’t help gasping in surprise.

This successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect was too sarcastic that Chen Shaohua was completely humiliated yet couldn’t refute. He most likely would be done with an illness from his anger.

But there were some who could not help but lower their head and begin to ponder.

The words of the Thunder and Lightning Sect’s successor, of course, were mere pretense, but he really had a point.

At his age, to be able to easily discard the White Lotus Immortal Sword, and to say such words, his spirit and attitude were extraordinary. The size of a structure cannot be faked. It can be imagined that, as long as this boy does not die young, he will surely become a martial arts authority of a generation.

Comparing both sides, the people of Greater One Sect could be said as suffering a double loss after trying to harm the enemy, one by one they were left speechless with rage.

After a short while.

Chen Shaohua greatly suppressed his embarrassment. He reached out to wipe the blood on his mouth, and said in a resentful tone, “Tian Huang, today you won, but this is not finished, 10 days later, when the Sword Storm meeting begins, on the Storm platform, do you dare to fight me again?”

“The challenge of life and death on the Storm platform?” Ye Qingyu said with a forced smile.

“That’s right, a battle of life and death, fight to death on the Storm platform, Tian Huang do you dare?” Chen Shaohua, like a red-eyed gambler, spoke with a mildly insane tone. “

At his side, the white-haired elder and the other disciples, upon hearing these words, had their eyes suddenly lighting up.

That’s was a good idea.

Although they lost today’s battle, they could still fight back their position on the Storm platform.

How deep was the foundation of the Greater One Sect, how much treasured objects and secret cultivation skills did they possess. In 10 days, as long as Chen Shaohua was given a divine armour, or taught a secret cultivation technique, or even given some divine pills that improved cultivation, it can make Chen Shaohua’s strength rise dramatically in this short period of time. At that time, on the Storm platform, killing that Tian Huang would be no longer a difficult task, and the fame and glory that he lost today will be won back several times.

In this way, everything was perfectly settled.

Hu Bugui's face darkened and was about to say something, when Ye Qingyu pulled him back, smiling slightly and shaking his head.

Then he turned to look at Chen Shaohua, “Fine, you want to fight, then let’s fight again, in 10 days, on the Storm platform, I will wait for you.”

Chen Shaohua felt relieved upon hearing his words. There was a gloating and gloomy light in his eyes, and under the support of the white-haired elder and the Greater One Sect experts of the older generation, he turned away.

“Little bastard, just you wait, you are dead.”

Xiao Yunlong hurriedly followed behind the white-haired expert and the others, fearing that Ye Qingyu would again give him trouble. But after walking hundreds of steps away, perhaps he had already felt that he was safe, turned around, glared resentfully at Ye Qingyu, and left behind these words.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 524:


Chapter 544, News of Xing’er

Ye Qingyu did not bother with this clown.

Sooner or later, he would find a chance to crush this guy.

But now the most important thing was the safety of Yu Xiaoxing, and once he saved Xing’er, Ye Qingyu would never let Greater One Sect stand so steadily.

Now that the situation had developed to this extent, the Enlightened Tea Party was finally over.

The crowd dispersed in twos and threes.

Originally, everyone came for the [Great Dao Sentient Flower], but it was clear that the battle between Tian Huang and Chen Shaohua, was the biggest discovery and surprise of the Enlightened Tea Party.

Everyone understood that, after this battle, Thunder and Lightning Sect’s Tian Huang, these six words, would most likely grow wings and spread widely across Greater One Peak.

Becoming famous after one battle.

From today onwards, the major sects and forces would most likely have to research about the Thunder and Lightning Sect.

The dispersing crowd was discussing spiritedly.

“Pass the message, we need to investigate that Thunder and Lightning Sect, perhaps we can become friends.”

“Tell people to prepare a gift, I will go see Tian Huang.”

“Investigate that Thunder and Lightning Sect.”

“Haha, interesting.”

……

……

On the road back to the rear peak of Greater One Peak.

Hu Bugui was very energetic.

“Sigh, Brother Tian Huang, you are so reckless, that is the White Lotus Immortal Sword, a real divine weapon, how could you so casually return it like that,” Hu Bugui said in a slightly annoyed tone. “You won, that is your loot, you have the right to keep it, and if you really do not want the White Lotus Immortal Sword to hinder you on your martial arts path, then you can always give to your friends... For example me, this big brother who stands up for justice.”

Ye Qingyu was a bit speechless, “That would harm you instead, Greater One Sect will hunt you down to take back the sword.”

Hu Bugui burst out laughing, “Why would I be afraid, when you're covered with lice, you don't itch. When you're up to your ears in debt, you stop worrying. I am a robber, I cheat and steal, more than half of the people of Clear River Domain are my enemies, do I need to care about that Greater One Sect?”

Ye Qingyu took his clothes from Old Fish, beginning to feel a little curious about this Great Thief.

According to reason, a guy who’s so arrogant like Hu Bugui and who had angered so many people, he should have been beaten to death thousands of times already, but he was unbelievably still alive and well. Either he is exaggerating his so-called enemies, or that he is very strong, strong enough that none of those forces could touch him so easily.

But he was clearly lacking the demeanour of a matchless expert.

He was a little hard to see through, a little hard to read.

“Haha, clever disciple, you’ve become famous, you did well. I have not thought that I could enhance the fame of Thunder and Lightning Sect through challenging the people in the tea garden. You are one step ahead of Master, haha, you really are a scheming man, haha.” Old Fish was also very excited, saying eagerly, “I can already foresee the wonderful picture of our Thunder and Lightning Sect being revitalized, hahaha. If I make a board that says I am accepting disciples then many people would come for the fame and crying to join our Thunder and Lightning Sect, right? Hahaha.”

Ye Qingyu was more speechless at this old man than Hu Bugui.

Nan Tieyi surprisingly answered in a serious tone of voice, “Today’s battle, Brother Tian Huang will definitely become famous, and the Thunder and Lightning Sect had won the first battle. If you formally open the sect and recruit disciples, there should be a lot of people enrolling.”

Ye Qingyu stared in helpless disbelief, “Brother Nan you really believe this old thing, I can guarantee that he definitely does not have any good intention.”

“No? Did elder not say that the revitalization of the Thunder and Lightning Sect is his lifelong ambition.” Nan Tieyi looked surprised.

Before his voice faded.

He could hear Old Fish muttering to himself, “Haha, if I receive 10 kilograms of Origin crystal as entry fee, then with 1000 disciples, I will be rich, hahaha.”

Nan Tieyi, “...”

This time even Hu Bugui was a little speechless, “Damn, this old cross-eyed is greedier than me, 10 kg of Origin crystal from one disciple, why don't you go rob instead?”

Nan Tieyi seemed to have thought of something, added, “Brother Tian Huang, today’s battle you have amazed everyone. In the next several days, I fear some situation will appear. In Clear River Domain, relationships between people are fickle, many people once famous, will indulge themselves in a life of luxury, become careless and lose their mind. You must control yourself.”

Ye Qingyu knew the successor of Immortal God Emperor Sect was sincerely advising himself, nodded as thanks, “Life on this world, there is happiness and hatred, as long as the heart has the right thoughts, and not forget your conscience, then the charms of the world is nothing but a kind of sharpening. There is no need to care too much. Many times, patience and avoidance can put one out of trouble, but it is not the best way to solve a problem.”

When Nan Tieyi heard this, he couldn’t help looking at Ye Qingyu seriously.

His exquisite mind immediately understood the meaning behind Ye Qingyu’s words. “So brother Tian Huang has noticed my trouble.” He sighed, not saying anything.

Ye Qingyu of course did not continue.

There were some things that should be left unsaid.

If you say more, it would instead give half the result despite double the effort, and ruin something instead.

……

Back at the residence of the rear peak of Greater One Peak, Ye Qingyu returned to his room for a temporary rest.

The purpose of the battle against Chen Shaohua today was, one, to vent his anger and show them his existence, and two, to confirm his cultivation results during the days training in that Underground Moonlight Immortal Palace. So that he could understand the difference in strength between him and real experts of Clear River Domain.

And the result obviously made Ye Qingyu very satisfied.

In the state of his incomplete consciousness, he found the most suitable way to fight.

Chaotic thunder liquid and his strong physical body, these two forces have achieved the most perfect combination. Coupled with the [True Will of the Sky Dragon], he, in one move, defeated Chen Shaohua who was wielding the divine weapon White Lotus Immortal Sword.

This also gave Ye Qingyu immense confidence. He now had a much clearer speculation on where his present strength is placed in the whole Clear River Domain.

He had more confidence in what were to be done in his next plan.

Looking outside at the darkened sky, Ye Qingyu felt a little anxious.

“That silly dog, I told him to investigate the whereabouts of Xing’er, but he has been gone for half a day, he should have been back now. Why is he not here, has that guy ran off to somewhere to eat? Or was he lured away by a female dog of Greater One Sect?” Thinking of the silly dog’s unreliable performance in the past, Ye Qingyu couldn’t help feeling a little worried and his head aching.

He waited for another moment, but the dog still had not returned. Ye Qingyu had to restrain the anxiety in his heart, beginning to cultivate.

He was savouring and summarizing the gains and losses of today’s battle.

Time slowly went by.

A sudden gust of breeze swept into the room.

A white shadow, like a bolt of lightning, came out of the void, pouncing onto Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu opened his eyes, with no response, and immediately was knocked to the floor by this white shadow.

A big lump of white furry thing immediately lay in the arms of Ye Qingyu, twisting and turning playfully, “Woof, Master, Woof is back, haven't seen you for such a long time, Woof misses you.”

Now silly dog Little Nine was already the size of a regular large dog, and probably even a little heavier, but he was now pressing on Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu really did not know whether to laugh or cry.

He grabbed the neck of the dog and lifted him up, “It’s only been half a day... you miss me, but why are you twisting and turning in my arms, why do I feel you want to steal something. To tell you the truth, all my valuable things are in the copper cauldron, don’t even think of stealing it.”

“Oh, you should have said so earlier.” Silly dog looked disappointed, but still denied it. “Woof just misses Master. Master you gauge the heart of a gentleman with your own mean measure.”

Ye Qingyu could not bother talking nonsense with him. He directly asked, “Found any signs of Xing’er?”

Sily dog Little Nine repeatedly nodded, “Of course, there is nothing that Little Nine can’t find.”

“How is she?” Ye Qingyu asked, overjoyed.

“Well, before talking about that Crown Prince girl, Master did you forget something?”  Silly dog Little Nine leaned closer, shaking his tail and stretching out his tongue.

Ye Qingyu stared blankly and then immediately understood his meaning.

This thing wanted the reward that was agreed on before.

“Damn, I raised a stupid thing, it is like raising a father.” Ye Qingyu furiously took out a bowl of God-level origin liquid from the [Cloud Top Cauldron], giving it to the dog to drink.

This is God-level origin liquid, even many Heaven Ascension experts do not have such a treasure, but he was now feeding it to a dog.

It's a waste, a sin.

After it finished drinking the God-level origin liquid, silly dog Little Nine licked his mouth satisfyingly. “Woof, Crown Prince girl is locked in the ninth floor of Greater One Peak underground prison. This dungeon had been strengthened with formations by the past first expert of Greater One Sect, there are most likely hundreds of layers, and it is suppressed by a variety of sacred material, especially the ninth floor of the dungeon. It also seems that it is sealed by Greater One Sect’s divine formation [Eight Immortal Emperors Formation]. This formation, seems to be one of the four strongest formations of Clear River Domain, Woof spent a lot of effort to go in...”

“Get to the key point,” Ye Qingyu said directly.

“Master, you are so impatient.” Silly dog Little Nine was obviously irritated by the fact that his exaggeration was interrupted, that his wording was a bit improper, but he still obediently continued, “The key point is that, now it is difficult to save the Crown Prince girl. Even I also dare not stay long in that place, to avoid being found by people of Greater One Sect.”

Once Ye Qingyu finished listening, he did not say a word for a long while.

From the description of silly dog Little Nine, he was able to know the current situation of Yu Xiaoxing.

According to some of the information before, after the questioning via torture was ineffective, the Greater One Sect attempted to use soul searching techniques to search the sea of memory of Yu Xiaoxing. Unfortunately, because of the fact that Yu Xiaoxing was the Crown Prince of Heaven Wasteland Domain’s Snow Empire, and possess the imperial qi, the soul searching technique was also ineffective. So they invited the Demon Palace, Nangong family, the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect and other top forces, hoping to gather the sacred weapons of the major forces to break Yu Xiaoxing’s imperial qi, and then search her memory.

Now Yu Xiaoxing had become Greater One Sect’s biggest gambling chip, therefore she was guarded and watched over so strictly.

So it seems that Xing’er was safe for the time being.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

