Chapter 617:


Chapter 635, Test the sky and the land



After a moment of surprise, Ye Qingyu understood who the person that Yu Junqing was talking about.



He also realized why the insignificant Yu clan that emerged back then ultimately did not choose to appear in Heaven Wasteland Domain as a sect or a clan, but directly founded a martial arts dynasty, established an army, and set up the military, and the leader of the Yu clan ruled the world as the emperor of the Human Race...

If the existence who founded the Light Palaceand facilitated the emergence of the Yu clan also held the same belief as him, then everything would happen without extra effort.

What Ye Qingyu was surprised with was that he had the same idea as that person.



What was surprising was that one hunded years ago, someone had thought of this and carried it out.

Even to today, the Snow Empire was still incredibly powerful in Heaven Wasteland Domain, pressuring the Hurricane Demon Court, the Northwest and Northeast Brute Royal Courts, and Snow Ground Demon Court to the point that they were unable to breathe. And even led the latter three that were originally just disorganized clans to advance to the establishment of an imperial court in order to stand against Snow Empire. It was only by doing so that they survived, and it was clear that the idea of that person was correct and received acknowledgement.



It was also by embarking on such a road that the structure of power of the current Heaven Wasteland Domain was not as chaotic as that of Clear River Domain and had maintained relative peace for nearly one hundred years.



Ye Qingyu felt that, although he should not so arbitrarily form an opinion, there certainly must be a connection with the establishment of the military.



“You two indeed have the same blood running through your body.” Yu Junqing smiled.



Ye Qingyu did not respond to this sentence.



It was for the same reason as before, he still was not sure about his background.



Yu Junqing gulped down another cup of wine, and then suddenly remembered something. “To tell the truth, seeing you grow so fast, I am really very happy. The last time you left, sister asked Lin Zheng to give you a jade scroll, you should have seen it, right?”



Ye Qingyu shook his head slightly.

“Huh?” Yu Junqing looked surprise. “Such an important thing, why have you not looked at it?”



Ye Qingyu was silent for a moment before he responded, “Perhaps I... was too busy.”



Even if Yu Junqing was a fool, she could tell that this was a lie.



The intelligent her suddenly realized something. She remembered Ye Qingyu’s reaction every time she mentioned the mystery of his identity, Yu Junqing’s red lips opened and wanted to say something, but for some reason she eventually still did not say anything.



“If you have time, open it.” She finally smiled lightly and said, “Maybe it's not what you think.”



Ye Qingyu nodded.



Yu Junqing no longer wanted to be entangled in this issue and suddenly changed topics, “Today I have some things to deal with, let’s talk about it another day.” As she was speaking she had already turned around and headed directly towards the outside.



Ye Qingyu hurriedly rose and saw her off.



Coming to the door of the hall, Yu Junqing took another glimpse at Ye Qingyu. “I think you will go to the Imperial Ancestral Temple again soon?”



Ye Qingyu looked at her astounded, not knowing how she had guessed, but he also did not conceal anything from her. Nodding, he replied, “Yes, I was planning to go in a few days.”



Yu Junqing nodded. “That's good, when you come back from the offering temple, I'll come see you again. There is a more important matter I need to consult with you.”



Before her voice faded away.



Swoosh.



The First Princess of the Empire turned into a stream of light, disappearing in the distant sky.



A more important matter?



Ye Qingyu thoughtfully gazed in the direction of where the First Princess disappeared, knitted his brows in a slight frown, and was silent for a long while.



Then, he left the side palace hall, strolling towards the Light Palacefloating above the Underground Fire Spirit Spring Sword Pit.



He wanted to verify something.



The square black stone palace was still suspended above the underground fire spring, and the white slates extending down from the palace door to the ground were still exuding a glowing luster.

Ye Qingyu looked at the lifelike statues before the stone steps and the imposing-looking monkey statue.



After the battle of Light City, the spirit of the stone monkey had not appeared. When will it be restored?



Ye Qingyu was trying to send out wisps of thoughts to communicate with it.



However, no response was received.



“Is the monkey still sleeping?” he mumbled to himself.

During that battle, the stone monkey fell into a slumber because of the excessive energy consumed, but it had been over six months since and he still had not awakened.



“Nevermind, I'll just wait until he wakes up to talk to him again.”



After that, Ye Qingyu slowly walked up the stairs.



The robe on him fluttered from the steam and heat of the underground fire spring.



Feeling the roaring fire elements, Ye Qingyu felt somewhat emotional.



Recalling his first time coming here, his face unconsciously took on a faint smile.



After a few moments.

Ye Qingyu was already on the last level of the stone steps, standing at the ten-meter-long corridor entrance of the stone palace.

He walked slowly through the ten-meter-long corridor, and everything in the stone palace, was as it was before.



The main hall exuded a white jade-like luster, and that ‘pin’ character was on the stone tables, chairs and beds of the palace like before.



Ye Qingyu stroked the jade stone table and a long-lost warmth came to his fingertips.



“Although I already vaguely felt the laws of heaven and earth and the power of the domain changing before, but now, the upper limit of the domain was not clear. I need to give a good test to know. Then I will have more confidence with the following matters.”



As he pondered, he already had a plan in mind.



Subconsciously, Ye Qingyu sat cross-legged and fell into a meditative state on the stone bed.



He slowly released his consciousness power.



The consciousness power that was as vast as the ocean, like a tide, moved towards the center of the Light Palace, spreading out in all directions.

Almost in a flash, the scene of the Snow capital was vividly floating in his mind.



The bustling Snow capital was as it was in the past. The capital city that was illuminated by light at night was like the starry sky, shining and bright, and the specks of stars in the sky seemed to be a backdrop of the city.



Ye Qingyu calmly felt the aura in the sky. A secret mystical power was flowing in the sky.



He really felt that the power of laws of Heaven Wasteland Domain had changed, but for the time being the extent of the change was still unclear.



“The power that Heaven Wasteland Domain can withstand had increased. The power of Heaven Ascension is no longer restrained, but what if it was the power of the Immortal Step boundary?”

Ye Qingyu decided to really test it out.



He activated the nameless breathing technique and gradually released his power.



Before returning to Heaven Wasteland Domain, he restrained his strength at the peak of the Bitter Sea stage. But now, he had the intention to test the reaction of the sky and land. So with one thought, he increased his strength to the lower level of the low stages of the Heaven Ascension boundary.



The imposing manner around Ye Qingyu body's suddenly climbed a level. The air around rippling out circles of invisible waves, scattering about.



A tremendous force encircled Ye Qingyu, gradually filling the space of the stone palace.



The stars in the clear night sky were calm and indifferent, and did not produce any changes.

Ye Qingyu smiled and continued to enhance his strength.



The imposing manner around his body was more and more vigorous, like the tide, waves upon waves were spreading outward.

The air pressure inside the stone palace was getting higher and higher and the atmosphere also stopped flowing. It was as if they were squeezed into a transparent semi-solid form, like a



And the imposing manner of Ye Qingyu was constantly climbing!



The middle level of the low stages of Heaven Ascension boundary.



The high level of the low stages of the Heaven Ascension boundary.



The low level of the middle stages of the Heaven Ascension boundary.



Ye Qingyu constantly enhanced his strength until the middle level of the high stages of the Heaven Ascension boundary, and there were no obvious changes between heaven and earth.

......



At the same time.



In Snow capital.



A sun was hung in the western sky.



A faint wisp of cloud had floated over from some unknown place, and the crescent moon seemed to be covered by a layer of veil, becoming hazy.



The breeze was blowing, but the mist did not dissipate with the wind.

As though trying to blow away that wisp of cloud from the pale red sunset, the wind seemed to be gradually growing stronger.



At first the leaves were only slightly swaying, and then even the branches swung with the wind.

“Gee, why is the wind getting stronger, it's strange.”

On one of the main roads of Snow capital, an old man with a walking stick was walking against the wind.



The increasing wind force made it strenuous for him to walk. Despite leaning on a walking stick he was somewhat unsteady.



“Grandfather, the wind is a little strong, I'll hold you as you walk.”



Beside the old man, a fifteen- or sixteen-year-old youngster in cloth robes was supporting the old man by the arm.



In the stone palace.



Ye Qingyu continued to try to climb to the higher level of the higher stages of the Heaven Ascension boundary, that is, the peak of the Heaven Ascension boundary.



The moment he stepped into the peak of the Heaven Ascension, the clouds and wind of the world began to change.

The clear sky of the Snow capital was suddenly faintly covered with dense clouds, blurring the moonlight, and a huge shadow was projected on the ground.



Like waves, clouds surged above the Snow capital, and a subtle hidden force loomed over the layers of clouds.



“Huh? It has begun to change. It seems, it will soon reach the limits of the domain!



Ye Qingyu halted the enhancement of his strength, quietly sensing the surging of power in the sky and the corner of his lips curved upwards in a slight smile.



With one thought he vanished from the stone palace



The invisible pressure in the stone palace suddenly dissipated and the air began to flow again.



The next moment.



Rumble.



Strange changes appeared in the western sky, thousands of miles from the Snow capital.



In the sky, thick clouds were suddenly rolled up, blotting out the sky, and were rolling like waves during a hurricane, and like ancient beasts roaring in the sky.



The leaden clouds that filled the sky were whirling rapidly and countless bolts of tremendous lightning tore through the thick clouds, like thick gold light beams shooting into the ground from above. Like countless tangled old roots hanging in the sky, the whole world was illuminated by the gold lightning, and the dark night was lit up like it was daytime.



The air could not withstand the destructive power. Where the gold lightning passed, a thousands- of-meter-long narrow space-time crack almost tore the sky into pieces!



Thunderous roars fell incessantly on the ear, as though there was a destructive aura exploding from the west of the sky and spreading outwards----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 618:


Chapter 636, All sides alarmed



For a while, the entire Snow capital was shaken by this incredibly strange scene.

Whether it was martial artists, ordinary people, or the countless creatures in the Snow capital, all were astonished to see the strange scene in the west of the sky. Their heart was pulled by the invisible majestic power and suddenly tightened.



“Oh my heavens, what's going on!”



“The aura of the golden lightning is so terrifying!”



“Too terrifying, and the situation is so much like it was a year ago!”



“This is much more frightening than a year ago when the Lord of the Light Palace attracted the divine punishment from suppressing the Fiendgod of a foreign domain.”



“What is this situation, is it the end of the world?”

Numerous people were feeling uneasy.



The outer temple area of the Imperial ancestral land.



Under the eighteen-storey pagoda tower.

A white-browed and white-bearded old monk suddenly snapped awake from a meditative state, casting his eyes over to the west of the sky.



“This... is the force of divine punishment? Someone is suffering a tribulation? Who could it be?”



In a flash, he was already in the sky, overlooking the west.



He released his consciousness power only to feel a tearing force that he could not withstand speeding towards his consciousness power.



In astonishment, he hurriedly withdrew the consciousness power and dared not to investigate again, and had no choice but to watch from a distance.



In the depths of the Imperial Palace.



In a quiet room, a middle-aged man with ash-coloured hair and a serious face awakened from cultivation with a look of shock.



Feeling the astonishing force in the distance, he thought of the news that he received today. He slightly closed his eyes again, as though he understood something, and the shock across his face slightly faded. He then chuckled and shook his head.



“It should be him.”



In the Right Minister’s residence.



The old man who was reading through and evaluating paperwork suddenly snapped the brush in his hand into two. Upon closer inspection, his arm was still slightly trembling.



“Is this power... him?”



Right Minister Lin Zheng slowly set the brush onto the desk, looking to the west.



A cheerful look lit up his eyes.



The Imperial family's offering temple.



Opposite a white-haired, very hale and hearty old man, the stone lion shattered into ashes.



As the first master of the Snow Empire, and revered by the Imperial family, Hu Yu had a look of shock across his face.



He had no time to cover up the fact that he again shattered another stone lion, transformed into a beam of white light, and darted into the sky, distantly surveying the scene in the west.



“Tut tut, this aura... When did an expert of such a level appear in Heaven Wasteland Domain? Such terrifying power, I don't know if he can make it through... hey, I don't know who is getting struck by lightning now!”



Hu Yu drew breath watching the strange scene in the distance, a fighting intent flashing in his mind.



Youyan Pass.



The study of the Pass Lord's residence.



Lu Zhaoge, who was currently discussing business with his successor Ye Congyun, suddenly raised his head with an abrupt change of expression on his face, gazing into the direction of Snow capital. He only felt his heart tightening like he was being pulled by a majestic force, and his fists were involuntarily clenched tight.



There was a look of shock on his face, and his heart was also filled with shock.



The line of sight of the War God of Youyan Pass  was fixed in the direction of the Snow capital with infinite bewilderment.



“Who is it?” In his eyes, flashed across a trace of worry.



In the northwest of the Snow Empire, the Desert Brute Race’s Royal Court.



In the depths of the boundless and desolate desert, under a huge underground palace, faint blue flames were flickering and swaying restlessly.



Sat crossed-legged on a mysterious black platform, a tall and burly figure was suddenly startled.



He had a thick, curled beard on his face, his eyes were deep and an expression of terror was flashing in his green eyes.



Two strange beams of green light shot from his eyes, penetrating the underground palace and desert in the direction of the west of the Snow Empire.

“How could there be such a strong power in Heaven Wasteland Domain?”



In the North of Snow Empire, the Snow Ground Demon Court.

An ice-sculpture-like giant palace was quietly floating over the thousand miles of snowy peaks.



An extreme cold was emitted from the snow-coloured glass palace.



A towering ice tower stood tall among the endless palace rooms like a crane in a flock of chickens.



At the top of the tower.



A white-haired old man dressed in a plain unadorned robe was trembling with his hands on the snow-carved railings.



The old man’s purple pupils were full of astonishment as he looked towardsthe western direction of the Snow Empire.



“What kind of person could have caused such power, who is it!”



The northeast of the Snow Empire, the White Mountains Black Waters Brute Race’s Royal Court.



On an altar that reached into the clouds.



Around a black flame emitting sacred altar, there were skeletons of various beasts scattered around, and a pale black smoke was exuding from the hideous bones.

Burning and raging, black flames were suddenly flashing with uncertainty, almost dying out, and the black flame suddenly burst out a silver dragon shaped flame.



In front of the sacred altar, a lean old man of the Brute Race, dressed in a black robe and with disheveled grey hair, cast his gaze towards the west of the Snow Empire.



The eyes of the brute old man were filled with horror.

The beast skull he used for divination was silently turned to smithereens!



“The silver dragon is born, the danger of the sacred flame! Is the prophecy of my clan really going to come about as predicted?”



The south of the Snow Empire, the Hurricane Demon Court.



The sky was covered with dense clouds, the waves were surging in the sea, and a mournful sounding hurricane was raging like a fierce beast.

Among the sea floor, in the depths of a tremendous colourful crystal-like beautiful palace hall.



A burly middle-aged man was sat on a glistening red throne.

At the back of the man's neck were long golden fins, shining with a faint gold sheen.

His face was as sharp as though carved by a knife, and his wide and expressive eyes had a faint golden colour flowing within.

A majestic aura flowed slowly through his body.

Suddenly.



The man stood up with a slam on the armrest and stared fiercely in the western direction of the Snow Empire.



“Snow Empire!”



His pupils immediately grew smaller, the aura of his body uncontrollably broke out, his exposed skin glowed with a golden brilliance and fine gold scales instantly covered his whole body! At the back of his neck the long golden fins stood up, like a row of sharp steel needles.



After two seconds he took a deep breath and slowly allowed his aura to fad away. The fins on the back of his neck slowly shrank back into the skin, and the gold scales also vanished gradually.



“Heaven Wasteland Domain is going change.”



The long sigh of the man dissipated like misty clouds.

……



Snow Empire.



In the western sky of the Snow Empire.



Bolts of golden lightning were constantly falling from the tumbling mass of clouds, and the deafening clap of thunder spread across tens of thousands of miles. It was endless. It never stopped once. Countless martial arts experts rushed out upon hearing the news, but dared not to near the golden lightning area and only watched from a place of four hundred or five hundred miles away. Every face was twisted with an extremely shocked expression.



In the past nearly one year, because of the changes in Heaven Wasteland Domain's laws of heaven and earth and the power of the domain, increasingly more experts were starting to break through the restriction, and their strength climbed to a new boundary. There were many people stepping into the Heaven Ascension boundary; however, no matter what background an expert was from, the movement during the tribulation had never been as terrifying as it was now.



The tens of thousands of meters of the golden divine lightning calamity area had occupied the entire vault of heaven. The flashes of golden lightning, like a golden sky river was hanging in the sky, makes one palpitate. The barrier walls of the void were all torn, like debris being entangled in a disorderly current!

In the blink of an eye, an hour had past.



The number of experts that came upon receiving the news had reached over one thousand, and every one of them was hiding in the void, vigilantly looking at one another, but most of their attention was projected onto the terrifying golden lightning cloud.

Many of them were top experts that emerged in the last year. Not one of them was not the best in their respective field. Whether it was talent, strength, cultivation, or intelligence, they can be said to be amongst the top of the world. They had seen a myriad of things, but at this moment they still maintained a distance of hundreds of miles from the lightning cloud and dared not come any closer.



“Who is it?”



“How would there be such power in existence... Could it be the strongest expert Hu Yu passing through a tribulation?”



“No, Hu Yu is also not as strong.”



“Is it the old monsters of the ancient age waking up to tribulation?”



“In any case, it is too scary to be the enemy of this person in the future.”



Thoughts flashed through the minds of countless people.



They could faintly see that within the lightning clouds there was a built figure, like that of a fiendgod, effortlessly withstanding against the tribulation lightning. It seemed incomparably easy for him to tear the golden lightning tribulation like taking a shower in the spring rain. This figure was engraved in the mind of every expert, so much so that they will never forget this scene.



Time went by.

The golden lightning gradually subsided, and leaden clouds diffused in the horizon, lingering for a long time.

A few hours later.



The air in the stone palace hall of the Light Palace was suddenly twisted.



With a flash of light, Ye Qingyu's body appeared on the stone bed.

His breathing was steady, his face had a confident and energetic countenance, and his clothes were neat and tidy as before and without the slightest of crease.



“My guess is indeed correct. The capacity that Heaven Wasteland Domain can support has indeed increased, and the limit of power it can withstand is raised up till the Immortal Step boundary. In other words, the Immortal Step boundary experts are absolutely invincible existences in Heaven Wasteland Domain. While the strength of foreign domain experts that come into here will inevitably be suppressed to under the Immortal Step boundary, otherwise it will not be allowed by this expanse of sky and land... In that case, there are many things I can do within the bounds of Heaven Ascension boundary.”

He was pleased with the result.



Returning to the stone chair, Ye Qingyu slightly lifted his right palm, slowly clenched into a fist, feeling his physical strength, and gave a satisfied nod. “Now my strength is too strong, now even the divine punishment of Heaven Wasteland Domain is unable to break open my body defense... and although withstanding the lightning tribulation is dangerous, it is also a huge opportunity. When I was in Clear River Domain I had swallowed and fused with the chaotic thunder liquid, and after this tribulation lightning, it allowed the power of the chaotic thunder liquid to fuse thoroughly with my source energy, and my physical strength has risen another level.”

Slowly, he closed his eyes again, remembering the power of law that he had learnt while resisting the force of the divine punishment with physical strength, and fell into a meditative state again.

Ye Qingyu again began to appreciate the harvest of this time.



Time went by.



……



The next day.



The blazing sun hung high in the clear sky.



In the stone room of the Light Palace.



Ye Qingyu slowly opened his eyes and ended his meditation.



“En? Gao Han?”

The moment he ended his meditation, he sensed someone outside the stone hall.



Before the stone steps, Gao Han was standing in front of the stone monkey statue waiting.

With one thought, Ye Qingyu had already appeared on the suspending steps of the underground fire spring.

Gao Han respectfully bowed to Ye Qingyu.

“Is there something important?” Ye Qingyu indifferently looked at Gao Han and asked.



“Reporting to Palace Lord, the Snow Emperor His Majesty has come out of training, and invited you into the palace to see him,” Gao Han replied.

When Ye Qinhyu heard this, pondered for a moment, and nodded, “En, I understand.” ——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 619:


Chapter 637, Female Emperor or God of War?



Imperial Palace.



Imperial garden.



Ye Qingyu was walking along a little stone-paved path by himself.



On both sides of the winding path were flowers blooming in bright purples and brilliant reds, and a few beautiful butterflies fluttering in the burst of aroma, adding a hint of liveliness.



At the end of the stone path was a white jade pavilion.

In the pavilion was a burly figure standing with his back facing Ye Qingyu.

The Snow Emperor was still wearing a simple white cloth robe, his waist-length hair was tied at the back of his head and the grey in his hair had grown since the last time Ye Qingyu saw him.



Ye Qingyu slowly approached, stopping outside the pavilion.

“I pay respect to His Majesty.”

Ye Qingyu bowed to the rear view of the figure.

The Snow Emperor seemed to have just woken from meditation, turning around slowly.



He wore a faint amiable smile that made all the facial lines on his serious-looking face appear softer.

He had two lines of wrinkles in the corner of his eyes and looked much older than the last time he saw him.

However, even if his brows and hair had become a silver colour, it still could not conceal the charm he had when he was younger and a faint elegance exuded from the inside to the outside.



“Don't be too polite, come and sit.”



Snow Emperor turned to sit on the stone stool in the pavilion, motioning Ye Qingyu to take a seat.

Ye Qingyu slowly walked forward, seating himself opposite of the Snow Emperor.

The him now indeed had the qualification to sit opposite of the Snow Emperor.

He could sense that the aura of the Snow Emperor was a little messy. He understood that it was the internal injury left behind during the battle of the Light Palace, which the Snow Emperor suffered in order to completely seal the Domain Gate of the White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race at the cost of burning his life source.



With the source damaged, even if the Snow Emperor occupied all the treasures and geniuses of the Snow Empire, he still could not restore to his powerful appearance of the past.



Looking at the middle-aged Emperor, who already revealed the state of approaching old age and his breathing was unstable, Ye Qingyu felt a sense of reverence.



“Thank you for bringing Xing’er safely back.” Snow Emperor looked at the young man opposite him in an amiable manner, speaking without the slightest majesty of an Emperor. “The day before when Xing’er came back, she had told me everything that happened in Clear River Domain. I feel very glad to have a genius like you in the Snow Empire.”



“Your Majesty is complimenting me too much, this is what I should do.” Ye Qingyu acted neither humble nor arrogant.



After experiencing the battle of Light City and having met Yu Junhan, Yu Junqing, and the others, for some reason Ye Qingyu was not as reverent to the Human Race Emperor of the Snow Empire as before. He no longer felt that the Emperor was mysterious and high and mighty. Perhaps this had something to do with Ye Qingyu's current martial cultivation and experience.



The Snow Emperor smiled.



Over the next period of time, in this little pavilion, the Snow Emperor was more like a kind elder, telling Ye Qingyu many things. They were all unimportant matters, but he seemed to be very happy.



When the sun shone on the Emperor of the empire, Ye Qingyu had a strange illusion, as if the Emperor who should be at the prime of his life seemed to be somewhat old.



In a twinkling, a few hours had past.



There was no more substantive dialogue, and the conversation finally came to an end.



The Snow Emperor stood up and stretched his shoulders very casually.



Ye Qingyu also hurriedly rose to his feet.

“Do you think the empire needs a female emperor with the blood of the Imperial Yu clan, or a martial arts emperor who can truly reach the peak of perfection?” The Snow Emperor turned around, seemingly asking very casually. “Can Xing'er become a good emperor?”

Ye Qingyu was taken aback. “Hmm?”



The Snow Emperor simply smiled and did not speak anymore.

……



When Ye Qingyu walked the Snow Emperor out of the garden, the clouds at the horizon were already a pale red colour, and the sunset glow gently wrapped the entire Snow capital.



He looked into the distant falling clouds that contrasted with the moonlight, and fell into a trance.

“High Majesty's tone and expression are strange today, and his last remark, is really...” Ye Qingyu shook his head and did not want to dwell on such things.



He walked out of the palace slowly.



“Don't think about other things, the most important matter now is for Heaven Wasteland Domain to resist against the intrusion of other domains and protect the independence of the domain. There are still many problems waiting to be solved, but they also cannot be rushed. Many things are waiting for me to tidy up and plan...”



The next moment.

His figure flashed away, leaving only a wisp of light vanishing with the wind on the stone steps.



……



In the Light Palace.



Ye Qingyu sat cross-legged on the stone bed, operating the nameless breathing technique, entering a meditative state.



But he was not training, rather, he fell into a state of great tranquillity, slowly sorting out a multitude of information and its arrangements.



He sat there throughout the long night.



Suddenly the night faded.



The layers of clouds in the sky gradually faded into a white halo, and rays of dim golden light slowly rose from behind the distant mountains.



The cool breeze awakened the fallen leaves that were glistening with globes of dewdrops in the fire tree woods, producing a rustling sound, as though there was a unique morning tune.

In a small courtyard next to the palace.



Early in the morning, Mother Wu and more than ten kitchen workers had already brought out all the pots and pans, the rhythm of the crisp and neat cutting of vegetables seemed to have created a firework-like atmosphere for Light City.



Ye Qingyu also slowly withdrew himself from the extremely deep meditative state, awakening.



“It seems that we have to rely on support from some sect forces...” He slowly stood up and seemed to have made up his mind.

At this moment-----



“Huh?” Ye Qingyu was in deep thought when suddenly he realized something, his eyes flashed a lightning-like glimmer.



In the Underground Fire Spirit Spring Sword Pit.



A wisp of strange aura passed towards the Light Palace.



“This strange aura, how did I not notice it before?” Ye Qingyu sharply captured a wisp of aura, like a strand of hair in a breeze or like a strand of thread gently brushing past a brook, that was subtly coming from the Underground Fire Spirit Spring Sword Pit below the Light Palace.

He knitted his brows in a slight frown.



“What's going on? This aura... it is definitely the first time it appeared, could there be a change in the sword pit?”

Now it was the time when the situation was most critical. As the important shield of the Snow Empire, nothing can happen to the Light Palace no matter what.



With this thought, he had already jumped into the Underground Fire Spirit Spring Sword Pit.



The fiery atmosphere formed a number of hurricane-like waves that came directly at Ye Qingyu.



The Underground Fire Spirit Spring Sword Pit was originally a world of underground flames.



Back then, the Imperial family and the higher levels of the Snow Empire suppressed the spirits of countless souls and experts of the Heaven Wasteland Domain and other domains in the Underground Fire Spirit Spring Sword Pit. After that battle, although Ye Qingy had been into the sword pit once to cast the [Blood Drinker Sword], but he had not really carefully observed the entire sword pit and the depths of the light treasury.



This time, he planned to dive in and explore.



Once Ye Qingyu entered the sword pit, he did not deliberately sink deeper. Instead he relaxed his body, relying on the natural force and the blast of air of the underground fire to gradually sink into the depths of the sword pit.



He travelled thousands of meters.



Suddenly a purple tongue of flame came licking toward Ye Qingyu's body.



“The flames of this sword pit are a bit different from the last time I came here.” Ye Qingyu looked at the purple flames that instantly swallowed him, a strange expression crossing his face.



The raging purple flames opened its mouth like an ancient beast, devouring everything all the way up.

The purple flames moved violently, and wherever the blazing flame passed, everything around was dyed a purple halo of light that was constantly changing form.

The burning feeling was a hundredfold stronger than ordinary flames. If one were lower than the Bitter Sea stage, they would have been incinerated to ashes at this step.



Ye Qingyu’s current physical cultivation, before transforming into a dragon, was already at the Immortal Step boundary. When his steel-like body was engulfed in the raging flames, it only felt like a feather was gently brushing against his skin.

He passed all the way through the flames and dived about five hundred meters left and right, before steadily falling on the reef-like black rocks above the underground magma.



Landing on the reef, Ye Qingyu exuded a thin layer of violet mist, which flowed slowly and calmly around following his movement. Although seemingly gentle, it formed an invincible protection around him that the intense heat did not have the slightest impact on him.



“After over six months, the remnants of yuan qi and blood stench in the sword pit are as strong as before.” Ye Qingyu stood on the rocks, feeling the five elements qi and bloody aura that rose and fell with the heat wave.



At that battle back then, the countless experts of foreign races and Human Race Jianghu masters were now only a wisp of residual aura in the sword pit magma.

He carefully looked at the magma rolling at his feet and sometimes gushed out a few bubbles.



He released his divine sense to survey the area.



The violently surging magma-like the waves in the sea lifted up a magma wave and slammed it toward the surrounding black cliff. The heavy rumbling of the wave echoed in the sword pit. At this time, Ye Qingyu felt as though he was standing in a bell that had just been struck.



The boundless magma spurted out countless spark-like liquid that splashed everywhere. When it fell on the light purple mist around Ye Qingyu, it instantly evaporated into little wisps of red smoke and dissipated.



“This is?”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 620:


Chapter 638, A familiar voice



Ye Qingyu felt inwardly surprised.



Because the tumbling purple magma surface seemed to be hiding a space formation, and it looked like the entrance of a certain area.

“This formation is really deep and hidden. The last time I came in, I didn’t notice its existence...” The last time Ye Qingyu had came to the sword pit to use the energy of the underground fire spring to activate the [Cloud Top Cauldron] in order to cast the [Blood Drinker Sword]. But at that time he had failed to notice the existence of the hidden space formation.

It should be due to the fact that the last time his consciousness power was imprisoned in the mural space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Therefore his ability to perceive was significantly reduced, and as a result he did not notice this abnormality.



Ye Qingyu observed the surroundings for a while, but he could not feel any fluctuations from the light ripples.

“That wisp of strange aura before should be from here, but there is no more trace. It should be hidden in this space formation, right? It seems that I have not yet thoroughly discovered the secret hidden in the Light Palace. Could it be that there is still some sort of secret not known to anyone, that is hidden inside?”



Ye Qingyu was tempted.



Swoosh!



Like a spirit fish flickering with white light, he leapt straight into the ripples where the magma was.

His figure, of course, did not actually enter the magma, rather into the layer of ripples on the surface of the magma.



The next moment, strange changes took place.

Ye Qingyu felt as though he had fallen into a floating void. He could not feel his own weight, like a piece of autumn leaf fluttering up and down, following the undulations of the void.



After a short period of black nothingness, his feet finally stepped onto solid ground and everything suddenly became clear at once.



The scene before him changed completely.



“Is this the treasure trove in the sword pit?” Ye Qingyu gazed at the surrounding scenery deep in thought.

What he saw was a strange environment filled with dark red light.



The dark red in the void was like a bloody light that heavily oppressed the entire space.



There were heaps of black rocks and remnants of magma everywhere. A stream of surging lava was producing strange sounds of roaring waves, pounding against the rocky high ground. The temperature in the air was suffocating, like he was walking through flames.

And the location where Ye Qingyu was at was similar to an area that was being surrounded by three sides of rock and one side of magma shore.



On the magma shore was a giant flat rock surface that had been gradually polished over a long period of time. The blazing heat was faintly passed through the boots to the soles of the feet.



On the shallows that were constantly being washed and covered by magma waves, there were a number of dried corpses like stranded fish. What was most surprising was that even under such extreme heat, even though subjected to the erosion of the purple magma, these bodies were still not burned into ashes.

“These corpses... hmm, there's more over there.” Ye Qingyu darted his eyes around, taking on a look of shock that was difficult to conceal .



On the endless shallows, were at least twenty to thirty corpses scattered across. Besides the rolling heat wave in the void, there was the fluctuation of faint yuan qi of the five elements.



Upon careful observation, the skin of these dried corpses had already lost its elasticity. All the bodies were a strange shriveled appearance like they had been drained of water. Their faces were sunken in to the extent that they could no longer be identified, but the texture was tougher than steel. It was obvious that these were top experts before and their cultivation was at least in the higher level of the Bitter Sea, which meant they could ensure their body to be undamaged even if they were dead in such an environment.



So many Bitter Sea experts had fallen in this place?

There was shock in Ye Qingyu's mind.



Judging by the appearance and decay of these corpses, they must have been here for at least thirty to fifty  years.



But if it was thirty to fifty years ago, then Heaven Wasteland Domain was not connected with the outside world back then. At that time, Bitter Sea experts were already considered to be top existences in Heaven Wasteland Domain. There were only a small number, but every Bitter Sea expert was famous. With a stomp they can send the Heaven Wasteland Domain trembling. However, many of them were found dead here, why was there no relevant records or stories in the outside world?

Ye Qingyu's mind was full of puzzlement as he walked along the shore.



“These are... huh? The armour on them isn’t damaged, this pattern... it seems they are people of the Crepe Myrtle Sect.” The not fully shriveled up corpses in front of him and the body armour, which were still mostly in good condition, had a special pattern. It was the unique mark of the Crepe Myrtle Sect of the Three Sects and Three Schools of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

He was almost certain that these dried corpses were from the Crepe Myrtle Sect.



“These armours are treasured weapon armours, so even if the essence inside were lost, they will still preserved a certain appearance. But why would the experts of the Crepe Myrtle Sect die here? And the time of death of these people was at least thirty years ago.”



The more Ye Qingyu observed, the more surprised he was.



Something must have happened here, but he did not know what.



Not only did he not know, but everyone most likely also did not know.



Ye Qingyu's complexion turned strange.



He saw that on one of the fingers of a Crepe Myrtle Sect corpses was a storage ring, which although a simple shape, was engraved with the star pattern of the Crape Myrtle Star, flickering with brilliance all over and its spiritual nature unexpectedly was not lost. Faintly, there was a weak energy fluctuating silently.



A thought occurring to him, Ye Qingyu took off the ring from the body.



In the ring there was a space formation seal, which was extremely clever. Even Ye Qingyu failed to open it with his current attainment in the formation arts.



“This ring is not an ordinary object.”



Ye Qingyu very quickly made a judgment. It must be an important treasure of the Crepe Myrtle Sect, and possessed significant value.



After a little ponder, Ye Qingyu stored it away for now.



He got up and continued along the magma shore.

Along the way, he again encountered a number of dried up corpses, some still clasping weapons in their hands. The original Treasure-level weapons that had most likely drank the blood of countless experts and had made many of Heaven Wasteland Domain live in fear and awe, were now damaged, lost their spiritual nature and no different to rusted iron.



Ye Qingyu carefully analyzed and could roughly recognized that some of them were indeed experts from the Three Sects and Three Schools. However, the majority he could not recognize and did not know where they were from. They must have been powerful elders. But why would they appear here, and turn into dried up corpses after death, where they could not even be buried?



Gradually, Ye Qingyu found that among the dried up corpses there were not only human, but also demon experts.

The corpses of the demons expert after death, although huge, had lost their essence and spiritual nature, and were more like giant beasts.



He continued ahead.



“Huh? This is?”



Ye Qingyu made a new discovery.



Extremely strangely shaped things appeared on the magma river, some like faint shadows, some like spiritless smoke, and some that were constantly moving back and forth with the heat wave like will-o'-the-wisp. There were also some that had a faint dead qi diffusing out, which were probably shell-like objects left behind after the death of some kind of creature.



“This is...”



A beam of light flashed through Ye Qingyu's mind.



During the Battle of the Light Palace, the waves upon waves of demon souls that came pouring out from the Underground Fire Spirit Spring Sword Pit, were finally buried in the Underground Fire Spirit Spring Sword Pit. If he had not guessed wrong, then these strange corpse shells should be left behind by the demon souls of foreign domains after they died. And judging from the time, the time of death of these foreign domain demon souls was far before the Battle of the Light Palace.



In other words, the demon souls from foreign domains who lost their lives here were clearly another group.



So many experts of both the Human Race and foreign races, why did they appear here and how did they die?

Ye Qingyu carefully investigated the corpses but could not distinguish the cause of death of these experts.

Across the entire magma shore there was not the slightest trace indicating that a battle had taken place here, and there was not even the slightest aura left behind from a battle——In general, the aura of high-level Bitter Sea experts, after a desperate fight, should stay for a hundred years. But it was clear that Ye Qingyu could not sense any traces despite his incomparably powerful consciousness power.



It was as though these experts were killed in a second and without resistance.



Despite the fact that Ye Qingyu was now incredibly strong and was absolutely the strongest in the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, at this moment he also could not help feeling his hair standing on its end.



What was more strange was that he discovered another incredibly bizarre scene.



All the dried up corpses were facing the ground, their heads facing toward the depths of this strange little deep world, and their hands were stretched out in that direction as if to grab hold of something...



Could there be something hidden in this strange little world?



Ye Qingyu found it increasingly strange.



With a thought, he released his divine sense.



With his current powerful consciousness, it could cover a radius of thousands of miles. The entire vast expanse of dark red space was immediately covered with one glance.



“So this little world unexpectedly stretches across a radius of hundreds of miles.” Ye Qingyu's divine sense moved swiftly like the tide, shrouding the entire battlefield.



In his divine sense, the magma hurricane waves as well as the raging heat waves had set off a hundred-foot-tall flame wall. The whole space was surrounded by monstrous waves, and the shore was just a reef the size of a sesame seed in comparison to the hundreds of miles of sea area.

In the void, the number of aurora-like dark red flames brought about by the conflict between heat waves had dyed the drifting waves of qi to varying shades of red.



These terrifying waves of qi that seemed to be dyed with blood revolved around the entire space, rolling like clouds and constantly issuing mournful whistling. It was as though countless mutated flying beasts were constantly hovering above and hissing, trying to swallow all the spirits of the dried corpses on the shore.



Such a scene was even more frightening than what Ye Qingyu had witness in the Greater One mountain region, and the atmosphere was much more oppressive.



“Huh? This is... a crack?!”



Shocked flashed across Ye Qingyu’s face.

In a void hundreds of miles away, several hidden void cracks emerged between the layers of qi waves, and among the cracks were a number of almost transparent ripples swaying up and down.

These cracks were left behind during the battle among experts?



For a moment, his face clouded with puzzlement.

Just then——



“You've come back?” Somewhere in the void, a steady but empty voice resounded.



“Who is it?” Ye Qingyu was startled.



He had sensed that in this space there was no life, and suddenly there was a voice. How would he not be surprised?

But the next moment, he found that the voice that appeared out of nowhere seemed very familiar.

An epiphany flashed through his mind.

He suddenly knew who the voice belonged to——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

