Chapter 761:


Chapter 779 - All Crawled Out


On the old man's heavily-wrinkled and vicissitudinous face were protruding cheekbones and sunken, murky eyes, while his hair was grayish-white and nearlybarren. His expression was indescribably haggard and his breath was terribly weak. His tattered clothes were clearly not of the style of the present age.

Beneath his clothes, flesh that seemed like a layer of tree bark was pasted directly on his skeleton. This old man, apparently of an ancient age, looked like someone whose lifespan was nearly up.

Is he... the [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]?

Ye Qingyu was stunned.

He had visualized the figure of the Quasi-emperor countless times before seeing him in the flesh, but had never imagined that Xiaofei, who was said to be an exceptionally charming and peerless Heaven's prideling, would turn out like this.

What kind of suffering has he gone through over these few thousand years of being confined in the divine temple? To think that the murderous spirit in there has nearly depleted the foundation of a Quasi-emperor.

"Go," The Celestial Phoenix Maiden shouted.

At this moment, the murderous spirit was breaking out more fiercely and terrifyingly. As the entire place tremored non-stop, the ground turned into red-hot magma, and Black Demon qi tossed like a sea of black. A deathly aura pervaded throughout.

The trio wasted no more time talking.

With Sheng Yan carrying Xiaofei on his back, the trio darted out desperately.

Three beams of flowing light zipped across the Void in a twinkling.

Three cloud tear marks lingered in the sky for a long time.

Ye Qingyu felt that this was the fastest he had run in his life.

Caring and thinking about nothing else, he lowered his head and dashed forth as if he would be devoured by the boiling demonic waves behind him if he slowed his pace by even a step.

Despite the lightning-fast speed of the trio, the billows of Black Demon qi that surged from all directions still continued to hang over them.

Apocalyptic murderous spirit was only a short distance away.

The deathly aura seemed to have reached in front of them at this moment.

The purple lightning wings behind Ye Qingyu's back began to flicker indistinctly. With the area on the verge of collapse, it appeared that his manipulation of thunder and lightning was still not good enough to withstand the murderous spirit which was overwhelming enough to kill fiendgods.

Although the Phoenix wings of the maiden remained as lustrous as ever, a tinge of graveness also appeared in her eyes.

This won't do.

If this continues, all of us will be drowned by the murderous spirit before we escape from this plane.

In his shock, Ye Qingyu hesitated no more, and thus took out the [Cloud Top Cauldron] from his dantian and tossed it upward.

The slowly-spinning cauldron burst out a dazzling radiance and instantly suspended in the air above the quartet.

A misty curtain gradually shed light downward.

Wisps of dark-yellow splendor meandered downward and circulated slowly. The terrifying and piercingly cold murderous spirit was kept outside the soft mist which shrouded the quartet as they advanced at full speed.

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh of relief.

And so did the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and Sheng Yan.

Ye Qingyu, who had been feeling stifled to the extent that he had difficulty breathing, instantly felt a lot easier.

Under the protection of the mist from the cauldron, the quartet exerted their yuan qi to the maximum level as they sped maniacally toward the entrance.

Nobody had noticed that, during that moment when the cauldron poured the mist down, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] sight fell upon the cauldron and a strange luster flashed within. He even took a look at Ye Qingyu and seemed somewhat in thought, as if he was trying to recall something.

Finally, after another five minutes or so.

The party stepped out of the small world within the giant tombstone.

Ahead of them was the sea of hurricane lilies.

When he came here the first time, Ye Qingyu was amazed by the stretch of fluttering red clouds which formed a scenery that resembled a luxurious red brocade. However, a dramatic change had occurred here by now as well. The place had turned into a living hell pervaded by Black Demon qi.

As if corrupted by the Black Demon qi, countless flowers were withering and decaying at an astonishingly fast rate.

Petals floated in the air.

A boundless rain of flowers danced in the wind endlessly, showcasing a stranger and deadlier beauty than before.

"This scene of withering hurricane lilies is simply too frightening. My gosh... the apocalypse is coming, let's hurry up and go!" Sheng Yan yelled in panic.

Revealing a shivery and terror-stricken expression, he looked like a duckling caught in a storm and was completely devoid of his former valiance.

Ye Qingyu darted a look at the fat man beside him and did not know whether to laugh or cry.

Seeing the latter's cowardly look, Ye Qingyu was doubtful whether he would really have buried himself together with the Quasi-emperor.

The party swiftly swept across the sky above the sea of hurricane lilies.

Boom boom boom!

Violent tremors and noises rang out from the light curtain all around them.

Although the curled red petals appeared soft and weak, a thunderous, ear-deafening noise was made each time a petal touched the dark yellow mist released by the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Ye Qingyu was shocked like never before.

To think that these petals, each of which were thinner than a pinky finger, contains such terrifying power. Even a Saint-level expert would be instantly killed if they were struck by them.

He looked up at the cauldron and sighed as he thought about this, before silently murmuring, "Luckily I have you... or we could have died on so many occasions... I really have to thank that idiot Liu Yuanchang for gifting you to me."

The party advanced as fast as flowing light.

As the murderous spirit became more and more frightening, the world seemed to be collapsing and vanishing, and everything within would soon be buried in oblivion.

There was once again an onrush of the heavy pressure.

Even the [Cloud Top Cauldron] seemed incapable of withstanding the killing intent .

The cauldron overhead suddenly displayed an unusual change after Ye Qingyu roared and spewed a mouthful of blood essence at it.

A splendor shone on all sides of the cauldron and a dark-yellow radiance shot up into the air.

The ancient sketches carved on the sides seemed to come alive, growing and circulating non-stop. These ancient humans and beasts looked like they were reenacting the scenes and movements they represented. The dark-yellow mist became a dazzling splendor which lingered all around.

The magical power of laws instantly became rich like never before.

The party felt the pressure on them diminish.

Apparently, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] would only activate its maximum power when it felt an extremely terrifying and overbearing pressure.

Seeing the change to the cauldron, the trio all the more inhibited their thoughts and rushed forward desperately. Even the usually cool-headed Celestial Phoenix Maiden revealed a tinge of urgency and discomposure.

Before long, the sea of hurricane lilies faded away behind them.

In front of them was now the sea of tombstones.

Although they were flying across the Void, they dared not be careless and cautiously traveled along the narrow spirit path.

"That's..."

Peering down at the tombstones, Ye Qingyu felt his heart jolt and his entire body shake unconsciously.

The closely-packed black tombstones within his field of vision were trembling violently, as if something concealed beneath them was surging wildly and hoping to break out.

The other three people also discovered the peculiar change.

On the ground.

Below every tombstone, giant black skeleton claws were frenziedly prising their way out of the graves. They were attached to giant skeleton arms which were coated in a metallic texture and emitted an ancient demon qi. Indeed, black skeletons were in the process of climbing out from the tombstones.

Ye Qingyu felt a chill on his back when he saw this sight.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden's eyes became grimmer.

Although Sheng Yan's footsteps were quick, his entire body trembled non-stop like a large sieve, and his face revealed a miserable, dying look.

Only [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], who laid prone on the fat man's back with his eyes closed, seemed too weak to even open his eyes and was inattentive to everything happening around him.

Ten minutes later.

The Black Demon qi hanging all over them became thicker and piercingly cold, as if everything had returned to chaos. Without the dark-yellow light from the [Cloud Top Cauldron], the trio's vision did not reach fifty meters.

"We're reaching the ancient fiendgod city soon!"

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh of relief.

Finally reached the last zone.

The Doors of Life are just past the ancient fiendgod city.

Not far ahead was the ancient fiendgod city he had passed through when he first entered the 18th district.

"You... everyone... look... Damn, those nightmarish evil demons have all crawled out!" The bald and fat man suddenly exclaimed with a squeek.

Beneath the trio's feet, black skeletons had already crawled half their way out of every tombstone. These were completely intact skeletons which were extraordinarily huge. Though shaped like those of humans, they were several hundred times larger than a normal human being.

Ye Qingyu was alarmed.

These scrabbling skeletons were exactly the same as the oneshe saw while passing by the battlefields.

His heart palpitated for a moment as several images popped up in his mind.

But...

Where exactly are those giant skeletons from?

Could they be a manifestation of the apocalyptic murderous spirit?

Or... are they puppets being controlled by the murderous spirit?

Ye Qingyu grew more scared as he thought about it.

There were too many secrets hidden in this world.

The trio arrived in the center of the ancient fiendgod city in no time.

Behind their backs, the overspreading murderous spirit bobbled maniacally throughout as shrilling, hissing noises reverberated all over. It seemed as though evil demons were recklessly snatching at all the living beings using their sharp claws and tentacles.

Demonic waves dashed into the skies, bringing death upon all.

An unprecedented danger was befalling Ye Qingyu and the others.

The giant black skeletons were like devils from hell that came chasing after the party. Their movements were fast, and although they could not fly,  they piled on top of one another like a mountain range. It was a frightening sight indeed...

Could it be...

Chilly bouts emerged on Ye Qingyu's face, whose expression suddenly became odd as if he had grown conscious of something extremely terrifying.

For millions of years, these giant skeletons had probably besieged the waves of Heaven's pridelings who successively entered the Doors of Darkness, including the Seven Fingers Race and the Quasi-emperor of the Dragonblood Dynasty he had seen along the way, causing them to die in this fiendgod world.

He realized that if the party ended by being trapped in this place, their bones and innards would most likely be swallowed clean.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 762:


Chapter 780 - Acting in Justice


While ruminating, Ye Qingyu did not slow down in the least bit.

This was an all-out desperate sprint.

Thirty minutes later.

"Eh? What's that? Are tombstones rising into the sky?" Carrying the [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], the fat man suddenly exclaimed involuntarily, "Look, tombstones are flying up high... into the heavens."

Ye Qingyu was startled at once when he looked over.

Fifty to sixty kilometers in front of them, seven giant black tombstones of several kilometers in height had uprooted and, driven by an unknown power, were now suspending in an extremely strange fashion in the gloomy and cracked sky of the ancient fiendgod city. Arranged in weird positions, they emanated a deathly and evil aura which caused one to quiver, and were shrouded in pitch-black mist. They were even scarier than the murderous spirit!

"My gosh... how can it be like this... Brother, what should we do?" Sheng Yan had detected the peculiarity of the suspending tombstones which blocked the party's advance and occupied a vast space to form a frightening force field. As a result of the emanating aura, his face turned ghastly pale and its flab felt muddled.

A grim expression was also revealed by the eyes behind the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's mask.

Evidently, this situation had far surpassed her level of comprehension prior to entering the 18th district.

"The positions of these tombstones... seem to form a particular formation... their arrangement is very weird." Although Ye Qingyu's expression was one of extreme vigilance, he then revealed a hint of doubt upon closer inspection of the seven black tombstones. They were arranged in the pattern of the Big Dipper and appeared to be a formation which utilized the power of the murderous spirit. Moreover, the formation did not look very old and possessed the characteristics of a modern sect, and thus might have been set up only recently.

"There's someone inside..." The Celestial Phoenix Maiden's sight was fixed and her voice carried some caution.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

At this time, there are still others who haven't left the 18th district?!

He shot out two beams of purple lightning from his eyes and peered at the middle of the tombstones.

"It's her!" He was terribly surprised.

He recognized the identity of the person within the formation.

A young girl of twelve or thirteen years of age, dressed in a silver battle garment, was sealed among the tombstones in the Big Dipper formation.

It's the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race!

The female Heaven's prideling of the Black Demon Race was trapped stiff and her face revealed agony which suggested that she was laboriously operating qi to withstand something. Some sort of strange treasure was activated in her body, causing a near-Saint-level pressure to emit from within to form a huge black light shield that not only protected her but also had extra power to channel waves of Black Demon qi against the surroundings, in resistance against the asphyxiating power of the seven giant tombstones.

The surfaces of the seven suspended tombstones were each covered in a strange squarish formation that emitted a black halo and circulated an intense and piercing murderous spirit that resembled black flames. These murderous spirits cut through the Black Demon qi and spurted uniformly at the shield of the little princess. They brought to mind a scorching furnace that wanted to smelt the Little Princess together with the black shield.

The power of the Little Princess had clearly been exerted to its fullest.

However, the murderous spirit in the formations not only confined her securely but also absorbed the Black Demon qi at an insane rate and turned it into even more powerful black flames which was used to burn her body.

The situation was not good.

Even if this formation of seven giant tombstones could not harm her for quite some time, it nevertheless trapped her in place. Eventually, when the Doors of Life closed, all of the murderous spirit would erupt. By that time, even if she could get out of the formation, she could go nowhere but to death.

Ye Qingyu felt puzzled.

Among all those who entered the Doors of Life this time, the dignified Little Princess of the Black Demon Race should be the person who best understands the 18th district, for many of its secrets and methods would definitely have been made known to her by her race, since the district was built by the Black Demon Emperor after all. How did she fall into such a predicament given that she possessed such a natural and unique advantage?

He peered at the princess with a bit of caution and doubt.

The methods of the Four Stars holy girl already put him on guard against these female Heaven's pridelings, and he was thus worried that the scene in front of his eyes was planned by the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race - whose behavior on the Fierce Beast Peak of Taowu Mountain Range just three days ago already showed that she was not the trustable sort.

As Ye Qingyu fixed his sights on her, she also spotted the party.

He acutely noticed an indistinct gleam flash across her eyes at the very first moment she saw people appear.

Subsequently, however, her eyes sank as hesitation flashed across them. Instead of crying for help, she continued to operate her demonic power to withstand the shackles and burning black flames around her, without taking a further look at the party.

Ye Qingyu carefully sized her up, noticing that her ice-cold round face still had a little baby fat while her expression carried a hint of puerility mixed with some panic and impatience as she gritted her teeth hard... However, she more so possessed a deepness and majesty beyond her age, and an obstinate determination could be discerned in her eyes which were as bright as black jade beads.

Because she was exerting her power continuously, blood-red patterns swelled all over her body and took over the positions where her blood vessels were. It looked as though wild snakes had slithered across her arms and neck.

Black Demon qi of the utmost purity burst out of her body endlessly.

However, her facial expression gradually turned weak.

This doesn't look like a trap, no?

Is she really stuck in there?

Ye Qingyu's heart skipped a beat.

Save her?

Or should I not?

As the party flew through the Void, they drew closer and closer to the formation of seven giant suspending tombstones.

Just then...

Boom!

A strange phenomenon arose.

A majestic, ancient demonic power surged from all directions like monstrous waves.

Finally, some of the tombstones in the ancient fiendgod city below were flipped open, and from beneath them crawled out several incomparably-massive black skeletons which were hundreds of meters in height. Like ghosts from hell, these skeletons cried excitedly as they easily set themselves free. Then, as if perceiving something, they wildly drew close to the Little Princess’s position like a rabble that rose layer by layer into the Void and formed a mountain of skeletons which would soon engulf her.

A sliver of panic finally flashed across the eyes of the Little Princess who was confined within the formation.

When she looked once more at Ye Qingyu group, she revealed a distress signal on her face but remained silent.

The next instant, she looked straight ahead and continue to clench her teeth as she unleashed even greater power from her Black Demon qi.

In a flash, all of her expressions were noted by the rapidly-flying Ye Qingyu. For some unknown reason, the stubborn refusal to admit defeat which she showed served like a beam of lightning to unlock his memory, making him recall a young girl who shared the same personality as her...

Song Xiaojun.

Subsequently, Ye Qingyu made a decision.

He silently chanted some ancient words.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] erupted into splendor.

The dark-yellow halo discharged a brilliance too bright to be looked straight at, while the golden veins on the copper surface meandered.

"Move according to my direction!" he shouted.

As if understanding his idea, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden stood beside him and burst forth an even more dazzling rainbow-colored brilliance. And, although the bald and fat man behind them remained looking all timid, the green mist that surged throughout his body became thicker than before.

Under the protection of the light curtain from the [Cloud Top Cauldron], the quartet turned into dark-yellow flowing light before making a turn in the air. They instantly picked up speed and charged, whistling toward the seven giant tombstones which suspended in the air.

Boom!

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] protected them as it rammed heavily into one of the tombstones.

A huge blare shook the ground, causing heavenly lightning to reverberate for a prolonged time.

All of the power in the Void was instantly stunned into nothing.

One of the tombstones in the Big Dipper formation was smashed into pieces by the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and dropped on to the stacked layers of black skeletons below.

"Come over!"

Ye Qingyu controlled the [Cloud Top Cauldron] at the same time as he shouted, and swiftly reached beside the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race.

Biting her teeth and without saying a word, the Little Princess dashed into the dark-yellow light curtain in n instant.

The boundless brilliance of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] protected her as it picked up speed and flew forth. A strange pallor emerged on her face, on which her cheeks could already be seen the winding blood-colored vessels. Although there was a peculiar look in her eyes for a moment, she said nothing and simply charged forward in accordance with Ye Qingyu's speed while gradually correcting her breathing and recovering her strength.

Ahead.

Another strange scene appeared.

Countless tombstones in the ancient fiendgod city had been flipped open.

Incomparably-massive black skeletons roared shrillingly like evil demons which had cast off their inhibitions. After crawling out from the graves, they wildly besieged the beams of flowing light zipping across the Void. In a twinkling, mountains of skeletons formed in the Void ahead, stretching dozens of kilometers like monstrous waves and blocking the path of the quartet.

"You shall die... Ram into them!"

Roaring angrily, Ye Qingyu activated his power to the maximum. He silently chanted the one hundred and eight-character incantation non-stop, causing the splendor of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to work up into a burning yellow fireball and ram head-on into the mountain of giant black skeletons and bones. With a boom, many of the skeletons were shattered. Bone shards danced in the air as the party rammed open a gap in the mountain and swept through.

Boom boom boom!

Countless blockades were crashed through along the way.

Ten minutes later.

The party finally flew across the ancient fiendgod city.

They were now only several dozen kilometers away from the Doors of Life.

They could already see that the small portals were gradually shrinking, indicating that there was not much time before the inevitable collapse and obliviation.

"Quick, brother. Pick up speed," Sheng Yan roared ecstatically.

Just then.

"What's going on?!" Ye Qingyu's expression dramatically changed all of a sudden.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 763:


Chapter 780 (2) - Where Are the Others?


In the Void ahead he suddenly discovered that an extremely strange power had appeared. The air became thick like never before, as if the party had fallen into a swamp and their speed of advance was being stifled.

Upon close inspection, he further discovered that faint silver ripples undulated all around the Void. Despite looking as fine as gauze, they were replete with surging ancient power.

This was a formation.

Formational power?!

He activated the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to withstand the murderous spirit, before defiantly forcing his way into and out of the formation.

This blockade was enough to slow down the entire party.

"Dammit, what's going on? How could this Void contain such a formation?!" Sheng Yan yelled. Seeing that the Doors of Life in the distance were about to close, he was so frightened that his voice changed and every piece of fat on his body shuddered.

As Ye Qingyu and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden exchanged glances, both saw the shock and anger in each other's eyes.

However, the strange occurrence was not yet over.

Less than a hundred meters after they charged out of the formation, a similar formation appeared in front of them. The Void was stagnant and silted out, and thus reduced their speed of advance once again.

Shouting while wildly activating his [Cloud Top Cauldron], Ye Qingyu continued to charge forth.

He made another dash-through.

After that, yet another silted-up blockading formation appeared.

Seeing these repeatedly-appearing formations, Ye Qingyu immediately realized that they were not accidental occurrences but blockades deliberately left behind by someone to obstruct others from escaping.

Raging, he persistently activated his [Cloud Top Cauldron] and wildly rammed his way through the formations. This was the only possible method at this time.

Although these scattered formations could not truly prevent the party's advance, they nevertheless curtailed the party's speed.

At such a critical time, even a moment's delay brought them one step closer to death.

"It must be that bitch... I'll absolutely slay the Four Stars Sect if I'm able to get out." The Little Princess of the Black Demon Race, who had not spoken a word, suddenly cursed in a chilly voice which disclosed not only a hint of hatred but also an undisguisedly-terrifying murderous spirit.

Taken aback, Ye Qingyu suddenly understood what she meant.

He carefully felt the aura that was surging in the formation.

Indeed, he could feel an extremely familiar aura among the densely-packed formations.

The Four Stars holy girl!

She set up these formations while making her way out.

"Dammit... this vicious woman... is determined to prevent our escape!"

He could not help cursing.

To one side, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's eyes became somber for the first time as she revealed a sulk, "She isn't targeting just us, and wants everyone else to die here as well... She must have planned this from the start. I've fought against her several times, and know for sure that beneath her holy façade is a mind of malicious thoughts and unscrupulous tactics."

"Brother... what should we do now..." Sheng Yan put on a weeping face and seemed completely bereft of all sense of propriety.

"What else can we do but charge! This is the time to see how tough our lives are," Ye Qingyu shouted as he stimulated the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and charged frenziedly toward the Doors of Life in the distance.

Speed.

Time.

These two factors would ultimately decide the fate of Ye Qingyu’s group.

All they could do was to try their best and leave the rest up to Heaven.

Taowu Mountain Range.

Fierce Beast Peak.

Outside the Doors of Life.

Like a billowy sea, the surging Black Demon qi continuously eddied in the sky. The entire place remained as dark as thick ink. Six enormous demon qi-formed whirlpools spun gently like black holes in the vast cosmos. These were none other than the six widely-opened Doors of Life.

Several thousand experts were already gathered on the Fierce Beast Peak.

Apart from the guardian Saints of the five super large sects who had barely moved from this place over these three days and occupied the most prominent positions, there was, on the ridges a short distance away from the Doors of Life, also a distribution of other fairly-renowned sects and forces from the myriad domains, as well as spectating experts who had come from the Black Demon Pool to watch the fun.

They took up different positions around the Fierce Beast Peak and surrounded it.

The smell of blood still pervaded the Taowu Mountain Range, on which killings happened every now and then.

However, it was somewhat calmer compared to three days ago when the Doors of Life had not opened. After all, the experts of different origins who eventually arrived here each possessed a considerable strength and were not easy to meddle with. Hence, there was a relative balance and peace among them.

Black Demon qi lingered in mid-air.

The yuan qi splendor of the pinnacle experts suffused throughout in a variegated manner, resembling layers of colored clouds. The confrontations among them formed a piercingly-cold and oppressive force field which strangled one's heart.

Time had flown by.

The three-day period was about to end.

Regardless of their sect, status, or strength, every one of these thousands of experts looked tense and impatient. Their gazes were fixed watching the black whirlpools that were slowly spinning in the Void. As time passed, more and more experts from other districts of the Black Demon Pool came to spectate.

"Has anyone come out yet?"

"No. Perhaps there are so many opportunities in there that remain to be picked up... hahaha... But the fact that no one has come out could also mean... some unfortunate events have taken place. This is, after all, the eighteenth district of the Black Demon Pool, where even Quasi-emperors have met their doom."

"Could they all have died in there..."

"That can't be... Wasn't it said that it won't be dangerous in there while the Doors of Life are wide open..."

"Those people are the new batch of Heaven's pridelings of the myriad domains, which will be in for a massive shake-up if they all die in there."

"Whether they come out or not, there'll be a significant change in the situation of this upper domain..."

The discussions were plentiful.

Suddenly, a strange phenomenon arose in the Void.

Under the watch of the crowds, the six Doors of Life dimmed in unison.

All of the Black Demon qi, which resembled starry halos, once more gathered like cyclones around the outsides of these Doors of Life. They shrank and expanded with a certain frequency and at a visible speed. In the midst of the whirlpools, which brought to mind the pupils of a dark ancient demon, wisps of silver splendor began to flicker endlessly.

"The Doors of Life are about to close!" The eyes of the Black Demon guardian elder gleamed as he spoke in the heaviest of tones.

Despite his cultivation and status, he, too, grew somewhat impatient at this time.

Until now, not one of the Heaven's pridelings from the various super forces, nor any of the provisional guards who claimed an entry spot, have made their way out from within. Could an accident have really happened in there?

Everyone, be it the spectating experts or the various sect masters and disciples, appeared nervous like never before. Holding their breaths and focusing their attentions, they each barely moved an inch.

Even the guardian Saints of the super forces and the elders of the Black Demon Race waited with bated breath and wore grave expressions on their faces.

To the relatively second-rate large sects, particularly those who had clinched spots to enter the 18th district, those experts who had entered the Doors of Life as the guards of the Heaven's pridelings were considered pillar-like beings in the various sects and forces. If they truly perished within, these sects would be left without a leader and become devoid of vigor. The sects' future prestige and status would certainly be hardest hit.

Meanwhile, the Heaven's pridelings from the super forces who entered the Doors of Life were each a successor of a top-level large sect which expended many years of effort to choose and develop them. If they came to an untimely end, the losses to their sects would be disastrous.

As signs of the Doors of Life closing emerged, the atmosphere on the Fierce Beast Peak suddenly became tenser than ever.

Just then...

"Look at that Door in the middle... something's happening!"

An exclamation was suddenly heard from among the crowd of spectating experts.

Everyone was shocked.

Every pair of eyes immediately converged on the middlemost Door of Life.

A splendor flickered.

A beam of flowing light appeared from the depths of the Door of Life  and gradually became clearer and clearer.

Swish!

The flowing light charged out.

In the Void, a skinny young man, who wore baggy black robes and whose red and yellow long hair flipped in the wind, bolted frenziedly out of a Door of Life. It was none other than the Young Lord of Sinful Pit.

"Master!"

When the Sinful Pit guardian Xie Liu, an equally-skinny Saint on whom a blood-red splendor circulated, saw this, he became overjoyed at once and his hanging heart could finally return to his chest.

Countless eye beams fell upon the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit.

"Go!"

Without studying his surroundings or greeting the people around him, he gave a loud shout as soon as he appeared and turned into a beam of red flowing light before charging at the periphery of the Fierce Beast Peak with the intent of leaving this place at once.

On the Fierce Beast Peak, two clouds of red mist quickly turned into flares and followed closely behind the flowing light as it charged into the Void. They were none other than the guardian Saint of Sinful Pit and another expert, both of whom were protecting the Young Lord.

For a time, nobody understood what was going on.

They did not know why the Young Lord of Sinful Pit was so eager to leave this place as soon as he exited the door.

Right at this moment, loud shouts were heard from below.

"Young Lord, what happened to my sect master?"

"Is the master of the Green Cloud Path alright?"

The experts of the Green Cloud Path and the Apocalyptic Sect raised their questions loudly with extreme nervousness. The masters of these two large forces had followed the Young Lord of Sinful Pit into the Doors of Life. Hence, when they did not emerge from the Doors of Life together with the latter, their sect's experts were bound to feel worried.

"What's the situation in there like?"

"Where are the others?"

The Saints of the Four Stars Sect and the Meteor Sky Sect were also unable to keep their cool and thus enquired urgently. Their voices gushed toward the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit like oceanic tides.

However, the Young Lord ignored them completely as he broke through the Void with thunderous force.

The Sinful Pit experts followed closely behind.

The flowing light formed from the trio instantly zipped into the sky several thousand kilometers away from the Fierce Beast Peak and looked to be on the verge of disappearing above Taowu Mountain Range.

Suddenly, a strange change occurred.

Billows of Black Demon qi suddenly boiled in the sky as a hard-to-describe and frightening power appeared without warning and rolled toward the three beams of flowing light. A majestic force spread across the entire Taowu Mountain Range, causing all of the experts within to feel a bout of oppression and involuntarily exert their powerful yuan qi.

A demonic wave surged.

A giant palm of demonic aura tore through the Void and reached out from the seething Black Demon qi at a seemingly-slow-yet-actually-fast speed. Covering the sky and the sun, it extended its pressure toward the three beams of flowing light.

"What's going on!"

"Someone is pulling a sneak attack on the Sinful Pit's men!"

Several people cried out in astonishment.

Countless pairs of eyes stared fixedly at the firmament in the distance.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 764:


Chapter 781, Do you know who he is?

The next moment.

There was a blinding blaze of light in the demonic sea in the vault of the sky.

Stifling Saint-level power loomed over the area.

The guardian Saint expert of Sinful Pit retaliated!

Within seconds, the distant Void was instantly broken like shattered ice. Debris of a large stretch of Void scattered in all directions. An endless Void storm swept everything away, like it was the end of the world. The Void was instantly turned to nothingness.

This was the power of a Saint level expert.

The spectating experts were in utter shock.

Who was it that dared to secretly attack the Young Lord of Sinful Pit? One must know that the Sinful Pit was known to be vengeful to the extent that even if others accidentally looked at them more than once they would hunt them down to the ends of the earth, let alone someone who had so openly attacked the Young Lord of Sinful Pit.

And the person who attacked was also very powerful. They were at least of the Saint level, and even tied against the Sixth Master.

After a full ten seconds.

The two tremendously powerful presences came to a halt.

The battle had ended.

In the sky above, there was not the slightest trace of flowing light. All of the aura was gradually fading.

All of the surrounding experts took on a look of puzzlement?

It's over?

Who won?

Where did the people of Sinful Pit go?

The spectators on Fierce Beast Peak were puzzling over the scene. It also made many people realize that the matters today were not that simple. Although the Sinful Pit and many other forces obtained the opportunity of entering the dark dDoor of Life through exchange, but evidently there were still many Saint experts hiding in the dark to kill those coming out of the Door of Life to snatch at this opportunity.

The atmosphere on Fierce Beast Peak suddenly grew tense again.

After a little while.

Seeing that there was no longer any other reaction in the distant sky, the sight of the crowd returned to the Door of Life.

And below the Fierce Beast Peak, the disciples of Clear Sky Sectand Sky Awakening Sect were gathered together, taking on a sad and mournful expression, like they had lost their parents. They had been waiting for three days, hoping that the leader of their sect could bring back the great opportunity, but instead what they received was grievous news.

Among the experts, there was a murmur of discussion.

“Even the Young Lord of Sinful Pit had come out, I don't see the Patriarch of Clear Sky Sect and Sky Awakening Sect. They most likely have already perished.”

“Sigh, such a pity for those two little sects. They were finally able to cultivate two Immortal Step experts after hundreds of years. I heard that their leaders were going to take this chance to get the opportunity to bring glory to the sect, but in the end...”

“Those two sects have lost their central pillars. In less than one month, they will most likely be relegated to becoming an affiliation of other forces.”

The disciples of Clear Sky Sect and Sky Awakening Sect had the speculation that their leaders had died. But they were still gathered together, unwilling to leave. After all, as long as the dark Door of Life had not closed, there was still a chance for them. What if their leader miraculously survived and returned at the last minute?

After all, the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit also did not say that their leaders have died.

These pitiful disciples wanted to hold on until the last minute, before they were willing to believe in the truth.

In a twinkling, another ten seconds passed.

One of the dark doors flashed again.

All of a sudden everyone's heart jumped to their throat.

Whoosh!

There was the sound of air being pierced.

Two figures darted out of it in an instant.

The young expert in front was burly, tall and handsome, clad in a golden armour and radiated the aura of the scorching sun flames. He was like the War God of the sun. He was the Third Prince of the glorious Kaiyang Imperial Court.

And closely behind him was the descendant of the Black Moon Palace Yang Wanqu.

At this time the surging evil qi around Yang Wanqu had completely disappeared, and he looked no different than to when he entered the 18th district except for the fact his aura and cultivation had slightly improved and was more radiant. In the eyes of outsiders, he obviously had quite a harvest and his strength had improved.

Seeing that the Third  Prince had safely returned, the guardian Saint of the Kaiyang Imperial Court immediately was overjoyed. The worry that had been hanging in his heart was gone right away, as he dashed forward to greet him.

“Imperial Uncle! It’s been hard on you!” The Third Prince greeted the guardian Saint expert with a smile and was humble and courteous.

This guardian Saint was the third brother of the Emperor, possessed profound strength and was extremely well respected. According to seniority, the Third Prince had to call him Third Imperial Uncle.

“I'm glad you're out, I can finally breathe easily.” The Third Imperial Uncle beamed. The safe return of the Third Prince was an absolute great joy for the Kaiyang Imperial Court.

“I pay respect to Third Imperial Prince,” Yang Wanqu also bowed.

The Third Imperial Uncle nodded, swept a glance at him then suddenly remembered something and asked, “Lu Li of Tianguan Sect...”

“Heaven is jealous of heroic geniuses. Brother Lu was harmed by others, I was not able to save him... sigh...” Yang Wanqu gnashed his teeth with a grievous expression on his face.

“Huh? What happened?” The Third Imperial Uncle frowned slightly.

“Imperial Uncle, when Xiao Yu comes out, everything will be known.” The Third Prince said lightly. He was not a good liar and naturally did not want to say such things.

Because the Third Prince had to wait for the Saintess of Jade Pearl, he did not immediately leave Fierce Beast Peak like the Young Lord of Sinful Pit. Instead, he stayed in the location occupied by the Kaiyang Imperial Court and patiently waited.

In the surroundings.

The many experts, seeing that the Third Prince radiated with brillianceand floated in the Void like the sun with a powerful and abnormal aura, knew that he did not encounter anything unfortunate in the 18th district and were suddenly all incomparably envious. The sounds of discussion grew louder.

“Everybody, look carefully, the aura of the Kaiyang Imperial Court's Third Prince is much stronger than before. It seems he has had a great harvest!”

“It seems that he obtained a great opportunity inside!”

“The Third Prince of the Kaiyang Imperial Court was born a genius. It is said that when the imperial concubine gave birth to him, there were celestial maidens sprinkling flowers in the sky, the shadows of the gods fluttering in the sky, and other strange phenomenon. He could speak at birth, is exceptionally intelligent and his speed of cultivation is astonishing. He is a rare martial arts genius of the Kaiyang Imperial Court and had won the favour of the Emperor. If it were not for the fact that he was not born from the Queen, he would have become the Crown Prince of the Kaiyang Imperial Court.”

“I don't know what sort of opportunity he got in the 18th district, but with it, nobody will be able to stop the rise of this genius.”

“That's not for certain. First of all, he has to be able to leave Fierce Beast Peak alive...”

While everyone was discussing spiritedly, new changes emerged in the Void.

Another dark door flashed again.

A silver flame surged out of the center of the vortex.

“It's the Saintess of Jade Pearl!”

“This woman is really remarkable!”

“No... Look, there's bloodstains on her dress!”

The eyes of everyone were fixed on the figure that was descending slowly in the Void.

Her long white dress seemed to be glowing like the moon as it fluttered, her black hair flowing like a waterfall, and the white gauze cloth on her face slowly moved. She was pure and noble, like a celestial maiden coming out of a thousand-year-old ice lotus.

But the maiden's originally spotless dress was unexpectedly sprinkled with a few plum blossom sized bloodstains. It was evident that she had experienced a very severe battle. The bright red bloodstains were very striking on the long white dress.

It was unknown whether the blood left on her was hers or her enemies.

Upon the sight, the two Saint experts of the Jade Pearl Sect who were enveloped in a fog of dark green light immediately came over to assist the Saintess, covering her up.

Brilliance wrapped around the three figures. The aura of the Saintess was unexpectedly magnificent and bizarre, faintly overpowering the force of the Saint experts next to her.

After exchanging a few words, the three returned to their position on the Fierce Beast Peak, and like the Kaiyang Imperial Court's Third Prince, they did not choose to leave at once.

After the female genius expert had come out, there was more and more spirited discussion in the distance.

“The Kaiyang Imperial Court's Third Prince and the Saintess of Jade Pearl are really worthy of their reputation!”

“Yes, and from the looks of it they did obtain an opportunity inside. Their strength has improved, especially the Saintess of Jade Pearl. Now her strength vaguely can compete against the Saint experts.”

“So many people have gone in, but only four of them are out now, I wonder what had happened inside.”

“The Saintess of Jade Pearl is stained with blood, the danger inside must not be small.

As they discussed, time passed by.

Next.

After another thirty or forty seconds, the dark Door of Life began to close.

The countless gazes fixed on the dark Doors of Life began to turn solemn, shocked, with pity and even a look of regret.

Because after the Saintess of Jade Pearl, no one else had come out of the dark Doors of Life.

In the Void.

Under the watchful gaze of countless eyes, the six dark Doors of Life were like a vortex of time and space, beginning to twist and spin sharply, lightning and flames flashed endlessly, and the power of Heaven and earth surged and tumbled.

Soon after, the several dark Doors of Life were again restored to seven huge black demonic vortexes.

Under countless looks of disbelief, the Doors of Life were completely closed.

The guardian Saint of the Phoenix Race, the elders of the Black Demon Race, as well as the guardians of the Sky Meteor Sect were all in extreme shock.

And the disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, Sky Listening Pavilion and Sky Understanding Palace were all completely stunned, revealing a look of disbelief.

The guardian Saint of the Sky Meteor Sect was in utter shock, unable to accept what he had seen. As the most outstanding descendant of Sky Meteor Sect, the strength, luck and intelligence of the sacred son of the Sky Meteor Sect was the best. Moreover, he was given several remarkable divine weapons, but now the sacred son of Sky Meteor Sect did not come out?

He turned to the direction of the Saintess of Jade Pearl, urgency in his tone as he asked, “What happened in there? Why is it that only you few had come out?”

Similarly in utter shock and disbelief, the guardian Saint of the Phoenix Race, as though he had just woken up from a dream, questioned, “Yes, what happened in there? Where is Her Highness of the Phoenix Race? Why isn’t she out?”

He was very clear that the strength of Her Highness was comparable to that of the Saintess of Jade Pearl, and adding to this she had the remarkable power of the Phoenix to protect her body. Why would she not be out if the Saintess of Jade Pearl had managed to come out?

The Saint guardian of the Sky Meteor Sect impatiently approached the Saintess of Jade Pearland the Third Prince of Kaiyang Imperial Court and asked in an aggressive and cold tone of voice, “Speak, why are you guys the only ones who have come out, what had happened to the sacred son of our sect?”

The atmosphere suddenly became incredibly tense.

Anyone could see that the guardian Saint of the Sky Meteor Sect was going crazy.

“Dead.”

The icy cold Saintess suddenly spoke.

This remark, like a handful of ice water sprinkled into a pot of hot oil, shook the whole Fierce Beast Peak.

“Dead? You mean... the sacred son of Sky Meteor Sect is dead.”

“Could it be... all the other people who didn't come out are dead?”

“Is it not said that there's no danger during the opening of the Door of Life?”

The sound of discussion rose and fell.

Everybody was stunned.

At the top of the mountain summit.

Enveloped in dense violet mist, the guardian Saint of the Phoenix Race instantly grew fierce upon hearing this. He pressed further, “How can anyone die? What happened? What exactly happened in there!”

His voice died away.

The Saintess of Jade Pearl’s  eyes turned cold, like two icy flames were gushing out from her eyes.

She stared at the Phoenix Race guardian Saint expert, and with a hint of reprimand in her tone questioned back, “You still have the nerve to ask? Do you know who the young man you chose is? Do you know who he is?”

The Saintess of Jade Pearl's expression suddenly turned to one of indignance and grief.

The Phoenix Race guardian expert was speechless for a second.

When the temporary escort was selected, the Phoenix Race chose the young man only because of Her Highness’s insistence, and that the guardian expert saw that the young man's mind was steady and powerful. He did not think much of other things.

But now, from the attitude of the Saintess of Jade Pearl, there seemed to be a deeper meaning.

Could it be...

He quickly shook his head and said, “I don't know... who is he?”

A glint of hatred flickered in the Saintess's eyes, her attitude icy cold, and under the veil her eyes were like a cold lightning as she looked at the Phoenix Race guardian expert, “That person is the culprit of the massacre of the Black Armour Race------Ye Qingyu!”

Although her voice was not loud, but the power was like an Immortal bell, containing a strange sound of the Great Dao, which instantly reached the ears of the thousands of experts around the Fierce Beast Peak.

Her words shocked everyone.

All of the experts of the major forces successively took on a look of disbelief, and discussions broke out.

“Who is Ye Qingyu?”

“You don't know? He is the latest criminal to be on the Domain Alliance's wanted list on charges of massacring the Black Armour Race of the 17th district.”

“What domain did he come from, and what is his grudge against the Black Armour Racelan?”

“What enmity I do not know, but I heard that he is from a new domain, I think called... Heaven Wasteland Domain.

“Yes, it is Heaven Wasteland Domain! They were supposed to participate in the domain assessment of the Black Demon Abyss, but somehow they left when they arrived in the 3rd district.”

“I thought they knew their strength was not enough and gave up the domain rating. I didn't expect them to be so ambitious, and one of them came alone to fight for the opportunity of the Door of Life.”

“I heard from the Gold Demon Race that Ye Qingyu is aggressive and bloodthirsty. Wherever he went, he had killed many experts of different races, and has the nickname of [Killing God of Ice Sword]...”

Under the discussion, the background and deeds of Ye Qingyu gradually surfaced.

At the top of Fierce Beast Peak.

Exuding a silver grey light, the Saintess of Jade Pearl was like a moon fairy descending onto earth.

She coldly swept her glance over the numerous experts, then looked again at the nothingness in front of her. She was solemn, cold, and imposing, and as though she was sentencing all living things, she said, “Everything was fine when we entered the 18th district, but then there was a succession of attacks. The sacred son of Sky Meteor Sect, the Princesses of the Black Demon and Phoenix Race, as well as all of our guards and other experts were schemed by that man. He seemed to know some secrets about the 18th district, took advantage of the situation and constantly plotted to kill us. As a last resort, I used my sect's [Great Jade Pearl Heavenly Understanding Technique] to calculate, and then when I was attacked again I used the [Heavenly Amplifying Emperor Mirror] to shine onto his real body. It was only then that I found out his true identity... Besides the few of us who came out, everyone else had died as a result.”

“What?”

“How is that possible?”

“Heavens, that lower domain citizen is so ruthless?”

“So, those who have not come out are all dead?”

Suddenly, there was a boiling cauldron of voices on the Fierce Beast Peak.

This really was a shocking and terrible event. So many geniuses and Saints were buried in the 18th district because of a lower domain citizen. If this matter were to spread out, the major forces would certainly fly into a rage and retaliate. At that time the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain may also be buried.

The Phoenix Race's guardian Saint stood frozen where he was.

“That’s impossible.” He bellowed, staring at Saintess of Jade Pearl, then retorted, “This is just your side of the story, Yin Kaishan, you speak, what happened in there?”

Instantly, all eyes landed on the Third Prince of the Kaiyang Imperial Court.

The Third Prince of the Kaiyang Imperial Court kept silent.

Standing beside him, Yang Wanqu took a step forward with an upset and indignant look across his face as he said, “This matter, let me speak, what the Saintess of Jade Pearl said is correct, I can testify..."

……

……

Ye Qingyu and the others were dumbstruck.

They were about to charge through the dark Door of Life, but in the last second, all the doors had vanished from the Void. The [Cloud Top Cauldron] released a Xuan yellow glow, charging to where the door was located, but as before they were still situated in the world of the 18th district...

“This... we're dead, we missed the deadline...” The bald fatty Sheng Yan was about to cry.

The disappearance of the Doors of Life was tantamount to sentencing everyone to death. The next time the Doors of Life appear will most likely be at least thousands of years later. At this moment there was killing intent surging around Heaven and earth, and they were like little shrimps under the ocean that could be crushed to death at any time.

“I'm sorry, I dragged you down,” the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race spoke. At the moment the dark Doors of Life were gone, the cold maiden, who had rarely spoken, as if it had suddenly broken the layers of ice on her, suddenly apologized with a much gentler expression.

Ye Qingyu looked at the haughty little princess with surprise.

“What should we do now?” The Celestial Phoenix Maiden cast a glance at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu, looking at the world engulfed by murderous intent, then suddenly smiled, “As long as we are alive, there is still a chance, do not give up... Haha, look again, look at the scene around the world. The killing intent is boiling, how spectacular. Some people would never see such a scene in their life. If we are doomed to die here, then we might as well sit down and enjoy the scenery...”

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden's eyes flashed a glimmer of light.

The Little Princess of the Black Demon Races stared at Ye Qingyu in a daze, her little mouth drew back, revealing her cute little canine teeth. She was also affected by Ye Qingyu's indifferent attitude.

“Brother, what time is it, and you're still...” The bald fatty Sheng Yan was so scared that his legs were cramping up.

But before he finished his sentence, all of a sudden [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], who had been lying on his back motionless like smoke, opened his mouth, muttering weakly, “Go down.”

“Ah?” Sheng Yan was startled, then asked again, “Old ancestor, what did you say?”

Ye Qingyu reacted with an overjoyed look on his face, shouting, “Quick, everyone follow me...” With that, he activated the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and dove down towards the ancient city, because the meaning of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei’s] words was obviously telling everybody to return to the ancient city first.

Boom boom boom!

The copper cauldron vibrated, bumping and crashing into many huge black skeletons and finally rushed to the ancient city before the killing intent had completely annihilated the Void.

At the same time——

“This is...”

“What's going on?”

“What is this power?”

Ye Qingyu and the others, as they landed on the ground of the ancient city, were stunned, gazing above with incomparable shock across their faces. They were astonished to find that every building in the ancient city was beginning to emit a faint bronze glow, like they had all been awakened by some power. This brilliance gathered together, forming a shield of light around one thousand meters away from the ground, which shrouded the whole ancient city.

And that boiling killing intent that almost destroyed the world could not invade the bronze light screen, and was completely blocked outside of the ancient city.

What was even more bizarre was that those incredibly manic huge black skeletons seemed to have lost their consciousness and energy under the bronze glow. They all stood dumbly in place, completely ignoring Ye Qingyu and the others. Their empty eyes that were pitch black and blazing with dark flames were all looking up at the Void, like they were waiting for something!

Strange.

Frightening.

But such a change made Ye Qingyu and the others see some hope of surviving.

“Thank you, elder.” The first thing that Ye Qingyu did was express his gratitude to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

At this time, the hope of living was ignited in his heart.

After all, the [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had once entered the 18th district when the Door of Darkness opened, and had been living to the present. His understanding of this place should be deeper than anyone else. If [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] spoke, perhaps he could give them guidance on what to do?

The eyes of Celestial Phoenix Maiden lit up.

The Little Princess of the Black Demon Race did not know about the background of the Quasi-emperor. Looking at the old man who was as thin as a dried up orange, her expression was a little strange, but she could clearly feel that the old man had a terrifying and indescribable power within him.

In response to Ye Qingyu's thanks, the Quasi-emperor simply blinked his eyes, as if this action had already consumed all his strength, and then a vague word followed——

“Wait!”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

