Chapter 197:


Chapter 198 - A drop of fresh blood

Ye Qingyu laid on the ground, lifting his head to stare at the skies.

What Song Xiaojun was holding was namely the little toy bear he had gifted her in their last parting meeting.

When Song Xiaojun had performed her ability, Ye Qingyu had seen the explosion of the flame bear. But it was only until the flame bear was struck into pieces by the palm strike of Lu Zhaoge, did he understand, that the flame bear that could instantly suppress Lu Zhaoge, Liu Siufeng and Peng Yizhen, these three great experts, was the little toy bear he had gifted to Song Xiaojun.

"It seems like Xiaojun has really completely assimilated with the legendary bloodline of darkness. Wang Jianru was right. Once she has completely assimilated with the bloodline of darkness, Xiaojun's strength will grow explosively. She will grasp many unbelievable divine abilities. Spirit spring stage, Bitter Sea stage, Immortal stage… these stages that martial artists need to bitterly cultivate and need fate for them to enter these martial realms, for Song Xiaojun, these are only the issue of time. She can easily break into these realms…”

There was a faint smile that appeared on the corner of Ye Qingyu's lips.

The little loli that liked to follow behind him in the past like a tail that could not be shaken off, right now was more beautiful and noble. She was already a top expert with a strength that far exceeded his.

"Who would have thought that I would fall behind on the path of martial cultivation."

Ye Qingyu originally thought that the growth in his strength was already a miracle after encountering such a chain of fortuitous events. But the growth of Song Xiaojun's strength was even more universally shocking than his. It was most likely to have surpassed all others before and since.

The power of the inherited bloodline was really terrifying.

"It seems like I will have to work even harder. Otherwise, how can I make Xiaojun recover her memories?"

A shred of responsibility was involuntarily invoked in Ye Qingyu's heart, his spirit being violently aroused.

……

In the air.

Lu Zhaoge suppressed the bizarre energy within his body. His gaze fell on the dainty and lithe figure of the little girl, the spirit of darkness and flames.

After the [War God of Youyan Pass] had evaluated his opponent, a trace of surprise flashed by between his eyebrows. He seemed to have thought of something "It was rumoured that half a year ago, there was a young girl that appeared with the bloodline of darkness running in her body in the White Deer Academy of the Deer Mountain Range. She was chased and hunted by all parties, but was saved by a mysterious female sword immortal… I did not think that the rumoured girl would appear in front of me today…"

Song Xiaojun stood crisply in the air.

Both her arms were hugging the little toy bear. Her eyes were indifferent and cold, her gaze not even lingering in the least on the body of the [War God of Youyan Pass], whose might shook the entire Empire.

Yan Buhui's figure gradually floated beside Song Xiaojun. His gaze had with it mockery and contempt as he looked at Lu Zhaoge. The bone dagger in his hands was dripping with blood, blood trapped in the rivulet. The red liquid inside was automatically flowing, as if it had its own consciousness, wanting to escape from the white bone dagger. But it was firmly restrained upon the white bone dagger.

"It seems like the rumours are wrong. For you to have grown to such a stage in the time of half a year, this is not the normal bloodline of darkness. It is evidently the bloodline of the King of Darkness…” Lu Zhaoge's eyebrows moved, nodding his head. "I have been careless. I did not think you would grow up so quickly. Even more, I did not imagine the Unmoving City of Darkness, who would not interfere in mortal affairs, would stand on the side of the Demon Race, fighting for the Demon Race." "It is only a transaction,“ Song Xiaojun finally opened her mouth.

But it was five simple words.

She evidently did not like to speak.

In her voice, there was an iciness that seeped into one’s bones.

Just by hearing the voice, one could sense her stance that wanted to distance herself from them by ten thousand kilometers.

"Mm, so it was like this." Lu Zhaoge nodded his head "What sort of transaction? Could it be that the Unmoving City of Darkness has a request for the Demon Race."

Song Xiaojun hugged her little toy bear. "I don't want to say."

Lu Zhaoge fell silent.

The little girl in front of him gave off an extremely strange sensation.

This strange sensation did not come from her icy attitude. It was just that Lu Zhaoge sensed there was a conflicting aura on the body of the little girl. She seemed to be a demonic girl possessing the power of darkness that caused countless experts to shiver in fear. But she was also like a pure and innocent spirit without the slightest plan or machination.

Lu Zhaoge had once seen experts who had assimilated with the bloodline of darkness, the experts of the Unmoving City of Darkness. He had also experienced the power of flames of darkness.

But the sensation the young girl in front of him gave off, seemed as if she had not completely assimilated truly with the bloodline of darkness. There seemed to be something extra.

"Old man Lu, why are you still so curious when you are at your death's bed. Haha, do you have any last words?" Yan Buhui chuckled loudly.

On his face, there was wildness, arrogance and glee. This villain that normally was incomparably calm and indifferent, when facing Lu Zhaoge, seemed to always be in an abnormal state of agitation.

"We still do not know who is dying." On the face of Lu Zhaoge, there was another round of red light flickering, seeming extraordinarily bizarre.

"Hahaha, old thing, let’s see just how long you can suppress it for. The curse of the [Killing God dagger] as well as the burn of the true flames of darkness, is right now completely inside your body. Let me see just how long you can endure. Wahahahahah…” Yan Buhui began laughing loudly, lightly waving his hand. "Bye, this time next year, I will burn an incense for you, hahahaha…"

As he said these words.

His figure suddenly became gradually paler.

The Song Xiaojun hugging the little toy bear also began growing paler.

Within the air, a great shade covered everything.

Countless people lifted their heads to gaze at the gigantic black fortress that was like a towering mountain range that was high up in the air. It was unknown just when it had appeared, but the height it was in the sky had already greatly exceeded the control of the defensive formations of Youyan Pass. This fortress was as if it was cast from black steel, the ink black colour was as if it could absorb the light of the sun. There was an eternally slumbering metallic aura spreading throughout the air…

It floated within the air, as if it was the residence of a Fiendgod.

Two rays of pale black light shot out from within the black fortress. When it passed through the defensive formations in the air of Youyan Pass, there was not any reaction at all. This black light shone on Yan Buhui and Song Xiaojun's body. The originally pale figure of the two completely disappeared in the air with a swish…

What also disappeared were the tens of titled demon warriors.

It was as if everything was a dream that was blown away by the wind, leaving no traces behind.

The Youyan Pass that was known as impenetrable had let out a crowd of Demon Race easily.

Everything seemed to be fake.

But Lu Zhaoge did not act to stop them.

"The Unmoving City of Darkness?"

There finally was a trace of shock exposed on the always calm face of Lu Zhaoge.

His voice was somewhat hoarse, and when he opened his mouth, there were several drops of fresh blood that was spat out, heading towards all directions… "Great commander!" "Brother Lu…"

Liu Siufeng and Peng Yizhen went completely pale upon seeing this, instantly rushing over to support Lu Zhaoge.

In these twenty years, this was the first time that the [War God of Youyan Pass] had suffered an injury.

Lu Zhaoge's figure wobbled, but he lightly waved his hands, indicating that he was fine.

His gaze, was still staring into space, seeing the gigantic black fortress that was gradually ascending higher and disappearing…

The Unmoving City of Darkness.

There was nothing great to be surprised about Song Xiaojun's background, and that she came from the Unmoving City of Darkness. Seeing an expert of the Unmoving City of Darkness appear was not that great an event. In these years, there were constantly experts that descended upon this world with the bloodline of darkness running in their veins. But legend had it, the Unmoving City of Darkness that existed in the abyss of darkness, the home of all the experts of darkness had never appeared.

There were countless legends regarding the Unmoving City of Darkness circulating in this world.

But the Unmoving City of Darkness had only appeared in this world several times.

According to the legends, only until the King of Darkness was born could the demonic city situated in the abyss of darkness be controlled. Every time the Unmoving City of Darkness appeared, it represented the advent of a great disaster. The last time Lu Zhaoge had seen the Unmoving City of Darkness was before he had gotten famous. At that time, the Snow Empire had not yet been founded, and the Heaven Wasteland domain had just been newly excavated and the rules and order were not yet set. The Unmoving City of Darkness had once brought this young domain, a period of time were they were enveloped in darkness and ruled over, a fearful era…

It was only until later that the Devil Monarch of the Unmoving City of Darkness was killed by the experts not from Heaven Wasteland domain. Only until then did the era of darkness end.

The Unmoving City of Darkness once again returned to the dark, hiding within the abyss of darkness, waiting for an opportunity for them to come back once again.

This was also one of the reasons why all the lifeforms in the Heaven Wasteland domain would do their utmost to kill everyone from Unmoving City of Darkness— there was no one was willing to return to the era where they were ruled by darkness and enveloped by death.

In the long passing of time, there were constantly leftover forces from the Unmoving City of Darkness appearing, but this would not affect the overall situation.

But today, for the true Unmoving City of Darkness to appear… the meaning behind this caused one to shake with a cold chill.

Did this represent that the new devil monarch of darkness had already been born?

Could it be that young girl?

Lu Zhaoge once again spat out blood from his lips. There was an unprecedented tiredness that enveloped his body. Yan Buhui was not wrong; in the body of the [War God of Youyan Pass], there were two frightening powers that were currently madly destroying and harming him…

He stretched out his hand, sucking all the fresh blood that was falling to the ground in the air.

The mysterious power contained within the blood was different from normal people.

But this movement seemed to have agitated the injuries in his body. There was another mouthful of fresh blood that spat out from Lu Zhaoge's mouth.

He flicked his sleeve, once again sucking all the fresh blood he had spat out. His entire person transformed into a ray of light, heading towards the direction of the Pass Lord's residence like wind or lighting. Liu Siufeng and Peng Yizhen next to him dared not tarry, following after him with serious expressions.

They also realized the importance of the situation.

It was just that no one noticed that within the air, there was still a droplet of fresh blood that had not been sucked back. It fell from high up in the sky, heading towards the ground…

According to the legends, a drop of fresh blood from the extreme experts could kill top level experts.

Within the sky, the great [Army of Youyan Pass] slowly dispersed.

The formation airships left ship after ship.

On the ground.

Without that frightening pressure, Ye Qingyu could finally sit up.

Seeing the direction that Song Xiaojun had disappeared in, his expression finally settled down.

This time, Ye Qingyu did not rush in the air to shout the name of Song Xiaojun. He did not attempt to awaken Song Xiaojun's memories, because he knew that would not cause the slightest amount of change to the results today. Conversely, it would most likely make things worse…

There were some things that he must do, but at the opportune time and place.

Ye Qingyu stood up, patting away the soil on his back and buttocks, preparing to return.

But at this time, he seemed to have sense something.

He lifted his hand, stretching it out.

Plop.

A drop of fresh blood landed on the center of his palm.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 198:


Chapter 199 - A familiar face

From the moment the fresh blood touched his hand, Ye Qingyu felt a scorching burning intent that stabbed into his bones from the center of his palm.

This drop of fresh blood was like it was boiling. It constantly changed between a myriad of weird and wonderful forms, as if there was an incomparably frightful thing that was about to jump out from this drop of fresh blood. There was a ray of white light, a dim scorching red heat and a strange scarlet red power within this drop of fresh blood, as if they were three forces fighting for dominance, violently battling against each other.

Ye Qingyu lifted his head.

Just who did this drop of fresh blood belong to?

The next instant, Ye Qingyu felt as if his own palm had completely dissolved. This acute and fierce pain, along with a shred of numbness constantly came from his palm. This type of numbness very quickly began travelling through his entire body, causing him to be like a stone statue, not able to move in the slightest.

"Ai? Shit… just what is this?" Ye Qingyu was frightened by these turn of events. "I only lay on the floor to spectate a fight, why has the fire at the city gates affected the fish in the pond? The people who were fighting have ran away, who would have thought I would be killed by this inexplicable drop of blood?"

In only a few breaths time, Ye Qingyu felt that his entire person was about to be dissolved.

Just what should he do?

Ye Qingyu's scalp was also beginning to go numb.

If he was killed by a drop of blood, then it was far too tragic.

This was really a disaster that came out of the blue.

He could only rely on the [Supreme Ice flame].

Ye Qingyu focused his energies, using his full power to activate the [Supreme Ice flame] floating within his dantian. It transformed into a surging flow that instantly arrived at his palm and completely wrapped around the fresh blood that had immersed into his palm.

The [Supreme Ice flame] was known as the coldest flame. It could not only kill opponents, it could also destroy all materials in this world including the strange power of the cold poison.

Previously, Ye Qingyu had used the [Supreme Ice flame] to solve the poison of the snow white demon lizard.

As expected, once this chilling sensation travelled to his palm, he gradually recovered his senses.

Ye Qingyu moved his body about and could not help but feel apprehension after the event.

Just who did this drop of blood belong to?

Why was it so terrifying?

Ye Qingyu looked at his own palm.

He was able to sense that after the [Supreme Ice flame] had wrapped the droplet of blood, this droplet had different kinds of strange powers contained within. It did not dissolve like he had imagined, but instead was forced into the center of his palm, turning into a round birthmark. What was even more strange was that this perfectly round birthmark was neatly and tidily split into three equal parts - a scarlet red, a snow white and a dim red.

Three kinds of power.

There were three different kinds of power within the blood.

Ye Qingyu frowned.

He did not think that the [Supreme Ice flame] was unable to disintegrate the drop of blood at the first instant, but instead it forced the drop of blood into the center of palm. It seemed to not be able to destroy it directly and planned to fight a war of attrition.

Ye Qingyu crisply divided half of the [Supreme Ice flame] burning within his palm, completely trapping and confining this mark.

"I can only expend this blood little by little. I can only grind it down little by little to dissolve this drop of blood… just what is this, a drop of blood fell from the sky that nearly killed me… this is really unfortunate."

At the same time, there were formation airships travelling through the sky.

These were not the battle flying airships, but it was the patrolling airships for treatment and aid. Everywhere a thousand meters away from the [Breeze and Drizzle building] had already turned into a swathe of rubble. There were countless buildings that had fallen apart, and the death and injuries of the normal citizens were hard to quantify at this moment. This was the first time since Youyan Pass was created, the first time that the Demon Race had invaded in such large scale and caused such great destruction…

Thankfully, the [Breeze and Drizzle building] was near the great camp of the Vanguard, so the response of the army was very rapid. With the counterstrike of the experts of the army, on some level they had prevented this catastrophe from becoming any larger than it already was…

Youyan Pass was not like any other city of the Empire. The great [Army of Youyan Pass] had ran here for tens of years, and the internal functions were known as a steel board. Their effectiveness of doing things were extremely high. After the battle had ended, all sorts of aid and recovery programs began rapidly.

Two rays of light descended beside Ye Qingyu.

It was Wen Wan and Liu Zongyuan.

"Brother Ye, why are you here, are you okay?" Liu Zongyuan looked at Ye Qingyu, asking in concern.

"Good people do not live long, but villains live for thousands of years. How can this little bastard die, your worries are needless," Wen Wan said while rubbing his nose.

Ye Qingyu looked at Wen Wan, sighing and shaking his head. "In truth, I really envy you." "Eh? Why is that?" Wen Wan's eyes brightened.

Ye Qingyu gritted his teeth, saying word by word. "I really envy you that you were once my teacher in the past. Since you were my teacher, I have to give you face. Otherwise, I would long have broken your jaw because your words are so aggravating."

Wen Wan instantly froze from shock.

Liu Zongyuan could not suppress his chuckle.

"Let's first leave then speak. Today, the matter was grave, the battle just now…" When Liu Zongyuan spoke the next words, he suppressed his voice, "The Pass Lord seems to have been injured and his injuries are not light."

As he spoke of this key point, the atmosphere solidified.

This was definitely a grave matter that could affect the situation of the entire battlefield.

If the [War God of Youyan Pass], Lu Zhaoge was really injured, then for the [Youyan army] that regarded him as a deity, they would definitely suffer a huge blow in terms of morale.

Originally, they had injured Yan Buhui. This could be counted as dealing a heavy strike on the [Southern Incline Legion]. But they had not imagined that the power and forces of the Unmoving City of Darkness would interfere in this battle. The reemergence of the Unmoving City of Darkness, the ancient power of the dark abyss was enough to break past the heavy defenses and formations of Youyan Pass. Without any warning, they were able to smuggle experts of the Demon Race into the city, as well as take them away…

This made the Youyan Pass instantly turn into an utterly disadvantageous situation in terms of overall battle strategy.

The situation of the forces in this instant, completely flipped around.

This time, tens of titled warriors of the Demon Race had appeared. If the next time, the Unmoving City of Darkness directly transfer the great army of the [Southern Incline Legion] of the Demon Race to the city, just what sort of disastrous scene would this be?

The three conversed for a while, then Liu Zongyuan received a military order, heading back to the Vanguard.

Wen Wan also received a military order.

But he slightly delayed for a while. Waiting until Liu Zongyuan had left, he used his shoulder to nudge Ye Qingyu, his eyebrows lifting and his eyes winking. "Hey, that little girl that placed a bear's bum on the head of Pass Lord Lu, why do I feel that she's slightly familiar?"

Ye Qingyu gave him a glare. "I know what you mean, you want to use this to make a run on me isn't that right? I am only her classmate, but Mad Tiger Wen, don't forget that you were also once her teacher. You've taught her martial arts before, if we were to bear responsibility, you as a past teacher will also hold part of the blame." "Look at you, we were just conversing, why are you so cynical?" Wen Wan said righteously. "Do you think I am that kind of person?" "Haha…” Ye Qingyu laughed. "Of course you are."

Wen Wan was enraged like thunder. "Ye Qingyu, you, I am only concerned about you. Song Xiaojun is a piece of your heart. That girl is really crazy, to dare use a bear and press it against the Pass Lord's face, and to use fire to burn the Pass Lord. I feel that her days will be very splendid after this. At the very least, the experts in Youyan Pass will absolutely not let this girl go. Could it be that you are not worried?" "Worried about what?" Ye Qingyu smiled in satisfaction. "You've seen what she did to the Pass Lord. Do you feel that there is anyone that can threaten her? I feel like who I should be worried about are the experts in [Youyan army], they must not encounter her."

Wen Wan halted for a bit. "That's right… Hey, just what did that little girl eat growing up? Why has her strength grown so fast?" "You know yet you still ask," Ye Qingyu cursed at him.

Wen Wan chuckled.

After all the information from various channels of the army had been gathered and organized, what they received was information that there was a female student appearing half a year ago, a White Deer Academy student with the bloodline of the Unmoving City of Darkness inside her. Wen Wan had also heard this news, but he did not imagine that the girl would have been Song Xiaojun.

The power of an inherited bloodline was really terrifying.

As they spoke, there were suddenly a series of radiant lights flickering, like shooting stars that brightened the ash grey sky of Youyan Pass. A powerful yuan qi fluctuation began to be spread out…

This ray of light landed on the ground.

Several thousand meters away.

"Eh? There's an expert arriving?" Ye Qingyu was somewhat surprised.

It was the qi of another top level expert. And to so arrogantly fly through the air above Youyan Pass, it was likely that he possessed a great background.

Wen Wan pressed his lips together. "It doesn't look like the experts from the military, there’s no such person within the army. Looking at the type of qi, it seems to be someone from the sects… interesting, a true expert of the Sect has arrived."

A person from the sects?

Ye Qingyu subconsciously thought back to the Crepe Myrtle sect students.

After the previous interaction, he felt extremely disappointment towards the people of the sects. Especially the Crepe Myrtle sect that was known as one of the six greatest sects. The students like Wei Tianming and the others were only a crowd of rabble. As for the middle-aged shishu Liang Quan, he seemed exceedingly average. This caused Ye Qingyu's evaluation of the sects to not be high.

But the ray of light just now…

It was a truly powerful expert.

It seemed like the power of the sects could not be underestimated.

After all, they were mysterious existences that had existed for countless years. The history of the sects was such that some were even present before the Snow Empire was founded.

"I'm leaving," Wen Wan turned around and said his farewell. "Right now, you can already be counted as someone of the Vanguard. Quickly find a time to report as soon as possible, Commander Liu regards you with great importance. The situation within the city is still somewhat chaotic; there are many matters that you need to attend to in the city."

Ye Qingyu nodded his head. "I know."

Wen Wan transformed into a streak of light, disappearing in the sky far off.

Ye Qingyu stood where he was.

There was continuous sounds of cries from the rubble near him. The survivors, when they saw their families lying there covered in blood, could not hold back their tears. Their homes had been ruined, their houses destroyed. The bitterness of life had descended in an instant, the happy little lives of those poor normal citizens had been destroyed in an instant.

Ye Qingyu was able to see a young girl tens of age, hugging the corpse of her mother as she cried. There was also a white-haired old man that had the now cold body of his son in his embrace, tears dripping down his face. He was able to see… tragedies, one after another.

There were many more citizens that had turned into the food inside the Demon Race's belly.

Ye Qingyu was somewhat lost at this moment.

The world was vast. There were some things that you had no way of controlling nor any way of changing.

Ye Qingyu could not be sure whether there was a day when he would also cry without restraint just like this.

In this instant, his desire for strength, rose to an insatiable need.

Only with true strength, could he change everything.

He stood silently where he was.

Until someone lightly tapped him on his shoulder.

Turning around.

He saw a familiar face.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 199:


Chapter 200 - Saving people

“Young master?" Li Shizen wore the green medical robe of the Vanguard. He stood with a look of surprise behind Ye Qingyu.

He was one of the people who was sent to rapidly assist with the situation. Out of the people in this area, there were many people injured.

"Doctor Li?" Ye Qingyu began smiled. "Originally, I wanted to head towards the Vanguard to visit you, but who would have guessed that such a thing would happen and interrupt my plan… A planned visit cannot beat a coincidental meeting. What did you come here for?" "There are not enough people in the medical center nearby, so I came over to help." Li Shizen patted the black cowskin medicine box at his waist.

After spending half a year of time in the army, and the Youyan Pass being a place of bitter cold, Li Shizen was evidently much darker, somewhat lean, and looked ever older. But his vitality was still obviously good, Ye Qingyu could sense the surging life force in the old doctor's blood. It was even better than what it used to be.

"Ah, that's right, these are the letters that Qingqing told me give to you." Ye Qingyu took out a stack of letters from his interdimensional pouch, there were tens of them.

Li Shizen was part of the commoners enlisted to Youyan Pass. When he left, his position had not yet been confirmed therefore there was not a way for the address to be written on the letter. Furthermore, Youyan Pass belonged to one of the heavily guarded military frontiers. Ordinary letters must go through strict inspections. Li Shizen, once he had reached Youyan Pass, had already sent out several letters. But for an unknown reason, these letters had not yet arrived in the hands of her granddaughter Qingqing.

But for Ye Qingyu, he was a military officer with position, this was something that one could be sure of before he had departed from Deer City. Therefore, sending and receiving letters was an ordinary matter for him. Afterwards, Qingqing crisply decided to send the letters to Ye Qingyu. It was only that in this period of time, Ye Qingyu did not have the time to pay a visit to the Vanguard. There was also a conflict with Zhang San ongoing, a huge figure within the army so he did not contact the old doctor to prevent him from being affected in the conflict.

"Thank you, young master." LI Shizen held the bundle of letters, his emotions somewhat moved.

"Don't be so courteous, this is something I should have done." A person that he knew in the past and was also his elder, Ye Qingyu's tone was evidently respectful.

As he said this, there was someone from far away shouting Li Shizen's name. It was another military doctor. One could see several soldiers of the Vanguard, levering a collapsed stone wall away, and beneath it there were still several surviving citizens. But they had been injured. There was too much for one military doctor to do, so he quickly summoned Li Shizen over to help.

"Young master, I'll first go make myself busy." Li Shizen smiled, turning and running to give aid.“

Ye Qingyu originally still wanted to ask just what was the ancient pill formula the doctor had left him when Li Shizen departed from Deer City. But it seemed like there was not a chance to question him this time around anymore, he could only wait till next time.

Today. heading towards the Vanguard, he had originally wanted to pay a long visit to Li Shizen then go pay his respects towards the commander of the Vanguard Liu Siufeng. But since such a grave matter had occurred today, that even the [War God of Youyan Pass] Lu Zhaoge was suspected to be injured, it was most likely that Liu Siufeng would not have the time to see him.

Ye Qingyu thought it over. Since he did not have any pressing matters, why not just stay here and give his aid to save people.

As he thought to here, he began to take action.

Only Li Shizen knew Ye Qingyu's identity. To prevent any restraints, as well as exposing the relationship between himself and Li Shizen in front of so many people due to Zhang San, and causing Li Shizen unneeded trouble, Ye Qingyu did not go over to Li Shizen's area to give aid. Instead, he went to another place where people were giving out aid one or two kilometers away.

Within the air, there was still the faint trace of demon qi drifting in the air.

The remnants of battle still remained.

There were the sorrowful cries from far away, as well as the panicked calls in search of their family.

Apart from the organized aid by the military, there were many survivors that were citizens as well as people from outside the disaster areas that rushed to give aid. The unity of Youyan Pass was demonstrated. Lu Zhaoge and the military’s painstaking cultivation all over these years demonstrated its effect.

Ye Qingyu had a white robe, half his robe was covered with the bloodstains of the blood flame demon bear. His appearance seemed somewhat horrific, as if he was one of the lucky survivors.

"Are you a survivor? Your body is covered in blood, little brother, are you okay? Are the injuries severe?" The person responsible for giving out aid in this area was a minor military officer of the Vanguard. Seeing Ye Qingyu completely covered in blood, he was instantly shocked, quickly asking him.

"It's fine. I came over to help," Ye Qingyu replied with a smile. "This is someone else’s blood…"

Perhaps he was influenced by Ye Qingyu's positive outlook and smile despite the fact that he was covered in blood. The minor military officer patted Ye Qingyu on the shoulder saying, "Good man. Not bad, you are a hard man. If it is like this, then go over there to help…” The minor military officer pointed to a group of people nearby, arranging for Ye Qingyu to be allocated to a ten-man squad to give aid, responsible for lifting stretchers and moving things about.

Eh…

Ye Qingyu originally wanted to say that his strength was very great, he could do more to help.

But that minor military officer was completely swamped with work, he could not manage to get a word in. He turned around instantly and began allocating other duties.

Ye Qingyu could only shake his head, and run off, following a middle-aged man with a strap tainted with blood around his forehead. He began lifting the stretchers, carrying those injured people who were unconscious delivering them to a tent that the army had constructed at the first instant. There were specialist medical doctors that came to treat them, the entire procedure neat and orderly. The quality and the efficiency of the [Youyan army] could be seen.

"Little brother, are you okay, your body is covered in fresh blood…” the middle-aged man with a strap dyed with blood asked in concern. "Where's your family?"

Ye Qingyu waved his arms and legs saying, "It's fine, these are the blood of other people. Uncle, your head…”

The middle-aged uncle with a head strap dyed with blood spat saying, "Shit, I was really unlucky. I was sleeping in my room, when my house suddenly fell down. One of the beams fell on my head, nearly breaking it open…”

Youyan Pass was famed for its martial prowess. Even a normal citizen knew a few martial moves, so ordinary illness and injuries could not be counted as anything.

As Ye Qingyu carried the stretchers, there was the constant blabbering of the middle-aged uncle.

This kind of feeling was not bad.

"Quick, quick, quick, there is a person heavily injured over there. You two, quickly go over…" a far off military officer urged for them to hurry.

Ye Qingyu and the middle-aged uncle quickly ran over.

In such bustle, fifteen minutes had passed in the blink of an eye.

"There's still people beneath… my mother is still below. I beg you guys, save her, she must still be alive…" There was suddenly a howl that came from far off, it was a young man that had just awakened from being unconsciousness. Avoiding the obstruction and persuasion of the doctors, he madly ran out, going to his own collapsed house. He pointed at the collapsed stone on the floor, begging woefully for aid from the soldiers.

It attracted many people's attention.

The minor military officer who had arranged duties for Ye Qingyu, also came to have a look.

He carefully tapped on the stone wall, his palm placed flat against the collapsed stone wall rubble. Yuan qi emitted, and after detecting for a while, he shook his head slightly with a sigh. Speaking to the young man: "There are no longer any signs of life under. Your mother is perhaps… Ai, brother, restrain your grief and accept fate." "No, no, no, it's not like that. I saw with my own eyes, my mother being forced underneath the stone wall. Do you know, there's a well under this rubble, I saw my mother escaping into the well… she must be alive, she must… my mother won't die… Lord, I beg you…" The young man frantically explained. As he moved abruptly, the injuries on his back began dripping with fresh blood again.

"Little brother, first don't panic. Take care of your wound, I will do my best to think of a method." The young minor officer did his best to placate him.

Ye Qingyu instantly gave this young military officer several glances more.

He seemed to be around twentyish years of age, conspicuously refined with a clear and defined face. There was a slight scholarly air about him, not too similar from the rough and harsh quality of a normal soldier. Although he was very busy, but he was exceedingly patient, with a calm and undiscriminating expression on his face.

Very quickly, there was once again someone from the army helping to once again bandage the wounds of the young man.

There were several soldiers that came along, with the young officers and attempted to lift the collapsed stone wall on the ground.

There were several people that exploded with their strongest power, but they could not lift this stone wall at all. And because they worried about what the young man had said, that in the well below, the old woman still had a chance of survival. Therefore, they could not break the stone wall apart. They were somewhat lost for the moment.

Ye Qingyu observed the situation .

The stone wall was a meter thick, and the collapsed portion on the floor were the lengths of tens of meters. It had fallen from a stand of the military building, and should have been when the demon qi hurricane swept through the skies, and finally landing here. From a rough estimate, it was at least tens of thousands of pounds in weight.

The minor officer and the soldiers were only at the Ordinary Martial stage. For them to lift it was really difficult.

"Let me try," Ye Qingyu stood out of his own initiative.

The somewhat scholarly minor officer glanced at Ye Qingyu, and said with a questioning voice, "You… are you able?”

Everyone else looked at Ye Qingyu with a questioning expression.

After all, this white-robed youth was covered with blood, although his body was somewhat muscular, but his age still seemed to be very young.

Ye Qingyu gave off a slight smile. "I'll give it a try."

As he said this, both his hands held the edges of the wall. Exerting his strength slightly, the muscles in his arms suddenly bulged. With a low grunt, the ground quaked a little, then instantly the stone wall was lifted. Immediately, both his arms exploded with power and sent this stone wall directly flying out.

With Ye Qingyu's strength, to lift up a stone wall like this only needed a passing thought by him.

But today he did not want to reveal his identity, so he pretended it took more effort than it really did. The others looking at this scene thought Ye Qingyu had already exerted his maximum strength, but it still shocked everyone to silence for a moment. When the rubble and the dust from the wall landed, there was a period of praises and congratulations.

Underneath the stone wall, there really was a well exposed.

There was a weak sound from beneath.

"Someone's still alive… they are really alive."

As for the scholarly young military officer, he recovered from his stunned shock. Without saying anything, he directly jumped within the dried up well. After a while, when he jumped out, there was an aged old woman with snowy white hair on his back. The old woman had a broken wound on her head and was currently moaning in pain.

"Mother… mother… mother!" The previous young man charged madly towards her.

This scholarly military officer placed the old woman on the floor, loudly shouting. "Doctor Xu, quickly come and have a look, this old woman’s injuries are slightly serious. Quickly send someone to save her…”

The doctor surnamed Xu was also a young man. Carrying a medicinal box, he inspected slightly. "Her injuries are serious. This old woman's body is weak, we need to quickly transport her to the tent to treat her…

Before he’d finished.

A sharp and piercing voice suddenly came from the side, "Doctor? Just where has the doctor died to? Quickly scram over and have a look, my senior brother is injured, quickly come over and treat him…”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 200:


Chapter 201 - Do you have the requirements?

Everyone looked towards the voice.

They could see a young man wearing a brocaded robe around twenty years of age, holding his nose with one hand with irritation amidst all the dust. His other hand was constantly patting at some dirt on his sleeve, and was currently screaming for the doctors to attend to him.

This young man had purple-coloured silk robe, eagle nose, and his eyebrows were like blades. There was a scarlet red long sword held at his waist, and there was the pattern of the Great Dipper on the hilt of the sword. Every star was the colour of faint purple, and there was an indistinct peculiarity about it. There was a thick sense of self-importance in the tone of his words.

A person from the sects?

Ye Qingyu faintly frowned.

From the appearance of this hook nosed young man, he was evidently someone from the sects. This type of attitude where he thought he was better than anyone else was exceedingly similar to the people of the Jianghu he had met today at the [Breeze and Drizzle building]. They were evidently the same kind of people.

"Your senior brother is?" The scholarly minor military officer turned his head to look at the hook nosed young man. Giving off a gesture, he directed the military doctor to give emergency treatment to the old woman.

"Violet Seven Stars sect, [Heartbroken Palm], Qi Yong, is my senior brother." The hook nosed man had a face of pride and braggery, saying, "What about it? Do you know right now… whatever, talking to a tiny little officer like you is like playing a harp to a cow. Where is the doctor, quickly follow me…”

Violet Seven Stars sect?

Everyone let out a breath of shock together.

The Violet Seven Stars sect was one of the six greatest sects within Snow Empire, similar to the Crepe Myrtle sect. It could also be counted as one of the top secret martial grounds within the borders of Snow Empire. If one was comparing history and background, then the Violet Seven Stars sect had an even longer history than the Crepe Myrtle sect. It was an extremely ancient sect.

The scholarly young officer looked at the rather serious injury of the young man and his old mother that had already fallen unconscious. There was a face of conflict on him as he said, "Little brother, we only have one doctor here right now. There are also several injured people in the tent that needs treatment. If the injury of your senior brother is not particularly serious, then please wait for a short moment, or perhaps bring him towards the tent for treatment. How about this?"

Such a method could be counted as solving matters in a fair manner.

Ye Qingyu once again gave a second glance towards this scholarly military officer.

[Youyan army’s] lower ranking officers had really been trained well, one could not help but praise them. Comparatively, the soldiers of the camps that were the main participants of battle, their quality was higher many times over than the soldiers of the supply department. This made Ye Qingyu's impression of the [Youyan army] rise significantly.

But— "Who is your little brother? Are you fit to call me as brother? Also, what did you just say? Did you just dare to deny me?"

The hook nosed Viloet Seven Stars disciple instantly began inexplicably shouting.

In his eyes, there were both shock and rage. Pointing his finger at the nose of the minor military officer, he scolded loudly, "You are only a tiny low ranking officer. In my eyes, you are not even a fart. I give face to the [Youyan army] by asking you, but you really think you are someone special, to dare deny me? Are you looking to die? Speak, what is your name?"

Ye Qingyu nearly spurted out.

Just what kind of illness did he have?

Was he not just discussing matters with you?

Just when did he reject your request?

Was there a problem with the brain of this Violet Seven Stars sect disciple?

The scholarly young man was taken back. Evidently, he was also somewhat nonplussed by the fierce reaction of the hook nosed disciple.

But his temperament was extremely well. He patiently waited until the hook nosed young man had finished scolding him and pointing at his nose, covering his entire face with spit, then said, "I am discussing this with you right now. There is only one military doctor, and there are many injured people over there, therefore…” "Saying so many things to me, I don't even care. Just say it. Will you fucking allow the military doctor to follow me over?" The hook nosed Violet Seven Stars disciple was like a rabid dog.

There were expressions of rage on the surrounding soldiers.

Although he was a disciple of a great sect, but this was far too arrogant.

The minor officer's expression was calm as it ever was. Taking a step back, he avoided the finger of the hook nosed man from stabbing into his eyes. With a smile, "Then can you bring your senior disciple here, so it will be more convenient…"

Before he had finished, the hook nosed Violet Seven Stars sect disciple left in a rage.

"You wait."

He left his parting words.

Everyone looked at each other.

Just what was this?

He completely did not listen to reason at all.

Ye Qingyu had a faint feeling in his heart, that from the current performance of this Violet Seven Stars sect disciple, the matter would not end as easily as this. He had already personally experienced the arrogance and overbearingness of the people from the sects "Fine, everything's good, everyone quickly get on with their business." The minor officer acted as if nothing had happened, clapping his hands and continuing to direct people in aiding the injured people.

Doctor Xu was extremely well-practiced as he took care of the wounds, bandaging it. Thankfully, he was well-experienced and there was not a lack of medicines and the like. The injuries of the young man and his mother very quickly stabilized, with no current threat to their lives.

Seeing that the old woman had stopped moaning and her breathing stabilized, the young man was extremely grateful.

He did not pay attention to his own wounds, rushing to kneel in front of the officer as well as the military doctor to express his thanks. Then he came to in front of Ye Qingyu, respectfully paying his thanks, "Thank you my benefactors, thank you. I, Wang Xiao'er will forever engrave this great kindness you have done for me… if not for you guys, my mother would have definitely died. My lowly life will forever belong to you, my lords…”

"Little brother, quickly get up. Saving someone is something that we should be doing anyway." The scholarly young military officer quickly assisted Wang Xiao'er up.

The time right now was already somewhat late.

The others quickly utilized the time to give aid, completely searching through the collapsed structures carefully.

With Ye Qingyu's aid, a person with herculean strength, the process of giving aid underwent smoothly without problems. Before the sun had set, the area the minor officer was in charge of was basically completely clean and finished. Every survivor was safely extracted and was currently undergoing treatment. Ye Qingyu slapped his hands. The dirt all around his body as well as the bloodstains left over from the battle were still there, but his mood was extremely good.

He had originally come from a common background. When he was small, he grew up playing in the commoner's area. Today, he once again interacted with the citizens of Youyan Pass. It made him faintly feel that he had once again returned to the feeling that he possessed when he was small. It made him feel even more satisfied than cultivating for the entire day. For Ye Qingyu, this was a relaxation of his mind and spirit.

"Little brother, thank you for today. You've done us a great help." The minor officer patted Ye Qingyu on the shoulder, continuously expressing his thanks. He said again, "With such a natural divine strength, you are definitely a good material for practicing martial arts. It's a pity… your age is slightly too old to start. But you will still be in time if you start now. How about this, are you interested to join the Vanguard? There are several martial instructors within the Vanguard, it will allow you to fully utilize your heaven sent divine strength."

This military officer was not able to recognize Ye Qingyu's real identity.

Ye Qingyu had a faint smile. "I will consider it well. Officer… there are still matters that I have to attend to at home, farewell."

Saying this, he turned and left.

"Eh? What's your name? The contributions you have made today, I will return and report it to my officer and mark it down. There will also be a monetary reward sent to your house…" the scholarly officer shouted loudly.

Ye Qingyu smiled, waving his hand, indicating it was fine. He turned and disappeared in a street far off.

"This little kid is definitely good material . I wonder why he has not entered the military," the scholarly officer said such words calmly, a slightly smile on his face.

The surrounding people also smiled.

Ye Qingyu's performance had left a very good impression with everyone.

At this time, cold laughter came from the side.

“Haha, Li Xiu, is this the minor officer that you mentioned?" Another young man wearing decadent purple robes came from the side, his complexion white and clean. He seemed to not even be twenty years of age, with a nobility and a bossiness about him. The clothing he was wearing was the attire of the disciples of the Violet Seven Stars sect.

Behind him were five or six other Violet Seven Stars sect disciples, their atmosphere unfriendly.

One of them was namely the madly furious hook nosed man that came to find a military doctor.

“That's right junior disciple Lin. This minor military officer is utterly arrogant, he completely did not give face to the Violet Seven Stars sect." The hook nosed man embellished and exaggerated the story as he retold the tale. The gaze that he looked at the officer with was filled with sinisterness and glee.

"You are the disciples of the Violet Seven Stars sect? I wonder if the senior disciple, [Heartbreaking Palm] Qi Yong, has arrived?" The complexion of the minor officer did not change, clasping his hands. "The military doctor will be free in a moment, he can inspect the injuries of your senior brother…" "hahaha…" the hook nosed man began laughing madly, pointing at the nose of the scholarly man. Loudly shouting, "Brutish dog, are you afraid right now? I peh, do you regret your actions beforehand? Your military doctor is free right now, but my senior brother Qi is not free now… to play games with me, I'll make your dog eyes blind."

The minor officer still did not get angry, patiently explaining, "Everything is first come first served. Furthermore, the situation was…" "I don't want to hear your many explanations." The person called junior disciple Lin impatiently waved his hand. "What's your name? Say it, and come personally to apologize in front of senior brother Qi. If you do so, I will not pursue this matter any further."

As these words were said, the surrounding civilians and soldiers were enraged.

These disciples of the sects were perhaps far too arrogant and despotic. One could not even see their shadow when others were giving aid, but right now they came to cause a disturbance and insult others. This really was taking it too far.

This scholarly military officer frowned. "I still have matters to attend to, I can't leave. How about this, after I finish allocating the injured members, then I'll come over and apologize personally to your senior brother Qi.”

His temperament was unexpectedly good.

But this noble young man would not give him any leeway at all. " Right now, come and apologize this instant. If you delay any longer, I'll break your legs and drag you like dragging a dead dog."

At this time, the soldiers beside him could not bear it any longer, angrily shouting, "You people of the sects are taking it too far, pressing us every time. Just where do you think this is? This is Youyan Pass, the great headquarters of the [Youyan army]. A crowd of Jianghu people to dare point and direct an officer of the Empire?"

The hook nosed man and the others hearing this, fell silent for a while.

Then there was great laughter coming from them.

"Hahahaha…" "The officers of the Empire? I'm so afraid." "Junior brother Lin, it seems like these brutes still do not know our identity.“ "Hey hey, quickly tell them junior brother Lin's identity, otherwise these military brutes will not admit defeat."

The young Violet Seven Stars sect disciples mocked them, looking at the soldiers like they were looking at clowns.

The lips of junior brother Lin also curled in a mocking and faint curve.

The hook nosed man standing next to junior brother Lin cleared his throat and said in a gleeful manner, "Listen well, my junior brother Lin, is the grandnephew of the Right Minister. Inheriting riches and honour, he is a fourth class Imperial Marquis. He is someone from a true family with the pure blood of the nobility of the Empire running through him… Haha, how about it. With junior brother Lin's status, to teach a tiny little officer like you a lesson, does he have the requirements?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

