Chapter 405:


"Just what is this power?"

Ye Qingyu rose from the stone bed. His figure flashed, coming to to the sky well high above the stone palace.

Lifting his head, he could already see that the massive black demonic palm was already less than a hundred meters away. It was illusory, but also seemed real, the muscles and wrinkles on its body exceedingly clear. There was a queer bizarre formation light fluctuating between the wrinkles, as if they were nether light locks. It was neither bright nor dim, and an endless black demonic flame emitted from the formations. The space was like it was crushed by this gigantic palm.

With Ye Qingyu's current cultivation, he had no way of understanding just what sort of power this was.

But one thing he could be sure of was, was that before this gigantic black demonic palm of flames, he had absolutely no way of resisting.

Within the air, the black demonic flames burned.

There was light flickering within Ye Qingyu's brain.

Just who was it that would dare to act so unrestrained within the capital, and attack the [Light Palace]?

From it's aura, it was obviously extremely evil and sinister. It was definitely not benign. According to the legends, there were some evil cultivation techniques during the age of sects, could this be a remnant from the age of sects?

As the aura of the demonic flames came crushingly down, Ye Qingyu felt like he was only a worm.

In a split second, the black demonic flame palm had already completely shrouded above him.

Ye Qingyu's entire body was locked into by the demonic qi, he had no way of avoiding at all.

A force like that of a demonic Far Ancient Age mountain collapsing came pressuring down. All of Ye Qingyu's joints let out creaks of protest, the blood in his body seemed to flow in the other direction. There was the possibility of exploding at any second and even his breathing had stopped...

When Ye Qingyu's body nearly could not withstand such pressure and was about to split apart, a mysterious gentle energy appeared above him.

This was namely that mysterious energy that had prevented Ye Qingyu form walking out of the [Light Palace].

At that instant, the pressuring force emitted by that demonic palm completely disappeared.

Ye Qingyu gulped deep breaths of air...

At the same time, below the floating stone steps, the Spirit monkey statue that had always remained silently standing there at the edge of the Earth Fire sword pit exploded as expected. HIs tightly closed eyes opened, and it was as if a scarlet red magma burst from his eyes. Two pillars of light from his eyes shot into the sky, piercingly towards that demonic palm.

Che!Che!Che!

Like fire shooting at thin ice, the light sound of ice melting came over.

The black demonic palm dispersed, becoming incomplete. But that black demonic flame still struck from another angle, quickly repairing the areas that the black demonic flame palm had become incomplete.

Faintly, it was as if there was a Fiendgod of the Far Ancient Age roaring and howling.

On that pure black demonic palm, the nether light of those formation chains began flickering madly. From far above, there was howl of rage after howl of rage. It was as if some terrifying lifeform was roaring from beyond the vortex of air that wanted to leap through time and space and appear above the capital.

But the Spirit monkey statue did not make any reaction whatsoever.

It's eyes suddenly opened. A scarlet red ight, the thickness of a finger, soundlessly shot towards the demonic palm.

"There is only a shred of the Spirit monkey's consciousness within the stone palace. Just how long will it be able to withstand such an onslaught?"

Ye Qingyu lifted his head, witnessing such a horrifying scene.

The black demonic palm was still contesting against the scarlet red light that emitted from the Spirit monkeys eyes.

As the palm and that light fought, they would constantly be destroyed, then constantly be reformed. The howls of anger and frustration within the air was like a monstrous voice that did not belong to this world.

At this time, Ye Qingyu had already utterly believed in what the battle companion had said.

Right now, he could be sure that the large demonic black palm was namely targeting himself.

It had came here to kill him.

Right now, his current situation was like thin fleetting ice.

If not for the Spirit monkey battle companion preventing this, if he had really walked out from the [Light Palace], then within three days, his corpse would lie dead within the capital. The Ye Qingyu right now, finally faintly understood, the meaning of the disturbance he had at the City of Light in the eyes the major figures of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Or perhaps, it was just how terrifying a disturbance, the first Lord of the Light Palace, the existence that had created the [Light Palace], had caused.

In the past, no one could suppress him at all.

But then he disappeared.

Although others did not know why a person of such cultivation would disappear, but in these many years, all parties had reached an agreement. And that was that they absolutely would not permit a second of such existence from appearing.

They would rather kill an innocent than let anyone suspicious go.

Although they were not sure whether Ye Qingyu would become an existence like that Lord, but for him to have caused such a great scene, they would absolutely not permit him to grow any longer.

"That person of the past, just what did he do, that he would provoke and enrage so many enemies."

Ye Qingyu could not help but sigh.

At this time, the victor of the battle above his head had already been decided.

The recovery of that demonic palm, ultimately could not catch up to the speed at which the eyes of the Spirit monkey statue destroyed it at. The instant the balance was broken, the two scarlet red lights vibrated, then the black demonic flames throughout the skies were broken apart. There was faintly a cry of pain from high above, then the light shot towards the skies towards an unknown direction instantly.

The black demonic palm was completely dispersed like the clouds.

What also disappeared was that terrifying energy fluctuation within the air.

The eyes of the Spirit monkey statue once again closed, becoming a silent statue.

That ray of light the thickness of a finger also disappeared at the instant the eyes closed.

Then, ten breaths later.

From deep within the skies, a horrifying and chaotic energy fluctuation blew apart the wind and clouds and then disappeared. There was suddenly minute rain coming down with the [Light Palace] at its center for a ten thousand meter radius. The raindrops were faint black, like it was not very concentrated ink. There was a bloody stench that made one vomit, but thankfully it did not cause any harm to anyone...

Ye Qingyu stood upon the stone palace, his spirit being shaken.

The power of the enemy was even more horrifying than his imagination.

And the power of that Spirit monkey statue was even more terrifying than his imagination.

In less than ten breaths of time, when less than ten percent of the people within the capital had realized that terrible battle had ended, the self defence formations above the air of the Capital finally recovered. There was a strange light that flickered, as well as battleship after battleship that came patrolling over. It was only that, everything no longer had anything to do with Ye Qingyu.

To be able to break apart the defence formations above the capital, to be able to so openly disregard the Imperial family. In this world, just how many of such people existed?

Ye Qingyu returned to the stone palace. Siting on the stone bed, he began cultivating.

His heart was calm, as if nothing had happened whatsoever.

A night passed.

The second day, the wind and sun was beautiful.

On the streets ,there were still people cursing at that strange rain. There was still a faint stench of decay within the air.

Inside the City of Light.

Ye Qingyu sat at the foundation stone of the stone palace. After eating breakfast, he gave advice and directions for the training and cultivation of Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er, Li Qi and Li Ying. Ximen Yeshui and Wen Wan both had somewhat serious expressions, and waiting along with Liu Jingyan and the others, as if they were waiting for Ye Qingyu to say something...

But after Ye Qingyu gave directions to his four discples in name, he returned to the stone palace to cultivate without saying anything at all.

The questions that everyone had could only remain in their hearts for the time being.

The next few days, it was as if everything was calm and peaceful.

But on the fifth night, there was suddenly the strike of lightning and rumble of thunder fromm the skies, dark clouds forming. This seemed to be the first spring thunderstorm that greeted the capital this year. In that entire night, there was hidden lightning striking and silver-coloured thunderbolts were like silver light fiercely dancing. Such a huge turmoil shook all the people of the capital, with no one sleeping well...

On the next day, everything had recovered to normal.

Everyone was shocked to discover, after such a rainstorm, many of the water reservoirs people had in their own houses were not yet full. The rivers within the capital also had not risen much. The amount of rain and people's expectations did not match, and the streets and ground were only slightly damp...

Only the Ye Qingyu within the stone palace knew, just what had happened that night.

Under the coverage of the entire skies rumbling with thunder and lightning, there were tens of bolts of lightning that seemed to head towards the [Light Palace] unintentionally. The power of every bolt of lighting, was able to instantly annihilate him into ashes and destroy him. But thankfully none of them was able to pass the protective barrier of that mysterious gentle power...

On the nineteenth day, another strange change ocurred.

The stars in the sky seemed to move.

A fallen star appeared inbroad daylgiht. Under the sight of the countless people of the capital, it transformed into a gigantic fireball. Like Heavenly wrath, it left a trace through the air, a trail of fire and smoke that was thousands of meters long as it headed towards the capital...

The capital was shaken.

There was blade light after blade light, shooting out from the Residence of the Imperial group of Gongfengs.

When the huge falling meteor was about three thousands meters above the air, it was struck by a blade. It turned into sparks through the skies, and ultimately disappeared...

Ye Qingyu sat above the sky well and witnessed such a scene.

"Which of the Imperial Gongfengs has acted? This time, the Spirit monkey finally doesn’t have to act." He smiled: "But from the direction the meteor was heading, it seemed to be striking straight towards the [Light Palace]..."

To be able to attract the stars and meteors of the skies, such a power was somewhat unbelievable.

In these past few days, because of himself, old monsters one after another came and jumped out in the capital.

And this was only a beginning.

Time flowed by.

Lightning struck, meteors fell.

All sorts of bizarre scenes appeared in the capital twenty or thirty times in the short space of less than three months. Some came without warning or premonition, and was only something that Ye Qingyu was aware of. Some caused such a great disturbance, that everyone in the capital knew of it.

There were gradually all sorts of rumours appearing within the capital, thanks to this and the appearance of that fearful Divine Sword of Light.

Some people said the Human Race had wronged, and had inccured the wrath of the deities. Therefore these strange sights were only a warning.

Some people disregarded this completely and said that it was due to the Imperial family having committed a great wrong. The Snow Emperor had hidden himself away and the Crown Prince was too average, so it incited the wrath of Heavens...

Some people said it was the fact that the Heavens was not happy with the corruption of the Right Minster and his officials, warning the Imperial family of Snow Empire...

There was a day, that Ye Qingyu discovered poison that would be able to kill experts at the River level of the Bitter Sea stage. If not for the fact that he controlled the [Supreme Ice Flame] to instantly dissolve such an acute poison, he would perhaps really be in danger...

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 406:


Ye Qingyu naturally believed in Mother Wu.

But thinking of the forces that wanted to kill him, all sorts of methods began to be used. There was ultimately someone who really fooled everyone, and managed to deliver poison into his mouth. Thinking of the methods and power at such a person's disposal, there was cold sweat coming from Ye Qingyu's back.

But he did not mention this matter to other people.

As time passed, there were all sorts of killing methods and assassinations attempted that targeted Ye Qingyu. In the blink of an eye, another three months had already passed.

In this half a year, Ye Qingyu had already gotten used to all kinds of killing attempts that would suddenly appear.

Thanks to the Spirit monkey companion blocking it, as well as the protection of the [Supreme Ice Flame], every assassination attempt was like rumbling thunder. It seemed dangerous every time, but every time he was able to survive without any harm being done to him.

When Ye Qingyu was bored, he had counted how many of such attempts there were.

If not for the protection of the Spirit monkey statue, he would have died at least twenty-five times already.

Slowly, Ye Qingyu began to understand.

Such assassination attempts were not only because they tageting him. It was that others wanted to use such a method to test the [Light Palace], to test the Spirit monkey battle companion, or even to test the Lord that had disappeared for a hundred years. The shadow left in the hearts of people by the [Light Palace] was really too large. Even now, if they wanted to act, there were still apprehension in their hearts.

Ye Qingyu also began to grow used to such days.

Apart from giving advice and direction to his four disciples in name everyday, Ye Qingyu did not care about the other matters of the [Light Palace].

For Liu Jingyan as well as the other Envoys of Light that had been previously appointed, everything seemed to have returned to the laziness and leisurely state of the past. The imagined thunderous discipline that would arrive because Ye Qingyu was a newly appointed officer did not arrive. The big fatty military officer, who was originally fearful and apprehensive, also relaxed a lot more. Seeing the newly appointed Lord of the Light Palace did not blame him for being so undisciplined with his soldiers, there were faint sounds of wagering and gambling that again sounded out within the practice grounds of the second area in these couple of days...

The newly appointed Envoy of Light, Wen Wan, was not any different from these old hands. The entire day he had nothing to do, and very quickly became firm friends with Liu Jingyan and Dai Youmeng.

Originally, Yan Hengshui was a military officer at the borders. He had ambition in his heart, and always wanted to achieve something great. But it was a pity that he was suppressed and isolated by his foolish superior, his talent unable to be fully demonstrated. There were even times that he had nearly died, and he had been assigned to guard the provisions. The passion in his heart gradually died down as a result of this.

The previous Lord of the Light Palace went to the border frontier and encountered Yan Hengshui. Seeing his remarkable strength for his young age, he had paid careful attention. After observing for a while, he returned to the capital and immediately placed an order for Yan Hengshui to be transferred into the [Light Palace], and become an Envoy of Light.

If it was in terms of strength alone, then the Yan Hengshui at that time was only at the seventy Spirit springs cultivation. The reason that the previous Lord of the Light Palace decided to favour him was that he wanted to raise him into his close confidant. The other was that he had no choice; after all, the [Light Palace] had been in a long state of decay. There were already very little experts at the level of Yan Hengshui.

But such an appointment had shaken the borders.

The incompetent superior that had once made things difficult for Yan Hengshui, after learning about this appointment, was nearly scared to death. He thought that Yan Hengshui had connections within the capital, and scrammed over to apologize, allowing for Yan Hengshui to vent his vicious frustration.

Yan Hengshui was excited, thinking that the opportunity for him to display his talents had finally arrived.

Who would have guessed, that only after entering the [Light Palace] did Yan Hengshui discover that everything was different from his imaginations. The [Light Palace] was just a title in name without power. He had only switched places, he was still an insignificant minor character...

The Yan Hengshui whose heart had grown cold, spent the large majority of his time immersed in the martial path, practicing like he was mad everyday.

Perhaps it was because he had stilled his heart and had no worries or ambitions, but it had a miraculous effect. In less than ten years of time, he took a step that many peak stage Spirit spring experts were unable to do so; he entered into the Bitter Sea stage.

Ye Qingyu had entered into the Light Palace and he had caused such a commotion. It caused there to be a shred of hope to rise within Yan Hengshui's originally still heart. Who would have thought that in these months Ye Qingyu would have no actions and remain where he was, making him grow disappointed yet again.

The other envoy of light  Li Changheng, was originally the eldest son of a middle class noble family in the capital. Originally, he had significant status, and adding to this his exceptional martial talent, he was once one of the famous noble young masters of the capital. But it was a pity a transformation occurred. His fiance that he deeply loved broke apart their marriage contract to become one of the Thirteen Bloody Eagles of the Right Minister...

Li Changheng suffered a setback, and wanted to fight back. But the power of the Right Minister was too vast, it was not something his family could compete with. He was humiliated and laughed at, nearly causing his family to break apart and perish...

The he who had suffered an injury of the heart gradually grew silent. Ultimately, he drifted apart from his circle of friends, becoming a decent laughing stock in the capital. Two years ago he directly went to the [Light Palace] and became one of the Envoys of Light. With alcohol as his companion, he gradually dimmed out of sight.

Thankfully, due to his excellent martial talent and deep cultivation, and for the fact that he had often been forced to practice with the little martial madman Yan Hengshui, his martial cultivation had not fallen much in these two years.

These two people both had their misfortunes and injuries in their heart. They had come to the [Light Palace] to escape from their wounds.

Seeing Ye Qingyu's performance, their hearts also quickly grew cold.

But Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui were people who acted familiar with you no matter what. Even if Yan Hengshui and Li Changheng were somewhat solitary, they could ultimately not avoid the entanglement of the two and gradually became friends with them.

Of course, there was still Little Nine.

After receiving the identity as the beloved pet of the Lord, he abused this position incessantly. This was especially so for the soldiers of the Light Camp, they were unendingly abused by Little Nine...

There was a massive change that occured in the [Light Palace], but in reality, it could be said that nothing had changed whatsoever.

The outer world that had been paying attention to the movements of the [Light Palace] also gradually relaxed their surveillance. They realized that the imagined thunderous restructuring had not arrived, and the Divine Sword of Light that shot towards the heavens was only an image.

Four months later, the conversations that were invoked by Ye Qingyu bringing the [Light Palace] back to life slowly died down.

Ye Qingyu had already felt this was strange. After he suddenly became the Lord of the Light Palace, the legendary Crown Prince had never appeared. Perhaps the situation made this next in line to be the Emperor somewhat disappointed. He originally expected for Ye Qingyu to become a great aid fo him, but who would have guessed he would be trapped in the [Light Palace], becoming a useless chess piece.

Ye Qingyu's heart, gradually calmed down.

Cultivation was the main, unchanging, eternal topic of his everyday life.

The Spirit monkey was right. The formation that was crawled out by the Silver snake that came from the palace was incomparably deep and profound. It could draw in the earth fire from within the sword pit, and purify the fire poison from within the Earth Fire, and become somewhat heterogeneous yuan qi power. After the purification of the stone chair, stone table and stone bed, such a power had become extremely filtered and could finally be absorbed for martial cultivation.

The yuan qi power that he was able to absorb within the [Light Palace], was extremely dense.

Training in such an environment was equal to training in the ancestral land of the Imperial family. He could cultivate at twice the speed with half the effort.

The stone bed and chair had a strange effect. Aftering sitting on it, it could instantly make Ye Qingyu enter into the most optimum cultivating state. There was no flaws as he activated his cultivation technique, and even his ability to comprehend was boosted. He could enter a strange spirit state at any moment.

In these four months, Ye Qingyu's strength rose rapidly.

The hundred Spirit springs hidden within his desert world in his dantian constantly and unendingly spouted out yuan qi water. When he used his consciousness to use inner vision, he could see everything within the desert dantian world. With the hundred springs in his heart, small creeks of water where spreading about like a strong vine, encroaching around the surroundings.

The water that came from different Spriit springs had already started merging together. It constantly grew, the surface of the water widening, the flow of the water growing faster, and ripples rising. A strange state was currently being nourished in the yuan qi waters of the creek.

This was a qualitative transformation.

Ye Qingyu's current cultivation, was already at the peak of the Creek stage.

If he took a further step forward, broke apart the barrier of the desert separating these springs apart, and merged all the waters of the creek into one, he would go to the next stage. It he could connected the creek waters, if he could completely merge the eyes of the hundred Spirit springs together so that the creeks would widen, the flow of the water would quicken, and mist would spread, the water qi nourishing the two edges, then he would succeed. At that time, a creek would become a stream, and a stream would become a great river. At that time, he could be said to have entered into the River stage of the Bitter Sea stage.

In these four months of cultivation, relying on the nourishment of the formation at the [Light Palace], Ye Qingyu completed this feat in the shortest time. This was something that others would need several years, perhaps several tens of years before they could accumulate such yuan qi.

Within his body, yuan qi roared. Within his dantian world, there was only the barrier of a hundred barren desert sandbanks to overcome, before he could become a River stage expert of the Bitter Sea.

In these days, he began giving less and less pointers to Bai Yuanxing.

Even Liu Jingyan, and the others sensed the flourishing inner yuan state within Ye Qingyu creating a vast vortex around Ye Qingyu's body. Even someone who was not a martial expert could see the space around Ye Qingyu warping, as if there was some sort of dust particle swirling around him, blocking light.

Such a strange sight attracted the attention of many people.

Liu Jingyan, Dai Youmeng and the others, after seeing Ye Qingyu, were shocked and envious.

Because they instantly realized that this was the vast surging energy caused at the instant before a martial expert broke through after reaching a peak state. A powerful energy that could not be controlled by their body caused such an appreciation of yuan qi around their body.

But such a sign represented that a great breakthrough was about to arrive.

At that time, there was an urgent document that came from the south east province from tens of thousands of miles away. It was carried by a piercing cloud eagle that shot fowards like lightning. Everywhere it passed, layer after layer of defensive formations were neutralized and patrolling airships also retreated...

A black lightning shot through the skies.

Like a bolt of haze, it passed through the eyes of countless people. It ultimately landed at the very apex of the military department, flashing by.

An urgent report from the borders.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 407:


The Ye Qingyu who was situated within the [Light Palace], naturally did not pay attention to the urgent piercing cloud eagle.

Right now, he was at the most crucial moment of breaking through.

Sitting cross-legged above the jade stone bed, his eyes focused on his breathing, his breathing focused on his heart. Activating the nameless breathing technique, he fell in a meditative state, activating all the yuan qi energy within his power.

Before entering the stone palace, Ye Qingyu had already completely liquefied the inner yuan within his body, truly entering the Bitter Sea stage.

The stage he wanted to breakthrough to was namely the River Stage of the Bitter Sea.

Right now, the desert world within Ye Qingyu's dantian had thunder and lightning rumbling, cloud swirling and air steaming. The winds and clouds moved, water swirling. A mad and berserk rainstorm was currently being created and bolts after bolts of heaven shattering lightning exploded, as if these bolts of lightning were about to destroy the entire world.

Within the desert world, the waters of the streams had also become explosive.

The riverbeds of the streams constantly gathered, little streams becoming little rivers. The waters of the rivers rumbled, as if it was being moved by an invisible energy. It caused wave after wave to constantly charge forward. When the waters of the river had reached it's end, the charging water once again created new pathways...

The sand and soil blocking the way of the river were constantly being charged past.

The water constantly gathered.

The sand and soil were constantly being broken apart.

The explosive streams of water were like restless brushes. It continuously drew water coloured marks crossing over each other on the grounds of the desert. Line after line of water was drawn on this barren and lifeless desert world, causing the entire world to slowly become bright and fresh.

If one viewed this from above, the paths of the rivers were like ancient formations. It drew strange patterns on the ground of the desert. A mysterious power, was seeping in and changing this strange world bit by bit.

The Ye Qingyu who had immersed himself entirely into the dantian world, seeing this scene, , suddenly had a idea.

The marks of the yuan qi rivers, since it was so like formations, if he caused them to become true formations, would a miraculous thing occur?

Such a thought, was like a madly growing vine that began to uncontrollably take root within Ye Qingyu's heart.

After a brief hesitation, Ye Qingyu decided to try.

Trying such an extra matter at the crucial moment of breaking through was an extremely dangerous matter.

But without knowing why, a strong instinct rose within Ye Qingyu's heart. He became increasingly determined.

The clear spring waters were formed from Ye Qingyu's inner yuan. It was the fruits of his bitter cultivation, it was the energy source of a martial expert. It naturally could be controlled by a martial expert. Under Ye Qingyu's intentional direction, the waters of the river started to roar, and charge at the soil, creating a new river path according to an intended direction.

But very quickly, Ye Qingyu encountered another issue.

His own formation knowledge, although it had some foundation, but it was after all, something he had learnt on his own. It was not as excellent as a true formation grandmaster. Just what sort of river formation pattern should he excavate within the desert world in his dantin?

After careful thought, Ye Qingyu decided to use the hundred and eight ancient characters-- that is, to etch such characters in the shape of the rivers within the desert world.

The strokes of the ancient characters, flashed by in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

He controlled the rivers to constantly change its path amongst the dry and withered land. Cutting through soil, using the powerful flow of the water, he created ordered and uniform paths.

Without question, this was much more difficult than previously allowing the yuan qi waters to automatically create the river paths as the water flowed.

Following the strokes of those ancinet characters needed river paths to be created on mountains and high grounds. The water flow needed to excavate harder rocks and soil, which needed a much greater force from the water. The expenditure of yuan qi was many times greater than normal.

Time passed by minute by minute, second by second.

The one hundred and eight ancient characters gradually began to be formed.

In the blink of an eye, another month had passed.

Ye Qingyu had never been in closed isolation training for as long as this.

Outside the stone palace.

Every morning, Liu Jingyan and the other Envoys of Light would come and report to him.

But in this month, they had not seen Ye Qingyu appear at all.

Without Ye Qingyu, they had no way of approaching those floating stone steps, so they had completely no clue of what was happening within the stone palace.

Such news naturally began to spread out through some channels.

Only those people who truly understood how terrifying the Palace of Light was would still pay attention to such a place after everyone’s attention had diverted elsewhere. Ye Qingyu, as the Lord of the Light Palace, because he had not appeared for a whole month, it caused several people to feel unrest.

Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er as well as Mother Wu waited everyday.

The divine doctor, the Pill God as well as Lin Baiyi waited for Ye Qingyu's reappearance.

Or perhaps, they were waiting for something different happen.

Amidst such expectation, time passed by exceedingly slow.

Within the stone palace.

Ye Qingyu was like a statue, sitting on the jade stone bed. He had already been in such a state for thirty-one days.

In these thirty-one days, apart from the wind blowing his hair, there was no signs of his body moving at all.

But within his body, the power of the yuan qi had never stopped moving. It was still madly roaring, rushing past within his meridians and into the desert world of his dantian. It transformed into clear river water that once again excavated new river channels. Time after time again, it charged forward, and created new paths according to Ye Qingyu's will within the desolate desert...

Ever since Ye Qingyu had entered into the Bitter Sea stage within the [Palace of the Formation Sovereign], in this long half a year, Ye Qingyu had never broken through another cultivation level. He had always gathered force, storing yuan qi from the outside world. After drinking the Drunken Immortal wine from Aunt Han, it caused the yuan qi power held within his body to reach the peak he could reach at his current state.

Such deep accumulation of yuan qi was finally put into effect.

Within the mountain range, the thick soil, sandbanks, and hard rocks in this desert world was broken apart by the charging yuan qi river.

But even after such deep accumulation of yuan qi, it was difficult to continue going on after thirty-one days of expenditure of such a great yuan qi river...

When the streams had gathered to its end and transformed into a hundred large roaring rivers that constantly neared, and as it was about to converge, the flow of the water finally began to weaken.

Within all the meridians and acupuncture points on Ye Qingyu's body, all the yuan qi returned to the desert world in his dantian.

All the power from his four limbs, his flesh and bones also entered into his dantian world.

The flesh on his body was somewhat withered. It was no longer as translucent and as elastic as previously, but was hard like steel. The blood within his vessels had lost its essence, and was like mud, nearly stopping its flow. There was only one last shred of life within his chest, and his black hair had lost its radiance. It was like a withered plant that looked like it would snap off at any moment...

Ye Qingyu ued all the yuan qi power he could control, and sent it within his dantian.

All the other parts of his body, was nearly completely withered.

Thankfully, Ye Qingyu had made preparations.

Advancing a martial level not only relied on deep accumulation, but also needed meticulous preparations.

The descendants of the large noble families would have powerful experts protecting as well as reinforcements of pills and medicines every time they attempted to break through to a higher level. This would increase the chance of them breaking through.

What Ye Qingyu relied on was the formation within the stone palace.

With a thought, the last shred of yuan qi energy within his body and organs, entered into the formation inside the stone palace.

In an instant, there was a bright and glorious silver radiance that began to emit throughout the entire stone palace. The formation array lines that had been crawled out by the silver snake, could finally be seen again. That mysterious formation once again began activating.

In the sword pit below the stone formation, the Earth Fire was roaring furiously.

An orange magma aura that was like a wave began to be absorbed out by the stone palace and into the structure.

This earthen flame aura passed through the formation of the stone palace and was purified by the formation of the stone palace as well as the jade stone bed. It entered unendingly into Ye Qingyu's body.

As such, as a result of this, there was suddenly a torrential rainstorm that descended within the skies of Ye Qingyu's dantian world.

That explosive rainstorm that was like a downpour, every drop contained pure yuan qi energy.

It was the power of the Earth Fire after being purified.

The torrential rainstorm scattered over the entire world. The waters of the river was finally replenished, causing the waters of the river to once again surge and rise viciously. Like it was reborn, it charge forward, forming wave after wave. As lightning and thunder rumbled, it charged through the sand banks at the end of the rivers. LIke a gigantic divine python, the hundred rivers, finally began to converge.

Ye Qingyu had already reached a state that made him forget himself.

It was as if heaven and earth had combined together. The flow of the water flowed along with his will, charging forward, roaring, whistling, changing this world that lacked for life.

Outside the stone palace.

Bai Yuanxing and the others currently cultivating were staring at the stone palace that had suddenly lit up.

At this time, even Liu Jingyan and the other Envoys of Light had sensed the disturbance, rushing forward. They looked with shock and uncertainty at this abnormal scene within the divine palace. A divine silver flame constantly emitted from the divine palace, a pure and holy aura wrapping around the entire earth. There was light and fast sounds that emitted from the fire tree forest, a fire red cloud floated above the Earth Fire sword pit. Up and down, like it was breathing...

"What's happening?"

"Such a scene... could the Lord finally be breaking though?"

Thinking of those days were yuan qi encircled around Ye Qingyu's body, their first through was that Ye Qingyu had broken through. But after breaking through, would he be able to leave?

Everyone was waiting expectantly.

Within the stone palace.

Ye Qingyu suddenly opened his eyes.

His figure faintly flashed, arriving at the ground.

His body stood tall, his white robes flitting. A silver light shone from within his body, making his body seem somewhat unreal. Within his eyes, there was a silver light that shone out like a deity, that light shining on the walls of the stone palace. There were strange images that appeared, like ancient formation after ancient formation…

It was namely the image of the one hundred and eight characters.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 408:


A terrifying energy that was hard to describe began to spread out from Ye Qingyu's body and completely dispersed throughout the entire palace.

The little white rabbit that had always been lying on the stone chair suddenly opened its eyes. There was an expression of shock like that of a human revealed in its eyes...

There were constantly the one hundred and eight ancient characters forming within Ye Qingyu's eyes...

Only until all the ancient holy divine light within the characters had appeared once did the holy light within his eyes gradually disappear.

What also disappeared along with it was the terrifying yuan qi power that filled the entire stone palace. Every inch of the stone palace flickered with the silver light of the formation array.

Within Ye Qingyu's body, there was a rumble like that of fierce water rushing past.

It was as if there really was a hundred or so great rivers madly crashing within his body. The rumble of water crashing together was deafening.

His originally hard flesh that had lost its elasticity also gradually began to become sparkling and translucent, like jade stone. As the yuan qi rushed past within his acupuncture points as well as his meridians, the essence within his blood vessels were restored and it once again flowed rapidly. A vigorous life energy, exploded out from his internal organs, covering his body in an instant.

His withered-like-wild-grass hair began recovering its colour and lustre at a speed noticeable to the eye from the roots.

There was the sound of explosions amongst his bones.

His heartbeat, was like the beating of a cow skin drum.

The air within the stone palace seemed to undulate along with the beat of Ye Qingyu's heart. The strange air that was created from the constriction and expansion of air spreaded out from the stone palace...

The sound of his heart beating sounded far outside the stone palace to a hundred mile radius away.

The Envoys of Light standing at the edge of the Earth Fire sword pit, felt a vast energy rushing at them. They were forced to retreat backwards. Even Bitter Sea stage experts like Liu Jingyan, had no way of resisting against this force.

Everyone was overwhelmed.

"That little brat, is he about to come out?"

Wen Wan carried a bowl of noodles, forgetting to eat it. It was already cold as he stared fixedly towards the stone palace.

From far off in the second area, the soldier camp had returned to their original ways and was currently engaged in gambling and wagering. The big fatty military officer as well as the soldiers were startled by the drumbeat-like thunderous sound from far of as well as the turbulence around them...

Far off from the [Light Palace], the martial experts paying attention to any disturbance also had shocked expressions on their faces.

With a sweep of their hands, there were streams of light that shot out from their palms that brought different information towards different areas of the capital.

At this time, there was an incomparably delighted and overjoyed expression that appeared on Ye Qingyu's face.

Hearing the liquefied yuan qi rushing about like a great river amongst his limbs and meridians, sensing the unending surging power of new life within his body, he knew that he had succeeded.

The River stage of the Bitter Sea stage!

The power of the yuan was like a river, his qi like a stream. It was constant and unending, tireless.

This was namely the characteristics that marked the River stage of the Bitter Sea stage.

With a thought, layer after layer of ice patterned protrusions spread out. In an instant, it had completely frozen the ground of the stone palace and spread out to the walls and ceiling. Ice cone after ice cone froze from the ground, then pierced towards the air high above...

The little rabbit began squeaking, as if it was cursing at something. It cursed and jumped around, escaping from the stone palace.

In the next instant, the entire stone palace was completely frozen with silver-coloured ice.

Ye Qingyu was also within such ice.

Then, with a thought from Ye Qingyu, all the ice instantly disappeared and dispersed into thin wind. There was not even a shred of cold left behind in the stone palace, as if nothing had happened whatever.

Ice realm.

After entering the Bitter Sea stage, the inner yuan was as unending and as tireless as a river. Therefore one could create different martial realms. For martial experts of different attributes, the martial limit they would be able to create was all different. Fire attribute experts would be able to create magma, fire ocean realms. Earth attribute experts could create quicksand realms, swamps and such...

The road Ye Qingyu travelled on was the ice attribute inner yuan. Therefore he was able to construct an ice realm.

Within his inner yuan, although the [Supreme Ice Flame] had not yet completely immersed within him, but its power was still countless times more terrifying than a normal ice attribute expert.

Ye Qingyu's focus immersed within the dantian world.

The one hundred and eight characters were etched amidst the pathways of the yuan qi rivers into a picture upon the desert world in his dantian.

After all, he had forcefully drawn the form of the ancient characters when he was attempting to breakthrough to the next stage. Therefore the strokes of the ancient characters on the desert could not be counted as beautiful. The rivers and river beds had been only drawn out in a rough form, and there were still many small streams that splitted apart from the main river and spread out.

"The path of the formations must be perfect and without any flaws. Only then can it release the most perfect strength. The paths of these one hundred and eight ancient characters still needs to be slowly improved upon!"

Ye Qingyu said to himself in his heart.

But at this time, an unexpected change suddenly happened.

From deep within the second Spirit spring, a strong surge of light shot out. The [Cloud Top Cauldron] that was nourishing within it suddenly rose by itself up high. It came up the air above the desert world, and started swirling automatically. It started enlarging, and in the blink of an eye, it was several tens of thousands of meters high, like an ancient mountain, emitting a golden bronze splendour.

This gigantic [Cloud Top Cauldron] began spinning slightly on its own.

There was faint and indistinct Great Dao sounds emitting from the cauldron.

On the walls of the cauldron, there was a bronze colour fluctuating, flickering uncertainly. There were faint patterns that seemed to glimmer slightly. There were sounds of screaming and killing from the pictures of the battlegrounds, and others were of hunting, of farming, of sacrificing, of celebrating. There was light that occasionally  flickered, and sometimes illusions that appeared...

"Just what is this?“

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

The next instant, he could see that there was a shred of mist appearing from the rivers of the desert world. As the [Cloud Top Cauldron] swirled, the mist was all absorbed within the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. The gigantic bronze cauldron seemed to be enwrapped in steam.

Ye Qingyu was shocked, then discovered that the disappearance of such mist and vapour had not weakened his own strength. Only then could he rest assured.

As such, within the desert world of his dantian ,there were both the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] as well as the [Cloud Top Cauldron], these two strange objects that were floating within the air. They became the two sources of light, one gold and one silver, letting out strange light. Faintly, such splendour intersected. It was unknown just what sort of influence this would have on the desert world as well as Ye Qingyu's cultivation.

Only after Ye Qingyu observed for a while did his consciousness retreat from the dantian world.

Within the stone palace, everything had returned to normal.

The first thing he did was to immediately walk out from the stone palace. He came to the floating stone steps and attempted to see if he was able to depart from the stone palace. But the result still made him disappointed. The mysterious and gentle power was still there, trapping him within the stone palace.

He had already entered into the River level of the Bitter Sea stage, could he still not protect himself?

Ye Qingyu grumbled in his heart.

But the voice of the Spirit monkey had never appeared again after disappearing the last time. The gentle power was still there, which represented that the Spirit monkey did not believe that with Ye Qingyu's current strength, he would be able to resist against the assassination attempts hidden in the dark.

"Lord!"

Liu Jingyan and the others gave their respect.

"Congratulations Lord. Your cultivation has broken through to the next level .Under your lead, the [Light Palace] will definitely be able to retain its former glory." Dai Youmeng said respectfully.

"Lord is young and heroic. His future is boundless. He will definitely become the pillar of Snow Empire, and is the martial star of the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland Domain. My respect towards lords is like a divine mountain, it is vast and towering and one cannot stare directly at it. It is like..." The big fatty military officer was like a flesh mountain, the flesh on his body quivering as he began pandering..."

Ye Qingyu gave him a glare, "Scram..."

The big fatty officer really became a ball of flesh as he rolled rumbling out.

Ye Qingyu was made completely speechless.

After entering the River stage of the Bitter Sea stage, Ye Qingyu could not wait to fight greatly with someone. But it was a pity he could not depart from the stone palace. At this time, he could only be patient. Above the stone foundations of the stone palace, he surveyed from high above as he gave pointers to the cultivation of Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er and the others. Before he had finished, there was someone that came to report from the outside, saying there was a guest.

The identity of the guest exceeded Ye Qingyu's expectations.

It was the body refining instructor in the military department training camp, Bao Shinu.

This was the first time Bao Shinu had came to the City of Light.

"I pay my respects to the Lord of the Light Palace." Bao Shinu paid his respects.

Within the training camp of the military department, Ye Qingyu was the student and he was the instruct. But right now, Ye Qingyu was in name one of the powerful ministers of the Empire, and he was the Lord of an organization like the [Light Palace] which possessed special authority. Naturally, his identity right now was completely different. Bao Shinu naturally needed to pay his respects when seeing Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu laughed greatly, and quickly assisted him through the air, "There is no need, instructor. Long time no see, I have missed you."

In the training camp, Bao Shinu as well as the battle technique instructor had taught the eighteen students martial moves, being absolutely fair and impartial. Therefore, Ye Qingyu's impression of the two instructors was extremely good, and he was utterly grateful. Naturally, he would not be ostentatious.

After conversing, Ye Qingyu said seriously, "I wonder for what matter have you come here for?”

As one of the people within the faction commanded by the Crown Prince, Ye Qingyu believed that Bao Shinu definitely had motives in coming here to the [Light Palace] at this moment.

Bao Shinu nodded his head. "I have something that I need the Lord to confirm."

"Please speak," Ye Qingyu said.

"Ever since you have been appointed and entered into the City of Light, months have already passed. We have not seen you make any movements whatsoever, I wonder... just what plans do you have?" Bao Shinu was somewhat hesitant, but he still straightforwardly threw this question out.

Ye Qingyu heard this, then instantly realized, this was not Bao Shinu's question .This was most like what the Crown Prince behind him wanted to know.

Without hesitation, Ye Qingyu roughly recounted his current situation.

"It's not that I don't want to go out. It's just that I've been imprisoned, I can't help myself," Ye Qingyu said, somewhat helpesless." Right now, even I don't know, when I will be able to leave."

After Bao Shinu heard this, he fell silent for a long time.

All the guesses he had before were overthrown.

He had thought of many reasons, but did not imagine that the truth would be like so.

The resource and time that the Crown Prince had invested, for it to be like so... it was most likely that it was wasted. If Ye Qingyu was not able to leave within the next three or five years from the [Light Palace], then even if he left after that, he would not be of much use to the Crown Prince.

"In these months, the situation within Heaven Wasteland Domain has vastly changed.” After some thought, Bao Shinu spoke again, "Right now, the situation of the Empire is not great, and is in danger. These are not just false warnings. Are you aware of this?"

“What’s the matter?” Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

