Chapter 229:


Chapter 229 - An opportunity

Ye Qingyu lifted his head slightly to give a look at Shopkeeper Sui.

From his impression, Shopkeeper Sui was an extremely calm and collected person with a shrewdness about him. Right now he was loudly exclaiming, as if he had been provoked and incited by something. This was not fitting with his personality. Could it be that he had said something wrong? "A pill that has no after effects and increases one's inner yuan?" Shopkeeper Sui deeply breathed in, then said, "Friend, perhaps you have encountered some trouble and are lacking for money. The Hundred Herb Hall can provide some assistance, but don't come here to scam us. I am not that experienced, but even I have some understanding towards pills. The pill that you just described, it is impossible for it to exist in this world.”

Saying this, his gaze was like lightning as he scrutinized Ye Qingyu's reaction.

Ye Qingyu hesitated, not saying anything.

When Shopkeeper Sui thought he had pierced through the scam of this mysterious person, when that voice like metal grating together once again sounded, "Whether it’s real or not, one test can determine this.”

Shopkeeper Sui was taken aback.

His conviction was immediately slightly shaken.

The white-robed mysterious person in front of him had an aura as deep as an abyss, and towering like a mountain peak. Evidently, he had carefully concealed his yuan qi fluctuations, but Shopkeeper Sui could still sense that the strength of this person was not normal at all. He had originally thought that he was an expert trying to obtain some money, but he did not imagine that he would be so calm… could he have wrongly accused him?

Deeply breathing in, Shopkeeper Sui confirmed once again, "Do you mean, that the effects of your [Mysterious Heaven Pellet], is that not only can it increase a thirty Spirit spring experts cultivation by half a year, but it also does not have any after effects? Is it like so?”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

"Do you know, just how against the heavens such a pill is? Even the pill known as number one for increasing one yuan's qi, the [Seizing Heaven Pill] that is held in secrecy in the Crepe Myrtle sect, doesn’t have such a terrifying property. Although after ingesting it, your yuan qi will indeed increase, but the yuan qi is impure and muddled. One needs three months to completely get rid of all the impurities. One [Seizing Heaven Pill] is already an extremely valuable treasure…" Shopkeeper Sui continued on in disbelief.

Ye Qingyu suddenly stood up.

"Other people cannot create it, but this does not represent that my master cannot create it." Under the hood, he said, "I don't want to waste my breath. Whether you will take it or not, give me an answer.”

Shopkeeper Sui's argument abruptly halted.

He looked towards Ye Qingyu, sensing the strong confidence he had. His stubborn conviction was shaken.

"Fine…" He took a step back. "Then the pill that you mentioned… did you bring it?”

Ye Qingyu uncovered his hand, a flicker of light [1] flashing on his hand.

Two pills like the size of a Longan that was jade green appeared in his palm. It was the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet].

To prevent the medicinal properties from escaping, Ye Qingyu had already used the method outlined in the [Sole Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron] to seal the fragrance of the pills. Under a thin layer of green, there was a faint light shimmering causing the two pills to possess an aura of mysteriousness. From its appearance, it was definitely convincing.

Shopkeeper Sui's gaze once again gathered on the two [Mysterious Heaven Pellets].

Without knowing why, the moment he saw those two jade green pills, his heart could not help but beat quickly.

"Two pills. One is for you to sell here, one is for you to test the properties of the pill." Ye Qingyu used his inner yuan, placing the two [Mysterious Heaven Pellets] before Shopkeeper Sui. "The starting price is a hundred thousand gold, the higher the better. Hundred Herb Hall can get five percent as commission. I will leave it here for sale for three days, if there are no buyers in three days, I will go to another place… I don't need a deposit.”

Shopkeeper Sui instinctively stowed away the two [Mysterious Heaven Pellets], then asked, "If it is sold, how can I contact you?"

Ye Qingyu had already reached the doorway. Hearing these words, he did not turn around. "I will come back in three days.” When these words were said, his figure had already disappeared from the doorway. Shopkeeper Sui was stunned, and by the time he reached the doorway, this mysterious figure had already disappeared.

He really was a strange person.

But these two pills…

Shopkeeper Sui inspected the pills carefully in his palm.

Only until now did he realize, there was no medicinal fragrance at all.

"There are three types of pills. They are Medicine Pills, Spirit Pills and Dao Pills. Medicine Pills have a fragrance, but both Spirit Pills and Dao Pills are scentless. Could it be that these two [Mysterious Heaven Pellets] are those legendary Spirit Pills?”

As he thought of this, Shopkeeper Sui lost his composure and chuckled.

How could that be possible.

Spirit Pills and Dao Pills were precious and rarely found in the world. How could it be discovered so easily by him.

As for the validity of these pills?

If it really was like that person described, it was impossible to estimate the worth of these [Mysterious Heaven Pellets]. Once news of it spread out, it was enough to cause countless people to bleed as they fought over it. Even the Imperial family of the Empire as well as the large sects, would be attracted to this. This absolutely was an opportunity for the position of the Hundred Herb Hall to ascend rapidly… but most likely, everything was fake.

Shopkeeper Sui, was also a half-trained pill enthusiast.

After thinking it over, this matter was not small at all. He could not make a decision by himself.

"It seems like I have to contact headquarters, and ask them to send a Pill Master to inspect them.” After that thought, Shopkeeper Sui decided that even if he had to take some risks, he should try. After all, if it was real, his destiny would quickly ascend to the heavens.

He carefully stowed the two [Mysterious Heaven Pellets] into the interspatial ring, then took out an arrow-shaped plate sculpted from the root of an ancient tree. On the front of it, there was three large ancient characters, called the [Hundred Herb plate] and the other side was completely blank. Shopkeeper Sui used his fingertip as a brush to write some formation code that only higher ups of the Hundred Herb Hall could understand, then he used his inner yuan to activate the [Hundred Herb plate]. He sent the information that he had just obtained out.

"The Pill Master [2] [3] from headquarters will arrive by tomorrow evening by the latest. At that time, everything will be made clear.”

After he finished everything, he was still conflicted. He did not know whether what he did was correct or not.

With a light sigh, Shopkeeper Sui turned and left through the doorway.

…… ……

Two hours later.

White Horse tower.

Ye Qingyu awoke from his meditative state.

Ever since returning from the Hundred Herb Hall an hour ago, Ye Qingyu had already finished in his breathing technique training. Only then did he calm his heart and mull over the conversation between him and Shopkeeper Sui just now.

If this manager of the herbal store had not lied to him, then this represented that he had obtained an important piece of information.

The preciousness of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] had far exceeded his initial imagination.

He had originally thought that pills used to increase a martial artist’s yuan qi cultivation was very commonly seen. After all, when the pill art began, there were only two main uses - to treat illnesses and increase one’s cultivation. Since ancient times, there were countless talented Pill Masters who created endless pill formulas. However, the most common pills were largely divided into these two categories.

In Ye Qingyu's estimation, the effects of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] was decent, but it could only be counted as middle class out of all the effects of all of these other pills.

But for Shopkeeper Sui's reaction to be so frantic… "Could it be that I really have underestimated the value of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]?"

Ye Qingyu did not fully understand this.

After all, he did not have any training or teaching in pill refining, he had relied on only himself to figure out the way. Everything he knew came from the [Pill Mantra] as well as that ancient pill formula. Apart from this, he was not too clear on the Pill Masters within the Empire as well as the effects of the various other pills commonly seen. Apart from the [Azure Phoenix Pill King] Chen Moyun who he had killed, Ye Qingyu had not interacted with any other Pill Masters.

Today, Ye Qingyu was forced to place the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] for sale at the Hundred Herb Hall.

The ingredients and spirit herbs he had previously acquired, could only at the most create approximately a hundred [Mysterious Heaven Pellets]. Furthermore, this was on the basis that he had a hundred percent success rate in pill creation. For such a number of [Mysterious Heaven Pellets], it could at the most sustain his cultivation for half a month. To want to refine and create more pills, he must acquire more ingredients and herbs. But the problem was, Ye Qingyu's entire wealth including the reward when he was made Marquis, had been completely spent.

After some consideration, he could only rely on the sale of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] to obtain more money.

If this way worked, then it could temporarily sustain Ye Qingyu's cultivation needs.

To prevent any unnecessary troubles, he did not want to expose that he was refining the pills. Therefore, he had shrouded his face, and concealed his real identity.

"From ancient times, people from the poor find it hard to rise. Apart from the lack of opportunities, it is because commoners are far too poor. They cannot sustain the huge cultivation resources they require. When one is at the Ordinary martial level or the Spirit spring stage, one may not notice this. But once a martial artist reaches above the fifty Spirit springs, it is unknown just how many cultivation resources they need. I can be counted to be lucky, having so many fortuitous encounters. But even I am worrying over the lack of money, what about those other people with less luck than me?”

Ye Qingyu shook his head and sighed.

His position was Marquis, but the amount of gold he received every month was by far not enough.

Cultivation, was originally an act that defied the heavens. To want to succeed, wealth, companions, status and the laws were four important factors. If you even lacked one, it would be hard for you to truly succeed.

Today, Ye Qingyu finally got to experience this for himself.

"If this [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] is really as valuable as described by Shopkeeper Sui, then it should sell really well? The price I set, a hundred thousand gold, could it be too cheap…"

Demon King Ye was somewhat conflicted.

At that time—

Chi! Chi! Chi!

There was a strange sound of a claw scratching on the window of the quiet room.

"Master, woof, woof, open the window, I've returned…"

It was the noise of the silly dog Little Nine that came from the outside.

He had finally returned.

Ye Qingyu's shook himself, placing the matters regarding the pills to one side. He went over to dispel the defensive formations of the quiet room, and the stone window slowly rose.

One could see Little Nine sneakily climbing over the windowsill, like a thief. After the window was opened, he looked behind him, then leapt inside in one swift motion, landing on the prayer mat opposite of Ye Qingyu.

"Woof, you will not believe what I have seen.”

The silly dog could not wait to divulge what he saw.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 230:


Chapter 230 - New recruit training camp

In the moonlit night, the cold air was chilling.

Under the desolate moonlight, the black figures of one man and one beast was secretly traversing throughout Youyan Pass.

The place they were heading to was evidently to the Northwest of Youyan Pass.

At night time, the security of Youyan Pass was the strictest. In these days, even if it were some military officers, they would not be allowed to traverse through the streets without military seals. Although Ye Qingyu was a newly appointed Marquis, but even his seal could not be of any use at this time. If he was found by the patrols, even he would be sent back to where he came from.

But Ye Qingyu's body movement technique was like lightning. Using the [Limitless Divine Way], his white-clothed figure was like an illusion under the moonlight. Normal people’s eyesight could not even discern him from the darkness.

Xiu!

This illusory figure flitted past above the architectures on the street.

A patrol passing by could only feel a blur across their eyes, as if someone had passed by or as if nothing had happened.

"Just now… could it be that there's something wrong with my eyes?" The leading soldier rubbed his eyes, confused and concerned.

Under close observation, there was nothing under the moonlight.

Apart from them, there was no one else.

"Perhaps there really is something wrong with our eyes." The leader of the soldiers knew his own strength clearly. Although it was not at the top level, it was still impossible for someone to pass by and for them not to spot them. They therefore did not pay too much thought to this.

At the same time.

Several thousand meters away.

"Woof… slow, slow down… I'm dizzy."

The silly dog Little Nine tightly clenched onto Ye Qingyu's shoulder.

Ye Qingyu turned his head to see the glutton Little Nine grasping at his shoulder desperately, his folds of fatness turning into wrinkles through the extreme speed he was running at. But even so, it could not prevent in anyway his proud and pleased expression.

"Woof, turn left at the next intersection. After turning left, you can see it! Master, for you this time, I have entered deep into the tiger's den, and was nearly turned into dog stew. Don't you think you should…"

Ye Qingyu completely ignored Little Nine's trademark 'glutton' request.

Within White Horse tower, after hearing Little Nine's description, there was a fire burning in his chest.

After advancing several miles forward.

"We're here, it's in this place. In this period of time, the people captured by those people, apart from those already killed, are all held in this place." Little Nine suddenly opened his mouth and said.

In a corner, Ye Qingyu suddenly stopped, hiding his figure.

He turned to look in question at the unreliable glutton at his shoulder.

"Are you really sure that the place you're bringing me to is this location?"

Ye Qingyu pointed in front of him. It was not the prison of the supply department that he had imagined, but was namely a new recruit training camp that Youyan Pass had just created.

On that day in the [Common Liquor House], Ye Qingyu had seen very clearly that the sword scarred military officer was wearing the uniform of the supply department.

He had guessed that this matter had something to do with Zhang San. However, he did not imagine that the location Little Nine would bring him would not be the prison of the supply department but here instead.

At the start, Ye Qingyu had not been trained in the new recruits training camp. However, he had some faint impressions and had also heard about it before, so when he saw the rough layout of it he had some faint impressions. It was only that he could not understand, why those Jianghu people, pretending to be the [Youyan army], would capture and bring people here? "Woof! You can question my personality, but you absolutely cannot question my intelligence. This Youyan Pass is about as large as my bottom; how could I get lost?"

Little Nine rarely had such confidence. Although Ye Qingyu believed him, but the confusion in his heart strengthened.

He hid his aura, hiding in the night air like a ghost that slowly advanced forwards.

This new recruit training camp, due to reasons of isolation and security, was chosen to be located in the mountains and cliffs near the west of Youyan Pass. Apart from black camps, there were towering black mountain peaks that looked like sinister huge black mountain beasts from far away. Just how much filth and darkness was hidden within was unknown.

There was an average strength formation around the outside of the new recruit training camp, which shrouded the situation inside from the outside.

From far away, there were two distracted sentries that stood guard, their uniforms in disarray. Using a numb rhythm, they moved their bodies, patrolling about and standing guard to the entrance of the training camp.

Such a scene made Ye Qingyu's brow furrow even more.

This training camp was already at the safest location in Youyan Pass, why was there still a defensive formation active?

Adding to this the two improper guards with attitudes not like real soldiers at all. There was no difference whether they wore uniform at all. Just what had the new recruit training camp so painstaking built turned into?

There was a suppressed rage that flickered through his eyes.

On the bodies of these new recruits, Ye Qingyu was able to sense the same aura as that sword scarred military officer.

After some consideration, he silently went to the most isolated corner of the camp. This was the place that the defensive formation was comparatively the weakest. With Ye Qingyu's strength today, after the activation of the [Limitless Divine Way], his strength would multiply. He could absolutely enter into the training camp without alerting anyone.

Adding to this, the defensive formation surrounding the camp was not intricate at all.

After he had traversed through the formation, the scenes in front of him caused his face to turn shade after shade darker and darker.

Just how was this a training camp for new recruits?

This absolutely was a bustling evening party!

In front of him, on the expansive training grounds of the new recruit camp, there was not a single soldier currently training. Instead, there were four or five high towering bonfires that dyed the training grounds completely red.

There were several hundred people wearing soldier uniforms that were having fun noisily as they pleased next to the bonfires surging to the heavens. There was not a single similarity to the people of the Empire, but was instead filled with an aura of the common Jianghu people Evidently, they were Jianghu people who had donned military uniforms.

There were beef and lamb that had originated from somewhere that was currently slowly rotating above the bonfires. The meat was already glistening with the glimmer of oil, its fragrance surging to one’s nose. There were over a hundred jars of upper class wine that was being wildly drunk as if it was water that did not cost money. And some people, because of the alcohol, began fighting and swearing. When the noises all mixed together, a proper training camp completely became a noisy, murky and chaotic place.

But, this incomparably ridiculous scene was completely hidden away by the formation on the outside. People from the exterior had no ways of seeing such an explicable scene.

"Hmph…"

Ye Qingyu coldly snorted, and instantly the foot of saliva dripping from the mouth of Little Nine on his shoulder was scared back.

This little glutton was still able to discern that his master was currently in an extremely poor mood. He only needed to obediently say nothing, and then claim his contribution for leading the way…

The people of the Empire summoned the Jianghu people in order to raise the battle power of the [Youyan army]. But it seems like there really has been a mistake. In this period of time, Ye Qingyu had heard that some Jianghu people had chosen to enter in the army and were sent to the new recruits training camp. Originally, Ye Qingyu still held some expectations, but seeing the scene before him, all his expectations were popped like a bubble.

If all the new recruit training camp were really like the scene before him, then [Youyan army] was completely finished.

A steel army that could shake the world should have military discipline as strict as a mountain. But the so called new recruits, had no difference from a gang of hoodlums.

They have to rely on such people to fight against the Snow Ground Demon Race in a world of ice and snow for their survival?

That was completely a dream.

The military discipline of the [Youyan army] had always been strict.

The identity of these new recruits was definitely suspicious.

But just what kind of person would be so daring that they would change the identities of the new recruits and their training?

In the [Youyan army], there were less than ten people who had the power and status to do such a thing.

There were countless thoughts flowing though Ye Qingyu's mind.

But remembering the matter Little Nine had mentioned, he knew that he could not delay any longer. Silently remembering these ridiculous scenes, he continued to advance towards the mountain walls at the back of the training camp under the direction of Little Nine.

On the way, he also carefully sensed the strength of these Jianghu people wearing military uniform.

Ye Qingyu discovered that the person with the highest strength in this group did not exceed twenty Spirit springs. The large majority were martial artists below ten Spirt springs, and from their conversations, they all originated from different sects. There were some loose cultivators without sects at all, vagabond experts, all sorts of people mixed within. It completely was a rabble, and there were comparatively little disciples of true sects mixed within.

With the strength of these people, they naturally had no way of discovering Ye Qingyu's figure.

Ye Qingyu brought Little Nine deep within the training camp.

After fifteen minutes, both man and dog had successfully infiltrated to the deepest part of the new recruit training camp at the foot of the mountain.

"Woof, it’s just in front. The inner part of the mountain has been excavated and there is a prison within. In these days, the people who have been captured and are still alive are all within…" Little Nine said, and seeming to sense that Ye Qingyu's mood was not currently great, saying in a reminding fashion, "Don't say I didn't warn you. The smell coming from the passageway is hard to withstand, there is also some rotten corpses. And there are some people who are still alive, that are no different from being dead…"

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

He did not say anything.

This entire matter seemed like a mystery. He was not clear, who was behind the sword scarred military officer, and why they would capture so many tiny characters to this place

Turning his head to look.

There was a five-meter-wide cave on the walls of the mountain, like the gaping huge mouth of a beast wanting to devour all.

It was pitch black in the mouth of the cave, sinister wind was blowing out. One could barely discern a path deep into the mountain that split into numerous little paths. One could discern that the interior of the mountain was most likely already excavated completely, and became a place where it was used to hide and cover up secrets.

Ye Qingyu took step by step closer to the entrance of the cave.

Suddenly, his footsteps halted.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 231:


Chapter 231 - Interrogation Rack

There was a defensive formation at the mouth of the cave.

In the empty space that seemed as if nothing was there, Ye Qingyu was able to sense a minute fluctuation of energy. From the little he could discern, it seemed extremely intricate. Under the colour of the night, there were four strands of light that moved erratically, hardly noticeable if one had normal vision. Normal people had no way of discovering it.

It was only at the moment where Ye Qingyu nearly stepped out that he discovered it.

Arrays were one of the derivations of the formation martial path.

Truly strong formation arrays could rend heaven and destroy the earth in a moment. Even extreme experts had the possibility of perishing in such destructive formation arrays. It absolutely could not be underestimated.

Ye Qingyu knelt down, closely inspecting.

A short while later.

"This formation array is not simple… from its pattern and sensitivity, it absolutely was placed by a true expert."

After the close inspection of Ye Qingyu, he could not help but shiver in his heart.

From the profoundness of the placement of the formation, it was evidently a hidden array from all the categories.

A so called hidden array could be understood just from its name. It was an array that was concealed, without leaking the slightest yuan qi fluctuation and could not be detected by normal sense. It was a formation array that was not easily discovered. This type of array was more powerful in terms of giving warning than defense, its main use being to alert the guards and the masters.

Ye Qingyu was somewhat hesitant.

With his strength, he could entirely forcefully break through such a level of formation array without any danger at his own life. But in the process, he would definitely alert the guards. At that time, his plan to secretly infiltrate inside would be completely destroyed, and would cause some change in his plans.

"Hmph, heh, heh… woof, woof, in the end, my almighty master needs to rely in the even more almighty Woof master!"

Seeing Ye Qingyu's difficulties, the Little Nine on his shoulder instantly became smug.

It rose up on its legs, one paw placed at his waist, the other paw extended upwards with a silver claw extended out towards the sky at forty-five degrees. He completely pretended to be a saviour of the world and was annoying to the extreme.

"You have a way?"

Ye Qingyu rarely had such an expectant gaze when looking at the little glutton who was idle all day, and who only knew to sleep after eating.

"Of course! Otherwise how did you think I managed to so easily escape from inside… no, I walked out!" Little Nine directly rolled his eyes at Ye Qingyu. But this fellow knew that it was not the right moment for him to discuss terms and conditions with his 'vicious master' just yet, so he very quickly exhibited an incredible technique that made Ye Qingyu completely stunned!

One could see on the originally pure as white jade body of Little Nine, there was suddenly a strange sight, as if there was some sort of strange connection with the moon in the skies. The pure and holy moonlight was absorbed by his body, then this was radiated out in a white hazy ball of light.

This hazy ball of light instantly wrapped around Little Nine and Ye Qingyu. Inside, Ye Qingyu could not even sense any yuan qi coming from his own body, as if he had completely assimilated with the air around him.

The silly dog took a step forward with his paw in the hidden array.

There was not any change whatsoever.

Evidently, this painstakingly laid out hidden array had not detected the intrusion of this dog. Therefore, naturally there would not be any warnings given off.

"Just what… sort of technique is this? You have this kind of ability? When did you learn this?" Ye Qingyu was really shocked by this.

Assimilate into nothingness?

This technique was somewhat going against the heavens

This silly dog really had such an ability?

He had not discovered this at all before.

No wonder this silly dog dared say he could enter as he pleased in the Pass Lord's residence, and even brought the little braided hair girl Xiaoxian into the Pass Lord's residence… with such an ability, it was most likely that there was not even a single place in Youyan Pass he could not enter.

Thinking back to the extremely mysterious origins of this dog, Ye Qingyu suddenly felt that everything was not so ridiculous.

Marquis Ye felt that he had really underestimated this silly dog.

Perhaps there were many talents and secrets that this fellow possessed apart from eating that he had not yet uncovered.

His eyes had already begun to carefully scan over the little cheeky dog on his shoulder. His expression was so serious that it seemed as if he wanted to place him into a dog stew.

"Woof, you, what do you want from me?" All the hairs on Little Nine's body was completely raised by this gaze of Ye Qingyu. He did not pretend to be amazing anymore, and explained, " I don't even know my own ability. When I was escaping, I suddenly had it, how can I explain it clearly. Anyway, right now we should focus on saving the people quickly…“

Ye Qingyu's gaze that could naturally suppress Little Nine retreated, giving him a glance that said 'when we return, I'll examine you carefully.'. Walking onwards under the silver light barrier emitted from Little Nine, they passed through the hidden formation array and entered into the cave.

This hidden array made through profound means did not raise any alarm whatsoever

As they entered the cave, Ye Qingyu advanced rapidly under Little Nine's lead.

Little Nine also seriously observed Ye Qingyu's expression.

He discovered, after that series of jest and buffoonery, his master’s expression was no longer as dark as it was before. Letting out a breath of relief, he affectionately used his head to rub against Ye Qingyu's face, and stuck out his tongue, beginning to grin happily.

Ye Qingyu's focus was always gathered on the passageway.

He could not help but admit that this time, the glutton had really not let him down.

Previously, he had known the terrain to this place like the back of his own hand. There was not even the slightest of error as he led Ye Qingyu into the depths of the mountain.

On the way, Ye Qingyu once again passed by five hidden array formations in total, one stronger after another. But these arrays under the miraculous power of Little Nine did not pose any use whatsoever. They easily traversed past it without alerting anyone.

"This hidden array is evidently only set up recently. The person who placed it seems very confident in it, for there to be no one to stand guard…"

Ye Qingyu was able to see some intricacies.

He had discovered, that the style and method of these formation arrays, obviously came from the hands of the people from the sects. It was absolutely not the style of the [Youyan army]. Although he had not come for too long a time in Youyan Pass, but Ye Qingyu knew very well the way the [Youyan army] did things.

He felt more and more that this was not a new recruit training camp at all, but rather the den of a nest of bandits from Jianghu.

As these thoughts occurred to him, he memorized the terrain of this cave in his heart as well as theorizing over all the clues.

The passageway of the mountain was rugged and craggy, the boulders of the wall rough and crooked, lump and bumps everywhere. It seemed to be a cave excavated from a natural fissure in the rocks that travelled deep into the belly of the mountain in a slope. Approximately every tens of meters or so, there would be a lit torch hanging on the walls that produced sounds of cracking. The fires of the torch constantly changed directions according to the cold breeze of the passageway.

There was no one at all on the way.

Very quickly, there was a strange smell coming up ahead.

It seemed like some sort of rotten object that brought with it an acrid blood smell.

Ye Qingyu suddenly realized something.

His footsteps slowed

After tens of breaths, a prison space deep within the mountain appeared before Ye Qingyu's arms.

The prison deep within the mountain was arranged in a classic fishbone shape. There was a main passageway with numerous two meter long diversions on both sides of this main passageway. On these diversions, there were caves that had been dug out, and the steel bars on the outside had turned it into simple prisons of all sorts of shapes and sizes.

Ye Qingyu stood just outside the main passageway for a long time. After not seeing any guards whatsoever, and the fact Little Nine had told him that there was no one placing surveillance on the prisons outside, he thought it over then appeared and decisively walked through the main passageway.

As he passed by these diversions, Ye Qingyu was able to discern the situation inside.

If was not any different from the description of Little Nine. He discovered that those who were imprisoned were those common civilians with no power to resist. There were no commoners that were even shackled, but they had no way to escape from these prisons.

As they neared the end of the main passageway, there were already some martial experts imprisoned. But the majority of the martial artists had low strength and had evidence of beatings and injuries on their bodies. Every one of them had a candle yellow face. From the weakness of these bodies, one could determine that they had already experienced some form of torture.

These people were in a daze. They completely did not notice Ye Qingyu passing by.

"Hm? It's them!"

Ye Qingyu was already able to see the armed escort men in these several prisons.

Several days before, these armed escorts had enjoyed alcohol happily as they pleased in the [Common Liquor House]. Every one of them were as lively as a dragon or a tiger, but right now they all sat on the cold floor of the prison listlessly, bounded by chains. There was not even a shred of hope left on their bodies.

Ye Qingyu's fist clenched slightly, abandoning the idea to immediately rescue these people.

He must obtain even more clues and evidence to not waste this operation.

He passed through the main passageway before him, heading deeper and deeper inside.

As the passageway ended, there were spiral stairs that led deeper in, seeming to be leading one to an even more important place. After around a few minutes, the stairs had already reached its end. There was a stone door without any lock appearing in front of him, with vague noise of clamour and the brightness of fire emitting from it.

"Those people are inside."

This was the low suppressed voice of Little Nine.

The people that he meant was naturally the sword scarred military officer and the others.

Ye Qingyu sighed in amazement. This was the deepest parts of the prison in the mountains, but there was not any protection whatsoever. He decisively walked to the door, and came there, peering inside.

What was below him was even more sinister and vicious!

The vision in front of him suddenly brightened.

What Ye Qingyu first saw was a massive circular space.

Approximately three or four acres large, the ground was flat and the tens of torches burning caused everything to be lit brightly. A surge of bloody odour surged at him towards the outside. What was most drawing to one's eyes was the assorted torture tools in front of him. There were punishment instruments the size of a person; pliers that were used to pluck people’s fingernails out, the burning red hot brand, as well as tiger seats that had been completely dyed red with blood.

This evidently was an interrogation room filled with all sorts of torturous instruments!

Ye Qingyu took another few steps inside, having a good look at the environment.

The layout of this interrogation room also had numerous diverted passageways around it like the claws of a crab. There were similarly prisons like before on these diverted passageways, but every path was guarded carefully by experts of the sects with decent strength. It should be that people who had comparatively high status were imprisoned here. It could not be compared to the commoners and the armed escorts at all.

And right now in the middle of the interrogation room, there were two bloodied figures that were hung on the huge black rack.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 232:


Chapter 232 - Torture

These two figures had evidently just experienced an unimaginably cruel torture.

Their arms and legs were firmly bound in piercing steel chains onto the rack, their limbs outstretched to its furthest. They had no way to move in the least. Their skins had already been peeled back and they were like two yellow fish that were hanging in the air. No, not a yellow fish, but a fish covered in blood.

Right now, apart from their faces, there already was not a single inch of intact skin left. Every part of their body could be used as teaching examples on how to interrogate - blade wounds, burns, whip scars, and the places where needles pierced into his body completely covered their entire bodies.

The flesh and blood was like a dragon spouting water, that constantly surged out from these lacerated skin. On their toes, there already was a small puddle of blood around a meter wide. This acrid bloody smell completely filled the entire room. If not for the fact that the two people were martial cultivators, and had strong and sturdy bodies, they would most likely long have died!

Just what kind of people were they, that they would suffer such cruel and merciless torture?

Ye Qingyu's gaze moved to the faces of the two.

This was the only place that was left intact on both of them.

But once he saw, it was like lightning had struck the fires of the earth.

Ye Qingyu stood where he was.

His body, because of a gigantic indescribable rage, caused him to faintly shiver.

For it to be… these two!

Why had they been captured here?

Ye Qingyu recognized both of them.

The young man on the rack on the left was completely covered with blood and wounds, but still had a clear and fair face. But Ye Qingyu had a deep impression of him. It was the person that had provided aid to the people affected after Song Xiaojun had invaded Youyan Pass, that young military officer. The person that no matter remained patient and calm, even when facing the difficulties of the Violet Seven Stars sect. He had an endurance that far exceeded a normal person.

Ye Qingyu remembered this young military officer well.

The other person hanging on the right, also possessed a very young face. Ye Qingyu also knew very well who he was. He was one of the trusted soldiers that served beside the military warfare officer Liu Zongyuan, of the Vanguard Camp. On that day, during the battle at the [Breeze and Drizzle building], he had also fought. With a sword stroke, he had cut off the staff of Huang Ran. With a fierce personality and powerful strength, he was regarded extremely highly by Liu Zongyuan. Liu Zongyuan had always mentioned this young talent called Sang Fusheng in front of Ye Qingyu and praised him, calling him one of the future people who would become a military warfare officer.

Ye Qingyu had never imagined that these two people would be captured.

Why was it these two?

The young little officer had average strength so he was easily captured. But Sang Fusheng's power was extremely strong, and had an extremely cautious and alert attitude. He also possessed a wealth of battle experience. More importantly, both of them were military officers of the [Youyan army]. For someone to dare act against them, were they disregarding all the laws that governed this place?

From the perspective of this situation, those who had interrogated him must possess a great enmity for these two people. They completely madly tortured these two without any mercy whatsoever, all sorts of torturous implements having been utilized on the two young boys.

Previously, after the buffoonery of Little Nine, the rage had died down a little within Ye Qingyu. But as of this instant, it once again crazily burning within Ye Qingyu's heart.

At this time, there was cold laughter coming from nearby.

Ye Qingyu turned his head to look.

At the center of the interrogation room, there was a large table completely filled with meat and alcohol.

There were tens of Jianghu people that were busy eating and drinking as they gathered around the table.

The fragrance of the alcohol and the meat seemed exceedingly bizarre in this bloody and cruel interrogation room.

These Jianghu people were different from the people pretending to be Youyan soldiers on the outside. They did not wear military uniforms and was exceedingly casual about what they wore. They did not conceal their identity at all. There were some people with completely bare upper arms, exposing the black hair on their bodies that was like a wild beast. There were sounds of laughter as they surrounded this table, gulping down food and alcohol. There was a completely bustling atmosphere and vibe about the place.

They had not detected Ye Qingyu's entrance at all.

There would occasionally be a glance at the bloody figures next to them, that caused their smiles to grow even more satisfied. It was as if they had just completed an amazing artistic work. The depravity had gone to the very limits!

Ye Qingyu's pupils constricted.

In this group of Jianghu people, he saw another familiar figure.

Qi Yong, of the [Breaking Intestines Palm].

The Violet Seven Stars sect disciple who had one of his arms chopped off by him at that Hundred Herb Hall.

Who would have thought that this scum would also be here.

This represented that within this group of people, there must be other disciples of the Violet Seven Stars sect.

"Hahaha, come come come, senior brother Qi Yong, I raise a cup to you!" There was a Violet Seven Stars sect disciple who rose and lifted his cup in a toast. "Haha, senior brother Qi Yong is so amazing, for him to present such a plan that was so quickly approved by the higher ups. We've managed to capture these two pigs so quickly, as long as they manage to make them confess, I think that we will definitely be able to cause trouble for Ye Qingyu, that dog who interferes in our plans.” "Haha, that's right, senior brother Qi Yong really is famed for his intelligence and wit. Hehe, we can't act against Ye Qingyu at this time, but what about if we act on the people next to him? This Liu Zongyuan was also looking to die, to dare go against us. This time, we'll take care of one of his most trusted helpers, the next time, we'll finish him," another disciple of the sects said loudly with a smile.

En?

Why did it seemed that this matter had something to do with him?

Ye Qingyu was bewildered.

A thought occurred to him. He did not act just yet, just retreating slightly and hid himself by the side of the stone door, continuing to listen on.

Perhaps he could obtain even more information.

At that time, one of the two on the racks on a befuddled state — that young officer suddenly moved. A mouthful of blood was spat out, and light sounds of hoarse panting could be heard from his mouth.

"Eh, one has awaken.”

A Violet Seven Stars sect disciple turned his head to look, a sinister smiled on his face.

He placed his wine cup down and walked next to the young officer amidst the unbridled calm laughter of the others.

"Haha, this little kid woke up early, this means that we have a toy yet again. Haha, when they faint like dead wood, it isn't fun at all. Only when they resist is it interesting. This really can make us all happy, I'll get more alcohol for everyone!" "hahaha!" "Goood!" "This little kid still has a hard mouth, we have to take proper care of him…"

This crowd of Jianghu people shouted their approval and laughter, like a herd of vicious wild beasts.

"First comes the appetizer!"

Pak!

A whipping sound!

A Violet Seven Stars sect disciple took out an iron piercing whip from the torture implements rack nearby.

With a flick of his wrist, the whip filled with thorns was like a bloody streak of lightning under the control of this disciple. It viciously landed on the body of the young officer, instantly stabbing into his bloody body. When the part was lifted away, a piece of bloody skin was ripped out by the whip.

Chi!

A low hiss emitted from the mouth of the officer, and vein after vein throbbed on his temple.

But this young officer had a proudness about him. Even after withstanding such huge abnormal pain, he did not even emitted a single scream of anguish.

"Hehe, you ate so much meat but you’re still so motherfucking weak!" Did you not see that he has not even enjoyed himself yet?"

Qi Yong's sinister smile became even greater after seeing the determination of the little military officer.

The him who had lost an arm had gone completely psychotic. His face was filled with viciousness as he loudly urged and ordered that disciple to use even more cruel methods to torture that young officer.

"Yes, yes, yes! Senior brother Qi Yong, just have a look!"

This disciple lackey nodded his head, reaching into a black-coloured box and taking something out. From inside, he took out a black truncheon embedded with a blue crystal. There was a faint glimmer of fire from this blue crystal, that instantly shone a tragic blue green colour over all of the interrogation room.

"This Nether Spirit rod is the new goods that arrived today. It was created using formations, and is one of the tools and instruments from the Heavenly Works. It is said that it can directly burn one’s soul, and has pain ten thousand times greater than a typical steel rod. Hehe, today we can finally see its effects!"

Good!

Hurry the hell up!

Everyone began smiling and laughing in anticipation.

The disciples of the sects right now were absolutely like beasts wearing human skins. Facing such torture, everyone had expressions of anticipation and longing, looking at this terrifying Nether Spirit rod as it pressed against the head of any young military officer.

SSsss!

Ahhh!!!

A terrifying burning noise could be heard.

Kadong!Kadong!

The rack the young officer was bound to began madly quivering under the struggle.

All the blood on the young officer's body was sent flying everywhere as he struggled. But even if so, he still grimly clutched his teeth, steel nearly being crushed apart in his teeth. He still did not let out a scream of pain, but there was still the rough panting of an injured wild beast coming from his mouth.

Burning his soul!

Hearing the effects of this implement was enough for one's bones and head to go numb.

But the animals in front of him really used it against a soldier from Youyan Pass.

The Heaven's would not allow their actions, they deserved to die over ten thousand times.

After enduring for a short while, the young officer fainted again.

The Little Nine on Ye Qingyu's shoulder right now could clearly hear his own teeth clicking and clacking as he grinded it against each other. If not for the fact that Ye Qingyu did not give the order, he would most likely have rushed forward to tear apart the throats of these people. But Ye Qingyu had told him to stay put…

The silly dog turned around to look at Ye Qingyu's eyes.

Crap, too terrifying!

Little Nine had seen Ye Qingyu be angry before.

But the coldness of Ye Qingyu's face was enough to make him freeze ten thousand times over. This was the first time he had laid his eyes on such an expression.

This bunch of people… would definitely die miserably.

Little Nine let out a cold shiver.

He did not know why Ye Qingyu had still not acted at this moment, but he must have some sort of special reason.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

