Chapter 345:


Chapter 346 - The Heart of the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland

The study of the City Lord’s residence.

It was only after receiving the news that [Bright Sword Ship] had finally left that the entire Wu household could finally breathe a sigh of relief. The feeling they had was as though a huge mountain that was crushing down above their head had finally dissipated.

“They’re finally gone. Father, are you really going to tolerate him?”

Wu Xi was still a young man, and could not control his emotions.

Wu Boxiong and Wu Guanxiong exchanged glances, their eyes both revealing an indisputable hatred.

“Xi’er, you have been in Weicheng City for so many years, do you feel tired of it? Why don’t father send you to Peng City with your cousin.” Wu Boxiong felt deeply helpless about this little son. His wife had died after giving birth to this youngest son, and his love for his youngest son was much more than for the eldest son. Although Wu Xi had caused a disaster this time, he did not pursue the matter further.

“What? Dad, you want me to leave Weicheng City?” Wu Xi said with his eyes wide with shock. “This humiliation, I cannot swallow it. That old man of the Liao family has such good luck and managed to find such a strong backer. But our Wu family is not to be trifled with, do we really forget about this? How would the aristocratic families in the city think of us?”

“What do you want?” Wu Boxiong asked coldly in reply.

“I...” Wu Xi stuttered, “Of course, revenge, I....”

“Shut up.” Wu Guanxiong, who had kept silent all this time, finally thundered, slamming his hand on the table and instantly breaking the willow table into several pieces.

The Weicheng City Lord stood abruptly, his gaze as sharp as a blade, staring at Wu Xi and shouting, “If you want to die, go find the Liao family for revenge. Do you know what kind of person Ye Qingyu is? Do you? Today your life was spared because he wants to protect the Liao family, so he did not kill you. If you dare have any thoughts on the Liao family, I tell you, even if your brother came, he also cannot save you.”

“I...” Wu Xi sprang back in fear.

He had never seen his uncle, who doted on him normally, so furious.

“Big brother please don’t be angry, Xi’er is still young...” Wu Boxiong hurriedly explained.

“Humph, teach your good son.” Today Wu Guanxiong was publicly suppressed by Ye Qingyu and had a stomach full of repressed anger. In front of his people he could no longer hide it anymore. “Tomorrow, immediately send him to Peng City, don't stay in Weicheng City and give me trouble, who is that Ye Qingyu? Even if he is a third-grade military Marquis he can’t suppress us, but you should know that he is the youngest expert in the history of the empire, a top level expert that is less than 17 years old. In the future, who knows what would happen? Even if we don’t think about the future, if a top-class expert wants to destroy our Wu family now, do you think it is difficult? You should know that he represents the entire Youyan army!”

“Yes, yes, yes, I will send Xi’er to Peng City tomorrow, big brother please don’t get angry.” Towards his eldest brother, Wu Boxiong had always treated him with the utmost of respect.

Wu Xi was cowering on one side and dared not to speak again.

After a while, Wu Boxiong left with his son.

Wu Guanxiong stood silently for a full quarter of an hour at the doorway of his study, before he breathed out a long sigh of relief, his eyes flashing fiercely, and said gently, “Send a message to the minister office of Snow Capital. Tell them what happened here, report everything, including my judgment. Ye Qingyu this person, cannot be left alone.”

“Yes.”

The counselor, who had been standing quietly all this time, responded and turned around to write.

There was a trace of both happiness and rage on Wu Guanxiong’s face, and a flash of cruelness that flickered by.

“Yes, a 17-year-old top-class expert, what a dazzling halo. In this world, after all, the strong is the leader. My Wu family has been in this Weicheng City for three generations, we make decisions without consulting others, but because of this 17-year-old little trash, because he’s a martial expert, he dared to scold me without hesitation… However, even for top class experts, there will be a day when they will perish.”

He smiled faintly.

……

……

After leaving Weicheng City, [Bright Sword Ship] advanced at full speed.

A day later, it reached Gui City which was thousands of miles away.

This was the hometown of the third sentinel.

The parents of the third sentinel were just ordinary civilians and were at an old age. His two older sisters have married, and their daughter and son-in-law are both very filial. The two elderly parents lived in the eldest daughter’s home, living peacefully and safely. Ye Qingyu visited the two elderly, buried the body of the third sentinel into their ancestral graves, and left behind a fortune for them to use.

Luckily in Gui City, there was a subdivision of the Two Rivers Gang that existed.

Ye Qingyu told the people of the subdivision to secretly look after the family of the third sentinel.

When everything had been arranged and settled, three days have past already, and they continued on their road.

Walking and stopping like this, it took them one month of time. Besides the first sentinels, the body of the other sentinels who sacrificed their lives have been sent to their hometown, so that their soul can rest in their hometown and their body can be buried in their family cemetery. This was the last thing that Ye Qingyu could do for them besides taking care of their families.

The death of the sentinels was something that Ye Qingyu had always felt most regrettable and guilty about. Unfortunately, people cannot be resurrected, and this was the only thing thatYe Qingyu could do for them now.

The number of days left until he needs to arrive at Snow Capital was less than one month.

And at this point, the distance from Snow Capital was only more than 200,000 miles. If [Bright Sword Ship] advanced forward at full speed, traveling nonstop day and night, they would probably arrive in less than seven days. Ye Qingyu calculated the time and was not worried, and thought that he might as well not rush his journey, but rather take a rest every now and then. On his way, if he came across some large-scale inhabited city, he would stop and take a look. While sightseeing, he was also observing the local people’s life and customs, and observing the current status of the lowest of the empire.

Every day, there was information sent from the Two Rivers Gang, through special channels, constantly into Ye Qingu’s hands.

Before Ye Qingyu had arrived at the imperial capital, he was already well aware of the current status of Snow Capital, the division of power, the status of the factions, and all kinds of news of the royal family.

And by personally visiting the slum areas of the large cities, secretly observing and visiting the garrison of the various cities, Ye Qingyu’s understanding of the Snow Empire had deepened.

This period of time was less than one month.

But for Ye Qingyu, besides his endless martial arts cultivation training, it was the first time that, without reading through books, he was able to so vividly understand the Human Race of Snow capital. This experience made him more familiar with the true face of the world, but was also a great shock and cleansing for his soul

For martial arts cultivation, in addition to talent and the power of understanding, the mentality was also extremely important.

Ye Qingyu’s martial heart was the Asura Killing Martial Path.

But in reality, the Asura Killing Martial Path did not refer to blind killing or always holding a hard stance. There was a so called saying, “To kill to protect life, to kill the cause not the man”. Perhaps this was the description that most accurately described the Asura Killing Martial Path.

These 20 days of experience, for Ye Qingyu’s mind, was one of the fiercest, most direct and most gentle of trainings.

Many times on his journey, he would draw out his sword whenever he saw any injustice being done, many times he would drink and sing with strangers, many times he would eat at street food vendors and bargain with the vendors... Ye Qingyu even went to work at a private medicine store for three days under an alias, witnessing civilians being born, growing old, getting sick and die.

In these 20 days, Ye Qingyu did not train.

But he could clearly feel that the yuan qi within his body was growing strongly, and 80% of the yuan qi had been converted into liquid yuan power. The distance from completely advancing to the Bitter Sea stage, and the completion of the final step of detachment, there was only the last step remaining.

His understanding of the nature of Heaven and Earth had also deepened one more step.

The rules and regulations between eaven and Earth were also gradually becoming more mysterious, but also clearer.

This was a kind of detachment from the essence of life.

Finally, having travelled for another 20 days, [Bright Sword Ship] arrived at the outskirts of the Snow capital.

As one of the most sacred giant cities of Heaven Wasteland Domain and the station of the royal family of the SnowEmpire, it can be said that no one does not know about the Snow Capital in the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain. And besides the Human Race, within the Demon clan and other races, there were not many that did now know about the Snow Capital.

More than 90 years ago, the founder of Snow Empire built the capital of the empire on a glacier, and named it as Snow Capital.

Now that nearly a hundred years have passed, Snow Capital had became the biggest city of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, the most beautiful, the most prosperous and the most powerful city. The population is said to be over one hundred million, with more than ten million garrison and the city covers the radius of thousands of miles. It is said that even the best horse needs to continuously run 10 days and 10 nights to barely run one lap around Snow Capital.

In the vicinity of Snow Capital, there were several hundreds of citadels of all sizes, scattered about like stars in the sky across the North, East South and West areas.

[Bright Sword Ship] landed at the outermost tenth citadels east of the city. After half a day of all kinds of rigorous inspection, it was then released and continued east. The speed was not allowed to be too fast. On the same day, they finally arrive at night at the outskirts five miles outside of Snow Capital.

This was because Ye Qingyu’s military rank was not low and he was allowed to ride an airship all the way to here.

Generally speaking, airships of ordinary merchants or nobles were not allowed to go any further than fifty miles off of Snow Capital.

All kinds of goods transported to and from Snow Capital have to undergo a heavy inspection. All people that enter and left Snow Capital were also subjected to inspection at the citadels, as well as at the border sentry post between the citadels. The hundreds of citadels formed an extremely harsh net-like defense layer, with the most serious stance, surrounding and protecting the capital city of the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

When [Bright Sword Ship] was slowly landing towards the 66th citadel, strands of light of the golden sunset were projected from the distant horizon, puncturing the layers of evening mist and illuminating the towering mountain-like white walls in the distance of Snow Capital.

Ye Qingyu was standing at the bow of the ship, staring in wordless awe.

The city walls that were like a dragon circling around above the ground, with the reflection of the sun’s rays, made people afraid to look at from close-up. The silver-white flag were like streaks of lightning, dancing wildly at the top of the boundless city walls. The white walls that were as high as thousands of meters and looked as though they had been through the great changes of the world, were like white tides connecting heaven and earth, and made one unable to help but kneel and bow in admiration.

In a world where martial civilization had advanced to such a degree, the power of humans could be compared to Fiendgods.

The snow-white city in front was like a magical city, everywhere was full of a miraculous colour.

Ye Qingyu never imagined that there could be a city like Snow Capital that could combine dreams and reality in such a wonderful way.

This... is Snow Capital.

The heart of the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 346:


Chapter 347, Snow Capital Airship Sentinels

Looking at the magnificent and grand city wall, it was the first time that Ye Qingyu realized the concept of Snow Capital. No matter how many years pass, the scene of the snow-white city walls towering majestically under the golden light of the sunset on this day would be permanently engraved in Ye Qingyu’s mind.

The giant city walls represented all hope of the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland.

[Bright Sword Ship] finally landed on the 66th citadel, when the bugle sound began. When the last ray of the golden sunset gently falls beneath the horizon, it was the time the citadel enforces it’s strict safety measures.

The over one hundred citadels of Snow Capital were all classified as military sentry stations, the scale was neither small nor big. There were garrisons, and almost no civilians, so as to protect the citadels of the empire, prevent the infiltration of other races and to safeguard the purity of the citadels.

By night, Snow Capital was brightly lit, bustling and lively, and the alluring nightlife had begun, but at the citadels the most stringent safety measures were enforced and the checkpoints between the citadels became even more strict.

The several hundreds of citadels together form a zip-like inescapable net that not even the slightest wind and rain could penetrate Snow Capital.

After nightfall, the 33 city gates of Snow Capital were closed at the same time, and except for the military or the envoy of the imperial family, no one could enter.

So Ye Qingyu must wait until tomorrow morning to enter the Snow Capital.

After a rigorous inspection at the 66th sentry post, [Bright Sword Ship] was docked at the military port of the sentry post, and Ye Qingyu and the others temporarily stayed at the post house.

A night without words.

The early hours of the second day arrived and the strict security measures of the citadels were canceled.

At the same time, the gates of Snow Capital were opened.

When Ye Qingyu was ready to enter Snow Capital, a small interlude took place.

Ximen Yeshui, because of his unknown background and because the Empire could not check his registration, was refused entry into the city. This undoubtedly made Ximen Yeshui, who wholeheartedly wanted to see the magnificent and bustling Snow Capital, greatly annoyed. Finally Ye Qingyu personally stepped forward to vouch for him and added Ximen Yeshui to his list of troops, and he was reluctantly allowed to pass through.

After all, Ye Qingyu’s identity was extraordinary, so there was a special sentinel in the 66th citadel that led the way for him. They finally reached the eighth city gate of the Snow Capital and passed through another rigorous inspection. They were now truly in the capital.

“We’ve finally entered the Snow Capital, the Human Race’s greatest city!”

Ye Qingyu also could not help exclaiming.

From the first moment of stepping through the gate, everyone’s mouth had never closed once.

The hundreds of meters tall statues of swordsmen were realistic and lifelike, surrounding and protecting on both sides of the main road. They made the people walking in the streets look like ants crawling at the foot of giants, and gave off an extreme visual impact.

Every single one of the buildings looked like the palace of a deity, tall and magnificent, as though there really were deities living inside. Even the main buildings of Deer City or Youyan Pass could not be compared to them.

“Big, too big...”

“Heavens, have we come to the place where deities live?”

Mother Wu and his husband repeatedly sighed, a look of disbelief on their faces.

Ling’er, Li Ying and Li Qi were also repeatedly cheering and screaming. For people at their age, seeing such a magnificent vast city, it evoked all sorts of emotions.

Even Gao Qiu, Gao Shou and the four Youyan soldiers, had the look of astonishment about their faces.

While Ximen Yeshui’s appearance was more unbearable, saliva trickling out from his mouth. “Wow hahaha, Snow Capital, this is the Imperial Snow Capital of the Human Race, just as Master said, it is incredible, this is simply a magical city!”

The main road came to an end when a ring road appeared in sight.

There were roads criss-crossed like a spider’s web, several hundred meter tall viaducts leading to different places, and rune formation carriages and rune formation airships shuttling in between. There were also all kinds of cavalrymen riding different kinds of spiritual beasts that were dashing along the wide road.

For people like Ye Qingyu who was at Snow Capital for the first time, the feeling of this tremendous shock was as if he had suddenly come to another world.

A new and colourful world.

“Oh, look, it’s a rune formation airship, it’s beautiful, it must be comfortable sitting on it.”

“Of course, it must be more comfortable than riding on a horse.”

A fiery red rune formation airship whizzed past the main street, and Li Ying and Jin Ling’er were all excited, yelling and clapping their hands.

Ye Qingyu was also inwardly astounded.

Inside Snow Capital, apart from the rune airships of the military and the royal family, all other people, even experts of the Bitter Sea stage were not allowed to fly above an altitude of more than one thousand meters. This was due to the fact that there were too many buildings and construction that were thousands of metres high, so flying under one thousand meters needed to be near the ground and high than ten meters.

Under the laws and regulations of the Empire, rune airships had become the most common means of transport in Snow Capital.

Of course, there were all kinds of manned flying spiritual beasts.

However, generally, the people that possessed spiritual beasts were wealthy and respectable people and have an extraordinary status. If an ordinary rune airship sees them, it would avoid them.

According to his initial plan, Ye Qingyu first needed to report to the military.

The sentry took Ye Qingyu to the first rune airship station after the city gate, paid a fee, and took everyone onto a small rune formation airship capable of carrying 20 people.

This formation warship was in the style of a tiger warship. It flew about three meters above the ground like it was suspended. Under the activation of hundreds of small and large formations, the speed of it’s flight was extremely quick. There were specialists who were responsible for controlling it.

A thin layer of light shrouded the body of the airship, which not only could isolate the oncoming strong wind, but protect the personnel on the airship.

“The degree of vibrancy of Snow Capital is certainly not an ordinary city can compare to. The formation techniques here is absolutely hundred years ahead of that in Deer City. Compared to those cities I have been to before, the difference is like the sky and the ground.”

Ye Qingyu could not help sighing in admiration.

Along the way, he chatted a lot with the sentry guard that was leading the way.

“In the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, it is only in Snow Capital that there would be such a bustling scene. This is not only because of the fact that Snow Capital is the ancestral land of the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland, but also because under the ground of Snow Capital, it is said that there is a supernatural glacier formation that had been formed after tens of thousands of years of operations, that can provide a supply of formation energy for Snow Capital. This is the reason why Snow Capital could consume so much energy, which is impossible for any other city.”

The sentry proudly explained.

He was born and bred in Snow Capital, and has strong pride about his place. He exhibited a kind of superiority seen from the people of Snow Capital, and even in the face of Ye Qingyu, a third grade military Marquis, he showed not the slightest respect. Perhaps because of the fact that there were far too many imperial officials in Snow Capital, he had already gotten used to meeting with imperial officials.

As an old proverb of Snow Capital says: the winged bird in the sky is defecating in flight and may hit an aristocracy walking on the ground. This was to describe that although in this huge city, there is a large number of nobles, the status of the nobles were roughly the same, except for the real aristocratic family with royal blood flowing through their body.

A noble like a third grade military Marquis may be an intimidating presence in other provinces, but in Snow Capital, like a pearl falling into a pile of pearls, there was no special difference.

And from the screaming and yelling of Li Ying and Li Qi, as well as Mother Wu, it was clear that Ye Qingyu and the others were country bumpkins and it was their first time in Snow Capital. The sentry guard obviously secretly looked down on this group of people.

The always noisy Wen Wan was much quiet and calm, sitting in the right rear corner of the airship, becoming a quiet and ugly man.

The gauze on Bai Yuanxing’s face has been removed, and there were two black eye patches carefully crafted from crystal membrane covering his two eyes. He was sitting quietly next to Wen Wan, with a smile on his face, listening to the laughter of Jin Ling’er and the other children.

What made Ye Qingyu feel a little relieved was that the White Horse youngster had very calmly accepted the fact that he could no longer see the reality of the outside world, and the expression on his face was very calm.

Ye Qingyu was not sure whether it was a misconception or not but he had always felt that after Bai Yuanxing lost his eyesight, his other senses seem clearer, and his temperament also changed slightly.

There were some good changes.

It was only just that he had became somewhat quieter.

Ximen Yeshui’s reaction was worse than the three little children. Like a raving lunatic, he was screaming at the top of his voice. Whether he saw a hundreds of meters tall statue, or a solo horned beast whizzing past, or a bridge suspended at a height of thousands of meters, or houses like beehives, he screamed sharply...

Ye Qingyu was so embarrassed that he was itching to throw him off the formation airship.

If he knew that Ximen Yeshui would react like this, he would not have taken him into Snow Capital.

The speed of the rune formation airship was very fast, but in a huge city like Snow Capital, they had to waste half an hour before the airship finally arrived at the terminal.

“Marquis Ye, get off, we still need to walk for about an hour, before we...”

The condescending sentry jumped out of the ship and said in a careless way.

Before his voice fell.

He suddenly felt that the airship station was a little bit strange today. Yes, it’s too quiet, or...

The sentry turned around and was startled.

At the airship station, there were tens of imperial guards stationed around and a line of security guards, while four or five elegant figures were walking down the platform, coming straight towards his direction!

The sentry guard rubbed his eyes.

Heavens, the old man right in the front... he’s so familiar-looking, he is...

He was shocked.

The old man walking right in front, was the [Pill God of Snow Country] Dugu Quan. This influential old man of the entire empire is a master of concocting divine pills, and has students all over the world. Even the imperial family and the top nobles could not meet him as they wish.

Also, the white-haired old man behind the [Pill God of Snow Country] looks like the mystical Ouyang Buping?

The white-clothed handsome young man, could he be… He can’t be the famous genius of the Pill Dao, Lin Baiyi?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 347:


348 - Three great lists

The sentry let out an exhalation of cold air.

He did not imagine that in a tiny little outpost, he would see such great characters? he nearly could not believe what his eyes were telling him, rubbing it...

What made him fall into even greater disbelief was that these great characters that were like deities were walking towards him with a gentle smile?

This... what situation was this?

They were here to see him?

That can't be?

At that instant, there were countless thoughts that flickered in his mind. He had once heard the story tellers recount countless tales of legends and myths - such thoughts exploded in his mind. He asked himself in disbelief, was such a fortune, like Origin crystal falling from the sky, about to happen to him?

The little sentry was moved.

He cleared his throat, and headed towards the [Pill God of Snow Country] and the others.

But---

"Hahaha, brother Ye. We've waited three months for you, you've finally decided to enter into the Capital? If not for General Nie of the [Dingyuan Gate] saw you entering through the gate and sent people to notify me, I would still not know that you had come.”

Dugu Quan laughed loudly, taking a step past the minor soldiers. He came in front of Ye Qingyu who just jumped off the formation flying carriage.

"Hehe, the famous [Leaf of Youyan], how could you be so low key when you entered the Imperial Capital. Little brother, are you a young man at all." Ouyang Buping walked over and gave a fist to Ye Qingyu's chest with a laugh.

These two old men of the Snow Empire, whose fame resounded throughout the Empire, belonged to the members of the revered masters of the Imperial family. They were normally people that were serious and sombre. They would not smile lightly. But right now they were as excited as a young man. It caused the surrounding Imperial Guard of the Empire to be disconcerted.

And who was even more stunned was the minor guard by the side.

What?

These two old men had really come to receive the military Marquis that he had looked down upon?

What situation was this?

"Haha, my two brothers you have given me too much compliments. I've only entered into the capital today, and originally thought I would go find my two brothers after I finished reporting into the military department." Ye Qingyu smiled as he returned the greeting.

"You little kid, you're being a stranger too much. According to what I know, the deadline for you to report to the military department is three days later? Then why do you need to rush, go and have a seat in my residence first. I'll definitely take care of you. As for reporting, you can do it when you are free." Dugu Quan stubbornly dragged Ye Qingyu's hand, as if he was fearful that he would run away.

The Divine Doctor Ouyang Buping gave him a glare, "In your residence, the stink of pills and it's ingredients are everywhere... Why doesn't he go to my [Medicine Hut], there is the fragrance of medicine everywhere, and you can see verdant greenery everywhere, hahaha..."

These two revered and respected old men began competing like little children.

Ye Qingyu had a helpless face.

"Grandfather Dugu, Grandfather Ouyang!"

Jin Ling'er, Li Qi and Li Ying came bouncing over, greeting these two old men.

At Youyan Pass, these three naughty children had gotten many advantages from these two old men. Their innocent and pure personality had also caused the two old men to spoil these three kids.

"Haha, little Ling'er, little Qi, little Ying, you guys come and judge. Where should your master go and stay?" Dugu Quan patted the heads of the three little kids, giving candy to everyone.

"First go to Grandfather Dugu, then go to Grandfather Ouyang." Jin Ling'er said with a laugh.

"You little person with no conscience, a little candy and he's already bought you out?" Ouyang Buping glared at him.

"I did not anything wrong, master first knew Grandfather Dugu first, then he met you grandfather Ouyang. This is just following the natural order." Jin Ling'er was extremely smart, and said such words righteously.

"Uh..." the DivineDoctor did not know what to say, standing there.

Dugu Quan began laughing victoriously.

Mother Wu quickly gave a greeting to the two old men.

As the sentries on the side saw this scene, they could not help but be taken aback. These three little country bumpkin kids, just who were they, that they were able to refer to the [Pill God of Snow Country] as grandfather?

This was something even the Imperial family did not have the right to use.

The little guard who led the way felt his brain was not enough to process this fact.

Lin Baiyi smiled slightly as he stood by the side, and said to the minor guard, "Little brother, let me take care of Marquis Ye. There's no need for you to lead the way anymore. You can return to General Zhou and say that someone of the Dugu residence has received Marquis Ye. I believe that General Zhou will not punish you.”

"Ah?" the minor sentry was shocked. He did not imagine someone like Lin Baiyi who was revered like a mountain, would use such a mild tone when speaking to himself. He instantly became extremely nervous, stuttering and stammering and rushing to nod his head. "Yes, yes, yes, young master Lin, of course this is possible..."

“Then thank you for your efforts." As Lin Baiyi said this, he handed over a tael of pure gold. "This is my appreciation. Little brother you should take it and return and treat your brothers to some alcohol."

"How would I dare." The sentry tried to refuse once or twice, but seeing that Lin Baiyi's attitude was firm, he accepted.

Pure gold was different from gold and silver. It was the hard currency of the Snow Capital. A tael of pure gold was equal to a month of his wages. This could be counted as a massive gain.

The sentry excitedly paid his respects and delightedly left sitting on the formation flying carriage.

He sat on the flying carriage and looked back. He saw the huge figures, the [Pill God of Snow Country] as well as the Divine Doctor Ouyang Buping standing left and right of the minor military Marquis. They went on a high class flying carriage led by a horned Spirit beast. Those little brats as well as the country bumpkin like Mother Wu, under the protection of the Imperial Guard, left the post. They shot to the sky and disappeared far off…

Power was good.

For people like the [Pill God of Snow Country] and the Divine Doctor, they were naturally not restricted by the laws of the airspace about the capital.

“That minor Marquis, just what is his background? To be able to make those two old men come out and greet him, could he be the successor to some large family? That's not right, just how many successors of all the families would be able to receive such treatment from those two old men in the entire Snow Capital? Even for the Imperial princes, this is impossible..."

The sentry was extremely shocked.

His heart also felt apprehensive and fearful. Thankfully, the minor Marquis had a good temperament and did not remember old grudges. Otherwise, he had spoken such hard words and taken such a hard attitude in the carriage. If he was dissatisfied in his heart, he would only need to say one word or two words, and misfortune would definitely descend upon him.

……

……

Ye Qingyu ultimately did not enter into the Dugu household.

Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping brought Ye Qingyu to the [Medicine Hut]----This was the quiet cultivation place of the Divine Doctor. There were all kinds of different medicine stored and created here. It was not part of the property of the Ouyang family, and was fairly close to the Imperial palace and the military department. It was a famed property under the ownership of the group of revered masters of the Empire.

The reason he did this, was to avoid suspicion.

There were many factions within Snow Capital. The family of Dugu Quan as well as the family of Ouyang Buping could naturally not remain independent from this. They must be the member of some sort of faction. Both Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping wanted to make Ye Qingyu, a young monstrous genius, into someone of their own group. But they did not want to fool Ye Qingyu who had only just arrived into the Capital and was not even aware of the situation. They had to at least give a chance for Ye Qingyu to consider and choose for himself.

The reason they were so considerate was for two reasons. One was that the two truly regarded the two as friends. The other was that they were absolutely stunned by the six ancient characters Ye Qingyu gave out. They faintly guessed that Ye Qingyu's background was definitely not as simple as it seemed on the surface, perhaps there was a terrifying master behind him!

Ye Qingyu's understood the layer of meaning behind the twos actions, his heart being faintly moved.

With the status of these two old men, and the fact that they preferred the quiet, they naturally would not host any sort of feast. However, they had still received Ye Qingyu.

Mother Wu and the others were eating food in another hall.

Ye Qingyu conversed and drank with the two old men in the main room. They discussed topics of conversation to do with cultivation, correcting each other.

The six ancient characters were the aspect the two old men were most interested in.

In Ye Qingyu's hands, there was a complete set of a hundred and eight characters. In this year and a bit, he had entered many times within the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and observed the pictures within the interior, analyzing the primitive ancient characters. He naturally had far more insights than Ouyang Buping or Dugu Quan.

Ye Qingyu did not hide his discoveries at all, sharing them out.

Hearing this, these two old men were both shocked and sighed in amazement at such a monster. Their gazes were filled with hunger as they stared at Ye Qingyu.

The two returned favour for favour. They told Ye Qingyu many new things about cultivation, as well as the many secrets of the capital .They also introduced many great characters that should not be invited at all within the capital.

Dugu Tianxin directly took out a seven coloured jade pieces. "On it, there is many secrets and forbidden people of the capital. If you have time, have a good look. Especially the [Heavenly Officer List], [Divine Dragon List] as well as the [Black Fiend List]. You must remember these people in your heart.”

Ye Qingyu received the seven coloured jade piece, and asked with curiosity, "[Heavenly Officer List], [Divine Dragon List], [Black Fiend List] - just what is it?"

"The [Heavenly Officer List] is the noble government officials that you should not incite at all within the capital. the [Divine Dragon List] is martial masters you should not provoke within the capital. As for the [Black Fiend List], it is the sects and gangs experts that you should not provoke." Ouyang Buping said with a smile, "In other words, it is best if you do not provoke anyone on these lists. Otherwise, it will be troublesome.”

"How troublesome?" Ye Qingyu carefully held the seven coloured jade piece.

"You had best not test this out," Dugu Quan said with a laugh.

Ye Qingyu said laughing, "There is no one that likes giving trouble to himself. But if my guess is not wrong, your names must be on the lists?"

Dugu Quan gave him a glare. "How is this possible. For old people like us, we are kind and amiable. We will not compete with the world, and are not terrifying in the least. How would we be on such lists."

Ouyang Buping nodded his head in agreement.

"Are these lists made and distributed through the channels of the Imperial government?"

"Of course not. It was made by a bored old fellow." Dugu Quan skipped past this question, and said, "You stay within the [Medicine Hut] for a day or two. I'll introduce some people for you to meet. Three days later, you should go and report to the military department. The situation within the capital today is not great. Most likely, reporting to the military department will not be so simple. According to what I know, besides you, there are many young military nobles that have been mobilized from the four main armies of the borders. There is in total twenty people. They are all young experts that are soaring in the heavens. The order came from the Imperial palace, so it will definitely not be straightforward... You must be careful."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 348:


349 - Important figures

When Ye Qingyu conversed with the others, Lin Baiyi stood silently by the side, helping them pour wine and carrying the dishes.

This little Pill God that had become famed in the recent years had a famous master and also had exceptional talent. His martial cultivation was also very powerful, and he was originally one of the movers and shakers within the younger generation of the Empire. In these months, the Pill formula he brought out for the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] had shaken the entire Empire.

Although Lin Baiyi had never personally admitted that he had personally created the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet], but since the old Pill God had denied that the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] had been made by him, the other people had guessed that this pill that could increase one's yuan qi cultivation without any side effects, must originate from the hands of Lin Baiyi.

Because of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet], Lin Baiyi and the Lin family behind him became scorching hot within the entire Empire.

Of course, what was also scorchingly popular, was the Hundred Herb Hall who had received the exclusive right to sell the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet].

Within the capital, apart from the three main lists that Dugu Quan had brought out, there was in truth also a [Hidden Dragon List]. It recorded the talents with limitless potential within Snow Capital. And Lin Baiyi was within top three. Dugu Quan had not mentioned the [Hidden Dragon List] to Ye Qingyu, because he had subconsciously regarded Ye Qingyu as his equal. From the perspective of the Pill God, the so called hidden dragons were not even worth mentioning in front of Ye Qingyu so he had not paid any attention to it.

If others saw Lin Baiyi, who was ranked number three in the [Hidden Dragon List], being so respectful to someone who was even younger than him, their jaws must drop to the ground.

The three conversed till it was deep in the night.

"Haha, it's late. Let's call it a day here." Dugu Quan let out a laugh, then looked at Ye Qingyu with a strange expression. "Little Brother, the glory of Snow Capital can only be experienced when it is night time. If you are interested, why not let Baiyi lead you. Haha, we two are old, so we won't come with you to enjoy."

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

Lin Baiyi instantly stood up. "If Ye Shishu is interested, then I would be honoured."

Ye Qingyu looked at the mischievous eyes of these two old men, and suddenly understood, what they meant by the glory of the Snow Capital. His heart was faintly moved; after all he was a young man. But after a thought, he ultimately shook his head, "It's fine, I've only just arrived in Snow Capital after a long journey. I'll first take a rest, there will be more opportunities in the future."

……

……

That night, Ye Qingyu stayed within the [Medicine Hut].

After making arrangements for Ximen Yeshui, Wen Wan and the others, Ye Qingyu returned to his own room.

He did not feel sleepy at all in the first night in Snow Capital.

After all, when someone’s strength had reached a state like his, it did not matter if they did not sleep or rest. He only needed to occasionally activate his yuan qi, and his body would reach its most optimal condition.

Under the light of the silver formation light, Ye Qingyu took out the seven coloured jade piece.

Regarding the matters of the three main lists, Ye Qingyu had in truth already seen the news from the Two River Gang on the way here. He had even seen the [Hidden Dragon List]. But Ye Qingyu still wanted to compare the information he had obtained from Dugu Quan to the information obtained from the Two River Gang. Dugu Quan was a respected figure within the entire capital, would the list he brought out be any different to the list he obtained from other means.

"[Heavenly Officer List]. It records the supreme existences amongst the Imperial officials, those with revered positions, those nobles and officers with endless power and wealth. These people have the right to kill, or they have countless experts under their command, or they have revered bloodlines, or their wits are astounding, or they are experts that are deeply hidden. Every one of them are a vicious character within the Empire..."

This was the approximate description at the beginning of the [Heavenly Officer List].

On the [Heavenly Officer List], the number one ranking was not the siblings of the Emperor, nor the princes of the Empire, but it was a great character that Ye Qingyu had heard mentioned countless of times---

The Right Minister, Lin Zheng.

As for this Right Minister, his name had a 'Zheng' inside it. According to rumours, no matter what it was, whether it was of use to him or not, this Right Minister would go compete for it. And he would gain what he desired everytime he competed for it, but his opponent would always have a tragic ending every time.

He had originated from a great noble family, but he was not the main successor. Ultimately, he sat in the Right Minister that represented the pinnacle of the Empire's power, and he sat there for an entire forty years, like a boulder. No matter how the winds blew or how the rains fell in the Empire, his position could not be shaken. In these forty years, his power had extended like tentacles to every corner of every province, and he had became a minister that stood above everyone else in the Empire. As long you mentioned the name the Right Minister, Lin Zheng, these four words were enough to make anyone shiver in the capital.

Including the Snow Emperor.

Under the Right Minister, the number two on the [Heavenly Officer List] was the apex Prince of the Empire, Yu Feiyan.

As the apex Prince of the Empire, Yu Feiyan had the blood of the Imperial family running in his body. He was the younger brother of the current Snow Emperor, and he was one of the three main mountains of the military department. He had stunning battle records, and his power was also exquisite. There were countless experts under his command, and he commanded one of the four main armies of the army, the [Scarlet Flame Army]. There was an Excusing Death Medal and a Dragon Penalty Sword in his hands, he had the power to first execute and then judge all those under a second class Marquis. His power could be described as completely shrouding the heavens.

"These characters really cannot be provoked. With the Dragon Penalty Sword in their hands, killing a noble Marquis was just like cutting apart a vegetable to them." Seeing this, Ye Qingyu could not help but sigh in amazement. What made him even more amazed was that an apex prince like Yu Feiyan seemed to be suppressed by the Right Minister. From this, one could see just how far the power of the Right Minister extended.

As for who was ranked number three, it was another huge figure within the army. He was called, Li Xianhu.

Commander Li was one of the oldest generals of the officers who had founded Snow Empire. He had already past several hundreds of years old, and commanded one of the four main armies of the Empire, called the [Whip of the Thunder Deity] army. He was also the teacher of the Youyan War God, Lu Zhaoge. Today, he very rarely interferred in the conflicts within the army. But as the saying goes, an old stallion in the stables still aspires to gallop a thousand miles. His words still had an incomparable power.

Under him, ranked number fourth, was the current Crown Prince, Yu Hualong.

Under the Crown Prince, only until the tenth position, was the Left Minister Qu Hanshan.

Although Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping had denied such a thing, but Ye Qingyu was still able to see the names of these two old men on the [Heavenly Officer List]. They were ranked number eleven and number fifteen, and seemed amazing and fearful people. Especially Dugu Quan, his position was only second to the Left Minister yet he had the nerve to call himself harmless.

There were in total a hundred places on the [Heavenly Officer List].

There seemed to be many people on the lists, ut these were the top hundred people of the millions of the Snow Capital. Even the person ranked hundredth was an amazing person.

As for the [Heavenly Officer List] recorded within the seven coloured jade piece, it was slightly different from the list given by the Two River Gang. The ranking of several people were above or below, evidently the list given by Dugu Quan was more authoritative.

After all, Dugu Quan was a person that belonged to the true upper echelon within Snow Capital. The Two River Gang on the other hand had only developed for several years, so its foundation was still weak.

Reading the section of the [Heavenly Officer List], Ye Qingyu opened the [Divine Dragon List].

This list recorded the rankings of the martial experts of the Snow Capital. The person ranked number one was the [Martial Madman], Hu Yu. He was an existence at the Heaven Ascension stage, and was exceedingly terrifying. He was a person that was crazily in love with the martial path. He had entered into the capital fifty years ago, and stunned the Snow Capital for fifty years. He had thousands of small and large battles, and had never suffered defeat. It was said he could be ranked in the top three within the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain.

The person ranked number two was the Chang Princess, Yu Junqing.

The third was the [Meteor Shower Sword], Liu Xing of the Imperial group of masters.

The apex prince Yu Feiyan was ranked twenty.

The Right Minister, Lin Zheng, was ranked number thirty eight.

Qu Hanshan, the Left Minister, was ranked number ten.

Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping were also on the list, but their position was in the lower ranks. After all, they had completely immersed themselves in the Pill and Medicinal arts. Martial cultivation was not the direction they focused on. To be able to be in the [Divine Dragon List] was already something that made Ye Qingyu surprised.

Ye Qingyu instantly realized that the last person on the list of the [Divine Dragon List], the [Merciless Blade], He Lijun was a Bitter Sea stage Expert.

In other words, only those who had cultivated to the Bitter Sea stage, had the requirements to enter this list.

As for the [Black Fiend List], it recorded down some people in the gangs as well as the darker path. Some in the ranking were groups, while some were people’s names. Comparatively, it was a bit more chaotic. Ye Qingyu had a large approximate look and remembered the number one ranked [Thunderbolt Hall], the second ranked [Yin Yang Monarch] and the third ranked [Brothel].

"This [Yin Yang Monarch] should be the person that I met in the palace of the [Formation Sovereign] Luo So. Who would have thought that he would be in the Snow Capital, and had such great fame. This really is an unexpected surprised. At a crucial time, perhaps he could be of use to me."

Ye Qingyu was pleasantly surprised.

As for the [Hidden Dragon list], Ye Qingyu only had a cursory look and did not pay too much attention.

After looking at the several lists, Ye Qingyu closed the window and sat on a meditative position on the bed. He began the cultivation training that he did every night.

As the nameless breathing technique activated, his entire person quickly entered a state of blankness.

The night was long.

"Eh? This is strange. The speed of cultivation within the Snow Capital seems to be much quicker than on the outside. Even in the den of the Snow Dragons, such a scene had never appeared.”

After an hour, Ye Qingyu opened his eyes.

There was a strange confusion in his eyes.

In his first cultivation training at Snow Capital, Ye Qingyu could sense that the speed at which the nameless breathing technique absorbed the yuan qi of the world was faster than normal by tens of times. Even at the cemetery of the Snow dragons, when he was absorbing the aura of the Snow Dragon, it could not reach such a speed.

Such a feeling was like he was sitting on a yuan qi energy ocean. He only needed to casually breathe in, and there would be energy entering into his body.

What was happening?

Ye Qingyu clearly felt and sensed, but he could not discover anything.

If he did not activate the nameless breathing technique, this strange yuan qi multiplicative growth would disappear.

It was extremely bizarre.

Ye Qingyu felt nonplussed.

Perhaps others would also have such a feeling when cultivating?

Or perhaps it was only he himself?

……

……

The next day.

Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping brought along some friends, and introduced them to Ye Qingyu...

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

