Chapter 813:


Chapter 830, Defensive force and token

Was that the place that determined the fate of Heaven Wasteland Domain?

Looking at the great temple, which was like the residence of where the gods lived, a tinge of nervousness and anticipation suddenly slid out from the brows of the members.

“Since you have come, take your ease.” The skinny Elder Shuang Wuyan seemed to be aware of their nervousness.

Everyone were stunned.

Ye Qingyu also did not expect the usually cold elder to be so attentive and pay attention to the comfort of others, and to speak up and console them before Elder Yan Wushuang did.
Does this mean that the icy-cold elder had already begun to stand on the side of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps?

Ye Qingyu nodded, a faint smile curving on his lips.

A moment later.

The airship came to a beautiful complex with glazed tiles and vermillion roofs.

High-rise buildings stood in great numbers, and ancient buildings of different ages joined closely together like the scales of a fish. Each and every single one was grand and dazzling.

“The Green Xuan Hall below is where the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps will rest.” Ren Puyang, who was standing on the bow of the ship, pinched his fingers together to form a hand seal, and gently drew a line in the air.

The airship, glowing with golden formations, seemed to be following his will, and instantly passed through the vast sea of clouds and slowly landed below.

In the Green Xuan Hall.

The encampment was more like a large and grand manor, resplendent and magnificent, with beautiful glitter and decorations of gold and jade.

The innumerable gardens and pavilions were decorated with blue, purple, black, jade and peacock green, and sapphire blue gems, as well as other colourful glass and crystal embellishments. The design was exquisite and the arrangement was ingenious, displaying a unique architectural art.

Ye Qingyu, Yu Xiaoxing, and the other core members followed behind Ren Puyang. As they did, their eyes could not help but wander across the beautifully styled and unusual terraces, jade pavilions, and the waterside garden.

As the members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps walked along the main road of the main hall, there was reverence and admiration glowing in their eyes.

“I can't believe that even an encampment in the Heaven Connect City is so beautiful,” Empress Yu Xiaoxing couldn't help marvel out loud.

“Hehe, that's not the case... the generous treatment to the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps has exceeded the reception standard of general rating mission corps’...” Yan Wushuang smiled, admiring the beautiful sceneries. “This Green Xuan Hall is very close to the Parliamentary Temple of the Domain Alliance, and is usually only arranged for the super forces to rest. It is also the first time us brothers are here at the Green Xuan Hall. Speaking of which, it is also because of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, haha...”

Ren Puyang also turned around, wearing the same warm smile as before. He looked over in the direction of Ye Qingyu, and did not conceal his admiration in the slightest, “This polite reception was arranged because the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps has greatly shaken the whole Road of Chaos. No other forces were against this arrangement.”

When the main road came to an end, the crowd saw three main halls and two side halls that were scattered in a triangular pattern.

The main hall was majestic and wide, with green eaves and vermilion pillars that were decorated with gold. It looked imposing and extraordinary. On both sides of the side hall at the back, there were a total of twelve courtyards, all of different styles but were all beautifully constructed, adjacent to the building.

At the same time, Ye Qingyu noticed a very strange sight along the way.

Around the main hall and near the walls of the Green Xuan Hall, there were about ten bronze human statues along the way.

These dozens-of-meters-tall, burly statues were glowing with a black gold sheen as they stood in front of the square of the Green Xuan main hall, overlooking the center of the square. Whether they were wielding a battleaxe or giant sword, all radiated a majestic fighting intent, were lifelike and seemingly invincible.

“I wonder what these statues are for.”

A trace of puzzlement flashed in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

Evidently, the dozens of statues looked a little out of place, and were not very harmonious with the magnificent and beautiful style of the Green Xuan Hall.

Under the arrangement of Ren Puyang, the near thousand members of Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps were soon settled down.

A moment later.

In the hall on the east side of Green Xuan Hall.

“Hehe... my brother and I have finally completed our task. It's time for us to leave.” The fat Elder Yan Wushuang looked at the core members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps with the same familiar smile on his face.

“Hey, what are you talking about? You old fat man, you're running away so quickly? Didn't you boast that this is your territory along the way and said you would take us out to eat and drink!” Ximen Yeshui joked.

Previously, when Ximen Yeshui saw that the streets and bazaars were many times more lively and bustling than Snow capital, he was already thinking to tell the old fatty to take him and Wen Wan around.

“Report back.” The thin Elder Shuang Wuyan's tone was still as cold as ever.

But somehow, this icy cold tone did not feel cold and unfriendly.

It turned out that they have a task to do.

The Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps also did not try to make them stay any longer after they learned this.

“Don't worry, when we return from reporting back, I will privately take you around the major restaurants and tour the famous streets. You will be so happy that you won't remember Heaven Wasteland!” The fat Elder winked at Ximen Yeshui. It was unknown what ‘common interest’ the two men had secretly chatted about.

There's no banquet without an end.

Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing were not too surprised about the departure of the two elders, and seemed to have expected it to happen.

“In this one month, the two elders have been taking good care of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, and even repeatedly saved us during the dangerous times. I am very grateful. I have two little gifts that I hope you would not mind accepting.” Ye Qingyu flipped his hand over and two red-bottomed jade boxes appeared.

Those two jade boxes looked extremely delicate, the pattern was simple and exquisite.

But no one present could sense what was inside.

Along the way, not to mention the fact that the two elders had repeatedly guided and assisted them, during the attack in Black Moon Immortal Palace alone it was all because of the two elders that allowed Ye Qingyu enough time to reach the Chaos Storm and to save so many members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

Ye Qingyu and the other members were incredibly grateful to them.

“Haha... it is our duty to protect you, we are originally not allowed to accept gifts... but I heard the rumours that you, in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss... hehe, those treasures that not even a Quasi-emperor could obtain. If I do not accept this gift then I will certainly regret it till I die.” The fat Elder Yan Wushuang took one of the jade boxes, his face wrinkled up in a smile that made his eyes disappear into slits.

The thin Elder Shuang Wuyan flashed hesitation in his eyes.

But he didn't say anything in the end and accepted the other jade box.

Then the fat Elder Yan Wushuang suddenly thought of something, twisted to the side and explained, “This... Mister Ren, you saw it. We did receive a gift, but we didn't take bribes!”

“Hahaha... you fatty, even if it is a bribe, what can I do?” Ren Puyang's lips were curled in a helpless smile.

“Hahaha...”

The members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps also burst into hearty laughter.

The continuous days of assessment, travel, attack, and escape had made everyone's body and mind extremely tensed up, and now that they were finally settled in the city, their mood naturally relaxed a lot.

After the two elders bid farewell to everybody and left, Ren Puyang then introduced the rules and the laws of the city to Ye Qingyu and others, and then asked a few detailed questions about the attack in Black Moon Immortal Palace a few days ago.

After the time to drink a cup of tea.

Ren Puyang had already spoken to everyone in the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, but also remembered the names of the main members. He thought of something and then turned to look at Ye Qingyu and the others, “Regarding the attack on the Human Race diplomatic corps, the human representatives of the Domain Alliance will certainly not leave the matter at that. Through this battle, the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps has risen to fame, and the major forces naturally would not recklessly attack again. However, the Heaven Connect City seems calm on the surface, but there is still a dark tide surging. It is not an absolute pure land, you still have to be on guard these days, and not be too careless...”

As Ren Puyang reminded them, his eyes flashed an imperceptible seriousness.

Given his position and seniority in the Domain Alliance, how would he not know that the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, who was seemingly under protection, was in fact still on the edge of a vortex.

“Thank you for your advice, Mister Ren.” Ye Qingyu nodded.

He was also very clear in his mind that, although the Black Moon Immortal Palace was a deep sect, it was now nothing more than a pawn in the so-called [Camp]. The forces that truly held the sovereignty of the [Camp] were now just hiding in the dark, waiting for the right moment.

“Right, in the Green Xuan Hall where you live, a strong defensive force has been placed. Even if a pinnacle Saint level expert were to attack it won't be so easy...” Ren Puyang handed Ye Qingyu a key-shaped formation token before he continued, “This is the key to activate the power of the defensive force. I will now hand it to you.”

Ye Qingyu received the token, a glimmer of light flickering in his eyes.

He found that the strange key was not only a little warm to the touch, but there was a faint blue formation glow, like the aura of some ancient mysterious formation.

“Defensive force... what exactly is that?” Ye Qingyu was a little curious.

Puzzlement was also flashing in the eyes of the other members.

“Well, this... you'll find out after you look at it yourself.” Ren Puyang smiled kindly.

“Then thank you Mister Ren.” Ye Qingyu nodded and expressed his thanks.

In the previous battle, the damage that the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps had sustained was still not completely restored. Although they had entered Heaven Connect City, it was hard to guarantee that there would not be any forces secretly attacking them.

Although Ye Qingyu was not quite clear on what the defensive force of the Green Xuan Hall was, but for Ye Qingyu and the others, his intention really was the same as offering coal in snowy weather.

Moreover, Ye Qingyu found that the Mister Ren before him, whether in his speech or manners, seemed to attach great importance to the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. He really could be considered as a clear stream in the Domain Alliance.

Then, Ren Puyang seemed to remember something else, and handed Ye Qingyu a jade token that was emitting brown mist. “This is the Domain Alliance’s communications jade token. In the case of an emergency you can use it to contact me directly. However, it can only be used three times.”

Ye Qingyu took the token and again expressed his sincere thanks.

Although they did not understand Mister Ren’s respected and honourable status, but Ye Qingyu could roughly understand the meaning from the two elders’ words.

Being able to receive such a token meant that Ren Puyang would help the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps in any moment of danger.

The weight of this commitment had made Ye Qingyu feel enormous gratitude towards Ren Puyang, the Human Race representative of the Domain Alliance.

“It's late, I've got other business to attend to, so I'll leave first.” Ren Puyang got up and bid farewell to Ye Qingyu and the others.

The crowd walked Mister Ren to the door of the hall. Before Ren Puyang left, he again glanced at Ye Qingyu, a hint of hesitation flickering in his eyes. He seemed to have something else to say.

“If Mister Ren has something that you want to say, then you can just say it bluntly.” Ye Qingyu smiled.

Ren Puyang turned around, looked at Ye Qingyu, a solemn expression across his face, and said, “In these days, it is predicted that there will be the representatives of many forces coming to this Green Xuan Hall. How to deal with them, is up to you. But no matter what, you must remember that, from today on, you do not have to compromise with anyone else, because standing behind you is the entire Human Race.”

Hearing this remark, Ye Qingyu's heart was pounding fiercely.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 814:


Chapter 831, Bronze puppet figures

Did this mean that the Human Race forces in the great world had officially recognized Heaven Wasteland Domain?

Along the journey, the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps had experienced ups and downs, and dangers, and although there had been foreign races and super forces coming to their aid, such as the Phoenix Race and the Black Demon Race, this was only because of Ye Qingyu, who had obtained the friendship of these great forces. It could be said that, although the Heaven Wasteland Empire was majorly ruled by the Human Race, since embarking on the Road of Chaos, the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps had never officially received the protection of Human Race forces from the other domains.

Not only were they not protected, they were repeatedly attacked by an ancient sect of the Human Race, the Black Moon Immortal Palace, and were almost wiped out.

And now Ren Puyang's words could be regarded as a statement of declaring his position.

Ren Puyang was a spokesperson for the Human Race of Heaven Connect City. Although it was not the same as an Emperor's words, but given his status here, to say such a thing, it represented the ultimate decision of the mainstream forces of the Human Race in the great world. This was enough to show that he and the human representatives behind him greatly valued the Heaven Wasteland Domain——no, more accurately, they valued Ye Qingyu.

And such a change was fought by Ye Qingyu, his every sword and every blade, as well as the blood of every expert and being of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

In the boundless universe, the law of the jungle was the survival of the fittest.

Ye Qingyu had always been disappointed and resentful about the disunity within the Human Race, and that even the scheming and conflicts between the Human Race were more terrifying than that of the foreign races. In the great world, the Human Race was also known as the race of internal strife, but he had to admit that many things were inherent and decided by the heavens. In such a world, to obtain approval and protection——even the approval and protection from your own race, it was better to show strength and value in the first place than to expect good luck and compassion.

“So... have we finally gained the recognition of the mainstream of the Human Race?” Ye Qingyu smiled, still couldn't help but mutter to himself. “This... really is not easy.”

Given Ren Puyang's identity and experience, how would he not understand the meaning behind Ye Qingyu's words. He smiled, “Little fellow, do not complain, the survival of the fittest is the law of this world. My people, ever since the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, are the same. After all, the world's resources are limited, and not everyone can be cared for by those at the top. We must give the best cultivation manuals, secrets, cultivation resources and opportunities to those who are worth cultivating. And you have now proved yourself. The matter that happened at Black Moon Immortal Palace will not happen again in the future, and if you are not satisfied with the current situation of the Human Race, then use your efforts and energy to change it all.”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

Half an hour later.

In the square in front of the Green Xuan main hall.

After Ren Puyang left, the already extremely tired Empress Yu Xiaoxing combed through the various documents, before she went back to her room to rest under Ye Qingyu's persuasion.

It was unknown whether it was Ye Qingyu's imagination or not, but ever since they had escaped from the Chaos Storm, the Empress Yu Xiaoxing had always had a tired look and a lethargic air around her. It was very strange, though it was probably because she had been incredibly tensed these days, too overworked, and exhausted herself too much.

Everybody was settled down.

Ye Qingyu came to the square.

Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui followed behind.

“Hey, hey... brother, let me see what the mysterious defensive force is!” Ximen Yeshui said impatiently.

“Yes, yes, I have been so curious after Mister Ren said that. Since everybody is asleep let's try it out first,” Wen Wan added, echoing what Ximen Yeshui said.

Ye Qingyu nodded and took the so-called key out of his arms.

After sending Ren Puyang off, Ye Qingyu carefully examined the contents of the formation token. As for how to use it and how to control it exactly, he already had a certain amount of confidence in himself.

He injected a trace of yuan qi into the token.

The next moment.

The formation markings, which covered the token, emitted a glimmer of light. The light cut through the Void, flew towards a distant black bronze statue in the corner, and instantly penetrated into the body of a humanoid statue.

Ka Ka Ka!

A series of subtle sounds of formations being activated could be heard.

There were faint golden markings flashing on the black bronze statue, which was the size of a real person, before fading away immediately. Under the statue’s face armour, its originally dark and dim eye sockets were lit up with a golden flame of light, which shot out, and then the seemingly stiff limbs slowly began to move about, rustling off the dust and dirt on its body.

The token in Ye Qingyu's hand had conveyed the order.

Boom!

A loud bang resounded.

Within the black bronze statue, there seemed to be flames of qi surging like the roar of a demonic beast.

An incomparably piercing cold killing intent had erupted above the square of Green Xuan Hall.

Ye Qingyu continued to inject yuan qi into the token key.

Rays of golden glow were gushing out of the token key, like flickers of spiritual light, and constantly pierced the Void, reaching the other black bronze humanoid statues that were still in the corner around the main hall square.

Ka Ka Ka!

Ka Ka!

Crunch Crunch!

The bizarre figures, with faces similar to humans, were incomparable huge, burly as apes, and at least thirty or forty meters high. The humanoid statutes that were engraved with a black gold armour began to move all of a sudden, as though they had suddenly received mysterious guidance. The joints began to crack and made strange noises. At the beginning their movements were still a bit stiff, but soon they became as flexible as though they were a living person, moving and gathering towards the square in huge strides.

“Impossible... The power of the defensive force... it's them...” Xiemn Yeshui said, looking at the distant, upright statues that seemed to be waiting for orders with an incomparably shocked face.

On the other side, Wen Wan's eyes were similarly flashing with amazement.

They thought that the statues were sacred objects used for sacrifice and worship. They did not expect them to be the defensive force that Ren Puyang spoke of.

“According to the writings on the token, these black bronze statues, which there is a total of fifty , are some very ancient metal formation humanoid puppets powered by origin crystal, and can be turned into very powerful combat machines under the operation of that key.” Ye Qingyu stared in amazement at the puppets that were armed with giant weapons.

Although these puppets had been activated, they were still in a state of readiness. There was an absent look in their eyes and a somewhat dull expression on their faces, as if they lacked intelligence and consciousness.

But in that instant, the four most powerful experts of Heaven Wasteland Domain who were present still felt the incomparable ruthlessness and murderous anger emitting from the body of the fifty puppets. It was as though they only needed a command and that murderous intent would rage out from their bodies, shattering the world.

They were like killing machines of wonderful workmanship.

Such a tremendous body, such terrifying aura and such imposing manner, had utterly shocked the four people standing on the square, unconsciously surging with yuan qi and battle intent all over.

“I'll try!”

Wen Wan was interested in testing out the power of the so-called defensive force.

After all, they were the most loyal guards that the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps could rely on in Heaven Connect City for the following period of time, and were in charge of the safety of everyone in the Green Xuan Hall. They should at least find out what the real power of these seemingly flashy bronze figures was.

He stretched out his hand and made a grasping motion in the air, making two blood-coloured battle axes appeared out of thin air.

Ye Qingyu also agreed with Wen Wan's suggestion.

He controlled the token key and selected one of the several bronze humanoid puppets - also a puppet wielding a battle-axe - and issued an order.

Boom!

An explosion of invisible imposing manner gushed out from the bronze battle puppet the moment that Ye Qingyu issued the order. Under the black squamous face armour, there were two frightening beams of light that shot out. At this very moment, everyone felt that this bronze figure was alive, releasing out a strong killing intent.

“Fight!”

Almost at the same moment, Wen Wan leapt into mid-air, striking the blood axe.

The black bronze battle puppet was already clasping the giant axe, waving it about at lightning speed and charged fiercely in the direction of Wen Wan.

Boom!

The sound of collision shook the whole square of Green Xuan Hall.

The bronze-coloured formation light screen overhead was wildly flashing.

If it were not for the powerful protection formation, just that earthquake-like force and collision would have reduced half the square into ruins.

In mid-air.

Wen Wan was directly sent flying out, somersaulting several times in the air before he stumbled and landed on the ground. He staggered back several steps before he could finally steady himself.

“Damn... this guy's power is very strong!” Wen Wan was completely shaken by the power that the puppet had erupted out.

On the square.

Ye Qingyu and Ximen Yeshui were equally incomparably shocked.

Wen Wan was a martial artist known for his strength, which was unfathomable, yet the impact had unexpectedly sent him flying.

From this it was clear how terrifying the power contained in that black bronze puppet was.

“Although the strength is strong, but it's so huge and must be incredibly clumsy!” Ximen Yeshui’s eyes were glowing with a strange light.

When Ye Qingyu heard what he said, he couldn't help smiling, “Well, why don't you compare your speed with it.”

“Hahaha, go ahead! Hehe, what I'm least afraid of is to compare speed with others!” Ximen Yeshui waved his hand arrogantly, as if victory was already in his grasp. He walked to the middle of the square and said, “I am not a loser like that Wen Wan... who lost to a pile of scrap iron. Speak, how do we compete!”

“Let's see which one of you can reach the main entrance of Green Xuan Hall first.” Ye Qingyu looked into the distance, at the green-coloured gate thousands of meters away, a smile hidden in the bottom of his eyes.

In the middle of the square.

The figure of Ximen Yeshui was completely obscured by another puppet that Ye Qingyu had summoned, but his imposing manner was not the slightest inferior to the colossal object next to him.

“Good idea!” Ximen Yeshui was full of confidence.

“Start.” Ye Qingyu announced.

Almost instantly, Ximen Yeshui activated his yuan qi to its peak state, transforming into a stream of ocean blue flowing light. As if he had teleported, in the blink of an eye he was already standing at the main gate of Green Xuan Hall.

“Haha, dare to compete in speed with Master Ximen, I... what the! No way, you're here, too!” Ximen Yeshui was standing at the end of the main road in front of the gate, and before he could feel proud of himself, he saw a huge ape-like figure beside him. It was the black bronze battle puppet that had arrived at the same time as him.

But the black bronze battle puppet did not respond to him, still standing upright in front of the gate, with no expression on his face, as if waiting for Ye Qingyu's next order.

On the square.

“The speed... is actually comparable to that pervert Ximen...” Wen Wan was shocked once again.

“A puppet can also achieve such terrifying power and speed...” Ye Qingyu also did not hide his astonishment. “Speed, power, defense... these bronze figures have reached the extreme level, and I have not activated them to their full power just now... Yes, strong, indeed, very strong, at least at the combat strength of the Saint realm.”

Ye Qingyu couldn't help smiling at the thought of this.

There were a total of fifty  such bronze puppets in the whole of the Green Xuan Hall and all had different weapons and skills to each other and can also form formations and attack together. They were equivalent to fifty Saint experts with Immortal bodies. This force was indeed extremely frightening that even in Heaven Connect City, it was enough for the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps to have the power to protect themselves.

Ren Puyang had given them such a valuable gift.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 815:


Chapter 832, Famous doctor of Heaven Connect City



With such an army, the safety of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps in Heaven Connect City would be assured to a certain extent, and Ye Qingyu could finally relax a little.

But the reminder that Ren Puyang gave before he left still made Ye Qingyu extremely vigilant. Even Ren Puyang had reminded him that Heaven Connect City  was not an absolute pure land, and that he must not be careless. Many times, the seemingly safest time may actually turn out to be the most shocking time. The Black Moon Immortal Palace did not only suffer heavy losses this time, once they were found guilty of the crime of attacking the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps they would be in a more difficult predicament. Therefore, they had to guard against that vengeful force, as well as the forces behind them, who may do something crazy in retaliation.

The only good thing was that, while escaping the storm, the supreme elder had left too hastily and did not see that Ye Qingyu had taken the remaining two black moon battleships. Therefore, the Black Moon Immortal Palace still did not know what kind of evidence that Ye Qingyu had in his hands. Otherwise, it would not had been so easy for the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps to come to Heaven Connect City.

As for when Ye Qingyu was exactly going to hand over the evidence, he had yet to make up his mind.

He was waiting for the right time.

The appearance of Ren Puyang today made Ye Qingyu have the impulse to hand over all of the evidence to him, but after some thought, he still decided to wait and observe a little longer. After all, it was his first time in Heaven Connect City and the situation there was not clear. What if Ren Puyang was a member of the so-called [Camp]?

Along the way, although he had only seen the tip of the iceberg, the forces of the [Camp] were still a shock to Ye Qingyu. Therefore, he was extremely cautious, as if walking on thin ice, and dared not to be careless in the slightest.

The next hour, Ye Qingyu explored the Green Xuan Hall.

After familiarizing himself with all of the bronze puppet figures, he also examined every corner of the courtyard, the small lake and the garden. It was only after he had confirmed that there were no other strange formations and surveillance pillars that he finally felt at ease.

However, out of careful consideration, Ye Qingyu still personally decided to take action and set up defensive formations in all of the areas of the Green Xuan Hall. There were at least one hundred formations——Given Ye Qingyu's current knowledge in formations, he was very confident that even Saint experts could not penetrate the formation and enter into Green Xuan Hall without him knowing.

After doing all of this, Ye Qingyu also participated in the meeting that Empress Yu Xiaoxing called together. It was only then did he have a little free time.

He returned to his room.

Just as he was about to enter his room, he suddenly thought of something and turned around, saying to Luo Yi behind him, “I need to close up for cultivation for one day, go add up the losses in the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps so far, and investigate the identity and family background of those who died heroically. No matter what the final rating result is, we must give financial support to the relatives of those who have died or suffered serious injury.”

“Understood,” Luo Yi answered.

As the personal bodyguard of Ye Qingyu, who had promoted and entrusted him with important tasks, Luo Yi's status in the entire Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps had risen and continued to ascend along with Ye Qingyu's reputation on the Road of Chaos. He still had the sharpness of the past, but between his brows he looked calmer and more capable.

Ye Qingyu nodded and turned into his room.

He began to cultivate again in seclusion.

Time was running out.

Ye Qingyu needed to grasp every minute to make up for his losses during the previous battles, and completely restore his origin source so that he could resume his peak state in the past.

A day passed by in the blink of the eye.

Ye Qingyu ended his cultivation and came out from the quiet room to see that Luo Yi had already prepared a list of casualties of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

Carefully flipping through the entire list, he heaven a long sigh.

In addition to Jin Tuodao and Shi Potian, the two brute experts, as well as Qu Hanshan, there was a total of four hundred and sixty-seven people who had died, and hundreds were injuried, some of which were extremely serious to the extent that their cultivation was almost destroyed, including the Great Dragon Turtle Demon. In order to leave a mark on the Wall of Storm during the test in Sunrise City, he had forcefully tried to break through. Following that, in the Chaos Storm, in order to support Old Fish's formation he had almost completely exhausted his origin source and was now at his last breath.

Putting away the list of casualties, Ye Qingyu felt his heart was weighed down.

Along the way, he was called a madman, a killing god, and perhaps in the eyes of many forces, he really was a cold-blooded murderer, but those who knew Ye Qingyu would know that he was the most protective of his friends, and drew a clear distinction between whom or what he hated or loved. He did not like to see his friends or relatives getting injured or killed the most.

“With regard to the heroes who passed away and the financial support to their relatives, Her Majesty must have long thought about it, but in addition to Her Majesty's compensation, my Light Palace will also have to help. This matter, I will leave it to you. Do a good job of it. This time it absolutely must not be ungenerous, understand?” Ye Qingyu ordered as he walked towards the room where the Great Dragon Turtle Demon was recovering in.

Luo Yi hurriedly noted it down.

After passing several pavilions and through the center of a garden, he came to the western courtyard on the west side of the main hall of Green Xuan Hall.

A faint aroma of herbs permeated the air.

Since their arrival in Green Xuan Hall, the wounded people had been settled here, and the Empress had assigned the most outstanding doctors of the diplomatic corps as well as resources to treat the injured people at all cost. From what Luo Yi had told him, a day ago, the Empress had already sent people to Heaven Connect City to inquire about the situation and invited some famous doctors and pill masters at a high price to come.

He had only taken a few steps into the western courtyard when he ran into the doctor of their diplomatic corps, Doctor Wang Zhen.

Wang Zhen was the Patriarch of a Human Race sect of Heaven Wasteland Domain, the Sky Reversing Sect. He was the core person of the Sky Reversing Sect, a sect skilled in the art of healing for hundreds of years. Although he was not particularly strong, his medical skill had been cultivated to the point of perfection. Adding to this, he was also skilled in the art of alchemy and had a good relationship with the Empire's Medical God and Pill God. It was also these two old monsters who recommended Wang Zhen into the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, and his excellent performance along the way had allowed him to gain the trust of Yu Xiaoxing.

“I pay my respects to Palace Lord Ye.” Wang Zhen hurriedly bowed.

His medical skills were excellent and he was incomparably talented, and therefore was naturally proud and arrogant. Otherwise it was impossible for him to be close with the Medical God and Pill God, people of the older generation. But no matter how proud Wang Zhen was, in front of Ye Qingyu, he was extremely respectful. This was not only because Ye Qingyu was the strongest person in Heaven Wasteland Domain, but also because of Ye Qingyu’s attainments in medicine and alchemy. The Lord of the Sky Reversing Sect had long looked up to Ye Qingyu for these reasons.

“No need to be so polite, Sect Leader Wang, how is the condition of the injured?” Ye Qingyu asked.

Wang Zhen roughly described the recovery of the wounded people in the western courtyard, and then added, “Her Majesty sent people to invite famous doctors from the city yesterday. They treated them a little, but most importantly they took out some divine grass and pill medicines that Heaven Wasteland Domain do not have. The effect was very significant, and the situation is much better than the previous days. The people who were only lightly injured have basically recovered, it's just that...”

“Just what?” Ye Qingyu asked.

“The pill medicines that the famous doctors of Heaven Connect City took out are really expensive. The resources that Her Majesty had allocated are almost exhausted, and the subsequent use will be very shocking. I have sent people to inquire in the city. Under normal conditions, if we were to go and purchase some from other pharmacies, we should be able save a lot, but the time...”

Wang Zhen's words appeared to be cautious.

But Ye Qingyu already understood when he had only heard half of it.

The so-called famous doctors in the Heaven Connect City seemed to have treated the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps as rich people and cheated them. However, the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps were unfamiliar with the city, and what they needed the most was time. If they did no receive timely treatment, some of the injured people may not recover for the rest of their life. In such a situation, even if they knew well that the other side was scamming them, they still had to harden their neck and accept it.

Ye Qingyu said without the slightest hesitation, “This matter, you do not have to ask Her Majesty. No matter how high the price is, as long we confirm that it is effective, then we have to buy the herbs and medicines. Buy what you need, just take the expenses from the Light Palace, you just need to let Luo Yi know.”

Wang Zhen was overjoyed when he heard this.

“Thank you Lord.” He bowed again.

The Light Palace had a special place in the empire, not only was it moderated by the Empress, also had its own resources and arsenal of weapons. Since the Lord of the Light Palace had said so, then he did not have to worry about the cost. Everyone knew how astonishing was Palace Lord Ye Qingyu's wealth.

As he was speaking, Ye Qingyu again looked at the injured people.

His blood and qi had not fully recovered, and thus his strength was not up to their previous peak levels; however, general examination and observation were not a problem for him. He did not at all find it troublesome to examine the injuries of the wounded one by one, and looked at the prescription and treatment given by the so-called famous doctors of Heaven Connect City. He slightly nodded, the approach was right, but was not particularly brilliant, especially since a number of the herbs and pills prescribed were extremely expensive divine grass and rare medicines. They were all precious herbs used to make up for the inadequacy of their medical skills...

These famous doctors were all very arrogant and simply did not attach any importance to Ye Qingyu. Sometimes they would only reluctantly answer Ye Qingyu with an indifferent look.

Everyone else looked at them with glaring eyes.

What status and prestige did Ye Qingyu have in the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps? Not to mention within the diplomatic corps, even on the entire Road of Chaos, he was also a well-known figure. These so-called famous doctors were just middle and lower class people in Heaven Connect City, yet they were acting like that?

Some people wanted to retort, but Ye Qingyu shook his head and signaled them to stop with his eyes.

In the end, Ye Qingyu also did not say anything, and with an amiable manner, he instead bought the divine pills at a high price from these so-called famous doctors. He very carefully put them away, whispered a few word in Wang Zhen's ear, and then left with Luo Yi.

The famous doctors of Heaven Connect City cast sidelong glances at Ye Qingyu, sneering inwardly.

After leaving the room, he headed straight to the quiet room of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 816:


Chapter 833, Dragon-Human Clan



The Great Dragon Turtle Demon was a venerable elder of the southern territory Water Race of Heaven Wasteland Domain, who in the process of the rating assessment had made a lot of efforts and performed meritorious service. Adding to this he was old, experienced and had outstanding morality and conduct. He was a highly respected elder of Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. In the battle of the Chaos Storm, he did not hesitate to support the formations at the expense of his life yuan, in order to protect the rest of the diplomatic corps. This self-sacrifice had made everybody of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps feel incomparable admiration and respect for the Great Demon of the Water Demon Race.

And because his injury was special, in the sense that his life origin had been burned, it could not be cured with the common herbs and pill medicines, and so he was placed separately in another room and was specially looked after.

When Ye Qingyu came to the quiet room, the door suddenly opened.

A middle-aged person in silk robes walked out with a gloomy look on his face. The man's yuan qi was not considered particularly strong, but Ye Qingyu could tell with one glance that his cultivation level was around the seventh stage of the Immortal Step boundary. From the way he was dressed, he should be one of the famous doctors that Empress Yu Xiaoxing had invited over.

“Medical God Zhao, Medical God Zhao, please wait a minute, please don't go. Besides the thousand-year-old Violet-Gold Dragon King Ginseng and the Sky Reversing Pill, is there no other way...” A young demon girl rushed out of the room, anxiously urging the middle-aged man in a black robe to not go. “Please, Doctor Zhao, please think again, I'm willing to pay any price.”

Ye Qingyu recognized that the demon girl was the great, great granddaughter of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon. Her name was Zhong Xuan.

Zhong Xuan, a member of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, was one of the little geniuses of the Dragon Turtle Race of the Water Demon Race, and also the most beloved heir of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon. She was naive, lively and kind-hearted, and thus loved by everyone.



Zhong Xuan was arranged to take care of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon, and because of familial love, she became incredibly worried about her great grandfather. Due to the fact that the Great Dragon Turtle Demon had exhausted his source origin, there was little that the doctors of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps could do to treat him, and they predicted that he would not live past ten days, making Zhong Xuan incredibly upset. What she did not expect was that a famous doctor from Heaven Connect City, Doctor Zhao, had said that her great grandfather could be saved and prescribed a medicine for him.

This was supposed to be a joyous occasion in a hopeless situation.

But upon a closer look at the prescription, Zhong Xuan was dumbstruck.

Because the items listed on the prescription, although she had never heard before, she could tell were all rare treasures. Then, when she inquired about the price, the number that came out of Doctor Zhao's mouth almost made Zhong Xuan collapse.

As a little genius of a prominent family in the southern territory Water Race, she also had a certain status and wealth in Heaven Wasteland Domain; however, this price was one that she would never be able to afford. There was most likely nobody in Heaven Wasteland Domain who would be able to afford it.

She rushed out, hoping to ask Doctor Zhao to think of another way. Who would have known that she would run into Ye Qingyu.

“I pay my respects to Palace Lord.” Zhong Xuan hurriedly bowed.

Ye Qingyu's status and prestige in Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps were unrivalled.

Gently waving his hand, Ye Qingyu already knew what was going on.

He took the prescription from the hands of Zhong Xuan, glanced at it, and turned around to ask Doctor Zhao, “Medical God, this item listed here can really save Mister Dragon Turtle?”

Doctor Zhao originally had an arrogant and disdainful expression, and just as he was about to speak, he suddenly realized something and took a careful look at Ye Qingyu. Hi eyes flashed with shock, and he became less arrogant as before.

Now the entire city was talking about Madman Ye. The appearance and deeds of Ye Qingyu were no secret, and from hearing Zhong Xuan addressed him as Palace Lord Ye, as well as his appearance and demeanour, he could already guess Ye Qingyu's identity.

He did not dare to show too much disrespect in front of the Madman.

After all, even the numerous experts of the Black Moon Immortal Palace had been slaughtered by this young man.

“The items on the prescription can indeed save the old gentleman, but...” Doctor Zhao hesitated a bit, but in the end bluntly said, “But the items are too valuable, even the great men in the city may not necessarily have them. And to use such things to save a...” Here, he glanced at Zhong Xuan and did not continue, but the meaning was very obvious. To save an old demon, who was not even at the Immortal Step boundary, with such a valuable divine medicine was simply a waste.

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, “It would be great if you can save him. Thank you, Doctor Zhao.”

“I don’t dare to.” The middle-aged man in black gave a cupped fist salute to Ye Qingyu, and then thought of something else, “I have heard of the name War God Ye. As part of the Human Race, I am also very proud. In the future, if required, I can give free treatment to the members of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.”

“Oh?” Ye Qingyu couldn't help but take another look at Doctor Zhao, and then nodded. “Then thank you. Luo Yi, see Doctor Zhao off.”

Luo Yi accepted the order and left.

Ye Qingyu stood there deep in thought. He had some thoughts toward this Doctor Zhao.

Then he turned around and entered the quiet room with Zhong Xuan to see the Great Dragon Turtle Demon

He stayed in the quiet room for a full hour before he left.

The scenery in Heaven Connect City was infinitely good, but Ye Qingyu had no intention of taking a stroll outside.

The face of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon was constantly appearing in his mind. He saw the old demon lay on the stone bed like a statue, as old as a fossil, his long life almost completely consumed, and his blood and qi candle would be extinguished at any time. He was at his last gasp. Ye Qingyu felt extremely distressed at the thought of this.

He did not want to let someone who had performed such meritorious service like Great Dragon Turtle Demon to die.

Ye Qingyu stood quietly in the wind for about one hour before he lowered his head and took a look at the prescription in his hands. He then called Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui to arrange a few matters for him, before he returned to the quiet room and began to cultivate. He seized every minute and second to absorb the energy of the divine liquid, restoring his cultivation base.

Time flew by.

Another day passed in the blink of an eye.

In the quiet room.

Ye Qingyu slowly opened his eyes, feeling a smooth sensation swimming around his body, and his blood and qi had increased dramatically. The power of the divine liquid was indeed heaven-defying, and perhaps it was because of the fact that Ye Qingyu had swallowed too much divine liquid during the previous battles, his absorption and acceptance of the divine liquid was astonishing.

Ye Qingyu estimated that he could restore to his previous peak state, if this were to continue for another three or five days.

Suddenly, the voice of bodyguard Luo Yi sounded from the outside.

“Lord, there are people in the reception hall waiting to see you.”

En?

Ye Qingyu was taken aback for a moment, before a smile curved on his lips.

It really was as Mister Ren had predicted - there was a force at the door so soon.

“Have you determined the identity of the guests?” Ye Qingyu asked, as he slowly got up, stretched his body, and walked outside.

Luo Yi nodded, and then the next moment shook his head, a somewhat strange expression on his face as he explained, “Lord, they said that they are the Dragon-Human Clan, and among them there is a woman who claims to be the Third Princess.”

Dragon-Human clan?

Ye Qingyu was shocked.

He had immediately guessed the intentions of these people.

“Let’s go.”

Immediately, he and Luo Yi, one after another, headed towards the reception hall on the east side of the Green Xuan Hall.

……

Reception Hall.

Ye Qingyu and Luo Yi stood under the eaves in front of the hall, and before they stepped into the hall, they already heard clamouring from inside.

“Why is Ye Qingyu still not here, we have waited for one hour already. He only has little fame yet he is so disrespectful. He really is too arrogant!”

It was a woman's voice, which to Ye Qingyu sounded as sharp as two blades grinding against each other. Moreover, her tone was somewhat aggressive.

“Haha, could it be that your Lord Ye, as the outside world has said, really wants to take forcible possession of the treasure of my Dragon-Human clan?”

The voice was rough and hoarse, like that of an old man, and although there was a smile in his tone, the words made people feel that there was a hidden dagger in that smile and a deep shrewdness.

On the winding corridor.

Ye Qingyu scrunched his brows together.

Luo Yi was even more infuriated.

If Lord Ye had not stopped him he would have retaliated right away.

The pair entered the reception hall.

The racket came to a halt.

In the middle of the hall.

The five figures surging with arrogance turned to the entrance, eyes flashing.

The one in the lead was a pretty young woman, with watery eyes, fair and clear skin, and long red hair that neatly reached her waist. Beneath a fiery red scale armor was her slim and curvaceous figure. On both sides of her forehead, there were two antler-like dragon horns of half a finger length.

Because Ye Qingyu cultivated the [True Will of the Sky Dragon], he instantly sensed the aura of the Dragon Race exuding from the Third Princess.

It seemed that she was the Third Princess of the Dragon-Human clan.

Ye Qingyu's eyes flashed, confirming that the identity of the woman in front was indeed the Dragon-Human clan.

But the Third Princess had an arrogant and disdainful look, and seemed to look down on everyone else.

Beside her there were four middle-aged or old-aged Dragon-Human clan experts.

All four were clad in dark blue scaly armour, tall and burly, and with high and thick brows. They all looked incomparably imposing. Although there was not a dragon horn on their foreheads, there were still other dragon-like features on their limbs and hair.

Particularly, one of the old elders, who had all white hair, brows and long hair down to his chest, which almost covered up his eyes. His nose was hooked like an eagle's beak, eyes deep as an abyss, and there was a scheming expression within them. His fingertips were ink-coloured, and sharp as claws. He seemed to be much stronger than the other three Dragon-Human experts, and even than the Third Princess.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

