Chapter 1161:

Chapter 1176, Immortal gold dropped from the sky
After  hundreds of years, there was finally the appearance of a present age  Martial Emperor, and not only one. At the same time, the Azure Cloud  Platform was about to reopen, and King Zhenyuan would soon step onto the  Azure Cloud Platform. When these two pieces of news spread out, the  whole Guardian Royal City was almost boiling, like salt sprinkled into a  hot pan of oil.
Either  of these two news was enough to cause turmoil in the entire Dark Realm,  let alone the fact that these two news had appeared at the same time,  leaving many of the great aristocrats feeling a little numb after  hearing it.
Of course, numbness did not mean that they were unsurprised by the unexpected.
It was just that the consequences of the news was just too great that it had to be digested slowly.
And  in this process, the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] Zhang  Longcheng was undoubtedly a core factor. Many important aristocrats and  many people looked back at the causes and processes that set off the  storm in the Royal City, and were surprised to find that the stormy  waves, from beginning to end, were related to the person that the  aristocrats call country bumpkin.
To be more precise, everything was actively and intentionally pushed forward and created by that country bumpkin.
And  now, it looked like this country bumpkin had gotten carried away and  finally brought about his death. No one believed that he would win  against King Zhenyuan in the showdown on the Azure Cloud Platform.
Although  he had again and again created miracles in Royal City, made the  eyeballs of countless people pop out, and made all forces take notice of  him and have a whole new level of admiration and respect for him, this  time, almost everyone, as they did before the beginning of every  incident, thought that he would lose, suffer an utter defeat.
Because this time, Zhang Longcheng's opponent was King Zhenyuan.
He could be said to be the King of martial arts legends in Royal City for thousands of years.
Many  people thought that, if King Zhenyuan were willing to let go of things  of no value and concentrate fully on cultivation, he would be someone  highly likely to enter the boundary of Martial Emperor.
It was no exaggeration to say that Zhang Longcheng was playing with fire every time, and in the end had gone too far.
All  sorts of discussions, like wildfire, were burning within Royal City,  and with Royal City as the center spread across the major provinces of  the Dark Realm.
The current situation was as chaotic as a game of chess.
The world was like wildfire.
……
……
As a person involved, Ye Qingyu evidently was not aware of this.
He  was in a very good mood. After returning to the General's residence, he  immediately connected to a visual call with the cosmic light brain [The  Beginning], and then invited [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] to join in.
The  achievements in the civilization of science and technology were very  different from formation martial arts. There was not the slightest  fluctuation of energy and would not be noticed by the experts in the  Royal City. Moreover, there was an immediacy that formation martial arts  methods could not achieve. It was incomparably convenient. Regarding  the communication aspect, the scientific and technological means also  showed great superiority.
Back  then, Ye Qingyu had read all ofthe books in the library of the military  division, and the books he read were basically all sent to [The  Beginning], and with its powerful calculation ability, it was able to  obtain a lot of more concrete and specific evaluation.
Adding  to this, a few days ago, around the time that King Zhenyuan returned to  the capital, Ye Qingyu was incomparably excited to find that he was  able to connect to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. It was clear that while Ye  Qingyu was arranging his plans, Luoshen Ridge had already established  contact with the Fire Province.
Of  course, in order to avoid this secret being leaked out from Little  Nine’s mouth, for the time being it was only these three people who were  connected together. This dog was excluded and did not know the  existence of this contact channel.
Ye Qingyu recounted what happened at the east city gate.
“King  Zhenyuan is a terrifying opponent. I had perceived his aura before in  the Fire Province. He once had the thought of killing me in order to  disintegrate the bandit army in the Fire Province. I have clashed with  him before, and it was probably because he did not have absolute  certainty in winning so he was reluctant to make a move, and ultimately  did not do anything.”
[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] described King Zhenyuan's qi.
Ye Qingyu listened very carefully.
When  [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was in the Vast Thousand Domainsn, he was  already almost able to suppress three Quasi-emperors alone, and had  reached a very terrifying stage of the Quasi-emperor realm. He  disappeared after the battle in the starry sky, and it turned out that  he had come to the Dark Realm. Although Ye Qingyu had not seen him in  person, he had an intuition that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei’s] strength must  have frantically risen once again.
Since  [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had personally said that he has clashed with  King Zhenyuan, which made King Zhenyuan give up the operation to kill  him, then that was enough to show that he most likely had already  reached the ninth step of the Quasi-emperor realm.
For  existences of their level, even without a battle, they could still  perceive their opponent's martial arts and qi from a distance.  Therefore, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei’s] analysis of King Zhenyuan had a  huge reference value for Ye Qingyu. The information he gathered must  have been much more than what he obtained today during his confrontation  with King Zhenyuan above the east city gate.
[The Beginning] was taking notes on one side.
While recording information, it asked the two people a few more questions.
Because it needed to compute and simulate something.
After  awakening these days, it had collected countless information on the  present age formation martial arts and was currently extrapolating  something.
“Although  what you have provided is not much, but three months of time should be  enough. I will certainly be able to help you demonstrate King Zhenyuan's  fighting style and battle strength.” [The Beginning] sounded full of  confidence.
If there was enough time, it can even extrapolate the process of birth and extinction of the entire universe.
Ye Qingyu smiled and did not discourage this light brain.
Extrapolations and simulations could not solve everything.
The  most peculiar place of formation martial arts lies in that not  everything was definite. Even if calculated beforehand, a martial artist  can still create miracles. He didn’t think that the most powerful state  of King Zhenyuan simulated by [The Beginning] would be able to  understand all of his secrets; however Ye Qingyu did not object to [The  Beginning] doing so. At least it can provide some regular information  and allow Ye Qingyu to understand his enemy to a great degree.
Suddenly, there came a voice outside.
“The Chief Commander Sun’s official residence of the military division asks to see Military Judge Zhang Longcheng.”
The  voice was resounding, incomparably clear, and like strands of silk, was  upright and frank, without the slightest cover up. It made people feel  good when they heard it.
Ye Qingyu ended the video conversation.
Now,  the whole General residence was deserted and quiet. Besides Ye Qingyu,  there wasn't any other people. The loose leaves danced in the wind, like  a withered mound. He walked out of the main hall, along the paved road  of fallen leaves, and came to the gate of the official residence.
A  youngster in the deputy general’s armour of the Chief Commander  residence was waiting patiently outside. Seeing that Ye Qingyu had come  out, he bowed respectfully and presented an invitation to him with both  hands, “Military Judge Zhang Longcheng, I am Sun Li. My clan's chief  commander asks to see you regarding something important. I wonder if  it’s convenient for you to come over now?”
Ye  Qingyu also recognized this youngster. He was the general who was  following behind Chief Commander Sun Yi that day at the King of  Zhenyuan’s residence. He was very young, also very talented, and should  be the focus of the Sun clan’s cultivation.
“Lord Sun Liis too polite, please lead the way.”
Ye Qingyu did not hesitate to agree.
At  the east city gate it was the sovereign of the Sun clan who stood up  for him. Moreover, given Chief Commander Sun Yi’s stance during the  battle at the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, the Sun clan had already  helped Ye Qingyu greatly. This olive branch needs to be picked up.
Moreover, Ye Qingyu wanted to ask why the Quasi-emperor of the Sun clan would help him at all costs.
……
……
Half an hour later.
The Sun clan’s residence, the ancestral mansion.
In the depths of the mansion.
“Training in the Immortal Domain?”
Ye  Qingyu was astonished to hear this, “Your Majesty, you mean the Sun  clan wants to give the place of training in the Immortal Domain to me at  no cost? This...”
Under  the guidance of Sun Li, Ye Qingyu came to the Chief Commander’s  residence, and was then brought to the Sun clan’s mansion under the  leadership of Chief Commander Sun Yi. Then, with no psychological  preparation, it was there that he met the sovereign of the Sun clan, a  living Martial Emperor.
And,  without much concealment, drama and bargaining, the Sovereign of the  Sun clan went straight to the point. He said that in three days he would  send Ye Qingyu into the legendary Immortal Domain for training to help  him enhance his strength to cope with his battle on the Azure Cloud  Platform three months later, and did not propose any exchange  conditions.
This was a huge surprise to Ye Qingyu.
At the same time he was more puzzled than before.
The  Immortal Domain was a place that many people in the Dark Realm hoped to  go to. It was rumoured that this was the only remaining world of the  Immortals after the Immortal world shattered to pieces and holds the  secret of immortality. Since ancient times, the majority of Martial  Emperors who were born in the Dark Realm had some sort of link with the  Immortal Domain.
This  piece of fragment of the Immortal world was acquired by the creator of  the Dark Realm, became the most valuable treasure, and was said to  contain the secret known only to the heavens. Many real super forces of  the Dark Realm were also not qualified to enter the Immortal Domain for  training. Since ancient times, there were only two ways to enter the  Immortal Domain. One of which was that there has to be a Martial Emperor  born within the clan, but if there wasn’t a Martial Emperor among the  descendants, then the place would be automatically lost. The second way  was to perform exceptionally meritorious service to the camp, such as  Nie Tiankong. However, later Ye Qingyu came to know that, although Nie  Tiankong was rapidly promoted for killing Wang Jianru, he in fact did  not obtain the eligibility to enter the Immortal Domain for training.  There were some twists and turns along the way. Between power and the  eligibility to enter the Immortal Domain. Nie Tiankong in the end made a  choice and gave up this eligibility.
And  even the Martial Emperor families that have such eligibility were  extremely cautious with such a place, and would select the most  outstanding talent of the clan. It was only after such a talent had been  through training to a certain extent, passed various assessments, and  that they think there is further possibility, that they would consider  sending them into the Immortal Domain, to win the opportunity of  becoming Emperor.
Such a place could be said to be extremely precious, and was enough to make all of the aristocrats in the Dark Realm envious.
Now, the Sun clan said they were giving up this place for Ye Qingyu.
Ye Qingyu found it a little hard to believe.
Although  he was indeed very keen to get this eligibility, he was more aware that  Immortal gold would not drop from the sky. It was impossible for the  Sun clan to not have any conditions or request.
“What does elder want me to do?” Ye Qingyu also asked bluntly.
© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1162:


Chapter 1177, Doomed

The conversation did not last long, and about half an hour later, Ye Qingyu, led by Sun Li, left the ancestral home of the Sun clan.

Outside the heavily guarded hall, dozens of top members of the Sun clan, including the current head of the Sun clan, Chief Commander Sun Yi, watched Ye Qingyu leave with a complex expression on their faces.

Because the Sovereign of the Sun clan did not conceal this matter from these people——Sending Ye Qingyu into the Immortal Domain was not something that can be kept a secret and would sooner or later be heard. Therefore, the higher-ups of the Sun clan were the first to know that the clan's most precious resource, the last place of entering the Immortal Domain for training was given to the outsider who had just left.

“Why? Such a valuable place...”

Although unwilling, it was a decision made by the old ancestor of their clan, thus no one dared to object.

“Yes, we will not even frown if old ancestor wants our lives, as long as it is for the clan, we are willing to do anything, but why should the last spot that could revitalize our clan be given to an outsider?” Another aristocrat of the Sun clan expressed his puzzlement.

Others nodded one after another.

“Old ancestor must have his purpose for doing so. The will of old ancestor is not something you and I can guess. Don't think too much into it, just act according to old ancestor's command.” Chief Commander Sun Yi ran his eyes across the crowd. “In a few days, this matter will spread out. Pass on the message that all of the people of my clan cannot talk about this matter in private, and even more must not be disrespectful to Military Judge Zhang Longcheng.”

He had an extremely high prestige among the clan, so after he spoke out, the crowd also stopped talking.

“Scatter.” Chief Commander Sun Yi waved his hand, seeming somewhat dispirited.

Why would old ancestor give this spot to Zhang Longcheng?

Chief Commander Sun Yi knew very clearly.

Quite simply because to this day the Sun clan still have not had a real genius born in the clan. Although little heaven's pridelings such as Sun Li existed in the Sun clan, it was impossible for him to compete with the real geniuses of other great forces, and his strength had not reached the point where it can support the future of the Sun clan.

In the past, old ancestor could patiently wait because of his long life yuan.

But now, old ancestor had only ten years of life remaining; he cannot wait any longer.

Since there wasn't a genius within the clan that could support the future of the clan, the place to train in the Immortal Domain would only go to waste. Thus it was better to seek assistance from an external force. Over the years, the Sun clan seemed to be enjoying resounding fame throughout Royal City and outstanding status, but that was only because of the existence of a present age sovereign. Apart from this, other foundation cannot match that of real top aristocratic clans, and it was only the spot to train in the Immortal Domain that was the most impressive.

To take this place to train in the Immortal Domain as the condition and bargaining chip in exchange for an external force to support the Sun clan was something that old ancestor has been thinking for a few years. There was only one chance. They must succeed without fail, so they must be cautious.

The reason why other top aristocratic families and forces were not a target of cooperation was because, in this world, where the weak are prey to the strong, these aristocratic families that do not hesitate to step on bones and blood to rise to the top, would betray any promise for benefits. Even if it they were to be given the place to train in the Immortal Domain, the aristocratic families may keep their promises at the start, protect the Sun clan for a while, but may not protect the Sun clan forever as the sovereign of the Sun clan expects.

Moreover, in the present age, only a Martial Emperor, a sovereign of Royal City, could help the Sun clan remain strong and maintain outstanding status in the Dark Realm even after the loss of the sovereign of the Sun clan——and it was best for him to be a newly born Martial Emperor.

Therefore, the Sovereign of the Sun clan had long projected his eyes to the younger generation who have the hope of becoming a new Martial Emperor, but unfortunately there hasn't been a suitable candidate so far——A talented genius that was good enough to become a Martial Emperor was not that easy to find. Moreover, this person had to be a loyal, righteous and kept to one's promises. That was even harder to find.

It was only when [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] Zhang Longcheng appeared that the Sovereign of the Sun clan's eyes lit up.

After some observation, and some calculations, Zhang Longcheng became the candidate.

Undoubtedly, in the view of Chief Commander Sun Yi, this was one of the Sun clan's craziest and most adventurous investments. Once successful, they would maintain the status of the clan once and for all, and even if the old ancestor died, there would be no impact on the clan. But if the gamble failed, it was estimated that at most, ten years later, the Sun clan would become a speck of dust in the Dark Realm.

These were not his predictions.

These were what the Sovereign of the Sun clan said himself.

Although the talent and martial arts ability of Chief Commander Sun Yi was only able to preserve the accomplishments of previous generations, the Sovereign of the Sun clan still extremely valued him and thus did not hide this from Chief Commander Sun Yi.

And Chief Commander Sun Yi, after knowing this, also did not speak out in front of other people.

Because not everyone can consider so much, and not everyone was willing to accept the fact that the talents of the Sun clan were gradually fading and had to rely on the power of outsiders. Sun Yi even more did not want the words and behaviour of the people in the clan, who lack foresight, to offend Zhang Longcheng, leading to all old ancestor's effort wasted.

By the time the news of the Immortal Domain place spread, all of the beings of the Dark Realm would understand that the Sun clan and Zhang Longcheng are completely tied to the same chariot. At that point, it was most likely that there would be more great forces carefully re-judging and analyzing Zhang Longcheng without prejudice, and will realize the great potential within this little General.

It can be imagined that, at that time, there would certainly be some top forces and existences, who do not want to see the success of the Sun clan's plan, and would attempt to ruin the plan in various ways and means, or even attack Zhang Longcheng or sow dissension between Zhang Longcheng and the Sun clan.

At that time, he, as the head of the clan, would carry a great deal of pressure. He must eliminate all the hidden dangers in advance, in order to avoid the Sun clan facing the situation of losing both the chicken and the eggs. In particular, if Zhang Longcheng really became a new Martial Emperor and the Sun clan had become enemies with him, it really would become the biggest joke in the world.

“Zhang Longcheng, this person, I cannot see through him. The him now should not be the real him. I cannot see through his true face, but from his body, there is not only a powerful energy, but also Dao qi. It is only a matter of time for him to become Emperor. This is my Sun clan's last chance.”

These words of the old ancestor rang in the ear of Chief Commander Sun Yi.

He let out a long sigh and turned away.

……

……

At the same time.

King Zhenyuan also came to the Sky Fox clan's mansion.

He had a great reputation and high prestige in the whole Royal City. The King of Zhenyuan’s residence was also a high and mighty presence in Royal City that countless forces look up to, but in fact, the King of Zhenyuan’s residence was not the top powerful clan, but the Sky Fox clan.

Therefore, King Zhenyuan, after coming into the Sky Fox clan's mansion, also appeared very solemn and respectful.

At this time, he already knew that the second Martial Emperor who appeared above the east city gate was the old ancestor of the Sky Fox clan. King Zhenyuan also had vaguely guessed why the Sky Fox clan invited him here.

A moment later, King Zhenyuan saw the old ancestor of the Sky Fox clan.

This was not the first time he saw a present age Martial Emperor, but in the face of the supreme existence of the Sky Fox clan, King Zhenyuan still felt the fear, awe and reverence of facing a Martial Emperor for the first time. So many years had passed since then, he thought that after he had made rapid progress in his martial arts cultivation and was much more powerful than he was in the past he would not have the same fear when he sees a Martial Emperor again, but that did not seem to be the case...

A Martial Emperor was indeed worthy of being called an existence that stands at the highest peak of the world.

Being infinitely close to a Martial Emperor also at the same time meant that there was an infinite distance to the real Martial Emperor realm.

In the ancestral cave, King Zhenyuan and the old ancestor of the Sky Fox clan talked for half an hour.

When King Zhenyuan came out from the ancestral cave, he could not help a smile forming across his face. It was evident that he was in an extremely good mood, and had made unexpected huge harvests in his bargaining with the old ancestor of the Sky Fox clan.

Under the escort of the masters of the Sky Fox clan, King Zhenyuan left.

Just after the departure of King Zhenyuan, a spy of the Sky Fox clan hurriedly rushed back to the mansion to report the latest news to the Patriarch.

After the Patriarch heard the report, he immediately went to the ancestral cave to notify the old ancestor of the Sky Fox clan.

“Huh? The Sun clan has made such a choice? Haha, that old thing really is ready to risk everything. He even gave away the place to train in the Immortal Domain to Zhang Longcheng. It seems, he really is very optimistic about this little General, I am also quite surprised...” The black and white Sky Fox ancestor sat cross-legged on the eight-sided platform, carefully pondering over something. He then sneered, “That old thing of the Sun clan is calculating, but unfortunately, he is doomed to fail. This Zhang Loncheng will certainly die on the Azure Cloud Platform. There is only three months of time. Even if he were to enter the Immortal Domain, what progress can he make? Haha, just in case, order someone to send over my clan's [Nine Mistake Reincarnation Plate] to Yuan Wenjun, for him to use on the Azure Cloud Platform.”

“Huh? Old ancestor please think twice, the [Nine Mistake Reincarnation Plate] is your Emperor Life Treasure weapon, how can you lend to it outsiders?” The Patriarch of the Sky Fox clan was taken aback when he heard this. “Today, Yuan Wenjun has already received an Imperial weapon from our clan, he should be able to deal with that little General.”

“A lion must also do his utmost even when fighting against a rabbit. This time, we cannot be careless. After all, that old thing of the Sun clan has created many miracles in the past. No matter when, you should not underestimate the plan of a Martial Emperor, even if he is dying.”

“Yes, I will remember,” the Patriarch of the Sky Fox clan hurriedly responded.

It was only now that he really understood how much importance the old ancestor attached to the Battle of the Azure Cloud Platform. It seems that the little General called Zhang Longcheng is absolutely doomed.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1163:


Chapter 1178, Right in front of his eyes

White clouds, waterfalls.

Ten thousand kilometers of rivers and mountains were as beautiful as jade.

Ye Qingyu was bare from the waist up as he sat cross-legged under the waterfall, like a jade sculpted statue. His body was extremely perfect, scarless and flawless.

He closed his eyes and began to feel this world.

Here was the Immortal Domain.

The place that everyone in the Dark Realm dreamt of coming. It was rumored that the reason that there were Martial Emperors in the Dark Realm, and more than one, which far exceed the number in the Vast Thousand Domains, was because of the existence of this Immortal Domain.

On the third day after the agreement was reached with the Sun clan, Ye Qingyu, under the personal escort of Chief Commander Sun Yi, entered the Immortal Domain, and to this day, it had already been ten days and ten nights.

This Immortal Domain was not particularly big.

In the past tten days, Ye Qingyu learned that the Immortal Domain only had an area which was less than one hundred thousand kilometers, and that this world was most likely the piece of remaining fragment of the Immortal world.

And in this Immortal world fragment, there was a rich spiritual qi that Ye Qingyu had never seen before. If the laws of heaven and earth that Ye Qingyu had sensed in the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm were similar to seeing flowers through mist, then this layer of fog had now completely vanished. All the laws of heaven and earth, all mysterious qi, like a peerless beauty was unclothed, revealing the most naked and clear body, were seen at a glance.

Ye Qingyu finally chose to understand the Dao in the center of the Immortal Domain, that is, under this huge waterfall. He wanted to feel the true mystery of heaven and earth and to obtain its most perfect and the purest power.

Moreover, Ye Qingyu was surprised to find that the nameless breathing technique, which his father passed onto him, fitted incomparably well with this world, as if he had already fused with the heaven and earth of the Immortal Domain and has quickly entered into a strange state.

Between confusion and puzzlement, Ye Qingyu could clearly perceive that there was a great change taking place in his body, which was an indescribably wonderful feeling. It was an ascension of his strength and cultivation base.

“As expected of the Immortal Domain, it unexpectedly has such a wonderful effect.”

Ye Qingyu opened his eyes and slowly got up, standing in the emerald green water, like duckweed. Floating with the water ripples, it seemed as though he was drifting in the turbid waves of the earthly world, there was an unconcealable Dao rhythm flowing around him.

He could feel that every minute and every second that passed, his strength and cultivation base were ascending, and that his body was like a bottomless abyss, devouring, accommodating, digesting, transforming, and absorbing the power in the Immortal world.

This mysterious effect greatly astonished Ye Qingyu.

“No wonder the outside world said that the Immortal Domain could give rise to a Martial Emperor. It is indeed true. Given this degree of ascension, it will not be long before I can strike the boundary of Martial Emperor.”

Ye Qingyu marvelled.

But he did not know that not every expert who enters the Immortal Domain would have such an effect——In fact, if the other powerful heaven’s pridellings, who had entered the Immortal Domain for training, were to see his ascension process and speed, their jaw would certainly drop. This change was too unbelievable, and had never happened before.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

Dozens of glowing fist-sized light balls, buzzing like mosquitoes, flashed before Ye Qingyu, and shot out a colourful brilliance that formed into a light screen, where [The Beginning’s] figure appeared on.

“This is really a very strange world, I made a huge discovery. In this world, there is an Immortal material that contains a strange and indescribable force. I cannot determine the specific composition of it for the time being. But I guess the so-called Emperor opportunity is very likely related to this Immortal material.”

[The Beginning’s] voice sounded.

These fist-sized light balls were some quirky gadgets that [The Beginning] gifted to him before he left the Luoshen Ridge. According to [The Beginning], these things can survey the heaven and earth, conduct out energy spectrum, and glimpse into the physical laws and energy laws of the world.

At first, because some constructions in the Luoshen Ridge had not yet been completed, it was not possible to control these gadgets over long distances. Now, the various infrastructures of the earth civilization within the Luoshen Ridge had been built and tested, thus these things finally came to use at the Immortal Domain.

While Ye Qingyu sat cross-legged, these light balls were wandering between the heaven and earth, analyzing the original components of the Immortal Domain. Now, there were some results on [The Beginning’s] theory, but these data needed to be constantly analyzed in order to reach a final conclusion.

“Then you analyze it slowly. Right, send a copy of the image and the result to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] once done,” Ye Qingyu said.

His Dao lay in his heart. The results of the earth's civilization may offer some enlightenment, but he did not intend to understand formation martial arts in full according to the way of earth civilization, but to only use it as a reference.

He hoped to obtain some of the images and analysis results, which were also useful for [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. From their previous conversation he learned that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was only one step away from the Emperor realm.

The real reason that Ye Qingyu told [Taoichu] to analyze the Immortal Domain was in the hope that the earth civilization can be used to equip a large number of dark citizens and the ordinary citizens of the Vast Thousand Domains, enhance their overall strength, so that if there were invaders in the future they can reverse the fate of the cycle of civilization.

[The Beginning] agreed, and then remotely controlled the light balls for further analysis and sampling. Now there were tens of thousands of light balls spread across the entire Immortal Domain. The dozens in front of him were only a small part of it.

The means of the earth civilization greatly astonished Ye Qingyu.

[The Beginning], who was far away in Luoshen Ridge, was able to unbelievably, through time and space, control the light balls in the Immortal Domain. A Martial Emperor might not even be able to do this.

He let out a sigh, and then left the pool.

In the Immortal Domain, there were mountains and rivers, medicinal herbs, divine plants and many shocking materials, but there was not a single intelligent living creature.

According to some of Ye Qingyu’s previous observations, he found that, although the medicinal herbs here were from an ancient era and possess unbelievable medicinal properties, strangely none have evolved into intelligent living beings. This was incredibly bizarre, because medicinal herbs and divine plants from the same year, if placed in the Vast Thousand Domains, would have long become a spiritual being and possess power and intelligence.

Ye Qingyu did not pick the medicinal herbs, nor did he extract the mineral resources.

No amount of divine medicine and hidden treasures was useful anymore to improve his present strength and cultivation base.

One month of time passed by.

Ye Qingyu constantly changed the cultivation site, as though touring the scenic spots, and seemed extremely relaxed. Through pines the bright moon glows, upon the stones the clear spring flows. Ye Qingyu, like an animal listening to his instincts, drank the mountain spring water of the Immortal Domain, and ate the fruits on the tree. He had completely cleared his mind, like drifting clouds and wild crane, understanding the world.

Three thousand red dusts refine my heart.

Three thousand great Dao cleanses my body.

He even forgot time and forgotten himself.

One month later, he was awakened from a deep sleep by a strange force permeating his body, like a dam had burst in his body. A mysterious force was fusing with all the cells in his body, including muscles, blood, and bones, and eventually became part of his body...

At this moment, Ye Qingyu felt that he was ascending and becoming an Immortal.

He felt that his body was as light as a cloud of smoke, like he was going to drift with a gust of wind. It was as though he had completely fused with the world.

“This feeling... this... I seem to have reached a peak, the ultimate, this is the end of the Quasi-emperor road. If I move a little further, even an inch, it will be the realm of the Martial Emperor.”

Ye Qingyu mumbled with an astonished face.

His mind had been opened, a divine light flowing in his heart, as he became aware of his limits.

There were nine steps of the Quasi-emperor realm, and it was only after completing these steps that one would truly enter the realm of Martial Emperor. Each step was extremely difficult, in defiance of the natural order, and full of all sorts of danger. Since ancient times it was unknown how many exceptional heaven’s pridelings failed to go through these nine steps. Previously, Ye Qingyu played all his cards to fight against an eighth step Quasi-emperor, but now, he had only been in the Immortal Domain for one month, yet he had already reached the ninth step. Such progress was incredibly frightening.

“The entry is too fast, it's just too fast... it is inevitable that the foundation is unstable, and there may be flaws.”

Ye Qingyu was not happy but somewhat worry.

He began to examine his body, reflecting, in order to find the weaknesses and flaws of his martial arts foundation.

Another half a month of time passed by.

“There is no flaw, the foundation is solid, as if hammered and refined for thousands of years... strange, how could this happen?” After half a month of reflection, Ye Qingyu was surprised to find that, unlike what he had feared, his foundation and cultivation base were extremely solid, and there was not the slightest flaw as he had expected.

This really was a strange phenomenon.

“Since I entered the Quasi-emperor realm, all progress and improvement seem particularly easy. Countless heaven’s pridelings are trapped in the first step of the Quasi-emperor realm and unable to progress in their life. But I... why would this be?”

Ye Qingyu couldn't figure it out

Looking back on his road of martial arts, the beginning was the most arduous and it got easier along the way. Although he had repeatedly fought many battles, the danger was always turned to safety and without mishap. His strength had been ascending all along, faster every time. It was completely different to other martial artists, where the path was most difficult in the end. In particular, after entering the Quasi-emperor realm, everything was achieved without extra effort. And now, in the process of training in the Immortal Domain, he was more like a cocoon becoming a butterfly, reaching the peak of the Quasi-emperor road without much effort.

Why was it so smooth?

He was surprised that he couldn’t solve it.

For the next half month, Ye Qingyu was still reflecting on this.

He wanted to find the reason. Lying back between the mountain rocks, clear spring, meadows, and trees, he thought back to his childhood, thought of when he started cultivation in White Deer Academy, thought about his time in Youyan Pass, and all the things he had experienced along the way. He reflected on his every ascension opportunity in martial arts.

He originally had an astonishing memory, and by deliberately recalling the past, he felt everything he had experienced in the past were reappearing in his mind one scene after another. It was as if he was re-walking the road he had taken, repeating the things he had done.

A qualitative change, while he was recalling the past, was quietly sprouting and began to show up.

Three days later.

“I can feel that the opportunity to achieve Martial Emperor is right in front of my eyes, like a thin paper, I can puncture through with a gentle poke. The opportunity to become Emperor is right in front of my eyes,” Ye Qingyu muttered.

This was not an illusion, but a realization.

As long as he wanted to, Ye Qingyu felt that he could become Emperor at any time.

This was the state that countless supreme martial artists dream of.

Even Ye Qingyu was not clear how long he can maintain this state.

But he was hesitant.

Am I going to become Emperor in the Immortal Domain?

Or wait till I get back to the Dark Realm and try again?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1164:


Chapter 1179, Rest assured Elder

After careful consideration, Ye Qingyu in the end did not try to break through to the Martial Emperor realmin the Immortal Domain.

He gave up the temptation of becoming Emperor.

Because this place was, after all a fragment of the Immortal world, and not the real world, while he was a person of the real world. Thus he was unsure whether he would drop back to the Quasi-emperor realm once he returns to the real world if he were to break through to the Martial Emperor realm here because of different laws. That would be even more troublesome.

“It's almost been two months, the battle on Azure Cloud Platform is near. I can only stay here for less than ten days.”

Ye Qingyu calculated the time.

Each person trains at the Immortal Domain for different lengths of time, and because Ye Qingyu entered through the referral of the sovereign of the Sun clan, he could stay in the Immortal Domain for up to three months. There wasn't much time left now.

“Although it’s not possible to break directly into the real Emperor realm, I could in this space explore the true power of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], [Blood Drinker Sword], and other weapons. Through further refining and strengthening, their power can be increased several times.”

Ye Qingyu summoned the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

As though it sensed the profound meaning of heaven and earth in the Immortal Domain, the cauldron began to shake, and eventually emitted a glimmer of thought, before it turned into a stream of light and flew off into the distance.

Ye Qingyu immediately understood its will.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] had long developed its consciousness, but it was just that it was extremely obscure before. However, the will that was released during that moment was very clear, it intended to absorb the power of heaven and earth in the Immortal Domain to evolve.

This saved Ye Qingyu a lot of effort.



Shortly after, Ye Qingyu found a place where the underground fire was exceptionally strong. With the help of the underground fire of the Immortal Domain, he continued to refine the [Blood Drinker Sword]. Ye Qingyu was ready to take this sword as his Emperor life weapon, after all, it was a weapon that he created himself, unlike the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds], which although marvelous, were not built by his own hands and were difficult to work with his own ways.

Especially since Ye Qingyu had now reached the critical moment to take that important step. Every Martial Emperor, once they achieved the Dao, would have their own Emperor life weapon.

Ye Qingyu intended to make [Blood Drinker Sword]] his Emperor life weapon.

The underground fire in the Immortal Domain was the flame of the Immortal world, which was several times more powerful than that in the Vast Thousand Domains and Dark Realm, almost if composed of the law of flame and not fire elements.

Ye Qingyu took out the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill], which was still an incomparably huge sword body as before, and directly threw it into the raging flames.

The law of fire blazed, curling around the body of the sword.

Ye Qingyu observed for a moment, until he was certain that the body of the [Blood Drinker Sword] was able to bear the law of fire in the Immortal Domain. At the same time, he gained a little more confidence in the [Blood Drinker Sword] becoming refined and strengthened into an Emperor life weapon.

He drew a deep breath, and then sat cross-legged in the void.

In his eyes, divine light sharply increased, as he performed the hand seal of the fire control technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters, controlling the flame law to constantly refined the [Blood Drinker Sword].

This process looked as though it had been practiced hundreds and thousands of times already.

Today, not only did Ye Qingyu's cultivation base increased significantly and was only one step away from achieving the position of Martial Emperor, in alchemy, fire control, weapon casting, he could also be called a great master of the world. Even though he had not casted or refined an ultimate Emperor weapon before, the whole process was skillful and without much hesitation, like flowing water.

Approximately one day later.

The [Blood Drinker Sword], whose sword body was originally as large as a door, had its various impurities constantly eliminated by the fire, despite the composition of the [Blood Drinker Sword] being divine materials of the present age. Eventually the entire sword body was only two meters long and half a meter wide, almost reduced in size by one-tenth.

Ye Qingyu, while refining the [Blood Drinker Sword], constantly inserted formation markings into the sword body.

These formation marks were the result of his many enlightenments. The transformation into formations and constantly hammered into the sword body of the [Blood Drinker Sword] was an integration process between the human and the weapon. This was the reason why it was called an Emperor life weapon.

Each and every one of the hand seals and formation markings, at the beginning were the secret technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters, but later were completely different. Each hand seal and formation symbol was developed from Ye Qingyu's understanding and experience and born out of the one hundred eight ancient characters, pill mantra and other secret techniques.

At the end, Ye Qingyu's imposing manner was sublimated, and as he continued to form hand seals, his state was also adjusted to the peak.

Weapon refining was originally a kind of martial arts cultivation.

Time passed by.

Layers of imperial mist were flowing out from Ye Qingyu's body.

Even the [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds] couldn’t cover the true face of Ye Qingyu. Zhang Longcheng's appearance had faded, revealing Ye Qingyu's true face, his sword-like brows, bright eyes, plump cheeks, heroic spirit and muscular and sharp facial structure, like a jade statue. His young face was full of a charm that could overturn the world.

A number of strange formation markings, which were completely different from the world, were flowing out from the hands of Ye Qingyu, constantly inserted into the body of [Blood Drinker Sword] that was floating above the underground fire of the Immortal Domain.

Clang!

It looked as though an invisible hammer was constantly beating the [Blood Drinker Sword], producing a melodious clattering sound, and accompanied by sputtering of sparks. There were impurities in the [Blood Drinker Sword] which were being constantly removed.

The sword body of the [Blood Drinker Sword] was also constantly shrinking.

The material was increasingly sparkling and bright, strikingly scarlet red, like the most dazzling red between heaven and earth. This was its truest colour, flawlessly pure, resembling the blood of god flowing around.

Such a process continued in a constant manner.

During this, Ye Qingyu paused a few times, repeatedly analyzing and observing the state of the [Blood Drinker Sword]. He was very careful. In the process of refinement, there were a few times when Ye Qingyu almost touched the last barrier of becoming Emperor, almost advanced into the Martial Emperor realm, and had to stop.

The process of weapon refinement continued for several days.

The body of the [Blood Drinker Sword] became smaller and smaller.

In the end, it became similar size to a normal sabre.

Ye Qingyu still did not stop, and continued to inject countless formation markings into the sword.

By the time the [Blood Drinker Sword] was truly completed, it will contain Ye Qingyu's understanding of formation martial arts, contain the will and understanding of the Dao of Ye Qingyu. This was equivalent to casting all of Ye Qingyu's knowledge and what he had learned in his life into the body of the [Blood Drinker Sword]. It was only in this way that an object and a human could integrate perfectly, and for it to become an Emperor life treasure.

In the blink of an eye, time flew by.

This day, Ye Qingyu suddenly snapped open his eyes.

He felt a repelling force between heaven and earth, which meant that the deadline for this training was over, and it was time to leave.

He gave a wave of his hand.

The long sword that was four fingers wide and 1.6 meters long including the hilt fell into his hands.

At this moment, the [Blood Drinker Sword] was still in an incomplete state. Ye Qingyu vaguely realized that a real Emperor weapon cannot be created through just refinement. There was the need for an opportunity. As the [Blood Drinker Sword] fell into his hand, there was a very strange feeling as though it was fusing with his body. The sword was emitting a bright brilliance, and with a casual slash, the void was split before the blade, like cutting butter with a hot knife.

Based on the sharpness, one slash of the sword was enough to break the defense of a Quasi-emperor.

After this refinement, the [Blood Drinker Sword] had been completely elevated to a new level.

“It's time to leave.”

Ye Qingyu tried to summon back the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

A stream of light streaked across the air.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] emerged, shrouded in mysterious bronze mist and light. It had also undergone great changes. The ancestor patterns had become incredibly clear, vivid and lifelike, and were no longer as blurry as before.

As expected, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] had also undergone great changes.

It released a wisp of consciousness, and Ye Qingyu was immediately well aware of its changes.

“At this point, even when facing King Zhenyuan, I can kill him with just a sword.”

Ye Qingyu was full of confidence.

Since, under the Martial Emperor, there was absolutely no one that could win against him.

The repelling force in the Immortal Domain was becoming more and more intense.

Ye Qingyu did not resist, but set foot on the road he came from and directly headed out of the Immortal Domain. The opportunity here had come to an end. He cannot absorb all the power in this world, but to leave it for the fateful people of future generations.

The aura of the [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds] surged, wrapping around Ye Qingyu fully. His facial muscles and bones were moving like flowing water as it took on the appearance of Zhang Longcheng again. Given Ye Qingyu's present cultivation base, he no longer needed any secret technique to change his face, and even Martial Emperors would no longer be able to perceive his true identity.

……

……

Guardian Royal City.

During this period of time there were all kinds of rumours.

Everyone knew that it has been a full two months since [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] Zhang Longcheng went into training in the Immortal Domain. Seeing that the deadline was almost up, they all wanted to understand what sort of opportunity Zhang Longcheng obtained in the Immortal Domain, and whether he had the capital to battle against King Zhengyuan.

And regarding the Sun clan's big gamble, the great aristocratic forces in the city all had mixed opinions. However, the majority believed that the final struggle of the Sun clan before sunset was doomed to fail. They had placed all hope on an outsider with no foundation. Even if Zhang Longcheng were to defeat King Zhenyuan, it was still impossible for him to become the backbone of the Sun clan.

Rumble!

The sky gate opened.

Thunder and lightning of chaos curled up as a figure came out of the sky gate.

It was Ye Qingyu.

Waiting outside the sky gate, the aristocrats of the Sun clan, led by Chief Commander Sun Yi, turned their heads toward Ye Qingyu right away. They wanted to know whether this outsider, who they have placed all of their hopes on, has transformed from a cocoon into a butterfly in the Immortal Domain to the extent they expect.

The lightning and thunder of chaos dissipated.

The immortal gate closed again.

Ye Qingyu came to stand before the crowd.

“Chief Commander Sun Yi, everyone, thank you for your trouble.” Ye Qingyu gave a cupped fist salute.

The Sun clan this time had really invested a lot. It appeared as though they were here to welcome Ye Qingyu, but in fact came to protect the safety of Ye Qingyu, afraid that the super forces in the city would attack and kill Ye Qingyu the moment he stepped out of the Immortal Domain, thereby destroying the Sun clan’s hope.

Ye Qingyu could even clearly perceive the presence of the Sun clan's sovereign. It was clear that they were worried that the sovereign-level existences in the city had the intention to kill Ye Qingyu.

“Military Judge Zhang Longcheng, Old ancestor asks you to please come to the Sun clan's ancestral house until the Azure Cloud Platform opens.” Chief Commander Sun Yi found that he could no longer see the depths of Ye Qingyu, because it appeared that the aura of Zhang Longcheng was about the same as it was before he entered the Immortal Domain. There was no apparent significant growth; however, he dared not to speculate too much and immediately came forward to invite him with a smile on his face.

Ye Qingyu nodded, “Okay.”

He did not refuse.

Because in addition to the aura of the Sun clan's sovereign, he also sensed a number of sovereign-level martial arts aura sweeping past the sky gate and over his position. It was evident that powerful and influential people were secretly observing his state in order to determine whether he had made a real harvest in the Immortal Domain. Among these, there was also the aura of the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan.

Without the slightest doubt, Ye Qingyu knew that if these high and mighty sovereigns felt a threat, they might attack right away and kill him here without waiting until the battle on the Azure Cloud Platform.

Fortunately, Ye Qingyu had long been prepared for this. Before he came out, he had used the power of the [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds] and [Cloud Top Cauldron] to suppress his aura. As a result, the cultivation base he showed was almost no different to what it was before entering the Immortal Domain. Therefore, the several different auras also, after a brief observation, all vanished.

“A total of six different auras... in other words, there are at least six sovereigns in Royal City, which means that there are six Martial Emperors... but their aura is very bizarre, erratic and not at their peak.”

Ye Qingyu sensed some information.

In the end, under the escort of the Sun clan, he returned safely to the ancestral house of the Sun clan.

“How's the harvest?” the ancient voice of the sovereign of the Sun clan sounded.

He stared at Ye Qingyu and took the initiative to ask. In truth, the first moment he saw Ye Qingyu, there was an icy cold feeling that came to his heart, because he found that despite two months of training in the Immortal Domain, Ye Qingyu's cultivation base and aura showed limited growth from what it was before.

Even for someone with his status and experience, at this time he also couldn’t help but feel a little apprehensive. After all, such a huge gamble was related to the future fate of the entire clan.

“Rest assured, elder.”

Ye Qingyu's answer was very simple.

The sovereign was taken aback for a moment, and immediately realized the meaning of these words. A relieved smile spread across his old face, and then his face lit up with joy.

He realized that it was because Ye Qingyu was deliberately suppressing his aura that he misunderstood. Moreover, since Ye Qingyu was able to affect his perception ability it was enough to show that he had made great terrifying harvest in the Immortal Domain, and very likely to have stepped into that realm.

At the same time, there were very different news circulating in the outside world.

“Zhang Longcheng has gained nothing in the Immortal Domain, and it can be ascertained that the Sun clan has wasted their place...” A great aristocrat of the Sky Fox clan directly and clearly released these words out, “In the battle on the Azure Cloud Platform Zhang Longcheng will die no doubt.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

