Chapter 1029:


Chapter 1044, Stop me from becoming Emperor?



A flood of silver clouds went roaring toward the depths of the starry sky.

The Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor had fled.

At the most critical moment of the life-and-death confrontation, he chose to betray his ally, withdrew his power and fled toward the depths of the starry sky. His speed was extremely fast, exuding a very different imposing manner to when he split from his Dharma body and planned to die together. It was incredibly astonishing. Being a Quasi-emperor, no one had thought that he would choose to do so.

The ancient macaque-resembling, lightning-wielding Quasi-emperor had been abandoned and betrayed.

The supreme power of the [A smile overturns the sky], like a torrent, had thoroughly crushed the final will and strength of the Quasi-emperor, completely dispelling the green lightning and thunder force. This was the source of power of the Ancient macaque-resembling, lightning-wielding Quasi-emperor. But what was surprising was that, in this green thunderbolt, there was a strange black decaying force and a stench of monstrous corpses, which turned into a huge white skull, like the skull of a spirit from the ninth hell. This illusion lasted for a moment, before it began to spread...

“You...I hate.”

This was the last voice that the ancient macaque-resembling, lightning-wielding Quasi-emperor left in this world.

It was clear that this sentence was aimed at the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect, rather than [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

He hated the fact that the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor had betrayed him and escaped at the most critical moment.

The once illustrious ancient Emperor had come to an end.

Such a change was unexpected, even for Li Xiaofei.

It was naturally difficult to stop a Quasi-emperor who wanted to escape.

Not to mention that the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor had obviously planned this in advance. He had made use of the psychology of the crowd to make others think that he would fight to the death. Who would have thought that he would take advantage of the ancient macaque-resembling, lightning-wielding Quasi-emperor to block [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], while he escaped in a hurry and disappeared in the blink of an eye...

Even the old man Quasi-emperor was not able to react in time.

The great Quasi-emperor battle had come to an end.

For all of the experts, it was both sad and happy.

Ye Qingyu, the Crown Prince of the Black Demon Abyss, and the others were extremely happy and glad, but the Four Stars holy girl was standing in the Void in a daze, as though her spine had been removed. Her face was devoid of expression, and it was evident that the defeat of the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor was absolutely a huge blow to her, which she could not accept. On the other side, the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] had already began to slowly retreat toward the depths of the universe, with the intent to escape...

Two flashes of green starlight eventually landed in the hands of [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] Jiang Xiaohan.

A green brilliance flashed, wrapping around her, and Jiang Xiaohan's figure had vanished from sight.

At the last moment, the deceased ancient macaque-resembling, lightning-wielding Quasi-emperor had unexpectedly sent away Jiang Xiaohan. When a man is near death his words are kind. The Quasi-emperor had used his last trace of power to send away his Emperor weapon and successor. It was obvious that he hoped that Jiang Xiaohan could pass on his martial arts.

The experts of other sides were all slowly retreating.

After the end of the Quasi-emperor battle, the next step was to differentiate the new structure of forces. Who knew what kind of choice that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] would make.

After all, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was said to be an unyielding supporter of the Human Race. It was unknown how many experts of other races he had killed before. In this Quasi-emperor war, there were many people who did not stand in the stance of the Human Race and thus were also extremely restless, afraid that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] would destroy them all after his great victory in order to eliminate all the roots.

At this moment [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] still showed no intention of taking action.

“It's finally over.” The figure of the old man Quasi-emperor slowly shrank back in size, eventually resuming his normal state. His hair shortened, and he seemed to be a little exhausted. As he came to Lu Wei's side, he was swaying, as though it was difficult to stand up firmly.

“Grandpa?” Lu Wei, who sensed something strange, quickly assisted the old man.

The old man shook his head slightly, “I'm fine.”

Ye Qingyu's eyes flashed a thoughtful expression.

In the starry sky, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], who was blood-soaked, was like an immemorial mountain that cannot be climbed. His blood was burning, and his whole Dharma body seemed to have turned into a huge fireball. In fact, his aura was so strong and tyrannical that it was much more terrifying than when he faced the three Quasi-emperors. Moreover, he did not show the slightest intention of withdrawing his aura to heal, but seemed to be activating his strength at all costs, and constantly adjusting his state!

“Is he going to strike the Emperor barrier?” The voice of the million-year-old soul sounded.

He came to Ye Qingyu's side.

Strike the Emperor barrier?

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], at this moment, in this state, was going to strike the real martial arts Emperor boundary?

“This Li Xiaofei... is unbelievably adjusting his battle will and imposing manner with the help of the Quasi-emperor battle, treating the three great Quasi-emperors as grindstones in order to strike the martial arts Emperor realm. This person... whether or not he was successful in the end, with this spirit, this heart, he can already be called peerless. From the beginning, he did not attach any importance to the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor or the other two Quasi-emperors?” the million-year-old soul said emotionally.

He was an existence of the Spirits Age, who had continued to exist in the present age due to a coincidence and opportunity. It was unknown how many peerless heaven's prideling experts he had seen before, and even if he had seen martial arts Emperors before, at this moment he also could not help feeling deeply moved. In the heart of the million-year-old soul, whether it was Ye Qingyu or Li Xiaofei, both were exceptional peerless genius. And in the ancient times, the emergence of such a genius could already dominate an era, but now they had appeared at the same time...

“Perhaps the true flourishing period is coming, just like the era of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, which was like pouring oil onto a flame... A real golden period is coming, but such a great era is bound to be full of killing and all kinds of unknown. Throughout the ancient and modern times, geniuses had always emerged in batches. It is difficult to predict who could go to the end. Back then how magnificent were the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, but ultimately they all... ”

The million-year-old soul sighed inwardly.

Meanwhile, the imposing manner and aura of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was still ascending at an incredible and frantic speed.

The blood in his Dharma body seemed to be flowing and burning, and his tremendous body was shrouded in blood red flames. The terrifying power, like a surging tide, was gushing towards the vast darkness of the starry sky. The experts were like little boats in the midst of a stormy sea, retreating repeatedly. This was only the aura naturally overflowing out from [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], yet it was difficult to control their body. Moreover, the rotating stars in the distance were disturbed by this strange force, breaking away from the orbit, colliding with one another, and erupted in terrifying flames...

“This... is infinitely close to that of a real Emperor.”

The Four Stars holy girl exclaimed in a daze.

“Could it be that Li Xiaofei really is going to cross that step.” A Great Saint of the Demon Race exclaimed.

Many people's hearts jumped to their throat.

Were they really going to witness the birth of a martial arts Emperor?

This was a historic moment.

It should be said that a martial arts Emperor had not emerged in thousands of years. Would they really witness such a historic moment today?

If a martial arts Emperor were to emerge in the Human Race, what kind of impact would it have on the structure of forces in the whole world?

Countless thoughts flashed across the minds of all of the experts.

Ye Qingyu also opened his eyes wide.

The imposing manner of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] continued to increase.

Blue-green chaos mist began to generate from his body. This was the real aura of chaos. Between the heavens and earth there seemed to be some sort of power gathering together, and an invisible pressure was spreading. It seemed as though the whole world was shaking. In the vast Void, there were strange ripples being born, although invisible to the naked eye, and unperceivable by remarkable abilities, all experts had a strange feeling, as if there was something, some sort of power, moving frantically toward [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

“Carrying the mandate of heaven,” the million year-old soul exclaimed.

The colour of surprise on his face grew stronger.

Because he saw that Li Xiaofei had come to this point, which was the most critical stage of hitting the real Emperor realm.

The reason why a martial arts Emperor was stronger than a Quasi-emperor was not because of the cultivation base and power, but in the ascension of innate character, being recognized by the heavens and earth, and truly carrying the will of this heaven and earth. Each and every word and thought represented the power of the heavens and earth. This was the terror of a martial arts Emperor. A Quasi-emperor can only carry a little of the mandate of heaven——or more accurately, can only touch the edge of the mandate of heaven. For example Li Xiaofei, for four thousand years the extent of the mandate of heaven that he had touched can only be regarded as carrying one or two percent of the mandate of heaven. While new Quasi-emperors such as Quasi-emperor Mushan and the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect had not even touched upon one thousandth.

That's the root cause of their defeat in the hands of Li Xiaofei.

It was a pity that they did not know even in death.

And Li Xiaofei was clearly touching upon the true profound meaning of a martial arts Emperor.

In truth, at the beginning, the million-year-old soul was not too optimistic about Li Xiaofei. After all, it was not easy to become a true martial arts Emperor. Of those who had successfully set foot on the peak, which one was not an unmatched existence that had been through countless tribulations and had the help of the heavens and earth? Although Li Xiaofei had defeated three great Quasi-emperors, but compared to the distinguished people in the past it was still not enough...

But now... was he really going to succeed?

The million-year-old soul did not know.

It wouldn’t really be so in defiance of the natural order, right?

The imposing manner between the heavens and earth was becoming more and more terrifying. [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was blazing, his body gradually growing fainter, but the pressure was still ascending, as if he was about to detach from the world. Each of the chaos hurricanes that was visible to the naked eye was at least millions of kilometers long, forming and curling around his huge dharma body. Among which there was even the power of lightning and thunder bombarding his Dharma body...

Tribulation!

The million-year-old soul was incomparably shocked.

Only he knew how amazing it was to get to this point.

Was this human really going to go against the natural order?

In the present era, could someone really break that seal force and step onto the peak?

He found it hard to believe, but the truth was just before his eyes. [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was going to succeed.

Ye Qingyu, though not fully understanding the situation, had already vaguely sensed something from the information he had.

At this time [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was invincible, and was still constantly ascending to no end.

Time passed by.

In the eyes of the old man Quasi-emperor, there was a look of incomparable nervousness.

Li Xiaofei was surrounded by chaos hurricanes, like several giant chaos snakes of millions of kilometers long was coiling around his body. Lightning fell endlessly, faintly discernible in the chaos storm, and constantly bombarded his Dharma body...

All of a sudden——

Boom!

In the Void of the universe, a ripple flashed and the Void broke open.

An incomparably tremendous grey-copper temple slowly appeared from the Void crack, suppressing Li Xiaofei's Dharma body.

The unexpected change was something that nobody had ever thought.

But Li Xiaofei seemed to have predicted this a long time ago, laughing he said, “You have already imprisoned me for four thousand years, you still refuse to stop? You want to block me from becoming Emperor? Are you guys that afraid of a new Emperor emerging from the Human Race? You are willing to go against the taboo to attack me, do you know the price you will have to pay?”

Ye Qingyu was greatly shocked.

For he could tell that the grey-copper temple was very familiar. It was the building that had once imprisoned Li Xiaofei in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss.

It had come out of the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss and got here?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1030:


Chapter 1045, Blood-soaked licorice gourd

The grey-copper temple emitted captivating grey smoke, full of a deathly aura, as if it was from the land of death. Layers of grey ripples were rippling, eliminating the aura of the Mandate of Heaven on [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. As it rapidly neared, it was constantly expanding and growing larger. In the blink of an eye, a giant object of millions of kilometers was suspended in the Void, suppressing down at the head of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

The temple was so bizarre and had dissolved the aura of the mandate of heaven.

“That's... it actually showed up?” The million-year-old-soul took a breath of the cold air, eyes flashing a hint of fear.

Ye Qingyu asked, “What is it? Is this grey-copper temple terrifying?”

“It is a taboo object passed down since ancient times. It had also appeared back in the era of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, and had set off a big calamity...” The million-year-old soul had a solemn look on his face as he spoke, “In the past, every time it appeared, there was a major event. It is rumoured that the fall of the martial arts Emperors is related to this grey bronze temple.”

“What?” Ye Qingyu only felt a chill shrouding him.

Related to the fall of the martial arts Emperors?

Could the grey-copper temple suppress the martial arts Emperors?

This was too unbelievable.

If that were the case, then wouldn't it be dangerous for [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]?

Ye Qingyu's heart suddenly tensed up again.

“Want to suppress me?” [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] laughed. “In four thousand years, do you think I have not comprehended your secrets?” He made a move, striking the grey-copper temple. The fist, after carrying the mandate of heaven, contained the qi of chaos and possessed an earth-splitting ability. The divine brilliance that was weaved from the various formation chains was surging like a vast sea.

Boom!

Terrifying aura surged.

The deafening sound waves filled the Void of the universe.

The grey-copper temple shook, propelled hundreds of thousands of kilometers away from the impact of the punch.

Ye Qingyu and the others cheered.

But soon the cheers came to a halt.

Because the grey-copper temple was undamaged. There were disordered and dull light flowing around the copper walls that were covered with ancient sword marks and holes, like a vortex, emitting endless grey, dull deathly aura. It was slowly spinning like a large millstone as it crashed down again toward the head of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. It was much more terrifying than before.

As expected, things were not that simple.

Ye Qingyu's heart tensed up again.

What kind of power wanted to stop a martial arts Emperor from emerging from the Human Race?

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had mentioned the word ‘you guys’, in other words it was not only the grey-copper temple that was secretly watching everything?

Boom!

The violent Dao sound reverberated again.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] once again swung out a fist, which contained more terrifying power that constantly bombarded the grey-copper temple.

The grey-copper temple was sent flying again and again, and even shook and almost collapsed, but each time quickly adjusted the rhythm. It was slowly spinning like a millstone as it pressed down, slowly and firmly, as if to erase [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] inch by inch.

“It's impossible... this bronze temple represents death and destruction, and no living creature can withstand its will.” The million-year-old soul sighed. “Back then, the supreme existences of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors had also tried to suppress it to no success. It still exists now.  How would Li Xiaofei, who had not become Emperor, fight against it?”

Ye Qingyu felt his heart tightened when he heard this.

An existence that not even the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors could destroy?

What kind of frightening existence was in this grey-copper temple?

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Roars of a Dao sound resounded throughout the dark, deep starry sky.

At this moment, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was exuding the demeanor of truly the strongest person of the present age. Every punch he launched out sent the world quaking, as if the world was resonating with his fist. His Dharma body was millions of kilometers tall, like a primitive giant, unexpectedly triggering the chaos storm and the power of lightning and thunder around him to bombard the grey-copper temple.

Bang!

Bang!

The fluctuation above the grey-copper temple became increasingly apparent, and the body of the temple was violently shaking, even the grey deathly light mist had faintly disintegrated.

A glimmer of hope surged in Ye Qingyu's heart.

“He used the power of the mandate of heaven to withstand against the grey-copper temple, what a good idea...” The million-year-old soul's eyes lit up, but then immediately shook his head. “It is still too simple, if this fierce object is so easily defeated, it would have been destroyed by the martial arts Emperor already.”

He still wasn't too optimistic about [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

As expected, with the passage of time, the grey-copper temple grew increasingly terrifying, the grey deathly aura was spreading frantically, and the body was constantly expanding to an unbelievable degree. [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] Dharma body was already a height of millions of kilometers, but under this temple, he still looked like a small stone next to a boulder...

Boom!

Dao sounds roared.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] staggered.

“I'll help you.” The old man Quasi-emperor roared, glowing all over. His body was about to expand, restoring to the peak Dharma body state in order to help [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] withstand against the mysterious grey-copper temple.

“Don't,” [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] bellowed. “Brother Lu Dao, don’t forget our agreement, the Human Race cannot be without a Quasi-emperor to protect them.”

The old man Quasi-emperor’s body stiffened.

He was obviously reminded of something. Although he really wanted to help out, wanted to assist his old friend, in the end he did not make a move. The old man's eyes were full of grief and indignation as he roared, “The heaven does not bless my Human Race... My generation had shed so much blood, when will the blood of the hero stop flowing...”

The Quasi-emperor howled with sorrow.

Sadness flowed between the Void of the universe, making one tearful.

“Grandpa...” Lu Wei firmly held onto the old man. For the first time in his life the arrogant youngster felt his grandfather was so weak and helpless, which made him hate the fact that he was unable to tear apart the grey-copper temple in the distance, but he knew that he was still too weak.

Lu Wei's gaze shifted to Ye Qingyu.

For some reason, he felt that the youngster must have a way——although this feeling was really absurd.

At this moment, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was at a disadvantageous position.

The terrifyingly tremendous grey-copper temple swirled down, bending the waist of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei’s] Dharma body.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], who used his huge body to withstand against the grey-bronze temple, resembled the giant supporting the collapsing sky in the ancient legend. He roared, both hands holding up the base of the grey-copper temple, Dharma body surging with endless divine brilliance as he attempted to send the grey-copper temple flying away.

But the grey-copper temple slowly pressed down, spinning slowly, like a millstone, wearing down the palms of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei’s] Dharma body, grinding his skin, flesh and even bones. His blood soaked the cold metal base of the grey-copper temple. It seemed as though it wanted to gradually grind the Dharma body of Li Xiaofei into powder.

Blood flowed and burned.

“Ah, ah...” Li Xiaofei roared.

In the blink of an eye, half his arms had been ground into minced flesh.

He almost could not withstand any longer.

After all, the grey-copper temple was a fierce object related to the fall of the martial arts Emperors.

Ye Qingyu's eyes were red.

It was too hateful.

Why would that be so?

It was at this moment that an unexpected change happened, and suddenly an intermittent and very faint voice sounded.

“Old ancestor... gourd... the gourd is here!”

An incredibly weak but familiar voice was coming from the distant Void.

Ye Qingyu was startled.

He turned his head round.

Only to see that in the distant Void, under a broken tortoise shell that was covered with cracks and looked as though it would split open any moment, was a chubby figure, bloodied and badly mangled, slowly crawling towards the battlefield with great difficulty, leaving a long line of blood marks behind him...

Li Shengyan?!

“Fatty, you...”

Ye Qingyu's figure flashed, and instantly opened up the brilliance of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to protect the fatty within.

The fatty, as though he had been slashed by tens of thousands of swords, was bloodied and badly mangled. There was not a single complete piece of flesh all over his body, and he simply did not look human.

His spirit was also in a state of near depletion. His eyes were lifeless, and he was only focused on crawling forward, paying no attention to anything around him. In his bloodied hand was a licorice gourd, as he repeated the same words over and over again, “Old ancestor... gourd... the gourd is here...”

Ye Qingyu's eyes turned red.

This fatty.

He knew at once what was going on.

The fatty who was not strong enough unexpectedly did not choose to stop halfway up the Capital Sky Peak like Qin Yanzi, Zhang Wudao and the others, but chose to forcibly withstand the terrifying pressure. He was crawling forward inch by inch, little by little. Whether it was his physical body, spirit or mind, they were all under great pressure and close to a collapsing state. But he just withstood all this with his last breath to get here...

A stormy wave was set off in Ye Qingyu’s heart.

The fatty was at most a half-step Great Saint expert. Without the protection of other masters, it was unimaginable how much pressure he had bear to get here.

Ordinary Great Saints would most likely be turned into powder and ashes to get here.

This fatty, how on earth did he withstand to this point?

The turtle shell that protected him was almost worn out. The instant that Ye Qingyu protected Li Shengyan in the light barrier of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], it had turned into powder and dissipated.

At this moment, Li Shengyan's consciousness was already blurred.

He did not recognize Ye Qingyu, or any of the other people present, He was just wriggling forward without stopping.

He was covered in blood, his white bones were exposed. Every movement saw blood flowing out, dropping chunks of flesh, and even fragments of bones. His bloodied hand was holding a licorice gourd, and his eyes were fixed on [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. The blood flowing in his body made him instinctively crawl toward [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. “Old ancestor... gourd...”

He came to bring the licorice gourd to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

This gourd was the last foundation of the Li family of the Ming Domain.

Although broken, it still had great power.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had gifted this gourd to the fatty, hoping that it would protect him at the critical moment. After all, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was invincible, but had countless enemies, so the gourd was given to fatty to protect him. Now the situation was critical, and the fatty was worried about the old ancestor, so he had come here at all costs to deliver the gourd to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]!

The little licorice gourd was drenched in the blood of fatty——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1031:


Chapter 1046, The battle between God and demon



The Licorice gourd flew in the direction of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

The moment it fell into the hands of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], a layer of yellow mist suddenly bloomed, Dao sound was flowing out of the gourd, like a yellow liquid. It was incredibly bizarre. There were rumblings inside the gourd, like waves howling, and as though there was an ocean inside.

“Hey? It is the [Gourd of the Absolute Beginning]...” the million-year-old soul exclaimed.

He recognized the origin of the gourd, which was very astonishing and once incredibly famous.

“No wonder Li Xiaofei could become a Quasi-emperor, with this gourd he can move unhindered throughout the world.” The million-year-old soul had understanding dawning on his face. Even many super forces in the world, clans, sects and imperial courts, which martial arts Emperor had emerged from before, had not cultivated a Quasi-emperor. It should be said the Li family of the Ming Domain was not a top force, yet it was able to cultivate such a powerful Quasi-emperor. It turns out that the gourd was the reason.

Ye Qingyu guarded the fatty.

The moment the licorice gourd was released from his hand, the fatty had lost consciousness.

In fact, if Ye Qingyu had not protected the fatty, he would have already turned into powder and ashes. His current state, whether it was in strength, yuan qi or physical body, was unable to withstand the ripples of Dao sounds between the heavens and earth. Moreover, Ye Qingyu had taken steps right away to treat fatty, but to fully recover, most likely that would not happen overnight.

“Can the licorice gourd block this grey-copper temple?” Ye Qingyu asked.

The million-year-old soul slightly frowned, “If it were the complete [Gourd of the Absolute Beginning], perhaps it can, but... look closely, the gourd in Li Xiaofei's hand is not in its complete state and seemed to have broken... It is imperfect, and most likely can't withstand against an object as fierce as the grey-copper temple.”

Protecting the fatty, Ye Qingyu carefully looked again.

After [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had received the [Gourd of the Absolute Beginning], as though some kind of ancient spell had been recited, the gourd was constantly releasing a tangerine yellow divine light, like a fountain, striking the grey-copper temple and unexpectedly sending the grey-copper temple flying. This tangerine yellow divine light power was much more terrifying than [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]'s Dharma body in its strongest state, and seemed to contain some kind of unique divine nature.

Freed from the suppression of the grey-copper temple, Li Xiaofei's arms instantly returned to normal.

His hands were continuously performing multiple hand seals, activating the gourd with a secret method.

The [Gourd of the Absolute Beginning] was producing increasingly terrifying tide-like roars, as though an ocean was stored inside. The tangerine yellow divine light became more and more raging, submerging the entire grey-copper temple, as if in an attempt to refine it. The grey mist of death, swept by the tangerine yellow divine light, dissipated in an instant, like boiling soup was poured onto the snow. It was obvious that there was an inherent restraining effect.

The situation seemed to have been reversed.

At this moment, the grey-copper temple was violently shaking.

“Suppress!”

An ancient and obscure note sounded from the grey-copper temple.

It was as though the ancient demon residing in it was producing a curse.

Boom!

The endless grey mist of death was surging wildly.

The door of the grey-copper temple was constantly shaking violently, emitting roaring noises, as if a terrifying creature was going to charge out. The grey mist of death was surging like the ocean waves, colliding with the yellow mist of the [Gourd of the Absolute Beginning]. Both were constantly bombarding and destroying each other, like two different divine forces of nature that cannot coexist in the world.

Very quickly the crooked copper-grey temple stabilized itself.

It was rotating slowly, like a millstone of death that could grind all materials in the world, as it crushed down again.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] let out a thunderous roar, once again activating the [Gourd of the Absolute Beginning].

The sound of roaring tide.

tangerine yellow light gushed out rapidly.

But soon, there was a crackling noise.

A crack had formed on the [Gourd of the Absolute Beginning].

In fact, there were already cracks and damages on the gourd before. Back when Ye Qingyu was in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, the first time he laid eyes on this gourd, he had already noticed the cracks and thought that it was naturally formed. The million-year-old soul could tell that the gourd was activated to its peak, and in fierce confrontation against the grey-copper temple, finally could not withstand any longer. The cracks were seen spreading and expanding...

Boom!

A violent quake could be felt.

The [Gourd of the Absolute Beginning] broke apart, the sound of roaring tide subsided, and the tangerine yellow divine light also dimmed.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] roared, cracks appearing across his Dharma body, like it was about to break apart, blood sprinkling across the starry sky.

“Li Xiaofei is going to lose.” The million-year-old sighed. “It's a pity, the peerless genius is no match for an undispersed soul. If there were no obstruction, he may have really become Emperor. Unfortunately some existence does not allow the emergence of a new martial arts Emperor in this world, especially a martial arts Emperor of the Human Race... We should get ready to leave, this matter cannot be reversed, there may be a calamity coming if we continue to stay.”

Although he lamented, there was nothing he could do to change the situation.

After all, he was at his weakest times.

On the other side, Nan Tieyi had a look of hatred across his face, but his cultivation was far worse and couldn’t withstand against the ripples of Dao sounds in the starry sky. He did not have the ability to protect himself, let alone help out.

“Quickly leave!”

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] bellowed.

The starry sky was beginning to become unstable.

The experts of all races felt that there was a strange force that seemed to be removing everyone from this world. Then, several of the experts disappeared involuntarily, including the seriously wounded successor of the Sky Meteor Sect.

The Quasi-emperor's battle was over long ago. [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and the old man Quasi-emperor were victorious. If the grey-copper temple had not appeared, everything would have ended then, and everybody would have left already. As long as [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was willing, he could have ended the Quasi-emperor energy field and sent back all the spectating experts. At this moment it was evident that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] already had this thought, the laws of the heavens and earth of this starry sky had begun to operate, sending the Dharma body of everyone back to the Capital Sky Peak.

Perhaps he did not want to let the experts of all sides see the final end of his last battle.

Around the battlefield area, the Dharma body of the experts gradually dimmed, like bubbles, disappearing where they were.

A strange smile all of a sudden formed on the Four Stars holy girl's lips.

Her figure gradually grew fainter, looking at Ye Qingyu with a gloating face, and a feeling of renewed life after the calamity. She said in a mocking tone, “It would be difficult for Li Xiaofei to pass this tribulation. If he falls that means my Four Stars Sect had not lost... No, we have won, because the Quasi-emperor of my sect had not fallen, he will come back.”

Then her Dharma body vanished into the starry sky.

“I can't do anything to help.” The Crown Prince of the Black Demon Abyss roared, struggling, trying to do something, but failed in the end, unable to rush back to the battlefield. His Dharma body had vanished like an illusion, returning to the top of the Capital Sky Peak.

“I...” Nan Tieyi wanted to say something, unfortunately, there was nothing he could do before he also disappeared.

In the distance, the [White Jade Capital] successor stood still where she was, gazing at the grey-copper temple in the distance, seemingly thinking of something. Her expression was solemn, but in the end her Dharma body also gradually dispersed.

“Quickly leave,” [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] bellowed. The [Gourd of the Absolute Beginning] was still emitting the reddest brilliance, protecting his Dharma body, but unfortunately his power was already declining. It was unknown how much longer he could withstand. He swept his gaze across Li Shengyan, Ye Qingyu, and finally fell on the old man Quasi-emperor. “Brother Lu, you can accompany a friend for a thousand kilometers, but eventually you will have to say farewell, all banquets must come to an end, take them all away.”

Before his voice died away.

Boom!

The [Gourd of the Absolute Beginning] was shattered to pieces.

“Brother Li...” The old man Quasi-emperor sighed, grieving, and even shed a tear.

But he couldn't risk making a move.

Because he knew about the horror of the grey-copper temple, and knew the consequences.

If he were not able to win, it would be a devastating disaster for the Human Race.

At the present time, the Human Race cannot lose a Quasi-emperor existence. In this world, there were a lot of things that one would and would not do. For example, Li Xiaofei clearly knew that there was going to be danger, but he still went forward. The old man Quasi-emperor knew that if he did nothing Li Xiaofei would die, but as before he still did not do anything.

Because of the need to keep the flame.

The flame of the Human Race.

“Sigh... go!” The old man Quasi-emperor sighed, then with a wave of his hand, an invisible force gushed over, shrouding Ye Qingyu, Li Shenyan and the others.

“No, wait a minute,” Ye Qingyu struggled.

“Elder... catch the cauldron.”

Once again, Ye Qingyu activated the [Cloud Top Cauldron] at all costs, and then threw it over to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

This time, compared to the first time when Ye Qingyu threw the cauldron, his strength had increased. Moreover he had observed the battle of life and death between the Quasi-emperors, gained an understanding of the Emperor will, and had activated the violet qi of Quasi-emperor Mushan that he had collected in the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to bring it to its strongest state ever. As a result the giant cauldron had greatly changed, able to break through the grey-copper temple as well as the tangerine yellow divine light, constantly moving closer to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

Boom!

From the [Cloud Top Cauldron], there were strange rumbling sounds.

It slowly floated over, rotating and spinning.

Every time it rotated, the cauldron body grew larger.

In a blink of an eye, the cauldron had grown into a giant bright yellow cauldron of five hundred thousand or six hundred thousand kilometers of height, radiating strange bright yellow aura. It unexpectedly dispelled the deathly grey aura of the grey-copper cauldron, forced aside the blockade of grey deathly mist, and came to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]’s side.

Ye Qingyu was full of anticipation.

Back in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was able to smash open the grey-copper temple, thus it must be able to restrain the grey-copper temple this time.

Hopefully a miracle will happen.

The atmosphere was solemn and extremely tensed.

“Good.”

Li Xiaofei gave a loud roar, catching the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Like wielding a war hammer, he swung the [Cloud Top Cauldron] at the grey-copper temple.

Boom!

Amid the roar, there was terrifying power bursting forth.

“Not good...” Affected by the aftermath, the old man Quasi-emperor was tottering and his mouth overflowed with blood. With his strength, he also could not withstand the impact. “This power is too terrifying and will destroy everything... Go!” He activated a cultivation technique to forcibly bring Ye Qingyu and the others out of this starry sky. If they were to stay any longer, all would be crushed by this frightening force.

Ye Qingyu could not resist.

His figure was fading away.

In the last moment, Ye Qingyu still had his eyes fixed on the distant battlefield, watching the raging deathly grey aura and the surging bright yellow Immortal qi form a mass of chaotic fog. Through this fog, vaguely he saw the door of the grey-copper temple being smashed by the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Fragments of grey-copper shot across the starry sky, even the walls of the grey-copper temple were shattered. In the midst of the raging rumble, there were devil-like roars as an incredibly terrifying creature charged out from the grey-bronze temple. The enormous beast-like figure was covered in grey fur, rushing into the mist to face [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]...

Roar, bellow, laughter, howl!

All sorts of noises were heard, resembling a battle between the God and demon——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1032:


Chapter 1047, Ye Qingyu's wrath



Blue sky and white clouds, a breeze blowing gently.

It was the Capital Sky Peak.

Ye Qingyu, supporting fatty who had passed out, was waiting there quietly.

Next to him was the arrogant youngster Lu Wei, as well as the old man Quasi-emperor.

The eyes of the trio were fixed on the sky, as they guarded the physical body of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], looking nervous.

And the figures of the other people had disappeared long ago.

The moment the Quasi-emperor battle ended, they had left the battlefield and their Dharma body had returned to their physical body. They had left the Capital Sky Peak right away thus did not know what the end result would be. What if [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was he able to reverse the situation once again? After all, many miracles had happened to the man called Li Xiaofei. Moreover, in addition to Li Xiaofei, there was another surviving Quasi-emperor in the Human Race. If the old man Quasi-emperor's Dharma body goes on a killing spree in rage once he returned to Capital Sky Peak then the other foreign race experts would all be killed.

Therefore, by the time that the Dharma body of Ye Qingyu and the others returned to their physical flesh, everyone else had already left the Capital Sky Peak.

Fortunately, the Quasi-emperor energy field was still present, the physical bodies were still under protection, indestructible, otherwise the physical body would have been destroyed by other experts before they returned.

The only thing that made Ye Qingyu feel a little worried was that he didn’t know why, but Nan Tieyi had already disappeared.

Maybe he had to leave early for something.

He had always felt that Nan Tieyi had become a little strange after this adventure in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

The figure of the million-year-old soul was also gone, and it was unknown where he went.

But Ye Qingyu had no time to care about this.

He must guard the Dharma body of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], waiting for his return. Even if there were only one percent or even one out of one thousand of a chance, he would still wait. His last trace of hope was placed on the [Cloud Top Cauldron], hoping that the mysterious treasure could help [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] reverse the situation.

Time passed by.

On the Capital Sky Peak, the aura of Quasi-emperor energy field was slowly dissipating.

That terrifying pressure was weakening like a subsiding tide.

The physical body of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was occasionally vibrating, with cracks forming. This was the force of the battle of a great Dharma body in the starry sky being transmitted to the physical body of this world. It was clear how terrifying the battle in the starry sky was.

Ye Qingyu was incomparably worried.

The old man Quasi-emperor was silent too.

Suddenly, there were noises and footsteps coming from the mountain path in the distance.

Ye Qingyu turned his head back.

Only to see figures flickering on the mountain road, rushing toward the top of the mountain. It seemed to be the experts at the mountain foot previously.

Because the Quasi-emperor energy field had dissipated from the Capital Sky Peak, and the suppressive force had reduced. As a result these people finally broke through the restriction and came here. They took a look at the scenery of the Quasi-emperor battle peak, while some wanted to try their luck after the attenuation of the force field and the end of the Quasi-emperor battle.

Before that, there were already rumours that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had died in battle, and the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect was seriously injured but survived.

The rumours, of course, were spread by people with ulterior motives.

The crowd, like the tide, poured very fast towards the peak of the mountain.

“I heard the physical body of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] is still at the top of the mountain... If one can obtain the physical body of a Quasi-emperor, one may be able to peek at the profound meaning of becoming Emperor.”

“Haha, this is an opportunity, a heaven-sent opportunity, the few great Quasi-emperors are dead and wounded. Our opportunity has come.”

“Who dares to compete with me, die!”

All sorts of loud clamour broke out from the crowd, traveling along with the mountain wind into the ears of Ye Qingyu and the others.

These so-called experts, at such a time, had become a group of lowly bandits. The power of a Quasi-emperor’s physical body was indeed very great, and whether it was able to make the high and mighty existences descend from their level of superiority, lies in whether the return was enough. It was evident that the physical body of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had caused a lot of madness, After all, the Li family of the Ming Domain had become the past. Everybody was scrambling to get their hands on the physical body of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], without having to worry about subsequent retaliation.

The eyes of the old man Quasi-emperor were flashing killing intent.

The willful Lu Wei was fuming with rage between gritted teeth. Although he was arrogant, he was also warm-blooded and part of the Human Race, how could he tolerate the pillar of the Human Race being insulted.

Ye Qingyu set down the bloodied and badly mangled fatty on a rock, then turned and headed for the mountain road.

He waved his hand.

Swoosh!

Invisible sword qi gushed out.

A clearly visible sword mark appeared on the mountain path thousands of meters below.

“Those who pass this line will die!” “

The voice that carried anger and killing intent echoed across the Capital Sky Peak.

The tide-like figures slowed down right away, and then eventually all stopped before the sword mark.

Because there was not only a sword mark but faintly discernible sword intent was imprinted in the Void. Although invisible to the naked eye, the will of martial arts could be perceived. This sword will resembled a God Emperor high up in the air, dazzlingly bright, but also contained frightening destructive power. The figures at the forefront were all top experts of the foreign races. After an inspection, they all halted and dared not to take another step.

But the foreign race experts behind, for a moment, had not realized that the mountain road had become crowded. Following several cursing voices, jets of blood light burst out, and it was obvious that battles had broken out between the experts.

But soon, the experts behind also figured out what was going on.

The charging tide came to an abrupt stop.

Countless eyes were fixed on Ye Qingyu.

“It’s him?”

Someone exclaimed.

It was impossible to not know Ye Qingyu.

This fierce person in front of the mountain road below the Capital Sky Peak had killed close to millions of experts alone. Many people had witnessed the incredible battle. Even if dozens of days had passed since then, but thinking back, many people could still feel the chill of the two battles and even dared not to look face to face with Ye Qingyu.

Because this was simply an Immortal god of death.

The moment the many experts laid eyes on Ye Qingyu, they quieten down, drawing back, and some even turned around to leave, unwilling to face the god of death.

In an instant, the experts on the mountain path had lessened by half.

But not all experts feared him.

Some people had come to try their luck after hearing that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had died, and that Ye Qingyu's largest supporter had already collapsed. There were a small fraction of experts who arrived at the foot of Capital Sky Peak at a later date, where they heard about the terrifying battle but were unable to see with their own eyes. Therefore they were somewhat sceptical, and had come to challenge him.

“Are you Ye Qingyu? The god of death who had killed tens of thousands of people in one battle?”

A Great Saint expert of the Divine Eye clan came forward with a sneer on his face.

He was born with one eye, which was blazing with flames of battle intent, staring at Ye Qingyu. There was an obvious provocative intent in his tone. He was one of the experts who did not see Ye Qingyu's graceful bearing that day. When Ye Qingyu had ascended the mountain he was only at the foot of the mountain. When he heard the rumours, he was obviously unwilling to accept it and firmly believed that kind of accomplishment was definitely distorted rumours.

At that time he wanted to challenge Ye Qingyu and win fame.

Now, the Great Saint expert of the Divine Eye clan saw this as an opportunity.

“The legendary [Ice Sword Killing God], who had killed tens of thousands alone, just looks so-so.” The Great Saint took another step as he sneered, “The mountain is not your property, why do you stand in my way? The physical body of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] belongs to the fated person. Don't tell me you want to dominate it? That's too domineering, isn't it...”

Before his voice faded.

Swoosh!

A pure silver sword flashed.

The provocative voice was abruptly interrupted.

A line of blood appeared across the middle of the Great Saint of Divine Eye clan’s body, splitting the eye that boast to see through everything in the world into two. His whole body was neatly separated into two pieces from the middle. In front of all the foreign race experts, he had been turned into two ice sculptures, crumbled to the ground into thousands of pieces...

Dead!

Perished.

A Great Saint expert was killed effortlessly.

Many experts almost failed to see how the pure silver sword light appeared and killed the divine Saint. There was not the slightest killing intent or fluctuation of power. This feeling was so bizarre. It was as though the sword light was a divine light, an invitation from death, in that as soon as it appeared, one would die without reason.

“Killing you is just dirtying my hand.”

Ye Qingyu’s face remained indifferent, killing intent overflowing.

It was unforgivable that these people had come for the sake of the physical body of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. It should be said that the one who would benefit from [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei’s] defeat was the Four Stars Sect or the [Camp] of darkness, and without [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] these experts and their race would have become the victims and targets of the [Camp] of darkness. And now they were fighting for the body of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

It was simply unforgivable.

“In the count of three, get out of here.”

Ye Qingyu glanced down at the awkward, fearful, awed or greedy faces. The last trace of patience in his heart was already exhausted. He felt anger, grief, indignation, and itching to go on a killing spree. A peerless hero like [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had sacrificed his life to save them. How sorrowful and hateful was that?

“Within three seconds, if anyone is still on the Capital Sky Peak, I will... kill each and every one of them!”

Ye Qingyu said each word loud and clear.

He didn't want to reason with them any more.

“You... that’s too domineering, what makes you...” A Great Saint expert of the Green Demon Race subconsciously opened his mouth.

Swoosh!

A flash of sword light.

The head of the Great Saint expert of the Green Demon Race flew up.

“One!”

Ye Qingyu indifferently began his counting.

All foreign race experts were horrified.

Some who had witnessed Ye Qingyu's cold and ruthless killing before no longer dared to stay any longer, immediately they turned around and left.

They were well aware of the way Ye Qingyu acts. He had always kept to his words, and it was obvious that at this moment Ye Qingyu was in a state of extreme fury. How terrifying would the [Ice Sword Killing God] be in that state? Even the god of death wouldn’t want to face him.

There were some people who were still hesitating.

After all they had not witnessed that battle. One never shed a tear until one sees the coffin. They thought that, given their strength and the number of people here, they would have a chance. The body of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had too great of attractive force, which was more realistic than the illusory so-called Emperor opportunity in the legendary Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

“Two!”

Ye Qingyu counted again.

Another fraction of the figures retreated in fear.

But there were still nearly thousands of foreign race experts on the mountain path.

“I didn't want to commit more killing sins... but you guys... brought this upon yourself!” Ye Qingyu made a grabbing motion with one hand in the Void, bringing out the ice sword. “You won’t take the road to heaven, but pushed yourself to hell where there isn’t a door, then I will fulfill your wish!”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

