Chapter 69:


Chapter 69 – The First Kill

“So there’s still a chance?”

“Let’s first wait and see!”

Everyone clustered in front of the stone mirror anxiously. Especially when a name brightened, they would stop breathing, afraid of missing anything.

“This is terrible. Senior Brother Li Mingxin’s name has flashed again… it’s extinguished… this is his second resurrection?”

“From the beginning until now, the names of the people of Azure Phoenix Academy has not even flashed once!”

“The name of Senior Brother Han Xiaofei has also been extinguished…”

“The bright red light has greatly surged, they have already taken over sixty percent of the territory… The White Deer Academy is at an absolute disadvantage, this will be terrible if this goes on…”

“Senior Brother Li Mingxin’s name has been extinguished again… this time he will have to completely withdraw from the battle!”

“Senior Brother Han Xiaofei’s name has also been extinguished three times. He has been transferred away from the battlefield!”

“How can it be like this? The people of Azure Phoenix Academy has not even had their names extinguished even once!”

“The name of Senior Sister’s Jiang Xiaohan, has been extinguished twice!”

“The name of Senior Brother Han Shuangfu has been extinguished once!

“Only Senior Sister Bai Yuqing’s name remains completely intact.”

“We have only three people left, the chance of victory is remote…”

“This is dreadful, our first line of defense, the protector statue, has fallen. The Azure Phoenix group is currently attacking our second line of defense, with signs that it can fall at any second!”

“If there cannot be a meaningful and effective counter attack, we will lose for sure this round!”

Time passed second by second.

Everyone’s heart became worried and anxious. The tide of the battle gradually shifted to one side, making everyone standing on the side of White Deer Academy’s hearts to hang in suspense. If they lost so decisively in the first round, then this would not bode well for the later battles.

Could it be that the Azure Phoenix Academy was impossible to win against?

Could it be that the difference between the two great academies, was really so large?

Everyone was fretful and impatient as ants on a hot wok.

“Quickly look…” someone suddenly cheered. “Liu Ye of Azure Phoenix Academy’s name has flashed… it’s about to be extinguished…”

Everyone seeing this began to be animated again.

There would finally be an Azure Phoenix student that would be killed.

This was really too great; they had waited for this moment for so long. Even if they only killed one person, at least it would vent some of their anger, at least they would look better than if they were shaved completely bald.

But very quickly, the excitement and enthusiasm was mercilessly doused with a bucket of cold water.

The name of Liu Ye, after a brief period of intense flickering, did not extinguish.

And at the same time, the names of Han Shuangfu and Jiang Xiaohan of White Deer Academy were completely erased.

“This…” Within the hearts of everyone, an icy cold sensation spread.

“This is fine, the name of Senior Sister Bai Yuqing has not even been extinguished once… In the end, she has protected and defended the last honour and glory of our White Deer Academy …”

Before his sentence had finished.

The name of Bai Yuqing also extinguished.

No one spoke.

A deathly silence.

…… ……

Within the Boundary canyon battlefield.

The murderous screams were like boiling tar.

The corpses of Han Shuangfu and Jiang Xiaohan lay under the protector statue that had lost its ability to attack, and was in collapse and ruins.

The five people of Azure Phoenix Academy surrounded from all sides. A sword was stabbed through Bai Yuqing’s abdomen, fresh blood dripping down. Her tight fitting white battle dress was dyed red, withering like a white rose, her figure slowly crumbling…

What made the proud goddess’s heart fill with icy despair was not her injuries but the strength of Azure Phoenix Academy.

Seeing that the momentum of White Deer Academy was gone completely, Bai Yuqing together with Han Shuangfu and Jiang Xiaohan wanted to rely on the power of numbers to kill a member of Azure Phoenix Academy. That way, they could at least obtain a kill…

This was an ambush that had been long planned.

They also borrowed the attacking force of the protector statue, hoping to succeed in one strike. Although the situation was unsalvageable, but at least they could win back a shred of face.

Who would have guessed…

The three person ambush was not able to kill Liu Ye, and conversely, the rapid reinforcements of the four people of Azure Phoenix Academy came to kill them. Jiang Xiaohan and Han Shuangfu was slaughtered in the blink of eye, and she herself was heavily injured…

Bai Yuqing looked at the approaching Azure Phoenix Academy, their expressions filled with cold sneers. She did not hesitate in the slightest, her long sword slashing, cutting her swan-like neck across the throat, blood spurting out… …… ……

[Ascending Heaven Pavilion].

The faces of the people of White Deer Academy were ashen.

The four people who were forcefully ejected from the battlefield, Li Mingxin, Han Xiaofei, Jiang Xiaohan, and Han Shuangfu all had their heads held down, tightly clenching their fists. Their complexion was embarrassed, not even daring to utter a single word.

On the space above the sculpture of Formation Emperor Luoso, a gigantic projection was clearly visible.

Within the projection was namely everything that happened within [Boundary Canyon Battlefield].

After the four people were forcefully ejected, White Deer Academy only had Bai Yuqing left to bitterly defend – but such a defense was like the fight of a caged beast.

Vast numbers of the Azure Phoenix demon rune soldiers had already destroyed the three layers of defense of White Deer Academy. Under the direction of the five students of Azure Phoenix students, the total collapse of White Deer Academy was only a matter of time.

Bai Yuqing did her utmost to resist, one against five. This could only lengthen the time till defeat by a little.

When battle had already reached such a point, in reality they should have directly surrendered.

But Bai Yuqing bitterly endured. Only after being killed in battle three times, and was expelled from the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], did the battle end. The headquarters of White Deer Academy loudly collapsed. The first battle had ended.

White Deer Academy had lost.

Completely and utterly lost.

Silent people gathered in front of the sculpture of Formation Emperor Luoso. On the student representatives, there were both shock and unwillingness to accept this reality. They could not accept that the first battle was finished in such a humiliating manner, shocked at the powerful strength of the Azure Phoenix students.

Han Shuangfu and Bai Yuqing, were known as the strongest within all the students of White Deer Academy. They had the support of strong Spirit weapons and possessed unique battle techniques. Within the eyes of the White Deer Academy students, they were an existence they could never win against.

But even those two people could not even obtain one single kill.

The people of Azure Phoenix Academy, were they not too strong?

The White Deer Academy students that originally had utter confidence in themselves, at this instant, felt a wave of coldness pass through them. The next three rounds, it was most likely already determined.

……

Outside.

“We’ve lost… sigh, we’ve lost just like that!”

“Disgrace, not one single person has died from Azure Phoenix Academy. This is complete domination. Could there really be such a great difference between the two academies?”

“Aaaaa, I even felt that my talent was not bad and my strength was close to those people. I also thought that afterwards, in this great wide world, there is no place I cannot go, but the result is… So our White Deer Academy is so weak. I really am filled with foolish conceit, a frog at the bottom of a well!”

“This is really too embarrassing!”

“The people known as the five strongest among the fourth year lost so tragically. Hmph, they should have causally chosen a few people to enter since the result will be defeat anyway!”

In the practice grounds of the first years to the fourth years, people were still tightly clustered in front of the stone mirror. After cries of shock and distress, such a result was like cruel slaps on their faces, a fiery stinging pain being felt.

They could accept losing.

But losing to such an extent was enough to make someone break down.

The morale collapsed like an avalanche.

At the same time, the news spread out rapidly throughout the entire Deer City. A dusky cloud covered and enveloped the entire city, the oppressive atmosphere making people feel incomparably stifled. They could only let out a low sigh.

One gained glory, the other lost it.

White Deer Academy was the face of the entire Deer Mountain Range and area. If such a tragic loss was spread out, the nobilities would be laughed at for numerous days by the people of the other regions.

……

[Ascending Heaven Pavilion].

“Start the second round.”

The old Dean had no expression whatsoever. No one could tell what he was thinking in his heart.

Above the Formation Emperor sculpture, a second later, five beams of light shot out. It shined on the five representatives of the third years. After the light had disappeared, the figures of these five people were also gone, being transferred within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield].

There was total silence.

……

In front of each stone mirror.

“The second round has started…”

“Sigh, I estimate that there is no hope anymore…”

“This difference is too large!”

“I only hope it is not complete domination…”

“It would be great if they could obtain a kill, even if only just once!”

The White Deer Academy students’ morale had fallen so low that they were nearly about to directly kneel and pray. They had always thought they were the favoured children of Heaven. Within Deer City, as long as they mentioned they were White Deer Academy students, they would possess a superiority, and would be known as nobles who did not have a title of nobility.

If they completely lost in this grand competition, from now on there would be not one person who could walk around Deer City with their head held high.

The information and figures of the second round appeared on the stone mirror.

This time the White Deer Academy was the red party, and the five students represented the Demon race. And therefore, the Azure Phoenix students were the blue party, commanding the Human race.

Within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], both parties had a choice of several powers. There were various race patterns they could choose, such as the Ghost race, Beast race, Demon race, Human race and even the Devil race or Divine race.

But within today’s Heaven Wasteland Domain, the influence of both the Human race and the Demon race was the largest. Their relationship was also extremely tense. So therefore, within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], they would often choose a mode that fought between the Human race and the Demon race. This would allow martial artists from a young age, to familiarize themselves with the human military and the army of the Demon race, knowing the method of battle, habits, powers and special attributes, completely grasping it. When they fought in a later battle, they would not be at a disadvantage from inexperience.

“The battle has begun!”

“I’m too nervous, I don’t dare look!”

“Someone’s name has flashed… it’s a name from Azure Phoenix, the one flashing is really a person from Azure Phoenix Academy… Eh? It’s extinguished,” someone suddenly shouted in shock.

“He Ying of Azure Phoenix Academy’s name has been extinguished, it’s really extinguished!”

“What’s happening? Could my eyes be mistaken?”

“It’s true, someone has really died in battle from the Azure Phoenix Academy! Everyone quickly look, can you confirm, could it be that my eyes are not functioning?”

“Who killing He Ying? Their speed is too quick!”

The White Deer Academy students were originally so nervous, they were in a death-like state. They were gathered in front of the stone mirror and was in an apprehensive mood. The sudden explosive news, in an instant, caused the crowd to erupt in applause and cheers. The group of people was like a handful of salt scattered on a hot pot of oil, completely bubbling and fizzing!

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 70:


Chapter 70 – Five Consecutive Kills

In the direction of the White Deer Academy practice grounds, screams and cheers could be heard.

The sounds of the cheers rang throughout the academy, even transmitting along to the guest area of the academy, the living quarters of the Azure Phoenix Academy. These sound waves were like a provocation, becoming louder and louder, louder and louder, about to envelop the entire city.

“Hmph, a bunch of people that have not seen the world. They have only obtained a kill, what is there to be happy about…”

“In the previous round, we killed them like dogs, and they still cheer even now!”

“Ai, you have to understand the pitiful folks in a decaying academy, and their pathetic and fragile self-esteem…”

“Hmph, I really can’t get used to those people. Even those so called nobles, every single one of them is filled with a poor and lowly aura, as if they are rocks in a mud pit…”

Within the guest area, the students of Azure Phoenix Academy discussed these events with an arrogant disdain. They had a noble and lofty attitude that came from originating from the center of one of the wealthiest districts. From their perspective, not even a trace of cheer should be heard.

“Senior Brother He Ying has died in battle?”

“I can’t endure this anymore, I need to go out and have look!”

“That’s right, when they completely lose, we can personally make these scrubby people shut up!”

A suggestion was made, then tens of students replied enthusiastically. They left the area, heading towards the center of the first year practice grounds.

This time the visiting group from Azure Phoenix had over a hundred people, elites from every year. But only twenty people received the right to participate in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], and the others were all restless from waiting.

……

“It’s Senior Brother Blue Sky who killed He Ying!”

“Sure enough, the first person to receive a kill, is Senior Brother Blue Sky!”

On the stone mirror, after the name of White Deer Academy’s Blue Sky, there was a kill mark. This represented the fact that he had manage to kill an opponent within the battlefield.

“Senior Brother Blue Sky? This name is slightly familiar, so who is he?”

“Why have I never seen or heard of this person called Blue Sky in my three years here at the academy? He seems to appear rarely.”

“Hush, lower your voice! Blue Sky is that perverted fiend!!”

“What? So he was the lecher that made things in total chaos a while back? His strength was so high?”

“That’s right, it’s him. It’s said that he is a complete thorn in the teacher’s side. Out of ten days, there are nine days where he is confined…”

“That severe?”

“According to the rumours, this Blue Sky is not originally part of Deer City. Only during his second year did he abruptly come to White Deer Academy?”

“Who knows.”

The grounds were filled with chatter.

Students who knew a little about the background of Blue Sky, through a few words, exposed some juicy titbits. The majority of the surrounding people were clueless about him, and became interested. When did White Deer Academy have such a freak?

In the time of their speech, the contents of the stone mirror changed again.

“It flashed, it flashed, another name has been extinguished… Xu Yizhu of Azure Phoenix’s name has dimmed.” People began laughing with mirth and triumph.

On the stone mirror, another person of Azure Phoenix had died in battle.

At the same time, the number of kills Blue Sky had was now two.

“It’s Blue Sky again… This… is too fearsome, it’s really too amazing! I can feel hope for this round again!”

“From now on, this Blue Sky is my idol, I will bow down to him whenever I see him!”

The crowd began heating up.

Compared to the complete domination of the fourth years, no one thought that the third year would create such an unbelievable situation. In less than fifteen minutes, Blue Sky had already killed two people consecutively, instantly making people able to see some hope.

But very quickly, as if this was the response to this valiant feat, the names of the White Deer Academy’s students began to dim.

Lu Lin died in battle!

Qin Yun died in battle!

Zhu Gui died in battle!

Three White Deer students were killed consecutively within the battlefield. What awaited them was resurrection fifteen minutes later, and a second opportunity to battle.

Some peoples’ heart were abruptly depressed again.

“Quickly look. There’s another new change… Chang Jun of Azure Phoenix has perished, he’s died. Haha, he’s really died… behind Senior Brother Blue Sky, he has three kills.”

“Is he able to turn this desperate crisis around? Senior Brother Blue Sky, you must by all means withstand this!”

“Heavens, quickly look, he’s killed another one! Mo Daoyan of Azure Phoenix has been killed!!”

“The kill score of Senior Brother Blue Sky is now four!”

“The crux of this battle will depend of Senior Brother Blue Sky!”

“Ah… our side, has lost another four people… Sigh, it’s hard for Senior Brother Blue Sky alone to reverse a desperate situation. The people of Azure Phoenix, in terms of kill score and number of members left, has already gained a huge advantage!”

“Not good, the name of Senior Brother Blue Sky is flickering… He is suffering a concerted attack!”

“Thankfully he has not died yet…”

“He’s died, Dai Zhide has died! Haha, the strongest of Azure Phoenix has died. He has previously obtained seven kills and now he is dead… it must be the actions of Senior Brother Blue Sky… the kill score of Senior Brother Blue Sky has become five!”

“Haha, delightful! Kill the five representatives of Azure Phoenix Academy, slaughter them all!”

The blood of the crowd began boiling.

At this time, no matter who it was, to be able to win back some face for White Deer Academy, they would become a hero. Even though previously before this battle, Blue Sky had a somewhat bad reputation. But at this instant, he became an existence that numerous people placed their hopes on.

But the next moment, many people were dumbfounded.

“Blue Sky has left the battlefield!”

On the stone mirror, these six words appeared.

At this time, many people became stunned.

What happened?

Why had he suddenly left the battlefield?

Was he not about to turn a desperate situation around? ……

“You… why did you do this?”

Within the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion], a golden light flashed, and a youth was transferred out. His face scarlet with rage, he rushed to question Blue Sky, “Why did you leave? If you did not retreat, we definitely could have withstood another hour… you did this on purpose!”

Golden lights continued to flash.

The three other people of the third year, were also expelled out.

They had already died in battle consecutively three times, and exhausted all their resurrection opportunities. They were forcefully rejected from the battlefield…

“Blue Sky, you need to make an explanation for yourself!!”

“We trusted in you so much, but you didn’t even give us a notification, and retreated alone… you… are you worthy of us?”

“That’s right, we are a team, you would really abandon us…”

These people furiously interrogated Blue Sky.

Blue Sky leaned against a floating stone statue, having a lazy smile on the corner of his lips. He yawned, a perfect picture of ‘your father I is too lazy to explain’.

“Blue Sky, you should say something…” an old teacher also opened his mouth.

Blue Sky gave this old teacher a glare, and coldly snorted.

He turned his head, his gaze suddenly falling upon Ye Qingyu. He laughed mischievously. “Little fellow, let me tell you a little joke. Four stupid pigs with ulterior motives, once they entered into the battlefield rushed near the wild area to kill Spirit beasts and Demonic beasts, doing their utmost to harvest Spirit herbs and rare medicines. When they saw the people of Azure Phoenix, they ran like dogs with tails behinds their legs, and they have no shame, to dare mention the word ‘Team’. Do you think this is laughable or not?”

Ye Qingyu did not speak.

In reality, on the formation projection above the sculpture, everyone had clearly witnessed what had occurred. These four third year students had been really shameless, without the slightest hint of a will to do battle. Conversely, they did their utmost to reap the benefits from the battlefield, purely trying to survive, without the slightest hint of honour.

“How about it? Is this joke not funny?” Seeing that Ye Qingyu had no reaction, Blue Sky again jokingly said, “Then let me tell another. There’s another person that is even more retarded and shameless than these four people, and yet he is still a teacher. He evidently witnessed everything that had happened, and yet asked someone like me, a great contributor with five consecutive kills to explain myself. Do you think this person is a shameless old bastard or not?”

The colours of everyone’s face changed.

If the previous words were just insulting and offensive to his four team mates, then this was acceptable. But this time he indirectly insulted the teacher that had previously spoken, this was complete disobedience and impertinence, reckless and extreme daring.

Shoot!

Veins appeared on Ye Qingyu’s forehead.

“Hey, who are you? I don’t recognize you, why are you telling jokes to me, we are not familiar at all…” Ye Qingyu with a righteous look, stepped back from Blue Sky, a total picture of someone who did not recognize this mental nut case.

Blue Sky was flabbergasted.

He had never thought that this Ye Qingyu’s words would be so blatant and direct, using such a method to distance himself from him… such words were like indirectly asking for a beating. This Demon King Ye was even more brazen than he had imagined, and far more interesting.

Blue Sky abruptly broke into loud mirth and chuckles.

“Old Dean, this guy is too arrogant!”

“He is simply ignoring the elders!”

“He definitely has to be strictly punished!”

More teachers and elders stood out, condemning Blue Sky.

Ye Qingyu was somewhat rejoicing in Blue Sky’s disaster, silently cursing Blue Sky in his heart for trying to drag him into trouble with the elders along with himself. It seems like the relationships of Blue Sky with other people were not that great. Why was it that every teacher had righteous indignation on their faces, as if this Blue Sky had stolen their daughters…

“En, everyone’s words are reasonable. No need to worry, I will handle this.” The old Dean gave a glare at Blue Sky, angrily saying, “Nonsense, it seems like you don’t have a long memory! What are you waiting for, obediently return to the [Grievance Hall]!”

“Dean, this…”

“It’s the [Grievance Hall] again?”

“This can’t be?”

Everyone was speechless.

Every time, no matter what wrong Blue Sky had committed, the Dean would always give Blue Sky a glare and then order him to go to the [Grievance Hall]. Counting up, in this year alone, eighty percent of Blue Sky’s time was spent within the [Grievance Hall]. Although from the perspective of the rules and regulations of White Deer Academy, this was normal, but the problem was, very evidently, the [Grievance Hall] did not pose as any sort of punishment or threat for Blue Sky.

Time and time again, when such a punishment was given out, everyone felt that confining Blue Sky to the [Grievance Hall] was instead a reward to him.

“Fine I’ll go! You old fool when you need me, you’ll release me from the [Grievance Hall], but when you don’t need me anymore, you’ll just confine me again! You are really the worst!” Blue Sky was extremely speechless, but he honestly departed and left for the [Grievance Hall].

It seems like he would still obey the words of the Dean.

After the end of this little episode, the atmosphere of the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion] once again returned to seriousness. Especially the second year students about to participate in the third round, every one of them had already fallen into a state of nervousness they had never experience before…

“Just pretend it’s a practical battle training!”

The old Dean let out a sigh, not saying anything special. At this time, words of encouragement, were useless.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 71:


Chapter 71 – Entering into the Battlefield

Four hours later.

“Naturally, we’ve lost again…”

“The second year has lost so pathetically. They were not even able to obtain one kill… they’re the same as the fourth years, they were completely dominated!”

“From the beginning until now, our White Deer Academy, apart from the five consecutive kills of Blue Sky, has not even managed to kill one person!”

“It’s a pity, that Blue Sky is such a scoundrel. After being in the limelight once he then immediately left and ran away!”

“This is terrible, will we lose so badly that we will never be able to lift our heads high again?”

The students of White Deer Academy’s morale was at its lowest point, simmering with hate and resignment.

“This is the difference between our strength, learn to accept it!” An Azure Phoenix student with his head held high sneered.

“You…” The White Deer students were enraged.

These several Azure Phoenix students, from the beginning of the third round, had stood there. Various types of contemptuous insults and invectives were thrown, showing off their superiority. They angered the White Deer students so much that they felt pain from grinding their teeth, but they had no method to retaliate.

“What about it? With a trash strength and a bad temper. If I was a White Deer Academy student, I would have long committed suicide by ramming myself into a piece of tofu.” A pale female Azure Phoenix student let out a delicate giggle. “I really can’t understand, such a useless academy can enter into the ten great academies. It really makes us, a part of the ten great academies, feel humiliation!”

“You… don’t be too conceited.” A person as muscular as a black bear and looking seemingly simple, stood out. He was so furious that his teeth were about to be ground into dust.

“What about it? Big black bear, you don’t accept this?” The almond eyes of this Azure Phoenix female student sent daggers through her gaze. “Do you believe, in this round, that you still won’t be able to obtain a single kill!”

“This time the person coming out includes Demon King Ye. He can definitely teach your group a lesson, wait and see!” the White Deer student as muscular as a bear said in a low, muffled tone.

“Hahaha!”

“He doesn’t know how high the heavens is or how deep the earth is!!”

“In this generation of first years, they are known as the most talented people of Azure Phoenix in this decade. Especially Junior Brother Xu Ge, he is the future star of the Azure Phoenix, they are enough to completely dominate you bunch of bumpkins!”

The Azure Phoenix students laughed impudently in an exaggerated manner.

A sharp-chinned Azure Phoenix student said a few words next to the ear of the female student with almond eyes.

The almond eyes of this female student brightened, nodding her head with a smile. “Do you dare to have a bet? Big black bear!”

“What bet?” the muscular bear-like student said with anger. “Speak, could I, Xiong Yan, be afraid?”

“Xiong Yan is it? The bet is very simple. If your so called Ye Qingyu is not able to obtain a kill,” The large eyed female student gave the sharp-chinned companion next to her a glance, then he promptly spat a goblet of phlegm on the ground. The gaze of the female student with large eyes held an undisguised challenge and provocation. “Then you will kneel down, and eat this ball of spit.”

“What?”

“This is too much…”

“How could the students of Azure Phoenix be so unrefined?”

The surrounding White Deer students were in a panic. Such a condition was a complete insult and mockery. These Azure Phoenix students had gone too far, they did not have a shred of culture or elegance.

“What about if Senior Brother Ye is able to obtain a kill? Will you eat this spit?” The big bear-like man, Xiong Yan, asked instead.

“There’s no what about.” The female student with almond eyes coldly laughed.

“This is a bet, then naturally preparations have to be made for your loss. I won’t make you eat that phlegm, such a humiliating act, the people of White Deer Academy are not unrefined enough to force you to do so. My condition is simple; if Senior Brother Ye is able to obtain a kill, then you will kneel down and say three times, ‘Azure Phoenix is garbage’.” Xiong Yan’s gaze similarly had a provocation and contempt. “What about it? If you don’t dare, then just admit it.”

The female student of Azure Phoenix was incited by the contemptuous words and gaze of this burly man. “Who says I don’t dare? I accept, this wager will be decided as such.”

The surrounding Azure Phoenix students began laughing, not worried in the slightest.

It was not possible for Azure Phoenix Academy to lose.

…… ……

“Prepare yourself, the last round is about to begin.”

The voice of the Dean could be heard.

Above the sculpture of Formation Emperor Luoso, five beams of golden light shone out. It enveloped Qin Wushuang, Xia Houwu, Song Qingluo, Song Xiaojun and Ye Qingyu, these five people within.

Ye Qingyu could only feel the vision in front of him blurring, a warm feeling surrounding him, as if he was submerged in hot water. It was also as if something from his body was taken from him…

The next instant, there was a rapid sense of descent.

Boom!

His legs suddenly touched the ground

The golden light disappeared.

Everything in his vision had changed.

Ye Qingyu appeared on a desolate and ancient nine-meter blue stone altar. On the coarse lines of the rock, a mysterious rune pattern extended, one step by one step, downwards!

Standing on top of the altar, Ye Qingyu looked around him.

On the center of the altar was a normal sized sculpture of the Formation Emperor Luoso. The workmanship was extremely rough, as if it had experienced tens of thousands of years of wind and rain. The statue was covered with mottled surface potholes and possessed vague facial features, but what was strange was that it was still extremely vivid overall.

Boom!Boom!Boom!Boom!

Abruptly, another four large bangs sounded. Four golden beams of light descended from the sky, and four silhouettes also appeared on top of the ancient altar.

It was Qin Wushuang, Xia Houwu, Song Qingluo and Song Xiaojun these four people

For some reason, the time they had descended, was later than Ye Qingyu.

“Brother Qingyu…” At the first instance, Song Xiaojun rushed beside him, her little face rubbing against Ye Qingyu’s arm.

Ye Qingyu patted her head.

“This is the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]?” Song Qingluo took a deep breath. “The yuan qi of Heaven and Earth is much more concentrated than the outside world, this really is a place suitable for training!”

“Welcome to the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. Warriors of the human race, glory is waiting for you!”

A majestic and vast voice resounded throughout the sky.

It was as if these were the words of a deity.

This was the voice of Formation Emperor Luoso.

As the creator of the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], the voice of the Formation Emperor was, using a special sound formation, preserved. Anyone who entered into the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] would hear a similar phrase, giving the martial artists of the human race courage and confidence.

“I’m going to the North West road!” Qin Wushuang only said these words, then turned and left.

“I’m going North East!” Xia Houwu also at the first instant made his choice. Jumping down from the altar, he turned and look at the three people left behind, giving them a glare. His tone had a shred of threat and icy coldness. “Don’t follow me.”

Within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] there were the North road, North West road and North East road you could choose from, as well as the three armies within each path.

The position that Ye Qingyu was standing on right now, the altar was the headquarters.

Going down from the altar, there was a palace of the human race around a thousand meters away. There were ten protector statues surrounding this palace and within these statues were defensive runes and formations. When encountering the attacks of enemies, every ten seconds it would emit a destructive light beam. This was one of the powers of the sentries of this palace.

Further from here was a massive blue city wall. It entirely surrounded the headquarters.

The blue city wall had three large gates, which are namely the North West, North, and North East gates. Each of them led to three different canyons.

These three canyons were three paths.

As you followed along the canyons, you could find the flattest path that was walked by the ancient people, heading straight to the headquarters of the enemy. It was also the only paths that the armies could pass through.

Apart from these canyons, the other areas of the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] were dense and desolate forests. Filled with wild beasts, spirit beasts, miasma, traps, floods, mountains and rapids, there were unimaginable dangers and obstacles within. It made it so that it was impossible for the rune armies to simply pass through.

After the battle had finally begun, from the headquarters of both parties, there would be endless rune soldiers that would be born. Heading to the three respective gates and following the canyon paths, it would face off against the armies of the enemies.

The rune soldiers in different classes of [Boundary Canyon Battlefields] would have different battle strengths.

This time, the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] opened by the two academies was targeted at the young students, and hence was the most fundamental and basic of battlefields. The rune soldiers that were born, the individual strength of each soldier was very weak and comparable to someone at the first stage of the ordinary martial level.

And for people like Ye Qingyu who had descended onto this battlefield, their role was commanding these soldiers and arraying various traps.

The strength of an expert would be displayed utterly within such a battle. The number of rune soldiers produced by each headquarters were the exact same, with the same batter strength, so the final victor of this battle would be determined by the people who had appeared on both sides.

Only by appearing within this place could you truly experience the perfection of the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield].

This place was as if it were an entirely separate and real world.

Everything was realistic. If you stood on top of the blue city walls of the headquarters, you could vaguely hear from the vast expanse of the pristine wilderness the terrifying roars of the wild beasts. You were able to hear the whistle of hurricanes blowing through the forest, you were able to see peaks of mountains towering within the miasma like ancient beasts…

Within the headquarters, there were many architectures and protector statues.

If these buildings were destroyed, then this would signify their loss.

The aim of the White Deer students and the Azure Phoenix students was to destroy the opposing army’s buildings and obtain the final victory.

“I’ve heard that the flow of time in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] is different from the outside world. Here, it flows much slower, two hours outside is equal to three days of time here,” Song Qinglou said, as if muttering to herself.

“It’s this, the average time that each round occurred within was four hours. In other words, we need to spend at least six days of time within this world!” Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

From the moment they descended, half an hour had already passed.

After Qin Wushuang and Xia Houwu left, Ye Qingyu and the others carefully observed and noted everything within the headquarters, and only halted when they understood everything clearly. Outside this realm, they had already received the specialist explanations of those old teachers. But words from someone else’s mouth was entirely different from your own personal experience.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 72:


Chapter 72 – Choosing to Enter the Wilderness

“The time is about right. The leftover Northern road, we three…” Song Qingluo said hesitantly.

The aim of both Qin Wushuang and Xia Houwu was extremely clear.

They were from the two most influential families within the city, and naturally did not care about the Spirit herbs and rare medicines within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. If they wanted a Spirit beast, they could also think of other methods to obtain one in the outside world. There was not a need to go to the wild areas outside the canyons and place themselves in danger.

Within this battlefield, every time you were able to kill a rune soldier, you were rewarded by the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. You could obtain a strand of yuan qi forever, and this type of increase in strength would persist even when you left the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield].

So therefore, from the perspective of these people, before being killed by the students of Azure Phoenix Academy, they would do their best and kill the most demon rune soldiers. This way, they would be able to obtain the most rewards and maximize their gains.

As for the overall victory?

From the very start, they had not cared about such a thing.

One person completely controlling a canyon road was unquestionably the best choice if you wanted to kill the most rune demon soldiers.

The words of Song Qingluo had a hint of unwillingness to split the rewards of the Northern path between three people.

“You and Xiaojun head to the North path, at the very least you can take care of each other,” Ye Qingyu said unhesitatingly.

“I want to go with Brother Qingyu.” The lips of the little loli pouted out till oil bottles were able to hang from it.

“Listen to me, I’ll go and find you shortly.” Ye Qingyu lifted his hand, in the process of giving the little loli a flick on the head.

“Brother Qingyu is annoying.” The little loli quickly evaded, jumping to one side.

Finally, the cousins left together.

In the entire headquarters, there was only Ye Qingyu left.

Suddenly—

“There is two hours left till the enemies will reach the battlefield, completely crush them!”

The vast voice of the Formation Emperor Luoso sounded out through the entire battlefield yet again. The voice was like the beating of a war drum, causing one’s blood to boil, and causing someone’s will to do battle exponentially rise.

Ye Qingyu stood in front of the gate of the North path, a smile appearing on his face.

“What does the rewards from killing rune soldiers matter. The largest pile of wealth in this battlefield, is really within the wilderness… allow me, to rule over this entire battle.”

His figure was like lightning, rushing out from the headquarters.

…… ……

“It’s started, it’s started, the fourth round has finally begun!”

“I hope there can be a pleasant surprise!”

“As long as we don’t get completely destroyed by Azure Phoenix!”

“Give us a little bit of hope!”

In the center of the practice rounds, the students clustered in front of the stone mirror, said in a pleading tone, almost as if they were praying.

…… ……

“What’s happening? Ye Qingyu has chosen to enter the wilderness?””

[Ascending Heaven Pavilion].

The second and third year representatives who had already been eliminated, through the formation projection, were able to see everything that happened within the battlefield. Instantly, shock was evident on the faces of every person.

In the previous three rounds, there was no one who had chosen the wilderness to become their field of activity

Although in the formation projection, they were only able to see the actions of their own party and not the doings of the Azure Phoenix people, but nearly every student felt Ye Qingyu had gone mad.

“He’s definitely afraid, he’s definitely afraid. He thinks that by entering the desolate wilderness, the people of Azure Phoenix won’t be able to find him, and he can live for a longer time,” someone said in a thoughtful tone.

“If it is really this, then he is despicable…” another person said.

“To allow such a person to enter the battlefield is really a type of humiliation.” Han Xiaofei coldly sneered.

“That’s right. Compared to dying in battle, such a cowardly act is even worse,” Jiang Xiaohan chimed in.

Wang Yan gave the two a glare, and said in a calm voice, “It’s I who permitted Ye Qingyu to enter the battlefield.

The two hesitated, an embarrassed expression appearing on their face, instantly shutting their mouths.

…… ……

The canopy of the forest was more than ten meters high, forming an green layer that encompassed everything. It blocked the sunlight entirely and made the world underneath dark and cold.

Ye Qingyu walked carefully, step by step into the forest.

On the surrounding boulders, both large and small, they were entirely covered with emerald greed lichen. Various gorgeous poison flowers were sprinkled upon the decaying vegetation, beautiful but fatal, making the entire environment even more unearthly.

If you observed with care, you would discover within the air that there were strands of pale green smoke. This was the miasma. Mortal and deadly, even if an expert of the Spirit spring stage accidentally breathed this in, their life would be placed at risk.

Within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], the three gorges were the safest. In this desolate wilderness, there was a multitude of unimaginable dangers, making many people think that this was a forbidden area. Unless they were forced to a desperate situation, no one would choose to enter the wild area.

At least within the explanation of those teachers of White Deer Academy specializing in the this battlefield, the wilderness was an area that was highly recommended not to enter.

But in the booklet Ye Qingyu was able to obtain, the wilderness was said to be the most valuable location within the whole battlefield.

This was one of the reasons Ye Qingyu had chosen the wilderness.

He had calculated carefully, Qin Wushuang and the others could at least endure approximately two days on the three different paths. In other words, within these two days, there was not a need for Ye Qingyu to reinforce them, being able to do what he wished within this timeframe.

Ye Qingyu must carefully utilize this time to raise his strength.

Then, he would worry about the upcoming battle.

Carefully observing the surrounding terrain, occasionally climbing up to the ten-meter-high canopy, to look at the landscape and environment around him, Ye Qingyu rapidly advanced deep into the wilderness.

Martial artists who entered into the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] would have their ability to fly suppressed. Through this, the entire battlefield would become incomparably immense. In a short amount of time, very little people would be able to traverse the entire battlefield.

After approximately two hours of time, Ye Qingyu finally arrived at the place he was searching for.

On the way, he had already experienced the ambush of several demonic beasts and underwent numerous battles.

Thankfully in such a class of [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], the demonic beasts within could not be counted as powerful. Ye Qingyu managed to handle it without expending too much energy.

This was a depressed valley, surrounded by hills and mountains. There was a clear waterfall flowing from deep within the valley, and occasionally howls of demonic wolves sounded from within the valley.

[Demonic Wolf Valley].

“Very many people think that only by killing rune soldiers are you able to obtain yuan qi that persists. They don’t know that by killing demonic beasts within the wilderness, one is also able to obtain a harvest in their yuan qi growth. And from just a single entity, the yuan qi reward contained within a demonic beast is by far greater than any rune soldiers!

Ye Qingyu grabbed the spear from his holster, combining the two parts of the [Inexorable spear]. Two hands holding onto the spear, he step by step entered into the [Demonic Wolf Valley].

As one of the ten areas where demonic beasts gathered within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], there were over a hundred demonic wolves contained within the [Demonic Wolf Valley]. Of these wolves, there were many that were two-headed or even three-headed mutations, with a battle power that could be comparable to someone of the Spirit spring stage. The power of a single wolf could not be counted as frightening; but when hundreds of demonic wolves gathered together, it was enough to make many experts pale with fear.

But what Ye Qingyu needed to do right now was to challenge this pack of demonic wolves.

Only after slaughtering this pack of wolves, would he be able to obtain a great amount of yuan qi.

This would allow Ye Qingyu to perfectly form his second Spirit spring completely, stabilizing himself at this stage.

Only through reaching this stage could Ye Qingyu have confidence in directly facing the so called geniuses of Azure Phoenix Academy.

Killing intent emitted from all around.

The wind rustled the grass.

In the very second that he stepped into the valley, his presence was discovered by the low class demonic wolves near the outer edges.

A savage threatening howl sounded from deep within the foliage. Two wolves the size of calves appeared. Scarlet red, brutal and bloodthirsty eyes rose with wind and gradually came nearer. When they opened their mouths to howl, a nauseating smell of blood came wafting over.

These two huge wolves were pure black, fur as sharp as steel needles. When their paws landed on boulders, deep indents would be left behind.

They lifted their heads and howled to the sky.

The sounds reverberated throughout the valley.

Then the whole valley, as if in response to this, howls upon howls replied from far away, coming ever nearer, as if an army was gathering.

“Must finish this battle quickly.”

Ye Qingyu moved, his figure like a bolt of lightning rushing out.

“Ao!Ao!Ao—!”

The two huge black wolves flew through the air at the same time, their sharp claws extending outwards. They sliced apart the air, and blades formed by wind, indiscernible by the human eye, came whistling at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu did not avoid at all.

The [Inexorable spear] vibrated with sounds of DingDingDing, the spear swings blossoming in the air. The impact of the metal resounded throughout, and the pale silver blades of wind all shattered.

The next second, the cold light of the spear covered the sky.

An icy light stabbed through the gaping bloody mouth of the first wolf, stabbing through his throat and piercing out. The point of the spear continued on, along with the still struggling corpse of the first wolf, piercing the abdomen of the second huge black wolf…

“Ao… Wu…”

Accompanied by the sounds of whimpering, the two wolves with a strength comparable to the peak of the fifth stage of the ordinary martial level, lost their lives in an instant.

Before Ye Qingyu had a chance to recover his breath, a strong wind ambushed him from behind.

It was another huge black wolf rapidly rushing to kill.

And at this time, from all around, pairs upon pairs of scarlet red bloodthirsty eyes surrounded him, with no end in sight. The special bloody scent of the demonic wolves completely enveloped the surroundings, the brutal killing intent was like tornadoes swirling within the wild grass.

Killing descended.

Demonic wolves were a pack that did not fear death. Once they were incited, they could only be calmed by death.

Ye Qingyu knew in his heart that the most terrifying battle was about to begin.

Before he could swing his spear, in the time of a spark, he stepped slightly sideways. The razor sharp claw of the demonic wolf rubbed past his shoulder, passing by with the width of a hair. Holding his spear in his right hand, he punched out with his left explosively.

Peng!

The black demonic wolf was directly blown apart by the frightening force contained within that punch.

And immediately after Ye Qingyu retreated a step, his fist turning into a palm strike, slapping on the two corpses of the wolves skewered onto his spear.

The corpses of the wolves whistled out, directly hitting two wolves in midair. Their bones immediately broke, falling to the ground and struggling to get up.

Murderous intent overflowed from all around.

Seven black wolves even larger than usual, as if they were bolts of lightning, came swishing towards him. Their sharps claws spread open, a flurry of sharp weapons wanting to tear Ye Qingyu into shreds.

“Scram!”

Ye Qingyu held the [Inexorable spear] using both hands and explosion after explosion of noise resounded, booming to all parts.

The black wolves were all blown outwards like flying objects by the long spear.

Ye Qingyu’s black hair danced wildly, his demonic like nature invoked. The three-meter-long massive spear within his hands, transformed into black lightning. Sometimes sweeping, sometimes snapping, as if a black dragon. Everywhere it passed, the bodies of wolves would crack and collapse.

—

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

