Chapter 201:


Chapter 202 - Who else do you have in your family?

This young man with a noble air, was he really a member of the nobility of the Empire?

The expressions of the surrounding people, instantly turned fearful.

The laws of the Empire were strict. Nobility and commonera, commoners and peasants, peasants and slaves, there were chasms and divisions that could not be overlooked. For a commoner to conflict with a noble was death penalty. If they suddenly fought, and the noble killed the commoner, at the most they would be punished by forcing to give out monetary compensation for their death. They would not be forced to die, especially the noble that came from the powerful great families of the empire, they had an exceptional and unique power and status.

"What about it? Does junior brother Lin have the right to teach you brutes that don't know death a lesson?" The hooked nosed man laughed in glee, then pointed at the soldiers who were speaking just now. "Do you still want to argue? You still want to be the bird that sticks its neck out. Then come along with your minor officer, let’s just see how hard your mouth can be."

The complexions of this soldiers instantly changed.

These Violet Seven Stars sect disciples were so overbearing. Everyone knew that if they were really dragged off, it would be catastrophic.

The scholarly military officer took a step forward. "It's not a great matter, I can go alone."

His expression, remained as calm as it ever was. It was as if nothing was able to invoke and incite his anger at all.

Junior brother Lin laughed coldly, "Just who are you, that you are allowed to speak. Two of you, bring him away."

The Violet Seven Stars sect disciples next to him began laughing immediately, pressing closer step by step, about to act.

"This is taking things too far." The other soldiers were also furious, unsheathing the weapons at their waist and surrounding the young military officer and that soldier, protecting them in the middle.

These soldiers strength were not high, but after all they were warriors of the Vanguard. They had experienced life and death on the battlefield, seeing countless scenes of blood and gore. They were warriors who had danced on the tip of the blade before. Although they were fearful of the opposing party's identity, but they absolutely would not make a choice to abandon their comrades.

The Violet Seven Stars sect disciples did not imagine the matter would develop like this. There was a slight hesitation.

If they really caused the matters to grow larger, then it was very likely that the [Youyan army] would investigate things further.

Junior brother Lin coldly snorted, not caring about this in the slightest. "No need to afraid. If they really dare obstruct us, then kill them. I'll bear the consequences. These military brutes that are like ants, wanting to act brave? Even their military warfare officer will have to lower his head to me if they see me."

After this, the situation completely reversed for the Violet Seven Stars sect disciples.

Especially for the hook nosed man, he walked to the very front with a sinister smile. "Let me have a look at who dares block me…"

Before he’d finished.

Pak

A clear slap sounded.

There was an exceedingly clear imprint of a palm on the face of the hook nosed man.

The surrounding people were dumbfounded. Then he was sent directly flying five or six meters through the air. White and red came out of his mouth as he flew, it seemed like a row of his teeth had been knocked clean, then fresh blood came spurting out.

What had happened?

No one reacted.

No one had seen clearly who it was that had acted.

The next instant—

Pak!Pak!Pak!Pak!

On the faces of the four or five Violet Seven Stars sect disciples, there were also clear palm prints.

This bunch of people acted as if they had seen a ghost. Spurting out blood, they were sent directly away through the air towards the distance. Like gourds rolling on the floor, every one of them moaned and grunted, not able to crawl back up for a while.

There was still no one who was able to discern who had acted.

The scholarly military officer as well as the soldiers all stared at each other.

They had evidently not been able to make clear, just what had happened. But to speak the truth, to see those arrogant and conceited Violet Seven Stars sect disciples twitching on the floor like dead dogs, was really like eating iced watermelon chilled for three days. They felt especially great.

Junior brother Lin stared dumbly at his surroundings, roaring in fear and rage. "Who? Who dares launch a sneak attack, come out…”

At this time, a cold voice came.

"You idle and useless thing, even if the Right Minister himself came, even he won't dare to use the status of the sects to pressure the soldiers of Youyan. You are only a tiny little grandnephew, not thinking of repaying the Empire, but dare to come here to pretend to be as fierce as a tiger when you are just a fox… Scram, don’t come here to embarrass yourself!"

Before he’d finished.

Pak

A clear palm print appeared.

Junior brother Lin was struck flying like a dead dog, halfway through the air, all his teeth had fallen out. His face was swollen like a completely ripe peach that had fallen to the ground.

Out of all the Violet Seven Stars sect disciples, he and the hook nosed man were the worse off.

"This time I'll leave you alive and give you a lesson. In Youyan Pass, you have to act wisely and accordingly. If I encounter you doing such scum-like acts next time, then be careful of your lives."

The mysterious and icy voice sounded for the last time.

There was a chilling killing intent held within the words.

Junior brother Lin and the others were like they had seen a ghost, every one of them scared witless.

They were not even able to see clearly who the enemy was before being beaten to the semblance of a pig's head. The difference in strength between them was like the distance between Heaven and Earth. And evidently, the opposing party utterly did not give any face to the Right Minister. In his words, it exposed that he was a person of exceedingly high status, and was absolutely not someone they could act against.

The crowd that came with malicious intentions ultimately ran in fear like a pack of wild dogs.

There was a trace of question on the face of the scholarly military officer.

He faintly felt that the voice was slightly familiar, but in such a rapid situation, he could not recall just where he had heard this voice before.

The surrounding soldiers and civilians could not help but begin cheering.

This really was a completely reverse of the situation. Especially when they saw those arrogant and conceited Violet Seven Stars sect disciples flee for their lives like dogs, their moods were unprecedentedly excited .This feeling was really too good.

"Haha, to think that those fellows would be so arrogant." "Just who was it that acted in the background in secret?" "It must be an expert of our Youyan Pass… perhaps it is an expert at the level of commander." "Hahaha, this has really vented our anger.” …… ……

Far off.

In the darkness.

The Ye Qingyu that was situated on a short collapsed wall, a smile appeared on his face.

He had not really left at the start.

When the hooked nosed man had left the words ‘You wait’, Ye Qingyu knew that the matter would not end so easily. The other party would definitely come here for payback. But after waiting till the sky turned dark and the enemy still had not arrived, Ye Qingyu thought it over then said his departures and waited silently far off protecting.

The result was that the disciples of the Violet Seven Stars sect really came for vengeance.

But he had not expected that the nobility of the Empire would enter into the sects and become the disciples of the sects.

These disciples of the Violet Seven Stars sect’s strength were even worse than Wei Tianming and the others from the Crepe Myrtle sect. For Ye Qingyu, disposing of them was only a little appetizer.

But when that noble surnamed Lin had appeared, it made Ye Qingyu realize something else.

Ye Qingyu had always thought before that the Empire was the Empire, Nobility was the Nobility and the sects were the sects. There should not have been too many relationships between them, but with the appearances of junior brother Lin, it made Ye Qingyu realize that his previous way of thinking was absolutely wrong.

So the great noble families of the Empire would also send their family members into the sects to learn.

Thinking of it right now, it seemed obvious and natural.

The laws of the empire had never restricted the noble families from joining into the sects. No matter for the sects or the noble families, the two joining together was absolutely a beneficial matter. The benefits and relationships were deeply intertwined. The sects had strong top level experts, while the noble families had status and power within the Empire. Exchanging these powers meant that both parties could benefit and gain even more.

Ye Qingyu realized, that the matters of the upper echelons of the Empire were far more complicated than he had imagined.

This time, the Empire had summoned the people of the sects to aid the [Youyan army] to launch their spring offense. The reason behind this may be countless times more complicated than what he, Wen Wan, and Liu Zongyuan had first thought.

Only until seeing that the far off scholarly military officer was fine could Ye Qingyu rest assured. This time he left for real.

The reason that he had not appeared, was that Ye Qingyu understood that he had an attribute to harvest animosity. According to the personality of the head of the supply department Zhang San, that would pay back all that he suffered, everyone that had a relationship with him would receive his vengeance. Therefore, before he had solved the great trouble of Zhang San, Ye Qingyu could not be too close to anyone within Youyan Pass, to prevent him from bringing them calamity.

Of course, apart from Wen Wan and Liu Zongyuan.

On the way back, Ye Qingyu had already been called over for inspection several times by the patrolling soldiers.

After the Demon Race had come during the day, the restrictions and curfew of the night became even stricter. For normal soldiers and civilians, without a military order, they were forbidden from walking on the streets. If they travelled in the streets during these times, they would instantly be arrested and interrogated. Thankfully, Ye Qingyu right now could be counted as the nobility of the Empire, and was not restrained by the nighttime curfew. After inspection and interrogation, the soldiers respectfully let him go.

Within the streets of darkness, there was an air of tragedy and hatred emanating.

Ye Qingyu knew very clearly that after experiencing what had happened during the day, no matter whether it was the [Youyan army] or the civilians of the city, the hatred towards the Demon Race had risen to an entirely new level. There was a fire lit which added on the hatred between the Demon and Human Race. The spring time offensive of the Empire, unquestionably would receive even greater support by the citizens.

But the greatest problem was not here.

Ye Qingyu's gaze turned in the direction of the Pass Lord's residence far off.

The injuries of the [War God of Youyan Pass], Lu Zhaoge, just how was it?

This was the greatest factor that decided the battle power of [Youyan army] as well as their efficiency.

But such a matter, even with Ye Qingyu's status and identity today, he could not enter.

On the way, Ye Qingyu could not but help think about Song Xiaojun yet again.

Once this name leapt out from his mind, Ye Qingyu's lips would subconsciously curl in an easy smile that even he would not notice. His mood rapidly turned for the better.

He had finally seen the little loli again, and knew how she was doing. Although he had not spoken to her, but as long as he had a clue, everything could be worked on.

The most pressing matter was to rapidly raise his own strength.

The cooperation of the little loli with the Demon Race held no difference to plotting to take the skin of the tiger. The reappearance of the Unmoving City of Darkness would ultimately decide the fact that she would suffer countless dangers and assassinations. For this, Ye Qingyu must make sure that the next time she appeared in front of him, he must have enough strength to protect her.

As his thoughts were running in circles, he very quickly arrived back to Youyan Pass.

Bai Yuanxing had already returned early, but he still had not yet slept and was painstakingly training the sword. Hearing that Ye Qingyu had returned, he quickly came out to pay his greetings. Ye Qingyu smiled and looked at him, giving him some pointers on the problems he had encountered on his cultivation and telling him to return to training and not care about him.

Very quickly, Mother Wu brought a midnight meal up.

Ye Qingyu's stomach began gurgling. After being busy for the entire day, he was really hungry.

"It's been hard on you Mother Wu." Ye Qingyu looked at the exquisite dishes in front of him, and could not help but devour it in large bites.

Mother Wu was somewhat shocked by the compliment, rushing to say, "This is something your servant should do."

Ye Qingyu smiled, asking again, "The injuries of your husband…" "It's quickly getting better, it's quickly getting better. Thank you for your kindness my lord, I've already asked a doctor to treat him, and the best medicines were used. My man's life is lowly, it is not so valuable, so he is recovering rapidly. He can already walk around…" As she spoke of this, Mother Wu was moved to tears.

She did not know that the reason Ye Qingyu had treated her family so generous was because he had a reason.

That day, in the midst of despair, for Mother Wu to shoulder the blame alone, such bravery made Ye Qingyu open his eyes wide. Subconsciously, he had already treated her as one of his people.

"Just who else do you have in your family?" Ye Qingyu causally asked.

Mother Wu quickly replied, "Apart from my man, there is still a seventy-year-old grandmother. A boy and a girl, both half grown children that are working as helpers in the shops in the city… Ever since I came to the White Horse tower, the life of our family has gotten much better. When the others learnt that I work in White Horse tower, they are very envious. The enemies that used to make things hard on me, right now does not dare to do so anymore."

As she spoke of this, Mother Wu's grinned delightedly.

She suddenly felt that her life was really great.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 202:


Chapter 203 - Refining the Origin Crystal

Ye Qingyu had only casually conversed with Mother Wu, but Mother Wu was already deeply grateful. She felt that her impulsive decision to look for work in the market was really too correct.

Thinking back, that day she did not know just what kind of urge took her. After she finished her midday meal, she went to the marketplace to find something to do. This was her first time going to the marketplace, so she was somewhat nervous. She waited in a cranny somewhere, not daring to bawl[1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] [7] and shout to advertise herself like other people. She was just about to return with a dejected face when she met Master Ye. At that time, she felt Master Ye was still somewhat too young and not reliable. Who would have guessed…

This had really made their family[8] hold their heads up high.

In these days, she and her man had nearly been beaten alive by the supply department over the soldiers pay incident and was wrongly accused. However, because of this incident, nearly the majority of Youyan Pass knew that Marquis Ye would protect and aid them, not even caring about offending the leaders of the supply department. With such a powerful and glorious Marquis protecting them, who would dare bully them anymore?

Mother Wu knew that to extend such good times, she must think of a way to remain within White Horse tower.

Marquis Ye liked the food she made.

To make the Marquis even more satisfied, apart from cleaning and tidying the White Horse tower these days, Mother Wu would go and polish her repertoire of dishes.

She even went to the nearby restaurants to secretly learn. Afterwards, when she was recognized, and they knew that she was one of the people of the Marquis Ye that was in the current spotlight, they did not dare to do anything to her. There were even several owners of the restaurants that passed on the order for them to allow Mother Wu to learn from the kitchens. Of course, they hoped that they could be able to connect to Ye Qingyu, the new noble of Youyan Pass through the link of Mother Wu.

After a while, the culinary skills of Mother Wu really became greater and greater.

Today, Ye Qingyu had casually asked her a few questions. This already made Mother Wu feel that she had received a great reward for the sacrifices she had made in these days.

After Ye Qingyu had finished, she carefully stowed away the dishes and left, shutting the door after her. She did not dare to disturb him any further.

In the room.

Ye Qingyu smiled slightly, thinking that he had really hired the right person.

At least until right now, Mother Wu's performance had exceeded his initial expectations. Under the management of Mother Wu, everything was neat and orderly in White Horse tower. It was numerous times better compared to when Bai Yuanxing was managing and tidying it. Furthermore, Bai Yuanxing could spend even more time cultivating. Although he had average talent, but his status was still the White Horse sword slave. He needed a certain level of martial strength to support this, so he needed to put even more efforts in training.

After finishing his evening meal and having a wash, his entire body felt comfortable.

Ye Qingyu went to the quiet room on the fourth floor, beginning to cultivate.

After the experiences today, Ye Qingyu felt particularly relaxed in terms of his spirit and mentality.

He very quickly entered into a blank state of mind, practicing in the nameless breathing technique his father had passed on, and entering into a state of blankness like an old monk. Moonlight shone from the window, causing his white robes to be like jade, his face like frost. It was as if everything was within a painting.

This nameless breathing technique had a crucial part to play on Ye Qingyu's martial path.

Ninety nine percent of Ye Qingyu’s yuan qi cultivation was established on the foundation of this mysterious breathing technique.

In the cemetery of the Snow Dragons, the mysterious illusory figure that had slumbered for millions of years had spoken about the secrets behind this technique. This breathing technique seemed as if it had been created for Ye Qingyu— apart from him, it was suitable for no one to cultivate in. Apart from making Ye Qingyu greatly shocked, it also raised his evaluation and expectation of the nameless breathing technique to a whole new level. The same as before, he would spend even more time cultivating in the nameless breathing technique.

The effect of an inner yuan breathing technique was to increase the yuan qi of the martial artist.

This was the origin of the yuan qi of a martial artist. For people under the Bitter Sea stage, fundamentally, one relied on absorbing the yuan qi within Heaven and Earth into one’s body, refining it for your own use. The profoundness of a martial breathing technique determined the speed and quality at which a martial artist absorbed yuan qi. On some perspective, the nameless breathing technique was definitely a divine class cultivation technique. At least from Ye Qingyu's perspective, there was a type of power where it simplified the great Dao into something easily grasped.

After long years of cultivating in the nameless breathing technique, it had already become instinct for Ye Qingyu's body. Breathing in and out became as natural as drinking water or sleeping. His entire person entered into a blank state of mind where he forgot himself. His body was like an intricate formation array that functioned automatically.

The three to six billion pores on his body all completely opened, absorbing the yuan qi of Heaven and Earth.

Miniscule little yuan qi vortexes that only top class experts could sense constantly began appearing on the surface layer of Ye Qingyu's body like scales on a dragon's body. These miniscule vortexes gathered, ultimately completely surrounding Ye Qingyu's body, forming an invisible forcefield vortex. Air began distorting visibly around Ye Qingyu's figure.

Also encircling around his body at the same time were twenty illusory figures of the Snow Dragons.

Ever since Ye Qingyu had absorbed the aura of the Snow Dragon King and grasped how to control ice yuan qi, there would be silver illusory figures of Snow Dragons appearing, bringing with it a faint draconic pressure. Before even exchanging blows with opponents far below his strength, this ice qi and dragon race pressure was already enough to make his enemy crumble.

These twenty Snow Dragon illusions, through Ye Qingyu's training, became more and more solid and lifelike. It was as if there really were divine dragons protecting his body, traversing through his body, through his limbs and bones, through his meridians.

Gradually, Ye Qingyu's entire body was covered by silver and ice qi.

Every time each Snow Dragon projection travelled throughout his body, this was a cycle.

Once the twenty Snow Dragon illusions had all travelled throughout his body, this was a great cycle.

This was a process that refined and transformed yuan qi from Heaven and Earth into his own personal yuan qi for his own use. This was also a process where it changed the foundation of a body. Every time a martial artist broke through a realm, their longevity would also increase similarly. It was through such a long and arduous process of refining one's physical body that ultimately caused a qualitative change in one’s body.

Time passed minute by second.

Two hours later.

Ye Qingyu gradually opened his eyes.

He felt his entire person was refreshed and clear.

His time to practice his breathing technique had already ended.

Sensing the increased yuan qi in his body, Ye Qingyu lightly nodded his head.

Perhaps it was due to his mood being entirely free from worry, the effects of training was even greater than usual. At this time, the yuan qi in his body was like a roiling great river, already reaching the peak of the twenty Spirit springs. As long as he took a little step forward, this was the realm of the twenty one Spirit springs.

But such a rate of progress could no longer make Ye Qingyu satisfied.

He knew that his cultivation speed was already universally astonishing. He also knew that the martial path needed to be slowly built from the ground up, and one could not hasten things. That would often lead to twice the effort for half the result, and could also lead to a state of qi disruption, causing all his efforts to be wasted. But today, seeing the strength of Song Xiaojun as well as the battle between Yan Buhui and Lu Zhaoge, he had really been stimulated.

The battle that occurred between true top level experts was like a scenic painting of a fight between Fiendgods. The aura as if they could rule over all caused Ye Qingyu’s heart to yearn towards this.

This was the realm and power that martial artists truly yearned towards.

The Ye Qingyu right now could be said to be able to fight against ten thousand people, flying through the skies and burrowing through the earth. But the distance between him and the realms of Yan Buhui and the others was still too far.

Not able to possess the strength of a top level expert, it would be difficult for one to truly control one's own fates.

The things that happened during the day had caused too great a stimulation to Ye Qingyu.

He thought it over, making his decision.

Ye Qingyu took a white crystal that was the size of a fist from the [Cloud Top Cauldron] immersed within a Spirit spring in his dantian world. Its surface was like jade, pure and without imperfections, without the slightest impurity. In his hands, under the light of the quiet room, it emitted a faint radiance.

Origin crystal.

A true cultivation treasure of a martial artist.

Martial artists under the Bitter Sea stage could rely on absorbing the yuan qi of Heaven and Earth through their cultivation techniques. But once they were above the Bitter Sea stage, to want to absorb the yuan qi in Heaven and Earth and turn it into yuan qi in their body, this was somewhat hard to fulfill their needs to increase their cultivation level.

Because every little stage of the Bitter Sea stage needed a vast quantity of Heaven and Earth yuan qi. Only relying on the cultivation technique to absorb this would expend far too great a length of time. The length of time needed was so long that even if you expended the large majority of your life, it was possible that you may not be able to absorb enough natural yuan qi for the need to level up.

Under such preexisting conditions, to want to go against Heaven and succeed, one needed to change their methods.

In this world, there were many problems, but there were even more ways of solving problem.

From ancient times, there were a few people of the Human Race with intellect far surpassing and shocking their peers. Through luck and hardship, they finally managed to discover the path of cultivation. They opened a path of light step by step for the later generation amidst the thorny darkness. To want to solve the issue of cultivation after the Bitter Sea stage, there were largely four typical methods.

One of them was to borrow an external force. In this world, there was not a lack of the natural treasures of the world, holding the essence of Heaven and Earth, of the sun and moon, with great energy contained within. Those who were able to possess these treasures could take a further step in their path of cultivation. The second method was to create and use a formation array to gather and collect yuan qi of Heaven and Earth at its heart. The third was to find some places of fortune, locations with naturally formed formations that caused the gathering of yuan qi, this would cause twice the results with half the effort. The fourth was to use the medicinal pill arts, harnessing the essences of spirit herbs for your own use…

Apart from these fourth standard righteous methods, there were many other sinister methods. Stealing the yuan qi of someone, blood sacrifice, borrowing force etc. However, these methods were not righteous after all, and shunned by the martial world.

And right now the Origin crystal held in Ye Qingyu's hands was namely one of the treasures of Heaven and Earth.

The so called Origin crystal was a strange material made from solidified natural yuan qi. Under some sort of special natural law and energy, they were formed, the same as many natural minerals, and extracted by intelligent life forms. They had extremely beneficial effects in terms of cultivation. The Origin crystal was originally the accumulation of natural yuan qi. One only needed to refine and absorb it, and they could transform it into yuan qi in their own body.

This type of treasure was extremely rare and was therefore an extremely precious cultivation resource.

Normally speaking, the Origin crystal mines were occupied and monopolized by countries, sects and other great forces.

In the past, even Chen Moyun, with his status as the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix], had only managed to collect several pounds of Origin crystal after spending his entire life. In the process to refine Ye Qingyu, everything was used up, but it conversely caused Ye Qingyu's strength to exponentially increase. And right now, the Origin crystal Ye Qingyu held was one of the rewards of the Empire when he was bestowed with the title of Marquis.

"This is a consumable item, it will be gone after using it. I originally wanted to save it for a crucial moment, but right now…"

Ye Qingyu thought it over, and then determinedly activated his yuan qi, refining the yuan qi in this piece and absorbing the energy within.

Under the activation of his inner yuan, this Origin crystal that was the size of a fist was like an incense that had been lit, emitting strand after strand of pure mist. Ye Qingyu utilized his nameless breathing technique, absorbing strand after strand of mist and absorbing into the body.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 203:


Chapter 204 - The three levels to the Pill mantra

The mist entered into his body along with his breathing, transforming into pure energy that followed the twenty illusory Snow Dragons as they traversed a cycle throughout his body and bones. After every great cycle, it would turn into Ye Qingyu's inner yuan power, like the rivers returning to the ocean, entering into the desert world of his dantian.

This type of growth in his inner yuan, far, far exceeded the effect of any of his previous trainings.

As he breathed in and out, his inner yuan grew stronger every minute and second.

The Origin crystal also gradually floated, hanging half a meter away from his face.

Countless clustered strands of silver mist, like the tentacles of an octopus, unendingly emitted and diverged from the Origin crystal. With Ye Qingyu's breathing, they entered into his body. Very quickly, this Origin crystal began constantly shrinking at a visible speed, as if it was a piece of ice under the scorching sun, being melted drop by drop.

In a time just under fifteen minutes.

Boom!

An invisible energy fluctuation came from Ye Qingyu's body.

Twenty-one Snow Dragon figures slowly appeared around Ye Qingyu.

There was the faint roars of dragons.

Twenty-one Spirit springs.

When the twenty-first Snow Dragon illusions first appeared, it was somewhat pale and unreal. But as Ye Qingyu breathed in and out and the power of the Origin crystal constantly entered into his body, this Snow Dragon became more and more solid and translucent. It became more and more nimble and lifelike, as if it had gained life and also began to emit a faint draconic pressure.

Another fifteen minutes passed.

The twenty-second Snow Dragon figure appeared.

Another fifteen minutes.

Twenty-third…

After another two hours…

The Snow Dragon illusions around Ye Qingyu had already grown to twenty-five.

Every Snow Dragon illusion was like a true dragon. Dancing, flying and coiling, they protected Ye Qingyu within. They entered through his apertures, nose, mouth, and eyes, cycling around his body, their speed like the flow of light. When they had reached their extreme speeds, they turned into a silver ring of light that emitted a true draconic pressure, protecting Ye Qingyu within.

At this time, there was an evident red that appeared on Ye Qingyu's face.

The Origin crystal floating in front of him was only a quarter of its original size.

Slowly breathing out a mouthful of murky air, Ye Qingyu stopped practicing the nameless breathing technique, opening his eyes.

This Origin crystal landed on his hands.

Ye Qingyu was in deep thought.

"No wonder it is the special material for the cultivation of Bitter Sea experts. In such a small piece of Origin crystal, there is such a vast amount of energy within. It has only been a couple of hours, but it also already allowed me to excavate five Spirit springs, comparable to months of bitter training. My normal cultivation speed is already extremely rapid, if it were any normal martial artist, this little piece of Origin crystal is equivalent to one or two years of their cultivation.“

In truth, for his cultivation to grow at such a rapid pace made Ye Qingyu also feel somewhat shocked.

Ever since practicing martial arts, his greatest increase in strength came after the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] Chen Moyun had captured him and stuffed him in the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to refine him into a human pill. As a consequence, he had absorbed the [Hundred Grass Divine Liquid], realizing the strength of his potential and ultimately killing Chen Moyun.

The piece of Origin crystal just now was about double the size of the Origin crystal that Chen Moyun had placed within the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

"Even though the Origin crystal is great, I cannot not absorb it without limit. My strength can absolutely be counted as number one among the martial artist at the same realm as me. But after continuously absorbing the power of the Origin crystal for several hours, with the energy passing through my meridians, I can already feel that the meridians are unbearably swollen. Evidently, the increase in energy has exceeded the limits of what I can normally bear. I need to slowly adjust before I can begin absorbing for the second time!“

Ye Qingyu understood in his heart.

The reason as to why he had halted his cultivation was that after the power of the Origin crystal had unendingly entered into his body, his meridians already felt somewhat bruised and swollen ever since opening the twenty-fifth Spirit spring. It was like someone's stomach bursting at the seams after eating too much. If he continued cultivating in such a way, it would damage the meridians in his body, becoming imperfect.

"No wonder the Origin crystal is the culmination of the yuan qi of Heaven and Earth. For Bitter Sea experts to fight over this, it really is a great treasure.“

Ye Qingyu was exceedingly satisfied towards the results of his cultivation today.

Stowing away the little Origin crystal piece into the [Cloud Top Cauldron] for preservation, Ye Qingyu was somewhat anxious.

"If I had the support of enough Origin crystals, I can absolutely enter into the Bitter Sea stage within two or three years, leaping into the realm of top level experts in one go. At that time, I will have the status and power to aid Xiaojun, and can also preemptively think of a method to enter into the altar of the Imperial family of Snow Empire and solve the mystery my father left before he died."

Ye Qingyu was incomparably expectant.

But the problem was, the Origin crystal treasure was really far too rare.

For the entire Snow Empire, this was a strategical class resource of the Empire. The Origin crystal mines had already been divided cleanly between all the major forces in Snow Empire. The large majority was held by the Empire, with only the Imperial family of the Empire able to use it. Ye Qingyu was bestowed with the title of Marquis but he was only given an unprecedented tiny piece. Even if it was a great figure like the [War God of Youyan Pass] Lu Zhaoge, he would not be supplied with an unlimited supply, not to mention Ye Qingyu.

Just what should he do?

The Ye Qingyu who had experienced the sweet taste of the Origin crystal, wanted even more of it.

But no matter how he thought, there were not any methods for him to obtain a suitable amount of Origin crystal.

If he was not able to obtain Origin crystal, then could he not consider obtaining some sort of substitute? Just what kind of material could replicate the cultivation effects of the Origin crystal? Even if the effects were a little worse, was it still passable?

Wait a moment?

Substitute?

Ye Qingyu's eyes suddenly brightened, thinking of the pill formula the old doctor Li Shizen had left behind.

The contents of the pill formula had already been firmly engraved within Ye Qingyu's consciousness. The contents of this pill formula, was it not namely a pill that could aid a martial artist in increasing his inner yuan?

Damn it.

Arriving in Youyan Pass for so long, he had been kept busy by various matters, not stopping to think and consider at all. Ye Qingyu had nearly completely forgotten this matter.

He carefully recalled the contents of the pill formula.

"The characters of this pill formula are unquestionably the characters of the God and Devil Age. The names of the ingredients, some I have heard before, but there are some that I have never ever encountered the name…" Ye Qingyu thought over it carefully. He had some sort of knowledge towards refining pills and the like, because he had carefully paid attention when he was within White Deer Academy and research. But compared to true pill masters, the distance was far, far too great. He could only be said to have taken in knowledge without even understanding half of it.”

But this could not obstruct the determination for Ye Qingyu to refine and produce this pill.

Instead of relying on the Heavens, on the Earth, on other people, he should rely on himself.

Ye Qingyu thought it over, then took out the [Pill Mantra] he had found on the corpse of Chen Moyun. there were marginal notes of the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] Chen Moyun held within. It could absolutely be counted as the dictionary of the Pill path that many normal pill masters dreamt about. Ye Qingyu decided to use this [Pill Mantra] as his foundation, and slowly begin to experiment and practice.

Opening the first page of the [Pill Mantra], there were columns of cinnabar red character written on it.

"There are three main classes of the Dao of the Pill. The first is the Medicine Pill, the second is the Spirit Pill and the third is the Dao Pill. The Medicine Pill is the foundation; such pills must have medicinal attributes. This is the most common pill; for such an ordinary pill, ingesting it can cure hundreds of poisons and illnesses, formed from the essences of herbs and plants. For the Spirit Pill, the Pill has a soul and spirit, and it is not a simple Pill. There are many profoundness with such a pill, with the ability to transform the lives of lifeforms. And as for the Dao Pill, is known as the greatest among Pills. It could transform the nature of Heaven and Earth, from the high Nine Heavens, to the yellow springs below. It is the function of the great Dao, it is between the sun and the moon, within the stars in the sky. It is immortal and everlasting!”

This was the opening paragraph of the Pill Mantra.

Ye Qingyu mulled it over, comprehending the meaning held within.

In other words,according to the division of classes, pills could be split into Medicine Pills, Spirit Pills and Dao Pills. The medicine pills could be used to treat illnesses, Spirit Pills could be used to treat life threatening issues. And the Dao Pill was the incarnation of the laws of Heaven and Earth, with endless profoundness, containing the understanding of Heaven and Earth within.

He continued to read on.

What continued on was a very extensive explanation of all sorts of pills and medicines. Starting from the very basic and most foundational medicinal properties, this was the section for the Medicine Pills.

The first obstacle of this Pill section was to memories the list of herbs, and familiarise yourself with the medicinal properties, attributes and effects of all sorts of Spirit herbs and medicines. There were tens of thousands of voluminous words, along with clear and simple instruction. Within, there were also the notes of Chen Moyun, so it could be easily understood.

Ye Qingyu had an eidetic memory. As long as he read it over once or twice, he would firmly recall it.

Reaching this pil section, there was a explanation and reflection left behind Chen Moyun, containing all sorts of information.

But the large meaning behind this explanation was that he had been bitterly researching this [Pill Mantra] for countless years. He thought that he had an extremely deep knowledge about refining pills and could be ranked in the top three of the Azure Phoenix region. But even he could only refine Medicine Pills. After countless tries and effort, he could only manage to refine Spirit Pills at an incomplete state, and this was by pure coincidence and luck. After thinking it over, he could not make head or tails of this himself. As for the legendary Dao Pills, it was something he would not even dare to think about.

"So Chen Moyun could only refine Medicine Pills…"

Ye Qingyu was slightly shocked, and obtained an even greater understanding of the classifications between the pills.

He continued to read on.

The next sections regarding the Spirit Pills as well as the Dao Pills were extremely simple and basic. It just roughly described what Spirit Pills were, what Dao Pills were, nearly repeating the opening paragraph of the [Pill Mantra]. It also roughly sketched out and gave examples of those legendary Spirit Pills and Dao Pills, but these were extremely rare instances. There was no value to knowing it.

Apart from feeling slightly disappointed, Ye Qingyu also felt that this was within the bounds of reason.

If in this [Pill Mantra] there were clear instructions regarding the method to refine Spirit Pills and Dao Pills, then the skill of the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] Chen Moyun, would not only stop at the stage of being able to make Medicine Pills. He would also not make a transaction with Liu Yuancheng with such an important manual.

"Then I wonder, the pill formula the old man Li Shizen gave me, is it a pill formula for a Medicinal Pill? Or is it the pill formula for a Spirit Pill?"

Ye Qingyu smiled slightly.

He continued to carefully read over three or four times the [Pill mantra]. Confirming that he had firmly fixated the contents within it into his mind, after a slight thought, a surge of ice energy surged out from between his fingers. Then his hand clenched, crushing the pill book into miniscule powder, scattering through the air.

This [Pill Mantra] was, after all, something belonging to Chen Moyun.

Right now, the death of Chen Moyun should have already become a mystery. If the Azure Phoenix Academy pursed the whereabouts of the killer of Chen Moyun, and it was discovered he had a [Pill Mantra] on his body, it would most likely draw unnecessary trouble.

After arranging everything, there was already the faint white of dawn on the boundaries of the horizon.

One night had passed just like that.

Ye Qingyu rose, stretching his waist and yawning. He was about to lie down and rest, when suddenly the center of his right palm began burning with an acute pain.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 204:


Chapter 205 - Within the Pass Lord’s Residence

Pass Lord’s residence.

As one of the greatest buildings in Youyan Pass, this residence was not only intricately beautiful, but the walls were also the sturdiest. Although the lighting around there was not the most resplendent, but it was the most sacred place that countless people of Youyan Pass worshipped.

Because this place was that person's home.

Ever since twenty years ago, when Lu Zhaoge had arrived in Youyan Pass and settled within this residence, he had never departed from this place - apart from when setting out to do battle.

To the tens of thousands of humans in Youyan Pass, the worlds strongest city walls, the most perfect formation arrays, the most powerful army, the sense of security these things brought could not even be compared to the emotions they felt when the figure of this person had appeared before them.

Lu Zhaoge, the [War God of Youyan Pass].

The protection deity of Youyan Pass.

His power, had never even been questioned by anyone.

But the battle on that day had caused a haze to cover many people’s hearts.

Yan Buhui's arrogant and exaggerated laughter, as well as that girl of flames that was said to come from the Unmoving City of Darkness. The words they left behind when they departed made the entire army feel worry and anxiousness.

Perhaps this was a mistaken sensation, but when everyone regarded the Pass Lord's residence, they felt that compared to in the past, the security was even tighter and stricter.

And before the breaking of dawn, the figures leaving and departing from the Pass Lord's residence were tens of times greater.

But because of the nightly curfew, the large majority of people were not aware of this fact.

There was a bamboo fenced courtyard in the rear courtyard of the Pass Lord's residence.

In this courtyard, there were five or six yellow wooden houses side by side.

The strategists of the military council pavilion would appear before the wooden houses with grave expressions. They would converse and discuss in small voices, but they dared not raise their voices.

And in the platform of the largest wooden house at the center, there were four middle-aged men with coarse robes and roughly woven shoes. They all had short brown hair, the hair so stiff that it was like steel needles emitting a black light. Their facial expressions were as if it was carved with a blade, extremely firm and upright. Only the higher ups of the [Youyan army] were aware, that these were the strongest guards beside Lu Zhaoge, with unfathomable strength. If they were in the army, they had the martial strength to assume the role of a commander.

It was said that these four people were once the geniuses of the sects, but were recruited by Lu Zhaoge, bringing them at his side.

These four people had already not fought or acted for a very long time. And they would not speak with other people, as if they were natural born mutes. It was rumoured that these four were completely immersed in the martial path, not wishing to be disturbed by outside matters, so they therefore closed off their senses to cultivate. Even the higher ups of the army, when facing these four people, would feel a pressure that was hard to describe using words.

Normally, these four people appeared very rarely, hiding within the Pass Lord's residence. Even if Lu Zhaoge set of for war, he would not bring them.

But today, for the four people to appear and protect the wooden house, made the originally tense atmosphere even more unsettling for the other people.

Creak!

The little door of the wooden house opened.

Liu Yuqing walked out from within, his expression calm, standing on the platform.

Looking at the neat and orderly gazes cast at him, he let out a cough. "Commander Lu is fine, please, everyone return. The most pressing matter right now is for every department and section to maintain the functions of Youyan Pass. Commander Lu told me to tell everyone that he thanks everyone for their care. Three days later, Commander Lu will personally attend the first meeting for the planning of the Spring time offense. At that time, he hopes there will not be any oversights."

The people below, hearing such words, their expressions gradually settled.

"If it is like this, then we will first return." "That's right, Commander Lu is fine, this is the fortune of the heavens…" "Brother Liu is right. My comrades, there must not be any oversights. This is the greatest support we can give to commander Lu.”

The surrounding people said these words with suppressed voices, then all gradually turned to leave.

There were some people still with questions in their heart. Liu Yuqing's position in the military council pavilion was only a person who would evaluate and pass on the scrolls. This was an not important position. In many of the strategies, he did not even play an evident role. Why was it this time, after Commander Lu had suffered a little injury, someone who would normally not be seen would suddenly stand out?

At this time, many of the experienced people in the Pass Lord's residence, discovered with shock, that they had underestimated this [Painting Saint].

After seeing everyone leave, there was a trace of weariness that flashed by Liu Yuqing's face.

He turned to head back into the wooden house.

There were not any spatial formations within the house, and the furniture was somewhat sparse and tidy. Simple chairs, table, bed, and through the years of use had become somewhat yellow. In this sparse painting, there was a natural scent that floated through the air, causing one's spirit to feel at ease.

On the grass woven mat in the wooden house, Lu Zhaoge was currently sitting in a meditative position. His ten fingers formed seals, three blossom of invisible yuan qi flowers floated up and down. There was a pale smoke that constantly emitted from his body.

On his normally ordinary face, there was a strange red colour that constantly flickered, sometimes able to be seen but sometimes not.

If one stood at the door to look, it seemed as if this wooden house was incomparably calm.

But Liu Yuqing knew that this was only an illusion.

If one approached one meter of Lu Zhaoge's body, there would instantly be a destructive energy that surged out. Even if it was an expert of the Bitter Sea stage, if they were hit by such energy fluctuations, they would instantly be heavily injured.

The Lu Zhaoge at this time, had already completely and fully activated his yuan power that was like that of a deity.

"Ever since the battle that year, I have never seen Lord Lu suffer such a serious injury." Liu Yuqing was somewhat worried in his head, silently waiting while sitting on a wooden chair.

Time passed minute by second.

One hour passed by.

The three yuan qi flowers near the head of Lu Zhaoge gradually sunk down, entering into his temple. The white mist surrounding him also slowly dispersed. The strange objects that could be seen in the clear illumination of the sunlight, also gradually sank on the grass woven mat on the floor.

The [War God of Youyan Pass] slowly opened his eyes.

He lightly breathed out.

"Lord, how is it? There was happiness on Liu Yuqing's face as he asked impatiently.

Lu Zhaoge lightly shook his head. He was about to say something, when he opened his mouth— "Pok!"

A jet of blood was spat out.

"Lord…" Liu Yuqing was greatly shocked.

Lu Zhaoge waved his hands. "It doesn't matter. The power of the curse of the Demon Race within the bone dagger of Yan Buhui cannot be erased so easily and quickly. And within the flames of the girl of darkness, there is the power of darkness. Through a moment’s lapse, these two types of powers have invaded inside my body. To want to get rid of it, I need to spend a great deal of effort… Haha, this time, Yan Buhui has really nearly succeeded.”

As he said this, his palm faintly extended and drew back in the air.

The blood that he had just spat out, suddenly behaved as if it was alive. Drop by drop, it moved automatically, gathering from the floor, the woven mat, and the wooden table and chairs, finally rising in the air and forming a scarlet red ball of light like a pearl. Dripping and flowing, it once again returned to the palm of Lu Zhaoge.

The impurities tainted in the blood were instantly forced out.

This globe of blood was translucent like a crystal, exceedingly pure, and emitted a shred of strange radiance.

But if one observed in detail, one would observe line after line of strange white patterns that were coiled around it like poisonous cobras. There were also blotches of blackness that could faintly be seen.

"A terrifying curse-like power. It should be an item that came from the royal court of the Snow Ground Demon King." Lu Zhaoge carefully observed the two strange powers within the blood, then let out a minute smile. "The curse of the Snow Ground Demon Court is rumoured to have a terrible power that even deities fear. It's rumours does indeed do it justice."

The Liu Yuqing by the side did not know what to say.

Rumour does indeed do it justice?

The matter was already so grave. This Lord Lu really had a magnanimous attitude, with still such a mood to say such things. It was as if the person suffering from the curse was not himself but someone else.

"For two types of bizarre power to enter into my body, there is a certain degree of difficulty in getting rid of it. I need to spend a certain length of time." Lu Zhaoge opened his mouth, swallowing the globe of blood.

The blood, flesh, bone and marrow of top level experts were similar to the natural treasures of Heaven and Earth. They contained powerful energy within. If they lost skin and flesh, this would also damage their yuan power. Furthermore, this type of blood would not decay for a hundred years, and it contained the power of the curse as well as the flames of darkness. It could easily cause destruction, harming other living forms if it were left rampant.

“If I am ultimately unable to get rid of these two demonic powers in my body, then I'm afraid that…" Lu Zhaoge thought it over. "I fear I will delay the Spring time offense of the army. If I cannot do this in time, I think there will be a need for a new commander for the [Youyan army].”

Liu Yuqing, hearing this, was utterly shocked. He stood up in an instant, his mouth wide open. He did not know what to say.

With Lu Zhaoge's ability, to say such words, one could tell that he had no confidence this time of really passing this trial. The power of the curse as well as the flames of darkness, was it really terrifying to this degree? "How could this be, great commander you…" Liu Yuqing did not know what he could say.

Lu Zhaoge smiled slightly, suppressing the strange power in his body. "Don't worry for me. This time, that Demon Race has formed an alliance with the Unmoving City of Darkness, it was greatly disadvantageous for us. On that day, I wanted to find out more, but it is a pity the new King of the Unmoving City of Darkness was not willing to speak. But she said the words ‘transaction’ - I hope that means the Demon Race and the Unmoving City of Darkness has not really allied together. They should not have a reason to join forces."

As he spoke to here, he said again, "If the item that I need, the Imperial family can bring it in time, then perhaps I can solve the problem of my body before the Spring time offense. Otherwise…"

Liu Yuqing, hearing this, had a flicker of rage in his face "Could it be, those fellows would not care about the greater picture at all? They would dare make difficulties on this matter for commander Lu, you? Are they crazy?"

Lu Zhaoge smiled slightly, "For those who dream about dismantling the [Youyan army], is this not a great opportunity? I think they will not have such an easier chance ever again."

Remaining silent for a moment, he then said, "That’s right, I've heard the six great sects have already sent their experts to within the Pass?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

