Chapter 369:


Chapter 370 - Utterly Defeated

[Purple Eye] Du Heng had always thought that tonight’s situation, even if it was not quite the same as his plan at the start, he would still have the advantage and that victory was within his grasp. Why was it that at this moment the situation had developed into one that was impossible to stop halfway?

His gaze was firmly fixed on Ye Qingyu who was charging over with a sword.

It seems that the only reason the situation had progressed to this state was because he had not taken into account the strength of the young opponent in front of him.

This was his only oversight when he made his final decision.

In his original plan, with him acting, he could defeat several people amongst the young experts within the Thunder Army, and establish his authority. Cooperating with the [Ten Gods of Slaughter] and the guest masters of the Imperial Du Residence, he could kill those eighteen young experts.

Even if he could not really kill them all, as long as he defeated these 18 people tonight, it was still undoubtedly a huge blow to the Crown Prince.

The Crown Prince thought that the selection and assembly of young military experts and his assistance this time were done in secret, but the majority of the real upper influential officials of the imperial capital had already known about this. And the people that knew about this also understood that this was another effort of the Crown Prince due to his decline in power in these years.

But in Du Heng’s eyes, this was just a futile and pale struggle.

The Crown Prince’s power had been declining not only in these one or two years.

Ever since he was named Crown Prince, the Snow Emperor seemed to be less concerned about the heir that he appointed himself.

Especially in recent years. Ever since the Snow Emperor had been learning martial techniques, he had stayed secluded to cultivate himself and rarely showed interest in government affairs. The power of the Empire was now in the hands of the major aristocratic families, with the leading one being the right government minister. And because of the Crown Prince’s timid nature, bad politics, and his continuous errors in decision-making, his assistants had fallen, so his power as the heir was repeatedly sliding away. And for some reason, he was repeatedly suppressed by the strongest political circle of the Empire, led by the right government minister, and had gradually lost the authority to speak.

Ever since the Snow Emperor had stayed secluded to cultivate, if it was not for the Chang Princess speaking up for the Crown Prince several times before, this so-called Crown Prince would have been swallowed up so badly that not even his bones would remain.

In the imperial court where martial artists dominate, the ruthless degree of the political struggle was far more terrifying than that of ordinary imperial courts. If this continues, then most likely, before the current Snow Emperor could make a decision, the Crown Prince would be overthrown.

Now that the political situation of the Snow Country was increasingly brutal and the power of the royal family was gradually fading away. If the Crown Prince lost his status, he most likely cannot even protect his own life.

If the Crown Prince was overthrown, it would undoubtedly be a long-lasting and important strategic victory for the Right Minister,

So tonight, even if [Purple Eye] Du Heng was able to guess the background of Ye Qingyu and the other people, he still chose to take a risk and directly attacked the 18 young experts, wanting to inflict heavy losses to the Crown Prince and become the last straw that breaks the camel’s back.

But he never had thought that what he got was not the perfect ending that he imagined.

But a relentless head-on heavy blow.

Losing three Bitter Sea experts in one battle, for the Du household, this loss was tantamount to being mercilessly stabbed in the heart.

If he also lost to this so-called [War God], then the scheme that they painstakingly planned to deal with the [Whip of Thunder Deity] would be more like digging a hole for him to jump down into.

This was an absolutely unacceptable situation.

The battle continued.

But the more Du Heng thought, the more distracted he was.

So his hand was moving much slower than before.

In a battle between top-ranking experts, any signs of weakness or slip ups may lead to lifelong regret, not to mention that at this moment there were so many distractions on his mind.

Swoosh!

A sword light came gushing over.

His purple robe was torn.

A section of the robe was directly cut apart, and then momentary crushed into pieces by the silver dancing-snake-like sword light, sword qi and sword intent.

Almost a few strands of long hair were chopped off.

Du Heng only felt a bone-chilling coldness rubbing at his temple and passing by, like the moment the god of death was descending, and instantly he almost saw blood spattering.

“It’s you that forced me.”

He finally made up his mind.

He must strike a fatal blow.

The spear exploded. An endless spear light was scattering.

The sudden eruption was finally stopping Ye Qingyu’s offense for a moment, while Du Heng took advantage of the opportunity, launching an attack.

Du Heng’s purple eyes were flashing a dark chilling colour, his face twisted in a sinister glare. His mouth shot open and a fierce, matchless purple intent came gushing out.

Suddenly heaven and earth shook, like supernatural beings were coming out.

Among the purple light was an aura that made all people within the formation tremble all over, like it was the roar of the mountain and the cry of the sea. And an indescribable imposing force, like some kind of supernatural beings, were madly howling in another world causing everyone to shiver with fear.

Even Ye Qingyu also felt that the yuan qi within his body was slightly suppressed by the terrifying power within the purple intent, immediately feeling a tendency of collapsing...

Beneath the ground.

The hundreds of soldiers in the distance were screaming miserably, like a ruptured balloon, booming and exploding. White fragments of bones and fresh blood spattered, and were instantly turning into pieces of flesh...

Only a few slightly stronger guards of the Du household were able to escape this calamity, sputtering blood and stumbling back several steps in fear.

The [Ten Gods of Slaughter] that were facing the young experts were also petrified by the force, staggering back and stopped fighting, staring in astonishment at the wisps of purple light in the night sky.

“Not good, [War God], danger!”

“What kind of power is that?”

“A Dao weapon? Or a secret skill?”

Countless thoughts rose in the mind of the young experts.

Every youngster’s face was filled with shock and apprehension, but it all happened too suddenly that they couldn’t help Ye Qingyu in time...

Watching Ye Qingyu being engulfed by the purple light...

At this moment, an unexpected change happened.

Suddenly, a silvery glimmer flashed before Ye Qingyu’s body.

This glimmer could only be perceived by a top expert. The light was very faint, like a ray of sunlight piercing through a pinhole or small crack, and like a strand of silver hair from an old grandmother, that seemed like it would bend when breathed on!

However, this touch of light was so tough that the purple light, which seemed like it could swallow the heaven and earth, was not able to bend it in the slightest.

When the silvery glimmer floated in front of Ye Qingyu, the terrifying purple brilliance was no longer able to advance further.

[Purple Eye] Du Heng’s eyes were wide with disbelief.

But right after that split second of shock, he suddenly thought of something, his face took on a sudden change of expression, like he had just seen a ghost, and he was screaming in fear: “3,000 feet of white hair? It’s 3,000 feet of white hair? That’s impossible... How could it be in your hands...?”

Before his voice died away.

The wisp of silvery light that was floating in front of Ye Qingyu moved.

The silver light suddenly rotated, infinitely elongating, and like a thin piece of silk wrapping around the purple light...

The purple light also sensed danger, frantically struggled, but could not move at all.

The next moment, the silver white light converged to one point.

In a flash, the purple brilliance looked like a fresh and soft purple tofu, gently being cut into several thin purple pieces, suddenly losing all its spiritual nature and dispersing in the air.

“Ah...”

[Purple Eye] Du Heng let out a roar, opened his mouth and jets of blood arrows shot out.

The purple light and him were connected by blood vessels, just like it was a part of his body. When it was crushed, a sharp pain instantly came and his face was instantly pale as a piece of white paper, his body trembling, and he directly lost consciousness, collapsing to the ground like a block of wood…

“Master!”

“Not good...”

This time round it was the [Ten Gods of Slaughter] that were filled with despair.

Someone dashed out with no thought of personal safety, holding Du Heng in his arms.

The other gods of slaughter of the city’s north district patrol camp were both scared and furious. As though they were on guard against possible dangers, they protected the unconscious Du Heng in the middle, afraid that Ye Qingyu would take advantage of the situation and attack.

Fortunately, Ye Qingyu had not made a move yet.

Although filled with killing intent, Ye Qingyu still knew what he should or should not do.

After all, in the imperial capital, killing a few of the subordinates of the Du household was nothing big, but killing the eldest son of the Du household and the commander of the city north district patrol camp, then the problem is huge. No matter for what reason, they would not be forgiven by the Empire, and mostly likely, he and the other young experts would have to embark on the road of escape the next moment.

“Still not withdrawing the formation?”

Ye Qingyu cast a glance at the [Ten Gods of Slaughter].

He stood tall and straight in the dark night sky, his black hair that was flying upward seemed to have fused together with the night sky. The mottled [Beheading Wind] sword in his hands was still wreathed in a faint silver flame, like a deity’s sword. The sword could be regarded as a matchless weapon, just like the god of war who had remained undefeated after hundreds of battles, which was impossible to regard upon close by.

If previously, it was only the young experts that had full confidence in his strength, this was not the case anymore. Everyone in the formation currently, including those patrolling soldiers who had already lost the ability to think, the frightened [Ten Gods of Slaughter], had already been stunned by this young man floating in the black sky.

Even a fool would understand what this battle tonight signified.

The rise of an expert is the downfall of countless other strong experts.

[Purple Eye] Du Heng who was ranked 99th on the [Heavenly Officer List]. Tonight, he had suffered a crushing defeat. This news was absolutely impossible to kept a secret. It could be imagined that, in a short amount of time, the message would, as though it had grown a pair of wings, spread across the Empire.

At that time, what kind of crazy sensation it would cause was something the [Ten Gods of Slaughter] dared not think of.

And the person that defeated commander Du Heng would no doubt become someone that the entire imperial capital would be concerned about.

This terrifying young man...

Really found the quickest way to amaze the world with a single brilliant feat.

Facing Ye Qingyu, the [Ten Gods of Slaughter] knew that, under the situation that their commander had been defeated, even if they continued to keep the young experts behind with the rune formation, it was meaningless.

After a brief deliberation, they chose to surrender.

The god of slaughter that was ranked first opened his mouth and issued a command.

There was a formation signal coming from the purple airship.

Then in the air there was a dark ripple, which was almost invisible to the naked eye, and the original opaque darkness faded away, like an invisible giant hand was tearing away the black curtain that was originally covering this piece of heaven and earth. As the darkness receded, the original bright starry sky and towering buildings appeared once again as though a formation lamp had been lit.

The various noises that were isolated before were ringing in everyone’s ears once again.

Even the air of the night sky, had become fresh and clean.

“Let’s go.”

Ye Qingyu carried Qiu Fenghan on his back and said to the young experts.

“Haha, let’s go!”

“The battle tonight was really satisfying.”

“Haha, who dares stop us now.”

After this battle, the friendship between the young experts was obviously much deeper, and even the people that were usually very quiet, their face lit up in a big smile. The expression on black-robed youngster [Shadow’s] face was also much brighter.

The crowd landed in front of the formation airship.

Ye Qingyu boarded the airship, when suddenly a gentle voice came from behind him, along with a faint orchid aroma. Qiu Fenghan who had been unconscious all this time, had suddenly regained consciousness.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 370:


When Qiu Fenghan woke up, her mind was in a complete mess.

She did her best to remember what had happened before, but there was not the slightest of clues. Her consciousness was muddled and confused, and she could not recall anything that had happened before. But there was a bad feeling in her heart, as if she had just experienced hell where she was powerless, and had fallen into deep terror...

But it was a pity that the instinctive feeling of a martial expert could not make her resist instantly.

Because an experience she had never felt before had suddenly encompassed her whole body.

A flame began burning from within her white jade-like and flat abdomen. An indescribable scorching heat instantly enveloped her. Even though her body was only covered by a thin cloak, but she wanted to hug a piece of ice to lower her body temperature in the quickest possible way...

Her skin, separated by her cloak, was pressed against something. A comfortable feeling that originated deep from her body came from the other side of the cloak…

Qiu Fenghan instinctively struggled, her fingers clenching. The beast skin cloak was torn apart like paper. For an expert with nearly seventy Spirit springs, this cloak could not pose any barrier to her.

Then she pressed her own body against it.

She was like a little snake that was about to explode from her heart, that tangled against the figure carrying her. Her arms encircled against the figure, and her long and slender legs clasped tightly. She used all sorts of methods to tightly hold onto the muscular figure carrying her, so that it would forever be in her embrace.

This was like an instinctive reaction.

Because Qiu Fenghan was able to feel on the firm body, a shred of comfortableness, a feeling that was near enough to make her mad.

……

"En?"

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, his body stiffening.

At that instant, he was able to sense that Qiu Fenghan had awakened. But he had not imagined that the first thing Qiu Fenghan did when she awoke was not to get off his own back. Like a beautiful female snake, she did her utmost to encircle onto his own body.

Previously, the [Supreme Ice Flame] had already aided Qiu Fenghan in erasing all the [Sealing Yuan Pill] in her own body. Now that her own body had recovered, she had even ripped her cloak apart, and had even crushed apart the clothing behind Ye Qingyu's back into powder.

Qiu Fenghan seemed to have lost all feeling.

At the same time she wrapped herself around Ye Qingyu, a powerful energy instinctively also began to be released. If it was anyone else, they would most likely have been instantly injured, with a high possibility of their bones being fractured. But thankfully Ye Qingyu's stage of body refinement could also be compared to experts at the Bitter River stage of Bitter Sea stage experts. Therefore he was able to endure it.

However, although he easily endured the power, the heat and seductiveness emitting from the perfect white smooth body was not so easily withstood.

The instant of seductiveness caused Ye Qingyu's heart that was always stable like a boulder to quiver instantly. It was as if a dam that had always been incomparably sturdy was about to be overran.

Such a feeling of temptation caused a feeling to be born in Ye Qingyu. He wanted to turn around and fiercely embrace Qiu Fenghan's body, and press her into his own figure...

But Ye Qingyu was still Ye Qingyu.

After withstanding that moment's temptation, he instantly realized that such an action was not something that Qiu Fenghan was conscious to.

There were many thoughts that flickered in Ye Qingyu's mind.

Qiu Fenghan was in a state where she had nearly lost control. She perhaps had been laced with an aphrodisiac, or perhaps her soul was controlled in some way, or there were some other methods...

No matter what, these were not her true thoughts.

A mature and high ranking military officer would absolutely not do such an action in such a situation no matter what. This instantly made him realize that he had to stop Qiu Fenghan's actions now, otherwise under the gaze of so many pairs of eyes, the reputation of this female officer would be completely destroyed.

This was something that would be serious enough that it would even affect the authority of the army, the [Whip of the Thunder Deity] that had been established over so many years.

Perhaps, this was one of the most sinister and vicious plots of the Du household tonight?

He thought over many things, then instantly a silver white mist enveloped himself that blocked all sight. What followed after was a shred of [Supreme Ice Flame] that entered into Qiu Fenghan's body.

The [Supreme Ice Flame] was known to be able to burn anything and everything. Then it must be able to solve the strange state that Qiu Fenghan's body was in. Previously, Ye Qingyu's focus was only on releasing Qiu Fenghan's body from the effects of the [Sealing Yuan Pill], and had not probed any further. After all, Qiu Fenghan was an unknown female. Using his sight to investigate the state of someone's body was not a well-mannered action.

But right now, Ye Qingyu couldn't help but use the [Supreme Ice Flame] to closely investigate.

……

On the purple red flagship.

The [Ten Gods of Slaughter] assisted the fainted [Purple Eye] Du Heng.

Because they were in a state where they were worried about Du Heng, the gods of slaughter did not pay attention to the strange scene occurring where Ye Qingyu was far away.

But by the side of the dock of the flagship, the enraged and fearful Young Master Du took something out. In his palms, there was a silver square shaped jade piece that was roughly two palms long and one palm wide, with it being three fingers thick. There was some strange formations inscripted on one side, but one side was as smooth as a mirror.

On this strange jade piece mirror, there was a scene flickering. This namely was the scene of Qiu Fenghan ripping apart the outer clothing of Ye Qingyu and herself like an octopus, tightly clutching onto Ye Qingyu's body.

This was a rarely seen Leaving Shadow jade piece.

The effect of it was to use the power of the formation arts to record everything on a specified location and time.

"Mother, I spent ten middle class Spirit tools to exchange from the [Strange Items Shop] this [Divine Dragon Aphrodaisaic]. I wanted to make this female military officer beg on her knees for me to defile her, and record something down as blackmail. Not only can I control this woman, I can also besmirch the name of the [Whip of the Thunder Deity], but I did not imagine it would be left for this pig to enjoy... Heh heh, but if this exquisite scene was spread about, knowing Qiu Fenghan's personality, she will definitely not enjoy it right?"

Young Master Du began laughing viciously.

But within his heart, there was really still some apprehension.

Just what was the background of this group of young people, to think they would be this fierce? This was the first time that he had seen his brother Du Heng suffer such a setback. Within the current Imperial Du household, his father's words were the law. But everyone knew that the person who would speak within the next ten years, would be his brother.

The reason that Young Master Du was able to be so unrestrained within his circle of noble young masters was partly due to the fact that his surname was Du. The other part was because Du Heng was his brother. In his impression, Du Heng had only tortured and brutalized others, when had Du Heng ever suffered such a blow?

Young Master Du knew better than anyone else his brother's martial strength... If his brother was not confident he could win for sure, his brother would definitely not act. Since his brother had said that they definitely must remain today, this meant that he had absolute confidence in himself. However, he had ultimately failed...

"This fellow, just who is he?"

Young Master Du looked at the figure of Ye Qingyu that disappeared amongst the silver mist. Fear and apprehension was born in his heart. This person seemed so young and did not seem like any inheritor of any major families, how could he defeat his brother?

He made his determination to clearly investigate the background of this group of people.

But he had not imagined that this person that seemed ridiculously young, would become his nightmare later, and not only that, he would become the entire Imperial Du household's nightmare.

……

"What's this? I..."

Qiu Fenghan awakened completely.

Nearly at the same instant, everything that had happened in the restaurant appeared in her mind. The death of Zhao Yun and the disgusting grin of Young Master Du appeared in her mind, and an incomparable killing intent was born in her heart.

She felt that she was near naked and she could sense the aura of a strange man. Qiu Fenghan's first thought was that she had already been defiled by Young Master Du and the others...

"Kill!"

Her nails suddenly enlarged, as if it was the sharpest sword in the world. With a clench, it pierced into the back of this strange man that was closest to her. Blood instantly spurted out...

"Ugh…”

The strange man let out a grunt.

Qiu Fenghan instantly realized that the skin and muscles of this person was as firm as steel. Her [Cold Wind Ghost Claws] had no way of entering any further, as if it was held down. She could not even pull it out...

Expert!

Qiu Fenghan was shocked.

She instantly realized, this person was not Young Master Du.

At this time, an unfamiliar but calm and gentle voice sounded: "Head Officer Qiu, it seems like you have awakened. But I am your friend and not your enemy..."

There was a charm that was hard to describe using words in such a voice. This vast and clear silver colour caused Qiu Fenghan to nearly abandon her killing intent and all her suspicions.

But she was still incomparably cautious. She pulled her hand away and used legs to push, causing her body to fly backwards.

The high cautiousness and good practice that had been trained in years of being in the army, made her make the most correct decision.

But the speed of the opposing party was even faster than her.

The instant that her legs kicked out, her intricate and white little foot was clasped by a gentle large hand. Then a vast power emitted from this hand, the distance she had gained was instantly lost...

"You're not wearing any clothing. Do you want other people to see?" A clear voice sounded, and then a soft long robe was tossed out into the embrace of Qiu Fenghan. The voice spoke again, "You should know Zhang Lei. It was he who made me save you."

Qiu Fenghan was about to strike out with the [Cold Wind Ghost Claws] again, but she stopped halfway.

Of course she knew Zhang Lei.

He was the youngest deputy commander of the [Whip of the Thunder Deity] army. He was a young warrior that had walked out from true battle and fire, he was the most dazzling genius within the army. Three months ago, he had been allocated to the Capital.

He knew Zhang Lei?

Thinking about the situation around her, Qiu Fenghan lowered her defenses a little bit. She quickly donned the robe he threw over. It was slightly too big for her, but there was a faint male scent on it that made Qiu Fenghan frown.

"Just who are you?"

Qiu Fenghan asked.

"I am a friend of Zhang Lei. You can call me [War God]."

There was a faint trace of amusement in the voice. The silver mist in front of her dissipated, and a young and handsome face appeared in front of her.

This was the first time Qiu Fenghan had seen Ye Qingyu.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 371:


A face that was extremely handsome.

This was the first evaluation Qiu Fenghan made towards Ye Qingyu. On this face that had a smile, there was a brightness and intimateness that made one easily have good impression about. In this faint smile, there was a sense of the sunlight in it, clean and bright, without any impurity.

[War God]?

Qiu Fenghan could be sure she had never heard of this name before.

She looked at the surrounding environment that was still enshrouded by the silver mist. Thinking for a bit, her expression suddenly became tense, "Zhao Yun? Where are the others?"

Ye Qingyu took a deep breath in. "Are you talking about the young officer following beside you? He was unfortunate. To save you, he was struck from the fifth floor of the restaurant. By the time we discovered this, he already could not be saved...”

As Ye Qingyu spoke, he took back some of the silver mist covering them.

Qiu Fenghan could see the air clearing up in front of her. Carefully examining the scene, she discovered she was on a high speed formation flying carriage. All the lights from all sorts of architecture flitted past her, and the stars in the sky twinkled. They were no longer within the restaurant...

Apart from the handsome youth who referred to himself as [War God] on the flying formation carriage, there were also tens of other young men that had excited expressions discussing something.

The fellow that was as muscular as a gorilla was namely the genius deputy commander of the [Whip of the Thunder Deity] army. This fellow seemed even stronger than when she had last seen him as he departed from the army. His expression was also extremely rich, as if he had just returned from a great victory in the battlefield. His great laughter as his saliva flew everywhere, such an expression was something that Qiu Fenghan was deeply familiar with!

"Head Qiu, are you alright?" Zhang Lei turned around to see Qiu Fenghan who was wearing a male style robe. Delighted, his voice was like rumbling thunder, filled with care and happiness.

This brute still had such a loud voice and his brain was still filled with muscles.

Qiu Fenghan bit her teeth.

Hearing the shout of [Avalanche], the heads of all the young experts turned around.

Although she was a female expert amidst the army, she was wearing the robe of a strange man and she was near naked below the robe. it caused Qiu Fenghan to feel deeply uncomfortable.

But at this time, she could be sure, she had been saved.

Without the need for Qiu Fenghan to ask, Zhang Lei and his comrades largely recounted everything that had happened today. Especially the scene where Ye Qingyu fought the [Purple Eye] Du Heng alone, the tone of these young experts could not help but grow excited, and had admiration and worship towards Ye Qingyu as they told the tale.

Qiu Fenghan gave a glance at Ye Qingyu.

The Ye Qingyu right now had long changed into a new white-coloured robe. Although one was not able to see any trace of blood, but Qiu Fenghan could still faintly sense the stench of blood. It was unknown whether this was just her mistaken sensation.

Thinking that this youth, in such a desperate situation, did not retreat and directly defeated [Purple Eye] Du Heng who was ranked 99th in the [Heavenly Officer List] saved her from a bloody asura hell, and that she had injured him as repayment...

Such a battle record for someone so young. No wonder he was so proud, to call himself [War God]. He definitely had the requirements to be proud.

The fame and status of [Purple Eye] Du Heng, was something that Qiu Fenghan clearly knew. These days, the reason why she was so apprehensive was not because she was afraid of Young Master Du. it was because of the brother behind Young Master Du, who was really terrifying.

But Qiu Fenghan did not know, that the so called [War God] was an interim title given by the military department. It was not of Ye Qingyu's choosing.

But she knew that tonight, without the so called [War God] defeating that person, without the crowd of young experts and Zhang Lei acting honourably and not retreating, she would definitely have been defiled by Young Master Du. She could also have been something to blackmail the entire [Whip of the Thunder Deity] with, causing the entire army to be humiliated.

If it was like so, then her life was not worth living.

"Thank you."

Qiu Fenghan clasped her hands as she expressed her thanks to the young experts.

Ordering her thoughts, she demonstrated the toughness and training as a female officer. She turned her head towards Ye Qingyu. "To think I have accidentally caused you injury. I am deeply sorry for this, please forgive me."

"This is a minor matter." Ye Qingyu smiled.

As someone also originating from the military, Ye Qingyu also had good will towards this flower of the army. From his perspective, this Qiu Fenghan who came from a military background, was far more excellent than the female disciples of the sects like Nan Hua. He was able to see a sense of responsibility in this female expert towards her own country and race.

"No matter what, I, Qiu Fenghan, will remember this debt." The female head officer stubbornly expressed her gratitude. "I will definitely report everything that had happened today to my army and the military department. If there are any consequences, I will definitely bear anything and I will definitely repay the debt you have done for me. Right now, I urgently need to return to the camp of the [Whip of the Thunder Deity] within the capital, to prevent my superior from being worried. As for the corpse of military officer Zhao, I hope I will be able to bring it back... if it is convenient, could you stop at the next sentry post?"

Qiu Fenghan was an extremely intelligent girl.

She instantly realized that the matter tonight was not just the trap Young Master Du had set for her because he desired her beauty. This was a matter that possibility had something to do with the hidden conflicts of several large hidden forces of the Empire, even the [Whip of the Thunder Deity] army might be dragged into it. Therefore, the first thing she had to do was to return to the residence of the army in the capital, and carefully plan out her next actions

The gazes of everyone turned towards Ye Qingyu.

Without knowing when, Ye Qingyu had evidently become the leader of all the young experts

Ye Qingyu looked at the fair faced female officer with a trace of heroic spirit that was rarely seen within a woman. Nodding his head, "Of course you can. Officer Zhao was originally someone belonging to the [Whipof the Thunder Deity] army, so you can of course bring his body away. But for your safety... [Avalanche], accompany head officer Qiu back, I will ask for a leave of absence from the instructor."

"Yes."

[Avalanche] accepted very crisply.

Qiu Fenghan did not have any objections to such an arrangement.

After all, [Avalanche] Zhang Lei had once been someone belonging to the [Whip of the Thunder Deity] army, and they were familiar with each other. They did not have to be wary of anything.

The flying formation carriage very quickly halted at the next post in front of them.

After Qiu Fenghan and the others left, the young experts continued on their way.

After an hour, they returned to the great building of the military department.

they originally wanted to experience the wealth and glory of the capital after the meal. But since such a matter happened, they did not have such a mood anymore.

Under the night sky, the building of the military department towered high up alone.

As expected, Bao Shinu as well as the battle technique instructor rushed out instantly. Seeing the figures of the young experts, they charged towards them.

"You bunch of people, why have you went out drinking and caused such a huge disturbance... how is it? is everyone alright? En? Seventeen people? We're still missing one... [Avalanche]? There was concern and worry on Bao Shinu's face. "Where is he?"

"Nothing could have happened to [Avalanche], right? The tone of the battle technique instructor changed, "There are so many people, he should be fine..."

Very evidently, the two instructors had already received some sort of information. From their actions, it seemed that they had been rushing about everywhere trying to find the youths.

The tone of the two instructors held an unconcealed concern, as well as a faint hint of reproach. However this reproach did not make the young experts feel lectured, but instead made them feel thankful.

After all, the two instructors had only met briefly with the youths for thirty days. They were only following orders, and they had no private dealings with them. But the expressions and concern demonstrated by these two made the young experts feel warmth in their hearts.

There was someone that went and largely recounted everything that had happened tonight.

Hearing that everyone was fine, that [Avalanche] had only gone to accompany Qiu Fenghan, the two instructors finally rest assured. And after hearing of the battle during the night, that the [War God] was able to defeat [Purple Eye], the two instructors had disbelief and shock as they looked towards Ye Qingyu.

"First, go back. Originally, you had three days of relaxation. But after the battle tonight, half the capital will have been moved by your actions. You must hide within the military department for a while to evade the storm." Bao Shinu said with a smile as he escorted the youths back into the great building.

"Don't worry. No matter how big the waves get from this matter, the Crown Prince will be able to bear it for you." The battle technique instructor slapped his chest and guaranteed. "Furthermore, this matter concerns the [Whip of the Thunder Deity] army. This is a good thing, it will help you share the pressure of the backlash."

The young experts did not reply.

In the blink of an eye, they returned to the training camp on the fifty fifth floor.

"Three days later, your new appointment will come." Bao Shinu looked at the young experts who were still in a state of excitement, adding, "It's not certain that everyone will be able to remain in the capital. But the Crown Prince will definitely compete to obtain the best position for you, that will be compatible with your wishes. Rest well for these few days."

After arranging matters for them, the two instructors rose to leave.

Ye Qingyu suddenly opened his mouth: "Do we have to remain in the training camp in the next three days? Is this an order, or advice?"

Bao Shinu was taken aback, then smiled. "This is of course, our suggestion. If you have some matters you must attend to, then you can of course leave. But you had best prepare before leaving or have someone accompany you, to prevent any accidents.

Ye Qingyu nodded. "Fine, I know now. Thank you instructor."

Bao Shinu and the battle technique instructor gave a meaningful glance at Ye Qingyu, then left quickly. It seemed like they had some matter they had to do urgently.

The young experts returned to their own dormitories

That night, there were still people that insisted on training and there were some people that went to sleep early. It was as if time had once again returned to that mad time a month ago.

On the next day, Ye Qingyu left the great building of the military department early.

At the entrance, Lin Baiyi welcomed Ye Qingyu. After a brief exchange of words, the two left together.

For Ye Qingyu, within the capital, there were still many important things for him to do.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 372:


The formation flying carriage travelled like the wind or lightning.

In the early dawn, the capital seemed more tranquil than in the light. It was like a slumbering young girl, filled with a mysterious beauty and charm.

"How are Yuanxing's injuries?"

After not returning for a month, Ye Qingyu was most concerned with Bai Yuanxing's state.

The reason he brought Bai Yuanxing to the capital, was that he wanted to find famed doctors to treat his injuries.

Although the [Divine Doctor] Ouyang Buping could not heal him, but this did not mean that others also could not heal him. Perhaps they were able to encounter some strange methods of techniques. After all, there were many crouching tigers and hidden dragons within the capital. This was the largest city within Heaven Wasteland Domain, it was unknown just how many inexplicable people, matter and treasures lied within this massive city.

Ye Qingyu, apart from doing his utmost, held the heart of trying his luck, and did his best to find methods to make Bai Yuanxing recover.

"Ouyang Shishu has once analyzed the state that brother Yuanxing is in right now. His injuries should have already recovered fully, and all the strange power within his brain has been eradicated. But if he wants to recover his eyesight, it will be very difficult. Apart from if we find some divine medicine that only exists in legends or that the cultivation of brother Yuanxing is able to reach Heaven Ascension, he will not be able to see again. If he is able to reach such a state, his limbs can regrow, and at that time, new eyes can be born."

Lin Baiyi recounted everything that had roughly occurred when Ye Qingyu was in training.

Such an explanation was the same as one month ago.

It seemed like in this past month, Ouyang Buping was not able to find a breakthrough in terms of treatment.

Ye Qingyu heard this and understood. Nodding his head, "According to what you say, Yuanxing should be able to cultivate?"

“The heart and will of brother Yuanxing is impressive. In these days, his cultivation has taken another step forward. His strength has evidently risen, and is far more powerful than before he was injured. Apart from his senses of sight, his five sense are incomparably terrifying, and can be compared to the cultivation of a Spirit spring expert. In terms of this, one cannot say whether the incident is fortune or calamity for him."

Lin Baiyi sighed.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, not saying anything.

It seemed like placing all his hopes on the medical arts was not a correct decision.

Perhaps it was time to try out some other paths such as cultivation techniques?

Thinking of cultivation techniques, an idea formed in Ye Qingyu's head. A bolt of lightning surged in his mind. He suddenly thought of a cultivation technique that would perhaps suit Bai Yuanxing.

Ever since excavating a hundred Spirit springs and entering into the Bitter Sea stage, Ye Qingyu had already unsealed over half the contents in the ancient bronze book [Fiendgod Titled hart]. He had obtained many types of cultivation techniques, strange items and divine weapons, obtaining a rich stash. It was only that a large majority of its contents were not suitable for himself, and it's contents were extremely disordered and varied. It was vast like the ocean, and was not something that one person would be able to incorporate and comprehend in a moment. Therefore Ye Qingyu had not rushed to cultivate and train in the techniques.

But he could faintly remember, on the seventeenth page of the [Fiendgod Titled hart], there was a cultivation technique called the [Heavenly Blind Dao]. The figure that demonstrated the techniques was a naturally blind Fiendgod, so this seemed to be a path that was extremely suited for a blind person to cultivate in.

As he thought of this, Ye Qingyu directly meditated on the flying formation carriage. His consciousness submerged within his dantian as he opened the ancient bronze book.

He very quickly found the page that referred to the [Heavenly Blind Dao]. After inserting his yuan qi, a figure that was covered with tatoos and a long braid, his face completely smooth without any facial features jumped out from the page. It began demonstrating a cultivation technique. At the same time, there was a strange light pattern that flickered along his tattoos, it seemed to be the path where yuan qi should flow and follow...

……

The flying formation carriage possessed by Lin Baiyi had many privileges.

Very quickly, they arrived at the [Medicine Hut].

Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er and the others waited at the door after receiving news of his arrival. Seeing the descent of the flying formation carriage, they jumped up and down in excitement. This was especially so for the three children who charged straight at them.

Of course, what also charged at him was the silly dog Little Nine who had grown a little larger and chubbier.

Ouyang Buping and Dugu Quan stood at the door laughing at this scene.

Next to them were Ximen Yeshui and Wen Wan to the left and right of them. They both had differing expressions. There was a bowl of noodles in Wen Wan's hands, and Ximen Yeshui had a little turtle that was bright and green. On it's head, there was a three coloured pattern. It was unknown where Ximen Yeshui had obtained it from, and it seemed exceedingly cute and honest, blowing bubbles with its mouth...

"Haha, hearing that you are about to return, this fellow shamelessly came here to get free tea and wine off me." Ouyang Buping laughed.

If one was able to see that this Divine Imperial doctor that even princes would rarely be able to see, had such an amiable attitude as he personally walked out of the [Medicine Hut] to receive a young man not even twenty, their eyeballs would definitely drop out from shock.

Everyone entered into the [Medicine Hut] with a smile.

"Good little brat, you did a major matter last night. Right now, the entire capital has already heard of the title [War God]. Countless people know of you now," Dugu Quan patted Ye Qingyu on the shoulder as he said excitedly. There was curiosity as he asked, "That's right, how did you clash with that little messenger of death?"

"I did not incite the tiger, but the tiger wants to harm me." Ye Qingyu helplessly recounted everything that had happened that night, apart from the matter that Qiu Fenghan was being carried by him naked, and then she had mistakenly injured him.

After hearing Ye Qingyu's words, the expression of the two old men became much more serious.

"To think that the Right Minister is really preparing to act against Commander Li. Is that person crazy?" The [Divine Doctor] Ouyang Buping bit his teeth. In his words, one could tell he did not have any good will towards the Right Minister at all.

"The Right Minister wants to topple the position of the Crown Prince. And Commander Li, is one of the commanders of the four main armies, who has publicly expressed his support for the Crown Prince. The army of the [Whip of the Thunder Deity] has always kept neutral, so naturally he would become the thorn in the Right Minister's eyes. But to think that he would act so quickly. The matters that happened yesterday would not have shaken the foundation of the Thunder Deity army, and its methods were somewhat childish. It should not be something done by the Right Minister’s residence. To think that the Imperial Du household would have participated in it, the old man has really gone senile. But we cannot discount the possibility they are just being used, perhaps they are just the chess piece of some other people."

Dugu Quan said somewhat emotionally.

As people of the Imperial group of masters, and living within the Gongfeng residence, it seemed they had no conflict with the outer world on the surface, belonging to the sect of free clouds and wild cranes. But within the capital, there was no one that could remain neutral and apart. Furthermore, the two both belonged to major noble families, and were not truly separate and independent. They naturally had to pay attention to the situation of the capital, therefore when they spoke of this matter they were knowledgeable.

The Commander Li in their mouths was naturally the Li Xianhu who was one of the founding generals of the Empire.

"That's right, brother Ye you must be careful. By defeating Du Heng, you have already shaken Snow Capital. You have instantly became one of the important people within the capital, but the Imperial Du household is famed for paying back their debts. They will definitely hiddenly target you. Everything seems calm on the surface, but when the hidden current comes, it is unknown how many young geniuses and prodigies will turn into white skeletons..." There was worry within the words of Ouyang Buping. The methods of the Du residence was known by everyone throughout the capital.

Dugu Quan nodded his head, then chuckled. "Going against the current is the quality of a hero. A mighty dragon must cross a river. Brother Ye is a hidden dragon, now that clouds are converging, this is namely the time for you to shine. At such a time, he should go against the flow, and laugh at the clouds and wind. A mere Du household, how can it go against you? If Little brother Ye is scared by the Du residence, how can he achieve great things in the future?"

Ye Qingyu laughed hearing this.

Ouyang Buping next to him glared. "You old bastard, don't take things too lightly. Brother Ye only just entered into Snow Capital, and he is alone. I must say something today. This matter, your Dugu family must do something. If brother Ye really encounters any trouble, you must not just sit there and do nothing,.

After hearing this, Dugu Quan was enraged: "Do you think you need to say such words? Am I, Dugu Quan, such a dishonourable person? It's just that your Ouyang family might become cowardly.

Ouyang Buping countered, "Naturally, do I need you to teach me?"

Dugu Quan was satisfied hearing this, then suddenly thought of something. He had an eager expression, "Thinking of it, our two families have really been too silent in these years. It perhaps is the time for us to express our voices, otherwise the other people will think that us old fellows are weak.

As Ye Qingyu heard this, he suddenly felt that these two old men with hair white like immortals, were people who enjoyed a battle.

After a brief discussion, he once again exchanged thoughts on cultivation with these two old men. He shared his understanding towards the six ancient characters as well as some of it mysteries. In the blink of an eye, one day had passed and it was deep into the night. Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping suddenly received the summons coming from the Imperial palace. After being surprised, they prepared and left during the night towards the palace.

Ye Qingyu remained in the [Medicine Hut].

He decided to pass on the [Heavenly Blind Dao] to Bai Yuanxing.

Under the moonlight, Bai Yuanxing, wearing completely white, had a silver cover around his eyes, standing amidst the mottled bamboo shadows. The night wind blew over, moving his hair and white robe. Although he was only at the stage of the Ordinary martial level, but these days he had trained his heart and refined his spirit. He gave off a feeling that he had enlightened himself from mortal affairs.

Ye Qingyu similarly stood within the courtyard. He began demonstrating the heart sutra and the battle techniques of the [Heavenly Blind Dao] to Bai Yuanxing.

From far away, Jin Ling'er was currently training in the mysteries of the [Flowing Shadow Kill]

Compared to the exceptional martial talent of Jin Ling'er, Bai Yuanxing's talent was average, and his comprehension was somewhat slow. Therefore Ye Qingyu was very patient as he explained and directed him.

Bai Yuanxing listened extremely carefully.

Slowly he understood. What his master was teaching him,was a close combat killing technique using punches and kicks. And the most exquisite and profound point was that it would be able to use his body and spirit, to replace his eyes and see everything in the world.

As Ye Qingyu patiently explained, the time of a night quickly passed by.

A new day arrived.

Jin Ling'er had long gone to rest.

The dews of the morning dawn began to form on the bodies of Ye Qingyu and Bai Yuanxing.

The east skies began to exhibit the morning dawn.

What followed after was the shred of morning golden sunlight.

The golden sunlight of the new day shined on Bai Yuanxing's body. At that time, his heart and soul was moved, and he could sense the faint heat from the sunlight. Bai Yuanxing suddenly felt that he had grasped something, his heart completely clear.

He comprehended ----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

