Chapter 273:


A figure charged towards madly towards the arena.

He was a young man around twenty years of age, with thick eyebrows and large eyes. His strength was not high, but he seemed to be completely berserk the instant he landed on the arena. He unsheathed the blade at his waist, charging towards Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu sidestepped, grabbing the back of the blade.

"And you are you?" Ye Qingyu questioned.

"Elder Gao was my benefactor." The young man did his utmost to free the blade, but it was like ti was embedded in Ye Qingyu's hands. He roared: "Butcher, I will fight to the death with you today. Even if I die, I need to take vengeance for elder Gao."

Since he could not free the blade, he activated his inner yuan. His body became bloated, evidently wanting to self destruct.

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu calmly nodded his head. "So it was like this. Since it's like so, then I'll send you to see Gao Han.”

As these words were said.

The coldness in his hand exploded. Ice crystals followed along the blade. It completely froze the young man along with the blade solid, like he had became a sparking ice sculpture. The rage of the young man could still be clearly seen in the face of the sculpture.

Ye Qingyu pushed out with his hand.

Splash!

The ice sculpture landed into Bright Moon Lake.

He did not hesitate in the slightest, showing no mercy.

"If there is anyone else, then come."

Ye Qingyu expression was calm.

"Scum!"

"To think you would really dare kill him.”

"You killed the Emptiness Monk and the Poison king, I respect your strength. But Elder Gao Han and brother Lin Jing were both good people, you....to think you would really kill them. I was mistaken, you are a butcher, a mad and deranged butcher....."

The curses were like a flood that rose from all directions.

Figures flickered.。

Another several figures rushed towards the arena.

"Haha, to think there really would be people who doesn't fear death." Ye Qingyu shook his head with a smile.

"So what if we die? Justice still exists in this vast world. Butcher Ye, I, Zhang Xianlin was once saved by Elder Gao Han. How can I be afraid for my life at this time. Let me see, whether your ice, can freeze the boiling blood in my chest." The leading man wit ha head of messy hair, held a magistrate brush with both his hands that was the size of a child's arm. He charged over, like an enraged lion.

"That's right, Tie Zhan, I am willing to sacrifice myself. I will make a butcher like you know, that although the people of the Jianghu originates from a common background, we cannot be pushed around." A young man with a somewhat elegant appearance had a completely red face, holding a metal breaking bone fan. He charged forward.

"Hahaha, the Three ghost of Bitter river will also seek Marquis Ye’s guidance. Although elder Gao did not save our lives, but he taught us some martial arts. A master for a day, a father for life. To avenge our father, what's wrong with giving our lives to this cause?"

Another three figures charged forward.

The weapons that the three used was snowy white translucent fishbones that flickered with a white light. It should be the corpse that some sort of aquatic species. From afar it seemed some what beautiful. The fishbone was extremely charp, with lots of protruding thorns. When it was swung about, there was the sound of fish leaping out of the water, extremely strange.

"Fine, fine, fine. Since you all don't fear death, then I'll send you to see Gao Han."

Ye Qingyu laughed.

Countless ice crystals exploded from within his body.

Frost and snow spread about everywhere. Like an avalanche, it completely enveloped the whole arena.

Even Gao Han was not Ye Qingyu's opponent. Although these people had a heart full of passion, they could not overcome the difference in strength. When Ye Qingyu's power of sixty Spirit springs completely exploded, a terrifying cold frost spread about everywhere. The water of the Bright Moon Lake a hundred metres surrounding Water Ray arena, completely and instantly froze into ice.

When the white vapour passed away, the ice around the surroundings of the Water Ray aren disappeared.

The mist on the arena also gradually dispersed.

Five figures, had once again turned into five sculptures.

They maintained their charging positions, their expressions filled with rage. The weapons in their hand were still in mid motion, but they could not advance in the slightest, frozen in their original positions.

"Seeing your hearts full of passion, I'll leave you an intact corpse. Go see Gao Han."

Ye Qingyu killed people like cutting grass. His expression did not change in the slightest. With a slight push of his palm, five sculptures went flying out into the Bright Moon Lake.

"Who is not convinced, we can continue."

He stood on the arena, as if he had just done something insignificant.

At this time, everyone had already stood up on the surroundings of the Bright Moon Lake. There were rage written on everyone's faces, curses and accusation constantly being uttered. The crowd was incited. First it was Zhang Xianlin, then Tie Zhan, then the Three ghost of Bitter river. It had completley lit up the fire and anger in people's hearts. Ye Qingyu's attitude that seemed as if he had just plucked out five strands of grass, the emotionlessness he had towards the life of Jianghu people, made countless people of the sects distressed.

"But......but.......but......senior brother Ye cannot just stand there and let they kill him." Song Qingluo's little hand that was as white as jade was clenching so tightly that her joints had gone white. In a low voice, "This is an arena of life and death. Once you enter the arena, you accept all consequences. That was said at the very beginning....."

The young girl lowered her heart, her voice so low that only she herself could hear it.

In reality, even Song Qingluo's heart had began to waver. Being able to be the best and be famed across the world was naturally the best, but if you were able to take kill less innocent people than that would naturally be .....

In that instant, when the young girl lifted her head to stare at the youth that donned clothes as white as jade, and a elegance like a deity, she suddenly felt a little far away from him.

"Marquis naturally has his own reason for doing things. it is not something we can question."

Dugu Dixiu opened his mouth to speak.

There was a brightness in Song Qingluo's eyes that flickered, but then quickly dimmed down.

Dugu Dixiu shook his head with a bitter smile. In truth, even he could not understand what was happening. Just what was his young sworn grandfather doing, could it be that he really wanted to use this arena and use killing to stop killing. He wanted to kill so many people that they feared him, to create a name that would cause people's faces to go pale at the mere mention of it?

Dugu Dixiu had a hedonistic nature, he did not have any ambition whatsoever. He liked to play and enjoy himself, but he was not stupid.

In fact, he was very, very clever.

After experiencing the cruel maneuvers of power and merciless tests in such a large financial organisation, he understood better than everyone, that only the most simple and brutal methods of experts, were the most effective methods. He had seen far too many people die. The death of people like Zhang Xianlin, Tie Zhan did not have any impact towards him. Even the death of the famous Gao Han was not something noticeable to him.

in the eyes of this high and noble noble young master, those so called experts of the Jianghu, were fundamentallt not any different from vagabonds. If they died, they died. After all, in this world, there was people dying every day, every minute, every second. Even those great and important people who they could not touch at all, had a possibility of dying at any moment.

But what Dugu Dixiu did not understand was, just what could his sworn grandfather obtain in this massacre of the arena.

In the Xian Pavilion.

The conversations that were hidden in the dark, did not stop.

“He is definitely a character. To even kill Gao Han as easily as that. His mercilessness, is really unexpected.”

"Hoho, his martial heart is the Asura Killing Martial path. In the arena of Life and Death, he would naturally not show mercy. Is this not what we wanted to see?"

"That's right. Even if he survives today, his future in the army will be broken. The Empire will not allow a person with such a dark personality rise in the ranks. There will another be a killing mad demon in the Jianghu. Hahaha, perhaps we can even put him to use in the future."

"The nature of this child is unreasonable. He can only die, he cannot live."

"Since we're on the subject, the Youyan army is rather pitiful. First it was Yan Buhui, who went to join the demon race. Now, it was so hard for an exceptional person to emerge, but history is going to repeat itself. Haha."

"Everything, was within our plans."

"Are the matters over there completed?"

"I received a report just now, everything is done."

"Hehe, then that's good. The net has already been cast everywhere, we only need to wait till Ye Qingyu this mud sloach enters the net. The Youyan army is already defeated, even their morale is about to collapse."

"There is still Lu Zhaoge there. We must not be careless."”

"Lu Zhaoge? Haha, do you not know, he is heavily injured. He is like a mud Bodhisattva crossing the river, he most likely cannot save himself?"

"We cannot be careless, who knows if his injuries are already on the path of recovery.“

“Recovery? How is this possible? The Right Minister sent out news, that the Black Lotus Flae has still not been delived to theYouyan Pass. Did you not see what he looked like when he appeared today? Mist covered his face, so his true face could not be seen at all? Furthermore, he did not accept a disciple for tens of years, but today he announced to the world that he was pass on all that he knows. Haha, there is too much information contained within these actions."

"You mean.....Could it be that Lu Zhaoge is already not long for the world, and is taking care of the affairs after his death?"

"Largely so."

"Then even Heavens itself is helping us."

"Hahaha!"

"Hoho!"

……

Bright Moon Lake, on the Water Ray arena.。

"There's no one that wants to enter the arena of their own initiative?"

Ye Qingyu's gaze was calm

He smiled: "Since there is no one who is willing to come up, then I will start naming people.....Zhao Chuan of the Dragon tiger sect, please come here to do battle.”

His voice was clear, like the beating of a drum that spread about everywhere.

The main seating area of the Dragon Tiger sect.

A middle aged man that seemed about thirty years old expression rapidly changed.

He was Zhao Chuan.

【The Tiger with bloody eyes】, Zhao Chuan, was one of the elders of the Dragon tiger sect. He had become famous thirty years ago. These years, because of his Shizhi, Zhao Shanhe rising in position and power, he had also received significant benefits from this. As one of the main figures in the Zhao Shanhe faction, the influence he had over Jianghu had risen sharply.

A month ago, Zhao Chuan had arrived in Youyan pass.

He did not expose his face very often, and did not participate in the chaos of Youyan pass.

The first person that Ye Qingyu challenged was Zhao Chuan, this was something outside of everyone's expectations.

Countless gazes gathered on Zhao Chuan's face

Zhao Chuan's figure froze, subconsciously retreating. But ultimately, he stood up.

Only he knew in his own heart why Ye Qingyu had challenged him first.

This matter, were not within their plans.

The power that Ye Qingyu demonstrated made him fear. When they were comparing power, his fame was great and glorious in the Jianghu. But his true power, could not be compared to [The fisherman of Han River] at all. Gao Han was only not famous because he had retired and hidden himself. But in true battle, Zhao Chuan could not even last four rounds against Gao Han.

Since even Gao Han was not Ye Qingyu's opponent, if he entered the arena, he would definitely die.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 274:


But in such an event, under the gaze of countless Jianghu people, if he retreated, then he would become the laughing stock of the entire Jianghu of Snow Empire.

But if he stepped forward....

Zhao Chuan thought about the ice sculptures that had sunk to the bottom of Bright Moon Lake. His heart shivered.

He did not want to become another member of the icy corpses.

While he was extremely conflicted, he subconsciously looked towards the main seating area of the Xian Pavilion.

But within the Xian Pavilion, the muscular figure who was currently enjoying the female attendant massaging his back, had a calm gaze as he stared towards the Bright Moon Lake. It was as if he did not notice at all. The cold expression on his face, did not change.

Zhao Chuan's heart plummeted.

"Zhao Chuan, come and do battle." Ye Qingyu's voice, sounded out once again.

Everyone's gazes, gathered on Zhao Chuan.

Those Jianghu people who were all furious, turned their expectant gazes towards the elder of the Dragon tiger sect who had been long famous. The Dragon tiger sect was part of the top sects, and had a revered position. Zhao Chuan was an elder, so his status was great. Those Jianghu people who did not know the truth, really expected this elder of the Dragon tiger sect had the ability to kill the scum.

Zhao Chuan bitterly laughed in his heart.

He knew, he could not avoid this.

If he did not answer the call, it did not matter to him if he lost his fame. But once he became a laughing stock, the sect rules of the Dragon Tiger sect would not allow him to go unpunished. At that time, the [Tiger Saint Child], Zhao Shanhe, would absolutely not let him go.

It was death either way.

At least if he died on the arena, his wife and son would receive benign treatment.

"Haha...." He tragically laughed, thinking of the things he did recently. Everyone of his actions were devoid of conscience. Furthermore, it was not just recently. Ever since he joined the side of Zhao Shanhe, he sunk deeper and deeper, step by step. Perhaps there really was such a thing as karma. His retribution had finally arrived.

"Fine, Ye Qingyu, I'll come meet you."

Zhao Chuan let out a shout, his figure rising, his footwork like shadow and light, extremely elegant. It was namely one of the treasured techniques of the Dragon Tiger sect, [Tiger Leap]. With one flash, he was already at the arena.

There were shouts and cheers erupting from the surroundings.

Such a footwork, cause a glimmer of hope to appear in many Jianghu disciples eyes. They all became expectant.

"Marquis Ye, please!"

Zhao Chuan took a stance, both his hands curving slightly like a tier's paw, lowering his body. The ferociousness of a tiger exploded from him, as if he was an ancient beast that emitted their might. His aura shot to the heavens ,demonstrating his strength fully.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

The Dragon tiger sect was able to become one of the top six sects because it had some definite advantages. They were different from the cultivators who were not tied down to a place like Gao Han. Although Zhao Chuan's power was far lower than Gao Han, but the aura he emitted seemed vast and great. The meaning behind the Dragon tiger sect’s motto was clear: "Strict and serious, no need for an edge for a heavy sword " The fame of the Dragon tiger sect had always been decent. Their martial way had always been the straightest and most fundamental path. The Dragon faction and the Tiger faction opposed and relied on each other at the same time, they were the the sect with the least flashy and fundamental moves.

For Zhao Chuan to be able to cultivate in such an fundamental and basic martial path to such an extent, his talent must be exceptional and it seemed that his personality was not naturally bad.

It was a pity...

“Originally a good person, why have you become scum." Ye Qingyu sighed.

Zhao Chuan bitterly smiled: "Matters are not for you to decide when you are in the JIanghu."

"I will not show mercy." Within Ye Qingyu's palm, a cold qi gradually began to be gathered, his yuan power activated fully. He did not have the slightest intention of underestimating his opponent.

"Hahaha, to think my last battle would be with a prodigy of the younger generation like Marquis Ye." There were countless thoughts flashing by Zhao Chuan's heart, his will becoming unprecedentedly determined. In his heart, there was only the Martial Way, his will to do battle exploding. With a laugh, he became much more calm and undisturbed.

The sounds stopped.

A roar filled with the heavens.

Zhao Chuan had completely transformed into an ancient tiger, the might of the tiger soaring to the heavens.

"Come!"

There was a shred of respect in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

Battle, instantly exploded.

But it was only that, this battle did not persist for too long a time.

Zhao Chuan's strength could not be compared to Gao Han. Even if his battle will exploded at the last moment, and he risked everything he had, he had done too many immoral things in these years. It had long silently affected his martial heart, breaking his mentality. If he had cultivated in the cultivation techniques of other sects, perhaps there would not be too great an effect, but the cultivation technique of the Dragon Tiger sect was the mainstream righteous cultivation technique. There was a massive consequence to his martial cultivation.

Ten breaths later, Zhao Chuan turned into an icy statue.

Ye Qingyu threw him from the arena.

Splash!

Water splashed everywhere.。

There was a spring chill on the air above the lake, the water as cold as ice. The splash of the water seemed to have touched the hearts of everywhere, causing the hearts of every disciple of the Jianghu nearby to rapidly cool down.

The white clothed youth who was called as a butcher, had killed ten people consecutively. However, on his white clothes, there was still not the barest hint of blood. It was still as white as snow.

There was still not too great a change on his expression. It was calm, as if he did not place any importance on the life of everyone.

"Wang Ping of the Deer cauldron sect, please come and do battle."

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth again, selecting a target.

The Wang Ping of the Deer cauldron sect, was also an famous expert. His fame was even higher than Zhao Chuan, and could be counted as one of the most trusted and important elders of the Deer cauldron sect. Fifty years ago, he was one of the young geniuses that shook the Snow Empire. The [Desolate Heaven Cauldron] in his hands was one of the famous Treasured tools coming from his sect. These years, his cultivation had become even more exquisite, and it was rumoured that it was possible he had already entered into the Bitter Sea stage.

There was a clamour around the Bright Moon Lake.

This time the commotion was even more evident than previously.

More and more people began to feel that this [Leaf of Youyan] was perhaps mad. To dare consecutively challenge the experts of the elder generation. Could it be that he really believed that his power was enough to trample all the experts here?

The seating area of the Deer cauldron sect.

Wang Ping stood up, a cold sneer on his face.

He was different from the Zhao Chuan who did not dare fight Ye Qingyu. Wang Ping had full confidence in his own strength.

"Since Marquis Ye has challenged me, it is my honour to fight."

Wang Ping chuckled grimly, taking step after step away from the seating area.

He came to the side of the Lake, and with a jump, he instantly appeared on the Water Ray arena.

This action, seemed to be infinitely more relaxed than Zhao Chuan’s.

"Marquis you are young and heroic, this really makes me impressed. It's only that when you compete in the Life and Death arena, swords and blades do not have eyes. If I injure marquis you...." Wang Ping had yellow coloured battle clothes on, with a long and slender body. He had a serious expression, but in his eys , there was faint mockery and disdain. There was slight mockery hidden within his words.

"This is the Life and Death arena, it will be up to the heaven to decide." Ye Qingyu did not wait for him to finish, interrupting him. "We decide life and death on the arena, there will be no grudges outside the arena."

"Good. If Marquis says this, then I can rest assured." Wang Ping faintly smiled. "To kill a martial genius of the Empire, is something that I really cannot bare to do. But your hands are already covered with the fresh blood of the people from the sects, I cannot help but obtain some sort of explanation for my Jianghu friends."

This speech was harsh and meaningful, like the clash of blade and swords.

There was cheers and shouts of encouragement coming from the side of the Bright Moon Lake.

The Jianghu disciples madly encouraged and clapped.

There was a killing intent flickering in Ye Qingyu's eyes."Compared to Zhao Chuan, a tumour like you, should be the person that dies over ten thousand times.....it's time for you to pay for the innocent lives you took on the Beheading demon platforms.”

"Haha, then I'll have to see whether Marquis you have such a power." Wang Ping lowered his voice, and said with mockery:"I've seen far too many so called geniuses, that ultimately became withered bones and soil on the ground. You are not the first, and you will definitely not be the last."

A yellow huge cauldron, began slowly appearing above his head.

Desolate Heaven Cauldron.

The famous treasured tool held by Wang Ping.

This time he had brought it out. The ancient cauldron swirled silently, the copper colour grimmered, as if it was the birth of the great Dao.

A vast power, slowly spread out from the Desolate Heaven Cauldron, copper light leaking out from the mouth of the cauldron. It was as if it was the blossoming of the Great Dao, slowly coming down. Spirit qi protected Wang Ping. It seemed somewhat unstable, but it was absolutely one of the strongest defences.

Cauldron, always had a special meaning since ancient times.

The Deer cauldron sect cultivated in cauldron techniques. It had one of the most basic offensive techniques, but in terms of defence, it was number one out of all the top sects.

Wang Ping calmly stood on the arena. The greatest reason for his confidence originated from this cauldron.

"Ye Qingyu, you have to pay for the people you have killed. Come and receive my attack.!"

He laughed, making gestures in his hand and the huge cauldron began moving like a massive mountain. It moved threateningly towards Ye Qingyu, as if it would come crush him.

"You won't be at peace till you're at the yellow river. There have been many heroes who has died under your [Desolate Heaven Cauldron]. I also have a cauldron, it is just right for clashing with Elder Wang.”

Ye Qingyu did not disguise the killing intent in his own eyes at all.

For people like Wang Ping, he would not show any hesitation even if he died a thousand times over.

With a thought, the [Heaven and Earth Copper cauldron] was summoned from the Spirit springs in his dantian. A copper ray of light shot out from its mouth, swirling along with the wind. In the blink of the eye, it was the size of a head. There was only a faint glimmer of colour, and it did not have the vast threatening aura of the [Desolate Heaven Cauldron].

After Ye Qingyu had used the [Sole Will of the Heaven and Earth cauldron], this cauldron had completely changed its appearance.

There was absolutely no one who would be able to recognise it was the Pill cauldron belonging to the Azure Phoenix Pill King, Chen Moyun.

"Haha, you've really overestimated your own strength. A broken cauldron, you dare call it a cauldron." Wang Ping laughed loudly. "I will definitely exterminate you today........tackle!"

The Desolate Heaven Cauldron came over like a gigantic grinder.

Ye Qingyu activated the [Sole Will of the Heaven and Earth cauldron], controlling the Cloud top cauldron so it met.

There seemed to be a great difference between the two.

Like a sesame striking against a grinder.

But----

Pak!

There was the sound of earth breaking.

The Desolate Heaven Cauldron that seemed invincible, in the instant it collided, collapsed like paper paste. One could clearly see that chaotic energy from the formation arrays breaking apart, then it was absorbed by the Heaven and Earth Copper cauldron....

Kacha, Kacha.

Along with the noise, the massive Desolate Heaven Cauldron broke apart like wood, falling into pieces to the ground.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 275:


What shattered in the pieces along with the cauldron, were the hearts of the numerous Sect disciples next to the Bright Moon Lake.

The [Desolate Heaven Cauldron] was extremely famous in Jianghu. Wang Ping’s authority and status was also extremely high within the top sects. In the eyes of many normal Jianghu disciples, Wang Ping was an existence akin to an immortal. His [Desolate Heaven Cauldron] had defeated many famed experts.

But for such a person, controlling such a cauldron, when he struck Ye Qingyu’s cauldron, it was like egg hitting a rock. It had shattered immediately.

Could it be that they were mistaken?

Countless people had the same thought at the same time, that they had witnessed something incorrectly. They could not help but rub their own eyes, continuing to look again.

However, even when they looked again, it was still the scene of the [Desolate Heaven Cauldron] breaking into pieces like wooden logs. Seeing countless pieces of the cauldron falling to the ground, seeing the look of shock and fear on Wang Ping's expression, seeking his body shaking and falling, his mouth opened wide, his face hideous and despairing as he retreated.......

An instant of collision was enough to determine victory in an instant.

Wang Ping's defeat, came even faster than Zhao Chuan’s.

This entire process seemed to happen in the spark of a flint. Before everyone around them could even react, a white frost like rage of the death god, had already covered Wang Ping's entire body. For a person who just lost their linked Treasured tool, the rebound effect from this was enough to make him heavily injured. Not being able to stop Ye Qingyu's continued offence, was normal.....

"I...I....."

Wang Ping opened his mouth wide. The moment the reaper arrived, his originally confident and mocking face, had a look of plea when he turned towards Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu looked towards him.

There was not the slightest hint that he would show mercy.

"Cough, cough.....Marquis, I....." Wang Ping struggled to say an entire phrase.

But Ye Qingyu's remained as merciless as he was at the start.

"In these tens of years, you should have been able to reach the Bitter Sea stage long ago, but you couldn't. Do you know why this is?" Ye Qingyu looked at him. "You've done so many immoral things, that your conscience is unsettled. Your martial heart cannot be complete, so naturally your strength cannot advance futher. You call yourself the righteous sects, but the things you did, will it cause you nightmares in your dream? On the bed, filled with cold sweat?"

Wang Ping had a fair of despair and hatred.

"You should have long died. The world is filled with tragedy, filled with injustice and rage, because there are too many people like you." Ye Qingyu came to Wang Ping's ear, saying lightly: "Go in peace, you won't be alone. Those who are plotting and scheming in Youyan pass, those who turned civilians into demons for their own use, those whose conscience has already turned bad, I will not let even one of them off. Soon, very soon, I will send them to meet with you down beneath.“

The sounds stopped.

Ka-cha.

The corpse shattered.

The revered elder of the Deer cauldron sect, perished just like that.

The [Heaven and Earth Copper cauldron] above Ye Qingyu's, automatically absorbed the pieces of the Desolate Heaven Cauldron inside it. Like eating something, in an instant, all the pieces were swallowed by the cauldron.

"En?"

Ye Qingyu was shocked.

This time he had utilised the [Heaven and Earth Copper cauldron] because when Wang Ping had brought out the Desolate Heaven Cauldron, the [Heaven and Earth Copper cauldron] who had always been slumbering in his Spirit springs, emitted a faint shred of consciousness. As if it was seeking to do battle.

Could it be that the [Heaven and Earth Copper cauldron] had always had the intention to absorb the Desolate Heaven Cauldron?

There seemed to be some strange connection between the two.

As Ye Qingyu pondered, he activated the [Sole Will of the Heaven and Earth cauldron] and absorbed the [Heaven and Earth Copper cauldron] back into his body as it transformed into a ray of light. It once again slumbered in his Spirit springs, being nourished by the clear Spirit water as it floated.

There was a contented feeling, like a child that had just eaten its fill, that emitted from the [Heaven and Earth Copper cauldron]. This was detected by Ye Qingyu.

Tool Spirit?

Could it be that there was a Tool Spirit that was not completely grown yet hidden within the [Heaven and Earth Copper cauldron]?

Ye Qingyu was stunned.

But everything could not be confirmed yet, he would have to slowly observe and see.

At this time, there were countless people speechless at the suroundings of the Bright Moonlake. This included the people of the Xian Pavilion, there were shock in al their faces. There were people who stood up, staring disbelieving at the Water Ray arena.

Zhao Chuan's death, was within reason.

Gao Han's defeat was outside their expectations but it would not make them feel pained.

But Wang Ping's death, truly and utterly shocked them.

The central experts of the top sects knew clearly just what kind of Treasured tool the Desolate Heaven Cauldron was,---this was a famed destructive weapon even before the Snow Empire had even been truly founded, when Heaven Wasteland domain was still in the age of sects. In the top fifty rankings of the Heaven Wasteland domain, it was a treasure enough to enter into the top twenty.

Wang Ping's fame, had partly belonged to the Desolate Heaven Cauldron.

For such a treasure, to be completely broken by Ye Qingyu's cauldron that was like a wooden toy.

The small cauldron that he produced, just what is it?

This was especially so for the experts of the Deer Cauldron sect. Seeing the small little cauldron, their eyes all glowed. They all used a cauldron as their tied cultivation tool, so they knew clearly the important of a good cauldron. If they were able to obtain the cauldron in Ye Qingyu's hands.....

In truth, this thought occured to not only the people of the Deer cauldron sect. Other experts of different sects also wanted to possess it.

To be able to destroy and crush a treasured tool like the Desolate Heaven Cauldron, just who would not want to obtain it?

Ever since the martial path of the human race had prospered, the competition for treasures of the world were cruel. There would always be a rule that never fell into disuse. As long as a reverent treasure was born, what followed soon after were bloody rivers and cruel killings.

There were some people who already had such intentions.

But Ye Qingyu still continued, still challenging people.

“Luo Sansheng of the Crepe Myrtle, come up and die."

The cold voice sounded out everywhere throughout the Bright Moon Lake. The hearts of the surrounding Jianghu people could not help but jump.。

It was unknown just when it occurred, what battle is was. But the bright and beautiful Bright Moon Lake seemed to have became dark and sinister. The golden coloured Water Ray was the same as a icy and cold executioners platform. What was illuminated by the sunlight was a graveyard. From the beginning, the cold and emotionless voice, was like the voice of a reaper announcing the next person.

Whoever was challenged, would die.

On the seating area of the Crepe Myrtle sect, the Luo Sansheng who was named stood up.

He had a sinister face on his face, but he was not surprised. He did not have anything to say to Ye Qingyu challengeging him, or any other expressions. He slowly walked out the seating area, walking above water, step by step to the Water Ray arena.

Countless gazes once again focused on the arena.

Song Qingluo also began nervously paying attention to the battle that was about to begin.

She looked towards the arena. The expert of the Crepe Myrtle said something to Ye Qingyu, holding a white coloured cloth in front of him. There was a strange faint smile that appeared on his face, then you could see Ye Qingyu's face that suddenly grew as red as a volcano erupting. It was the first time that she had seen such an incomparably angry expression from Ye Qingyu....

An incomparably terrifying power, began to exploded from the arena.

This violent and berserk power was like the rage of an avalanche or tsunami.

This elder of the Crepe Myrtle called Luo Sansheng, was like a status of sand in front of a explosive snowstorm. He instantly became a speck of snow. Under such an explosive power he disappeared like a wisp of smoke....

Song Qingluo's eyes opened wide.

The Dugu Dixiu by her side also had wides eyes.

As well as the leading expert of the Dugu financial organisation.

As well as the people of the sects surrounding Bright Moon Lake.

As well as the top level existences sitting in the main seating area of the Xian Pavilion.

Dugu Tianxin had his mouth gaping wide open as he looked towards the Water Ray arena.

He was from a merchant family, but he had practiced martial arts since he was small. Although he could not be said to be any martial prodigy, but under the nourishment of all sorts of Spirit herbs and pills, his cultivation speed was extremely quick. All those who had a grandfather called [The Pill God of Snow country], would eat many pills that aided one's cultivation. The reason he was not famed in the Jianghu was because he acted rarely, he had always relied on the guards of the family to solve matters.

But even so, he ws able to tell, just how terrifying the power that exploded from Ye Qingyu's body was.

Behind Dugu Tianxin, Dugu Quan squinted his eyes. His eyes beneath his snowy white eyebrows, had a strange light flickering in it.

Within the number one Xian Pavilion.

The successor of the War God, Ye Congyun's eyebrows raised. What he wanted to find out even more, was just what the elder of the Crepe Myrtle sect Luo Sansheng had said to Marquis Ye. Why would he become so violent and enraged? Even from afar, Ye Congyun could sense such emotions clearly and distinctly.

Such a feeling, was like the instant of rage a divine dragon emitted the instant it's inverted dragon scale was touched.

It was only that Ye Congyun did not see, at that instant, a little silver little dragon that sneakily left without any noise whatsoever through the water. It followed along the ground, and finally came to the shoulder of the [Painting Saint], Liu Yuqing without anyone noticing.

Everyone's gaze, was still attracted to that berserk and enraged figure on the Water Ray.

"Zhao Shanhe, Li Qiushui, scram up the arena."

Ye Qingyu's voice, held a killing intent that was filled with rage and fury.

This time the people he named, was the most excellent and prodigious successors of the Three Schools and Sects. They were the geniuses that sat in the Xian Pavillions. They were the names that younger generation of the Jianghu revered as deities in the last thirty years.

And he had named two of them at once.

Li Qiushui.

Zhao Shanhe.

These two, both of them was an unshakeable existence.

Had Ye Qingyu gone crazy?

Or could it be...

He really had a method, that could be used to defeat the two martial god like existence among the Jianghu's younger generation?

Such a possibility, was extremely low.

Within the Xian Pavilion.

Li Qiushui and Zhao Shanhe, stood up immediately at the same time.

With their status and position among the sects, to be named and challenged directly at the same time, was a huge humiliation. This was no different to slapping them directly in front of them on both sides of their face.

Li Qiushui eyebrows rose, a hand holding the bannister.

Within his body, there was the vibration of blades sounding out that sounded throughout the heavens. It caused the surrounding people to cover their ears, it was terrifying like the voice of a demon.

There was tiger stripes appearing on Zhao Shanhe's face, his face seeming like it was transforming into the head of a gigantic tiger.

Two great experts, were enraged.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 276:


“Ahhhhhhhhh..." A deadly growl like the roar of a tiger pouncing on its prety emitted from Zhao Shanhe's mouth. Faint shreds of amber yellow mist emitted from his body, as if there was fire encircling around his body.

The two beautiful female servants next to him were blown away by the tremor.

"The Tiger does not intent to hurt people, but people have the intention to slaughter the tiger." Zhao Shanhe's laughter was incomparably cold and sinister. "With my seniority, I don't want to descend to your level. Who would have thought just because I have not killed for a long time, people believed my claws have gone dull. It seems like in this world, there are some people with bad memories, forgetting the terror of being dominated by a tiger's might."

A vast and powerful energy, emitted from his body.

The surrounding people on the Bright Moon Lake, suddenly felt a pressure on their chest. It was as if a terrifying huge beast, was gazing down at them from the sky above. All the people in the Proud Sky Center had become the prey of this huge beast.

In another Xian Pavilion.

Li Qiushui slowly sat back into his seat.

There was a glimmer between his eyebrows. The light of blades would appear whenever he opened his eyes, like blades shooting through the air.

He was furious, but since the [Tiger Saint Child] Zhao Shanhe was preparing to act, he naturally would not also act. Even though he had been completely enraged, but as a famed expert among the Jianghu, as the young leader of the Crepe Myrtle sect, Li Qiushui loved his pride. He absolutely would not join forces with Zhao Shanhe to act against someone of the younger generation who had not even cultivated for a year.

A suffocating atmosphere began to spread throughout the entire Proud Sky Center.

Today was only the first day of the Proud Sky Center being opened, but there were already such crazy battles occurring in the Water Ray. This was outside of everyone’s expectations. Ye Qingyu's loud shout was like rumbling thunder that spread in all directions. Even the people outside the Proud Sky Center, would be able to hear it.

At this time, there were countless people climbing the walls and the trees or standing on structures far away, trying to see the arena.

"Stop saying useless words, scram up here and die."

There was a radiance around Ye Qingyu's body, the White Horse armour appearing.

The [Little Shang sword] was in his hands, the cold glimmer of light shining.

Only an instant passed, but all the reflective light was gone from Bright Moon Lake. There was a blood-coloured frost that appeared on Bright Moon Lake and the snow white frost rose to the air. The sky that was originally clear began to be enshrouded by mist, a seeping cold entering the bones of everyone. At the sides of Bright Moon Lake, countless people madly scrambled backwards. This cold was like blades. Even martial artists at the Spirit spring level could hardly resist.

There were several disciples that retreated slightly. The armour on their bodies touched the frost, and with a faint movement, the armour instantly turned into powder.

“This cold is too terrifying."

"This… a power belonging to the ice attribute, how can it be this horrifying?"

"Retreat, quickly retreat."

There were people screaming in panic.

There was chaos all around the lake.

Large volumes of snow began to descend from the air.

Time seemed to have returned to the depths of winter.

Amidst the snow, Song Qingluo and Dugu Dixiu gradually retreated under the protection of the experts of their family.

When such a terrifying frost exploded, it was like winter had descended hundreds of meters around Bright Moon Lake. The wind was like icy blades, even experts at the twenty or thirty Spirit springs stage could not bear it easily, having to activate their yuan power to resist. For people like Song Qingluo and Dugu Dixiu, this was even worse.

There was a flicker of fear and respect in Song Jiannan’s eyes.

He could not imagine, that such an expert, was being pushed around by the forces of those noble students a year ago in White Deer Academy. And four years previous to that, everyone in Deer City thought this youth was a retard, an idiot. Those who had once mocked him, if they saw such a scene, would their knees go weak in fright?

Song Jiannan had long known Ye Qingyu's position within Youyan pass.

He knew why he was able to enter into the Proud Sky Center.

Apart from being stunned, this intelligent merchant realized that the opportunity of the Song family had arrived.

But he did not make a decision immediately.

After carefully hearing and investigating everything about Ye Qingyu in the city, he still had not decided. That's why he did not rush to see Ye Qingyu. As a successful merchant, he knew he must obtain the greatest value from his investment.

But seeing everything right now, it made Song Jiannan somewhat hesitant again.

He originally wanted to invest in Ye Qingyu.

But right now, he was not sure whether this young Marquis would be able to survive in this arena.

With Ye Qingyu's domineering attitude and methods that did not pay attention to social niceties at all, it made Song Jiannan even more uncertain.

"Let's wait and see.Wait, and observe more..."

Song Jiannan convinced himself.

At this time, his gaze unconsciously diverted. He was able to see a figure at the frozen shore that he thought was somewhat familiar. Focusing, his heart suddenly trembled, cold sweat erupting from all around his body.

It was her?

She would dare come here?

Song Jiannan quickly looked away, not daring to stare directly. But from the corner of his eyes, he continued to evaluate. The more he evaluated, the more afraid he became.

……

The [Tiger Saint Child] Zhao Shanhe ultimately entered the arena.

The aura he emitted was like a gigantic ancient mountain rage. The light of his yuan power was like the stripes on a tiger, flickering in the air. The tiger striped light was hundreds of meters tall, enveloping the entire Bright Moon Lake within it's light, not to mention the Water Ray arena.

There were fifty silver dragons encircling around Ye Qingyu, with the roar of dragons sounding from him. The snowy silver white glimmer he gave off was like a display of fireworks, creating a one meter protective barrier that resisted against Zhao Shanhe's pressure.

Within the air, snow fell.

"You believe that you are very strong. You believe that with your strength alone you can change everything. You are an arrogant idiot."

There was a strange splendour in Zhao Shanhe's gaze that ultimately transformed into a pale amber glimmer of a tiger's pupil. There was not any hint of human emotion within and even the surface of his body had tiger's fur faintly appearing. It was as if he really was going to transform into a mighty tiger.

It was rumoured that the cultivation technique of the Dragon Tiger sect, when it was cultivated to its absolute limit, one could revert, transforming to the primordial divine tiger of ancient times.

Especially if you had the ancient blood of the White Tiger. You could reawaken the memory hidden in your bloodline, exhibiting the splendour of the legendary divine beast.

Zhao Shanhe was known as the reincarnation of the tiger god. He did not possess the bloodline of the White Tiger. The specialities of his cultivation technique were more like a vicious ancient tiger. But his strength could not be underestimated. He was different from Zhao Chuan who studied in the twelve treasured techniques of the Tiger Sect. As the [Tiger Saint Child], Zhao Shanhe cultivated in the true Ancient Tiger Heart Sutra. Furthermore, it was one of the three ominous techniques of the ancient tiger way, the Vicious Tiger heart sutra. When his cultivation technique was activated, the atmosphere alone was enough to make one quake with fear.

Right now, the crowd at Bright Moon Lake could sense a shivering coldness, as well as a pressuring tiger aura that made them feel like targeted prey. There were people who had no guts and had already fainted, and there were even people that were even worse. There was the smell of piss that emitted between their two legs, shaming even their family...

At this time, one was able to tell the strength of the surrounding crowd.

Those whose expressions did not even change and stood one meter next to the side of the lake were all people who had fifty Spirit springs and above. After that, there were those above thirty and above twenty after even that. Those who were at the ten Spirit springs were no different from a normal person, standing hundreds of meters away. The large majority of those who endured and did not retreat were the disciples of the top sects, as well as the patriarchs and elders of the minor sects or perhaps there would occasionally be a loose cultivator.

Those who were weak and strong could be discerned in one glance.

“However you are wrong. A frog in the well like you who doesn't even know you are trash. Perhaps Lu Zhaoge and others would treat you as a treasure, but in my eyes," Zhao Shanhe's feet did not touch the ground, standing on the air. There was a strange emotion that did not belong to humans in his eyes, like emotionless holes of light, wanting to devour everything. He smirked, "In front of my eyes, you are no different to a stinky worm. I can crush you if I just stretch out my hand, but that would dirty my hand."

"Don't pretend to be superior in front of me here… where is he?" Ye Qingyu's gaze was like he was on fire. "Since you are so confident, why must you do such a sneaky thing, to kidnap my people?"

He threw out a piece of white cloth.

Previously, when he had kill Luo Sanxing of the Crepe Myrtle sect, he had taken a piece of white cloth from him.

This was a cloth ripped off of someone.

It belonged to the clothes of Bai Yuanxing.

Ye Qingyu was immediately familiar with the button on it. It was the standardized button of the White Horse tower, and was made from smooth jade. This was the uniform obtained from the Military Supply department that was passed on to the territory of the Patrolling sword envoy.

"Oh, the reason you are angry, was because of this?" Zhao Shanhe laughed. "It seems like I've really overestimated you… En, how should I put it. Because you are an eyesore. Because you ruined everyone's business and spoiled everyone's mood, we naturally had to find a place to vent our frustration. There's only one of you. It's not enough for everyone to kill. So we must therefore torture the people beside you. Perhaps this will improve other people's mood?"

"It seemed I still have overestimated you group of trash."

Ye Qingyu tightly clenched the [Little Shang sword].

Ever since he had heard about Ling'er and Bai Yuanxing being kidnapped from Luo Sanxing’s mouth, the rage that Ye Qingyu had forcibly suppressed finally completely exploded.

The despicableness of this group of Jianghu people had far exceeded his worst estimates.

"For you to care about those two trash and the little boy. How about this, you don't resist and let me leech your blood dry," Zhao Shanhe's tone was filled with mockery and disdain. The more angry the opponent got, the crazier he became. He liked to torture his opponents, and not only torture physically, he had to break them apart mentally.

After all, since everything was so pointless, why can’t he find something interesting according to his desires.

It was a pity there were not many interesting or special people around. Old Man Lu Zhaoge was about to go, otherwise he would not let him torture and humiliate the greatest genius the Youyan army had seen in the last twenty years till he broke apart. If this situation became what happened to that person twenty years ago, wouldn't that be even more interesting?

"I will save my own people." Ye Qingyu deeply breathed in.

In his body, yuan qi started madly fluctuating. In his dantian world, yuan qi after yuan qi spring soared to the skies, like pillars of light. He came closer step by step, his gaze like a sword. Word by word: he said, "After killing a rabid dog like you, only then will I be able to make other people fear. You had best hope they are fine, otherwise there will be a day I exterminate the Dragon Tiger sect.”

The sounds stopped.

[Soul Stealing Heaven Strike].

His sword in front of his chest, his figure like a ghost, Ye Qingyu acted first.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

