Chapter 745:


Chapter 763 - Rainbow Phoenix Blood


The Celestial Phoenix Maiden took a look at Ye Qingyu's arms without saying a word before turning to leave.

Wiping his mouth, the latter suddenly understood.

In chopping off Lu Li's arms after he sundered my arm bones, her intention was to retaliate on my behalf. An eye for an eye indeed.

The corners of his lips cocked upward slightly.

She still has a human side even though she is kind of cold and haughty. However, her way of dealing with people and things is like that of a five-year-old girl and doesn't quite go with her peerless strength.

Speaking of which, her strength is indeed scary.

It was during the earlier fight with Lu Li when Ye Qingyu saw the Celestial Phoenix Maiden display her skills for the first time. Her body turned into a rainbow-colored radiance which resembled the wings of a Phoenix soaring in the sky. It contained a might which seemed like it could destroy the world with ease and reminded Ye Qingyu of an old friend from years past - the female sword Immortal Wang Jianru, who gave him the same vibe that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden currently did.

One word...

Strong.

Ye Qingyu was well aware that he was not her match.

"Thank you for just now," the Celestial Phoenix Maiden casually said to Ye Qingyu with her eyes looking elsewhere as she kept the last few stalks of Phoenix blood herb she could see into a pocket.

She would normally have detected that long-plotted surprise attack, but did not because, for some unknown reason, she was uncharacteristically distracted and lost her chilly temperament during that moment.

Until now, she had not figured out what was going on.

"You're welcome," Ye Qingyu replied with a laugh. "I was just doing what I should. If you were killed, I would probably end up getting slaughtered by that guardian Saint of yours after I step out of the Door of Life."

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden did not say another word.

Lowering his head to look at the two arms that had been chopped off from Lu Li, he suddenly winced.

Black arms?

Both skin and bones?

"That can’t be right."
With an uncertain look on his face, he recalled that during the last fight, Lu Li's bones were no different from that of normal people, and as a human, this should not be the case even for severed arms.

Crouching down, he stared at and carefully examined one of the arms.

"They're completely corroded by Black Demon qi... That's weird, this shouldn't be a case of intoxication... Hmm, it looks like he cultivated some kind of technique or, should I say, fused some sort of powers. Could he have obtained an opportunity of the Black Demon Race?"
He did not know what really took place, but remembered that Lu Li was following the Third Prince of the Mizar Race rather than the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race.

If Lu Li has appeared, then where has Yang Wanqu gone?

And how about the Third Prince of the Mizar
Race
?

As he remained in doubt, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden walked over to him, bringing along a delicate orchid fragrance. Despite wearing a mask to go with her purple battle garments, there was a charming beauty about her, and thus Ye Qingyu could not help feeling a little uneasy that such a peerless female Heaven's pridling was, for the first time, barely a fist's distance away from him.

"Don't move," she uttered.

Grazing her right wrist using a left fingertip, a pale blood-colored line emerged, oozing a rainbow-colored jade bead which was gleaming and surpassingly beautiful. The faint smell of blood indicated that this was her blood.

Her blood was actually rainbow-colored.

She dripped the drop of rainbow-colored blood, which was as big as a thumb, on Ye Qingyu's broken arms.

Before the latter realized what she was doing, the drop of blood began to burn like a flame as soon as it permeated into his muscles and bones. However, it caused not a feeling of pain but a mild warmth instead. He then realized to his surprise that his broken arms were fixing up at a visibly rapid rate and showed no sign of fracture in a twinkling.

"Let's go." Having done this, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden turned and walked westward without saying anything else.

Ye Qingyu was stupefied for some time.

He only now understood that her blood had the effect of fixing bones, and could be called a precious medicine.

With some hesitation, he sealed the two arms on the ground slightly and kept them into the [Cloud Top Cauldron] so that he could examine them when there was time. He vaguely felt that they could be hiding some secret and might prove useful in the future.

He then followed closely behind the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

Having walked so far, she seemed to have acquired a sense of things and needed not to depend on Ye Qingyu for directions, and thus proceeded westward with firm conviction.

Ye Qingyu quietly observed the military medal and realized that it was growing ever hotter as they headed west, thereby indicating that they were probably moving in the correct direction.

He was aware that it would not be wise to separate from the Celestial Phoenix Maiden no matter what happened thereafter, for it was quite possible that Yang Wanqu and the others had experienced miraculous encounters of their own since Lu Li had one, and hence he would most likely be at an absolute disadvantage in a fight against them. Instead of him protecting the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, she now became the thigh which he had to hold on tightly to.

After walking for another thirty minutes or so.

As if they had shortened the road to an inch's length, and every step they took was several kilometers long, the duo swiftly arrived at a mountainside with relatively gentle terrain.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden revealed a hint of suspicion in her eyes and abruptly stopped walking.

Ye Qingyu, too, came to a stop at once.

"What's the matter?" He looked at her.

Without saying anything, the latter looked toward the front.

In front of them.

A thousand kilometers of fertile land overgrown with weeds.

The azure sky harmonized with the thousand kilometers of green grassland, forming a beautiful ecological scenery which possessed a vastness and openness that could accommodate all generations. It was simply fascinating and seemed to be the world's purest painting.

"Eh... is that... a tombstone?!"

At the corner of his eyes, Ye Qingyu suddenly saw a black tombstone standing upright on the boundless grassland in the distance.

Identical in size and shape to the one’s found  in the sea of tombstones seen earlier, it stood alone on an expanse of waterside grassland. Its gloomy and oppressive black color made it an aberration among the wonderland-like scenery all around.

What's a tombstone doing here?

Ye Qingyu recalled that he had not seen this strange type of tombstone since stepping on to the sea of hurricane lilies.

Feeling doubtful, he cautiously drew nearer to it.

The aura it discharged was not in any way ancient or terrifying, and was completely different to that of the tombstones in the ancient fieldgod city and the sea of tombstones. From afar, it looked more like a simple stele that was casually erected on the grassland.

He felt somewhat mystified.

Just then, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden walked toward the tombstone without prompting.

Ye Qingyu's heart jolted when he saw this.

Prior to this, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had been apathetic no matter what they ran into. She did not appear overly enraged when surprise attacked by Lu Li, nor did she take a second glance at the sea of black tombstones. It was thus curious that she would actively walk toward this tombstone in the distance.

Ye Qingyu cautiously followed behind.

In front of the black tombstone.

The duo stood rooted to the spot.

Staring fixedly at the tombstone.

Why, something seems to be amiss... Is this... a new grave?!

Ye Qingyu was slightly surprised.

He could clearly discern that the soil surrounding the tombstone was very loose and revealed a bunch of grass stems, and thus knew at first glance that it was only recently flipped. The feeling it gave them was that the tombstone was erected less than a day ago.

How is this possible?

Who is buried within?

By reason, a grave which appears in the plane of the Fiendgod Age should at least be hundreds of thousands of years old. How can there be a recently-buried grave? Could this be an expert who died after entering the Door of Life and was buried by companions?

This was the only plausible explanation.

It's a pity if yet another Immortal Step realm expert has indeed perished. A life of adventure ultimately unable to avoid ending upon the loess.

Ye Qingyu
sighed inwardly.

Just then.

An extremely weak and barely distinguishable divine sense poured out from below the tombstone.

Ye Qingyu was able to perceive it at once with his own keen divine sense.

He abruptly received a shock.

"This divine sense... why is it kinda familiar..."

He upped his vigilance instantly.

He immediately fixed his eyes on the tombstone with immense caution. After making on-the-go preparations, he used his divine sense to cover across swiftly.

The feeling became even more distinct.

Fine, hair-like, and cobweb-forming threads of divine sense emitted from beneath the tombstone fuzzily.

Is it possible that a living being is being held down inside the tombstone?

Ye Qingyu gulped a mouthful of air.

These wisps of divine sense show signs of life and couldn't have come from a lifeless thing.

There's a living person buried under this tombstone?

He found this a little hard to believe. Although these wisps of divine sense did not appear to contain murderous spirit, he was momentarily unable to discern what exactly was being suppressed underneath.

"Save... save me..."

Just then, from beneath the tombstone suddenly sounded a very feeble voice which could only be perceived using divine sense.

Ye Qingyu's body abruptly shuddered.

I've definitely heard this voice somewhere before!

And it's obviously speaking the common language of the Vast Thousand Domains.

Ye Qingyu could almost immediately confirm that the beseecher was one of the experts who entered the Door of Life at the same time as him.

But why is he buried alive?

Should I save him or not?

He turned his head to look at the Celestial Phoenix Maiden beside him.

However, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's gaze had already turned toward a different spot and contained a tinge of emptiness as if she was in a daze. She was actually not looking at the tombstone.

Ye Qingyu gnashed his teeth.

Heck, since I've definitely heard this voice before, let's just save the person first. I can't just leave him to die at this time. What's more, I can ask him about what happened later.

The events of today have been strange in every regard.

After doubly making sure he had not heard wrongly, he walked right up to the tombstone.

Placing both palms on it, he gave a forcible push, hoping to lift the tombstone off first.

But...

What's this?!

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 746:


Chapter 764 - A Parasol Tree


A look of astonishment showed on Ye Qingyu's face.

Although it was just a casual push he gave, it nevertheless contained a force of several million Newtons, yet the tombstone remained completely unmoved!

It was too odd.

How can such a small stone tablet be this heavy!

Unable to believe it, Ye Qingyu pushed once again.

This time, he really used force.

What's happening?!

The tombstone remained standing, as steady as a mountain.

Ye Qingyu felt like he was an ant trying to shake a tree during that moment.

He inspected the tombstone again but still did not feel that it contained any fiendgod power or even a strain of yuan qi. It was well and truly a normal tombstone.

I still don't believe it!

Trying once again, Ye Qingyu exerted all of his power to push the stone tablet.

But it simply did not budge an inch.

"Saveee... me!"

The feeble voice from beneath the tombstone continued to be heard intermittently.

Screw it!

True Will of the Sky Dragon!

Turning his palms into dragon claws, Ye Qingyu burst forth the greatest physical power possible to push the tombstone.

However...

Bam.

Amid the dull thud, the black tombstone remained as unmoved as a block of iron which had lodged here for ten thousand years.

"What's going on?" Ye Qingyu was utterly confounded.

Unconvinced, he subsequently tried various methods and angles several times, but the tombstone still remained steadfast and unshakeable, such that even the soil around it did not show any sign of caving in.

Since I can't push you open, I'll split you apart!

He immediately clenched his empty palm, causing the purple chaotic power of thunder and lightning to transform into an electric longsword which struck toward the tombstone.

Bam!

A huge blare rang out.

Sparks flew in every direction.

The tombstone trembled several times but showed no sign of cracking, as if it was a bulwark made from diamond and iron which had just been struck by an ordinary blunt weapon.

Ye Qingyu’s mouth gaped open.

The chaotic power of thunder and lightning, which was able to sunder the physical body of an Immortal Step realm expert in an instant, and which contained a legacy of the Lightning Emperor, had only managed to set off a few sparks on the tombstone!

Where are these rocks of a black-and-gray material from, and how can they be this heavy and sturdy?

"Saveee me... save me..."

The activity beneath the tombstone was tapering off.

Ye Qingyu turned his head and glanced at the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

She betrayed no intention of doing anything.

His divine sense immediately worked up and entered the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

The [Blood Drinker Sword], which was as huge as a door plank, was gleaming in a weak, blood-colored splendor as it floated in the cauldron. Just as Ye Qingyu was about to grab hold of and try using it, he suddenly saw that floating on the other side was the [Dragonblood halberd] resting in a dormant state.

Huh?

How did I forget about it?

The stretch of ruins on which the halberd had appeared was the most severely wrecked battlefield Ye Qingyu had passed by. All of its Fiendgod-age buildings and tombstones were pulverized, and were testament to the apocalyptic power of this sub-Emperor weapon.

Why not give it a shot first?

Ye Qingyu wanted to ascertain the might of the halberd.

He directly reached a hand out to grab hold of it.

"Time to try you out."

Being an ancestral weapon of the Dragonblood Dynasty, it remained uncertain whether Ye Qingyu could activate it.

Feeling doubtful, Ye Qingyu tried to inject a pinch of the power of thunder and lightning into the halberd.

A strange change abruptly broke out.

A burst of purple and golden radiance appeared on the body of the seemingly-dormant dragon, which was immediately awakened. At the same time, the blood-colored halberd emitted a bloody mist and erupted with an extremely terrifying power.

"Done... I've actually managed to activate this divine weapon. Hah!"

Ye Qingyu was ecstatic.

Rawrr!

As if it contained the might of a fiendgod, the roar of the dragon shook the heavens and caused one to feel mentally uneasy.

Bathed in a purple and golden halo, Ye Qingyu clenched the halberd and effortfully struck the tombstone.

Bam!

The tough-as-diamond-and-iron black tombstone was instantly crushed into stones that scattered all around the grave.

Next moment.

A haggard figure in tattered clothes whose body was badly mutilated and covered in bloodstain and dirt crawled out from the grave.

"It's... it's you!"

Ye Qingyu exclaimed in surprise.

He was still able to recognize the figure's identity from the aura and clothing material even though the latter was not only disheveled and stained all over but also facially disfigured.

It was the master of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect - Tian Huayu.

Ye Qingyu remembered that Tian Huayu was the first Immortal Step realm pinnacle expert who stood in the ring and entered the Door of Life using a spot of a guardian of the Sky Meteor Sect.

After crawling out of the grave with his hands and legs, Tian Huayu's breath was so thin that it seemed like it could soon be his last. He expended all of his remaining energy to crawl beside a broken tombstone which he then leaned on as he panted. The expression of agony on his face suggested that his body was constantly being tormented by some kind of power.

Ye Qingyu examined in detail.

He realized that Tian Huayu's body was covered all over in strange blackish-green marks to go with the bloodied flesh and dirt.

These marks appeared to be disclosed from beneath his skin rather than smeared onto it.

On closer look, it was found that the blood vessels throughout his limbs were bulging, and a blackish-green liquid was surging within them.

It appeared that a frightening power had corroded his vessels and yuan qi, causing his vitality to drop close to nil.

"It's the power of a curse."

There was a surprise and caution in the voice of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, who took a step back.

Ye Qingyu was astounded upon hearing this.

Those blackish-green marks are the power of a curse?

He had heard that anyone, even a quasi-emperor, whose body was afflicted with the power of a curse would be on a death timer. Moreover, this power was like a bone-corroding poisonous insect which would instantly infect nearby experts and cause sudden deaths.

"You... you're... human..."

While showing every sign that he was enduring great pain, Tian Huayu raised his head to look at Ye Qingyu and even revealed a feeble smile on his wretched face.

The latter nodded.

As if seeing hope, Tian Huayu suddenly channeled his remaining yuan qi into a heart vessel and then, with what seemed to be his last gasp, opened his mouth to speak words which sounded like that of an imploration.

"This is... the Sky Dragon token... The Ancient Sky Dragon Sect's.... master token... The Ancient Sky Dragon Domain has run out of resources... its laws have been worn out... its life cycle won't reach two thousand years... and when the time comes... all beings will face destruction... The former masters of my sect put in painstaking efforts to... impart their lifelong learnings... and only thus gave me the strength to enter the Door of Life... A million years ago, the quasi-emperor of my sect... entered the 18th district... but... disappeared together with... several precious treasures... Please use this master token to... find the Sky Dragon treasures and... bring them back to the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain to revitalize the sect... Seeing as we're... fellow humans... Save the people of... the domain... I... won't make it... Young man... I... beggg you... please..."

Tian Huanyu spoke brokenly with a face of beseechment.

A generational talent had fallen just like that.

Tightly grasping a dark iron token engraved with a totem of a dragon soaring into the sky, his consciousness was already somewhat muddled, but the depths of his eyes still revealed a hint of unresignedness and aggrievance.

In the contention for hegemony among the tenthousand  races of the myriad domains, the Human Race's downward trend was already old news.

As Ye Qingyu looked at the man who bore the destiny of an entire domain, he could not help thinking associatively about the circumstances of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, and thus felt a tinge of sympathy in his heart.

He reached his hand out to take the master token.

"Okay... I promise you."

His expression and tone were solemn and respectful.

"That... great... I've used up my vitality... I was afflicted... with the power of a curse... and will soon leave this place... My body will... bring the curse onto innocent people... so please also bury me here..."

Tian Huayu revealed a hint of relief.

His breath instantly waned.

He had managed to sustain himself on a single breath earlier on.

As a holder of Great Dao, his responsibilities were heavy and his road had been long.

He had borne the prosperity and decline of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, as well as the livelihoods of all beings in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, on his back since the day he was born. His time, however, was up before he had realized his aspirations, and thus his mental anguish way surpassed his physical pain.

Seeing that the young man had come all this way and even rescued him from the tombstone that pinned him down, he knew that the latter was of uncommon strength and opportunity, and hence believed that entrusting the latter with the destiny of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect would not be unaccountable to the hopes of his ancestors.

When Ye Qingyu saw that Tian Huayu had a dying divine sense and but a lingering breath of life, he hurriedly asked, "What exactly happened? Why were you afflicted with the power of a curse? Where are the others?"

"It's... it's..." Tian was practically sleep-talking in his muzzy consciousness. "Beware of... the Four Stars holy girl... she..."

As soon as he spoke.

Without exhaling a breath, the sect master's head tilted to one side as he moved onto another world.

What do you mean?

Who suppressed you under the tombstone and implanted the curse?

And what's with the Four Stars holy girl?

Ye Qingyu's head was filled with fog.

While he still had a stomachful of questions he had not managed to ask, Tian Huayu had already run out of vitality.

Two hours later.

Ye Qingyu's mind was still full of questions as he galloped forth.

Tian Huanyu was already peacefully lying six feet under.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden continued to hurry with great haste.

After they passed through the grassland, they arrived before a hill with a gentle slope and blooming wild flowers.

"We've arrived." The Celestial Phoenix Maiden paused her footsteps and spoke with a hint of delight and excitement.

"Ah? Arrived at what?" Ye Qingyu looked at the hill ahead.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden raised a finger and pointed.

Ye Qingyu looked toward the direction she pointed in.

"Eh, you mean... that... withered tree?"

He was somewhat unconvinced.

In the distance.

Among the large stretch of flourishing green stood a veteran tree of several hundred meters in height whose canopy covered the greater part of the hill and whose trunk needed a dozen-odd people to wrap around.

Exhibiting a whole universe of vicissitudes and heaviness, the veteran tree's bark was gloomy and dry-cracked while its leafless, dead branches spread obliquely like an extended iron arm.

Ever since entering this primeval plane of the Fiendgod Age, Ye Qingyu saw that the natural scenery all contained a spiritual essence and exuberant vitality.

Along the way, they had seen quite a number of towering, canopy-providing trees with luxuriant leaves.

However, the strange old tree in front of them was the first withered tree they had seen.

That's odd. If it's a withered tree, why does it contain a trace of vitality within it...

Ye Qingyu's divine sense had perceived a very weak vitality emanating from the withered tree.

He carefully scrutinized the tree and discovered that there were a few fingernail-sized buds on some thin branches at the top of the cone-shaped tree.

A withered tree can grow leaves?

This is certainly a rare sight.

Moreover, these small heart-shaped leaves were extremely pointed. With one glance, Ye Qingyu identified them as the leaves of a parasol tree.

There's actually a parasol tree here?

Along the way, Ye Qingyu had seen innumerable common and rare plant species, but this nearly-withered veteran tree was the first parasol tree he had seen.

At the same time, he saw a giant bird’s nest built using twigs and withered leaves on those budding branches.

This bird’s nest was as big as a typical human house, and was heavily concealed among the tree crotch. From afar, it looked like a messy heap of dead branches, each of which was of an extremely primitive metallic texture, as though they were metal bones that were deposited over a period of millions of years.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 747:


Chapter 765 - Phoenix Nirvana


Ye Qingyu seemed deep in thought as he looked at the old parasol tree and the giant nest.

He suddenly gained a little understanding of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's reason for coming here.

The Phoenix Parasol.

Legend had it that the Phoenixes were a divine bird species which came into being together with the fiendgods at the creation of the universe, and were considered to be the king of all birds. Meanwhile, parasol trees, which grew on hills facing the eastern sun, represented sanctity and elegance and were called the king of forest trees since ancient times.

Therefore, a Phoenix must fall on a parasol tree to attain nirvana.

In other words, Phoenixes could only attain nirvana and cultivate magical ability if they fall on a parasol tree with an ancient Phoenix nest. However, for millions of years, fiendgods had already died off and the universe had become contaminated, such that everything in the universe lost their purity and there was no longer the presence of Phoenix nests in the outside world.

This was the reason why although the later generations of the Phoenix Race were notably powerful and were, at present, one of the super forces in the Vast Thousand Domains, they could never produce a Quasi-emperor who possessed a Magical Great Dao.

The common people thus had no chance to see the strange sight of a Phoenix rising from the ashes.

Ye Qingyu had acquired an understanding of this because he had read about it in a few wooden scrolls which gave an account of the Fiendgod Age.

Is it possible that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden entered the 18th district all because of this parasol tree and its nest?

Has she... come to attain nirvana?

Ye Qingyu was enlightened.

Upon careful examination, he further discovered that although the parasol tree could not look more ordinary at first glance, it was actually distinct from typical parasol trees. The base of its trunk seemed withered while its bark was heavily mottled and ravined, and under the sun, it gave off a strange glow of metallic texture. It appeared so old that it must have been through tens of millions of years of petrifaction, just like a desert poplar forest, and seemed to have been growing here ever since the birth of this plane.

In addition, the Phoenix nest which hid atop its crown appeared even more peculiar. Although it seemed like a messy pile of withered branches, it possessed great aesthetic beauty. Each branch contained a strange golden luster and looked even older than the trunk, and thus was ostensibly not an ordinary branch.

It appeared that this parasol tree and Phoenix nest had been around for countless years and had experienced many vicissitudes.

Perhaps, using a million-year-old veteran tree and Phoenix nest to attain nirvana in such a primeval plane would have an even more magical effect than elsewhere.

The Phoenix Race must have sent the maiden into the Door of Life so as to find this parasol tree.

Ye Qingyu finally understood.

As he continued to look up and down the Phoenix nest with curious eyes, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had already walked under the parasol tree without prompting.

She raised her head slightly.

Beneath the Phoenix mask, there was piety in her eyes as she looked up at the Phoenix nest among the treetop.

Her fair and exquisite long neck emitted a jade-smooth sheen while on her golden mask circulated a faint layer of golden halo. Backdropped by her purple battle garments, she acquired an ever more otherworldly fairy-like spirit.

She kneeled down gently and prayed devoutly.

She then opened her mouth and chanted.

An ancient, pleasant voice which sounded like a long Phoenix cry, was issued from beneath the Phoenix mask. After sweeping across the hills, the entire land, and the sky, it finally arrived in front of the parasol tree.

Hoo loo loo!

A wind seemed to be blowing.

As if resurrected, the Phoenix Parasol emitted a joyous consciousness. Its withered branches swayed and rustled as the metallic glow on them became more vivid. In particular, the budding branches atop the tree emitted bouts of intimate and jubilant consciousness, much like the heartfelt sincerity of a mother who finally found her lost child.

Ye Qingyu was amazed like never before as he watched on.

His guess was indeed right.

The origin of this parasol tree was probably not simple.

Next moment.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden stood up.

She turned her head back to look at Ye Qingyu with eye beams as pure as a late-autumn mountain spring. It was to be a long while before she opened her mouth and exhaled an orchid-fragrant breath, saying, "Can I trust you?"

Smiling, Ye Qingyu nodded.

"Alright, then protect me for four hours."

Her voice remained chilly but was no longer indifferent and distant.

Subsequently, she flew up and floated adroitly in the air as her purple battle garments fluttered in the wind. Accompanied by the cheerful rustling noises of the parasol tree branches, she gently landed in the Phoenix nest on the treetop, resembling a transcendental fairy of ice-like clarity and jade-like pureness.

Ye Qingyu was a little dazed during that moment.

Atop the veteran tree.

After the purple-robed fairy sat down cross-legged in the Phoenix nest.

With her back facing Ye Qingyu, she took off the Phoenix mask she had been wearing along, then opened her palm to take the golden Phoenix, which had absorbed the world primeval power, and placed it on the nest.

A strange sight came into view instantly.

As soon as it was placed on the nest, the golden Phoenix turned into a ball of golden blazing flames which wrapped all around the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

Boom!

The golden flames swelled violently.

Strangely, although this mysterious ball of golden flames was blazing, it did not begin to burn the dead branches as regular flames would, and even the buds near to the nest showed no signs of being burned. It was as if these crazy flames which licked at their surroundings were actually a gentle breeze brushing past the branches and leaves.

Moreover, those budding branches were not only not scorched or withered by the golden flames, but even appeared to be showered by a timely rain. The buds on them thereafter grew insanely in numbers and bloomed rapidly.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden sat quietly in the midst of the golden flames.

Closing both eyes, she seemed as calm as having entered a trance, and began to chant some sort of battle song. The surrounding power of the world surged frenziedly and gathered onto the parasol tree while bringing along clouds of gas. Those purple battle garments were lifted by the momentum of fire and wind such that they began to flutter, accompanied by her long hair which could pass for a cascade of flowing light.

Shortly after, a scene that astonished Ye Qingyu even more appeared.

Bathed in golden flames, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's entire body gradually emitted an extremely gorgeous rainbow mist which was as sparkling and smooth as lapis, and which slowly condensed into a giant egg shape that wrapped around her body.

These flames raged on for slightly short of an hour.

They then died out gradually.

When Ye Qingyu looked carefully, he saw that the rainbow mist had condensed into a giant egg shape, which emitted an irresistible and extremely old power, and encapsulated the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

Flowing light gleamed.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden constantly disappeared and reappeared, and presented a strange, near-transparent form.

Below her, the ancient parasol tree, too, drew streams of power from the withered branches. Giving off a sacred radiance, it lifted up the giant egg in the Phoenix nest and allowed rays of splendor to continually surge into the giant egg.

Approximately thirty minutes later, the originally-faintly-transparent golden egg gradually became substantial, with its jade-like surface giving off a golden brilliance.

Underneath the parasol tree.

Ye Qingyu had fallen completely into a slump as he looked up at the giant egg and its chromatic flowing light.

This was the first time in his life witnessing the sight of a Phoenix attaining nirvana, something he thought only belonged in scrolls and records.

At the same time, he understood that these four hours could be considered the most perilous and critical time for the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

If she succeeded, she would attain a Great Dao.

If she failed, her future would be completely destroyed.

She actually thought it wise to entrust her safety during these four hours to me. Has she already forgotten how my arms were fractured by Lu Li's black claws?

But, given the situation, I guess she had no other choice but for me to protect her.

After walking below the parasol tree, he cautiously released his divine sense to observe the surroundings, with his expression grim like never before.

Although there was temporarily no movement of murderous spirit or breath of other experts within one hundred kilometers of them, he was certain that they were not alone in this seemingly-peaceful fiendgod plane.

Earlier on, Lu Li was but an appetizer to kick things off, while even more terrifying murderous spirits lurked nearby.

During the subsequent time.

Ye Qingyu's figure flickered non-stop.

He rapidly walked along a circumference of approximately one hundred kilometers around the parasol tree to set up a few defensive formations which could provide alerts and protection at critical moments.

While in the Heaven Wasteland Domain, he had learned to use several highly-protective formations from the [Fiendgod Titled Chart], and later on received a large number of rune records from the suspicious palace of the Formation Emperor Luoso. Although many of the recorded runes and formations could no longer be extensively used in the Vast Thousand Domains due to the great universal changes that had taken place, they could be operated very smoothly in this piece of the fiendgod world.

These formations would become even more powerful with the addition of the purest world yuan qi from the plane of the Fiendgod Age.

After examining every formation carefully one more time to ensure no errors, Ye Qingyu returned below the parasol tree and sat cross-legged.

His long hair fluttered in the wind while his clothes wobbled gently.

There was neither joy nor sorrow on his face, which was instead as solemn and mild as that of a meditating old monk.

He operated the nameless breathing technique.

He focused his attention and quietened his breath as he became one with his yuan qi.

His consciousness power dispersed and shrouded the Void all around him like a tide, instantly spreading out a hundred kilometers.

His release of consciousness power was, on one hand, to more acutely perceive any movement within a hundred kilometers, so as to prevent a surprise attack.

On the other hand, since he had the good fortune of coming to a plane of the Fiendgod Age, he naturally did not want to miss out on this excellent opportunity to comprehend the powers of laws of this world.

An Immortal Step realm martial expert must knock on the Immortal gate to become a Saint.

And the only way to knock on the Immortal gate was to comprehend the laws of the universe.

Only after grasping the hidden laws of the universe and adopting the purest wisp of Immortal qi among the laws would one be truly able to knock on the Immortal gate and become a Saint overnight.

At present, all things of the outside world were no longer pure, and the contamination was becoming more and more serious. Naturally, the powers of laws was thus becoming fuzzier as well. This undoubtedly made becoming a Saint more difficult for experts who wanted to knock on the Immortal gate.

However, in this primeval world of the Fiendgod Age, the powers of laws could not be any clearer and purer. With all of the connections and lines so close at hand, it was relatively a lot easier to understand the meaning within a strand of natural law.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 748:


Chapter 766 - Lightning Domain


Given Ye Qingyu's present yuan qi cultivation, his consciousness power was very robust even though he had yet to attain the pinnacle of the Immortal stage. He could already vaguely understand a little of the meaning of the universal laws, and being here in a primeval world, he naturally could comprehend things with twice the usual effectiveness.

Time flew by.

About an hour later.

Sitting quietly, Ye Qingyu abruptly opened his eyes.

The radiance in his eyes flashed across like stars.

As if his eye beams were torches, he vigilantly observed his surroundings.

It could not be quieter all around him, for there was not a sound of the wind blowing or the grass rustling.

A doubtful look appeared on his face as he muttered to himself, "Could I have sensed wrongly?"

Just a moment ago, he felt something not right about the surroundings, as if there was something nearby.

He slowly stood up and looked in the distance, still feeling unconvinced.

A hundred kilometers away.

The flora that swayed in the wind instantly became motionless.

Then the wind subsided.

It was terribly quiet all around.

Ye qingyu felt that something was amiss precisely because it was too quiet.

As if an invisible danger was approaching.

All of a sudden.

A barely perceptible ripple brushed like a wind past the Void.

In a twinkling.

A flood of murderous spirit.

An invisible energy which contained vast and horrifying power sundered the Void barriers. Then, surging with great vigor, it ripped the air into two like a hot knife through butter and arrived murderously.

The Void near the hill on which the parasol tree stood resembled a giant block of butter which had been cut apart by a sharp knife in an instant.

"This is bad!"

Ye Qingyu jolted violently.

A murderous spirit had finally come.

A piercingly cold qi burst out from all over his body.

In the meantime.

Directed by his divine consciousness, all of the defensive formations he had set up were activated.

Boom!

Several hundred purple beams of the power of thunder and lightning shot out from the surroundings and instantly spread all over the hill, then burst out bolts of purple lightning which were difficult to look straight at.

These bolts of lightning converged.

Becoming the very picture of a golden snake dancing wildly.

In no time, a giant dome-shaped protective shield which flickered beams of purple lightning and ancient golden formations safeguarded the parasol tree and Ye Qingyu within.

At the same time.

Throughout a circumference of several hundred kilometers.

All yuan qi in the area rose up and formed a mist which brought to mind a giant and violent wave before converging toward the purple lightning shield.

Bam!

A matchlessly powerful sword qi bombarded the lightning shield.

A powerful light burst out.

The area within a hundred kilometers trembled endlessly.

Bam!

The loud noise rang out once again

The protective shield which contained the chaotic power of thunder and lightning and primeval world yuan qi was instantly ruptured.

Like a piece of glass which was as fragile as thin ice meeting the assault of a sharp sword, it instantly shattered into countless invisible fragments.

Fortunately, the incoming power wore off thereafter.

Ye Qingyu's countenance changed dramatically.

I never thought the formation from the ;[Fiendgod Titled Chart], coupled with the consolidation provided by world yuan qi, would be instantly breached by that bout of sword qi!

The strength of the surprise attacker is evidently beyond the Immortal Step realm.

Could there be a Saint-level expert in this plane?

At this moment, a ripple appeared in the Void once more.

A smog-like black mist shrouded the hill in a twinkling.

Right after that, a black ape-like figure which was unusually large at several hundred meters tall emerged.

As fierce as a ghost, it was completely pitch black even on its face, and its five features had a savage cruelty about them with a gaze that was sinister and venomous.

It was... Lu Li!

Ye Qingyu was shocked once more.

He could recognize Lu Li's face with one look.

However, the latter's condition was very weird.

In the Void.

On Lu Li's incomparably large figure that resembled a giant apocalyptic ape, his broken arms had regrown and his entire body was wreathed in black flames as though he had grown a layer of black hair all over. His movements were abnormally ghost-like as he cut through the protective power along the way and swooped toward the parasol tree.

Stranger still was the extremely terrifying ball of black flames which wreathed his body and seemed to have come straight out of Hell.

The strange power and aura which erupted from his body was incomparably overbearing and heart-palpitating.

What's this about?!

The figure, aura, and cultivation were completely different from those of the Lu Li seen earlier.

Has he metamorphosized?

Ye Qingyu's hair stood on end.

During this same instant, Lu Li had already charged onto the hill.

He stared fixedly at the giant rainbow egg on the parasol tree with sinister eye beams that carried a hint of revenge.

He did not even take a glimpse at Ye Qingyu under the parasol tree, treating the latter as though completely non-existent.

"Zezezezeze... Bitch, you're destined to fall into my hands no matter what. I may not get to enjoy your physical body, but after eating your nirvana body, haha, I can in one day eliminate the unwanted force in my body and won't have to cultivate painstakingly any longer. I can even be reborn in a new mold and gain the primeval nirvana golden body of the Phoenix Race, while after the nine nirvanic transformations, I'll even acquire immortality. Hahaha, it must be Heaven that's helping me."

While fleering, Lu Li's voice was a little unclear and sounded like the friction of two pieces of rusted iron.

After metamorphosizing, his face became as terrifying as an enraged ape, with a black liquid flowing from it. Distorted and hideous like no other, it contained an unspeakable disgustingness and seemed exactly like that of a devil from Hell.

Ye Qingyu could clearly sense that Lu Li's aura was much stronger than during the surprise attack on the Celestial Phoenix Maiden earlier.

If Ye Qingyu did not guess wrong, the latter must have been secretly following them all this time.

When the Celestial Phoenix Maiden decided to attain nirvana, Lu Li finally found an opportunity to lay down his fears and declare his vengeful intentions. Moreover, from his words, it seemed that the golden egg which the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had turned into was called the nirvana body and was one of the most valuable treasures in the universe, possessing highly-coveted functions.

While weighing the situation inwardly, Ye Qingyu's expression did not show any change.

He was coming up with a response strategy.

Just then, lowering his head, Lu Li looked down and stared at Ye Qingyu as if staring at a bug. He suddenly grinned and said, "Little scoundrel, you ruined my plan and allowed that bitch to chop off my arms a while ago. Now, I'll take your life."

He took a step forth.

His enormous body caused the world to quake.

Laughing, Ye Qingyu took out the two small broken arms from his storage space and threw them on the ground several hundred meters away, "Feeling sorry about your broken arms? Haha, take them then. Who would've thought a promising talent of the magnificent Divine Sky Sect would make himself look this repugnant? Haha, I'm really dying of laughter."

"You're... courting death."

Fresh hatred piled onto the old as Lu Li looked at the pair of broken arms and felt taunted once more. Flying into a rage, his figure zipped with an astonishing agility that did not quite match his colossal size and instantly arrived  ten meters away from Ye Qingyu, from where he raised a leg and trampled toward the latter.

As if containing the fury of a demon king, the black and burning leg whipped up a tempest around it and compressed the nearby air until it exploded.

This massive and terrifying power was clearly beyond the pinnacle of the Immortal Step realm.

It was comparable to that of the Saint realm.

Lu Li was certainly that it was not an attack which Ye Qingyu could withstand.

Ye Qingyu's expression remained calm as he inhaled a long, long breath.

Standing on the spot without moving an inch, he appeared to have given up on resisting.

However, just as the giant leg was a meter away from trampling on his body, two beams of purple lightning streaked out from his sides and turned into a giant purple dragon formation shield which protected him safely within.

Boom!

The land trembled.

Above the shield, a dense cluster of complicated formations flickered crazily.

Though the shield was thinner than the width of two fingers, it easily withstood the apocalyptic burning black leg.

Boom-rum-rum.

A bewildered look appeared on that incomparably hideous black face of Lu Li's.

He had expected to trample on Ye Qingyu like squashing a smelly bug, but never imagined that a change like this would happen. Caught off guard, his massive body was pushed back three or four steps by the feedback force before he could steady himself, by which time he already left seven or eight giant footprints on the ground.

"How is this possible?"

He knew that even an Immortal Step realm pinnacle expert would have been pulverized by that leg of his, and thus did not expect someone who was a smelly bug in his eyes to so easily withstand it and nearly cause him to be sent flying.

Facing him.

"Dumbass."

There was an undisguised contempt and mischief on Ye Qingyu's face.

Streaks of purple lightning wreathed around him.

Endless streams of electric beams frenziedly circulated and shot out from not just around his body but also the places where he had laid down formations within a circumference of several tens of kilometers. Surging into the Void, they instantly turned the area within a hundred kilometers into a field of thunder and lightning formations.

These purple streaks of lightning unbridledly strangled toward Lu Li.

"Ah..."

Lu Li let out a scream.

Black mist vented from all over his body and his figure shrank rapidly.

"How can there be... this kind of power... it's not yours... Ah... how can you... nooo..." He growled insanely as he struggled. The power of thunder and lightning in the vicinity was dauntingly oppressive while the roars of purple divine dragons could be heard. A supreme virility continually acted against his figure, causing the enormous body to shrink from a height of more than one hundred meters to twenty meters in the same manner as a balloon leaking air.

"Hoho, I'd indeed not be your match if we're anywhere else but here..." Ye Qingyu guffawed. "I long knew that you'd be following, for how can a vindictive scumbag like you possibly give up? And so I set up a trap and waited, more afraid that you wouldn't come. But since you're here, I shall now bury you. Killing you doesn't count as a sin."

As soon as he spoke.

Using his hands, he continually created a series of technical handprints.

These were a few formation manipulation techniques which he had seen in the library books of the Formation Emperor Luoso's palace. Employing them in this primeval world turned out to be an unprecedentedly smooth experience.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu felt like an all-domineering deity who controlled everything.

Using the power inherited from Luoso, every universal condition turned in his favor, such that even a Saint who fell into this field of thunder and lightning could only wallow in hatred, let alone someone like Lu Li who had not truly managed to fuse his powers together.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

