Chapter 749:


Chapter 767 I'm Invincible


"Ah..."

Lu Li frenziedly struggled and bellowed like a trapped beast.

Countless beams of purple lightning, which resembled the chains used to hold a deity captive, suffused from all directions and held down Lu Li's twenty-meter-tall figure, such that he was unable to shift his footsteps no matter how he struggled. They then mercilessly pierced into his body, causing the black flames that had been burning around his body to turn into wisps of black mist and eventually become controlled by the virile lightning...

In the meantime.

Ye Qingyu's figure gradually floated upward.

His black hair fluttered as the streaks of purple lightning around him formed a pair of wings on his back. As if wearing the battle robes of a divine king, he gained an unprecedented vigor.

He was the all-domineering king within this field of thunder and lightning.

More than two hundred small ancient  fiendgod formations became exposed as they generated thunder and lightning within several tens of kilometers of the parasol tree. These were the Formation Emperor Luoso's primeval formations which Ye Qingyu had set up earlier.

Although small, they were personally written by the Formation Emperor after all, and so regardless of how shabbily Ye Qingyu arranged them, they would still have sufficient capability to kill a Saint. Besides, he possessed extremely high skill at using primeval fiendgod formations, and thus could shake the world as soon as he used them.

Each of these formations was only the size of a palm but possessed unpredictable might. They were arranged on the surface of the grasslands in the same way that stars were arranged in the cosmic Void.

"No, ah... I don't believe... you... scumbag... How can... master this kind of power... How... are you so strong?" Lu Li bellowed insanely and shrillingly as balls of black flame erupted from all over his body. Struggling, he yearned to break free of the purple lightning chains and charge over to kill Ye Qingyu.

However, these chains were overly frightening. Accompanied by the non-stop crackling out of the explosive noises of lightning shuttling through space which were melodiously splendid like no other, a cluster of at least several hundreds of thousands of lightning beams, each as thick as a fingernail, held Lu Li down and rendered him completely unable to move.

Ye Qingyu's gaze was ice-cold.

"When one acquires power that doesn't belong to them, they wouldn't know how to use it. When one's intentions are bad, they can only fall into the way of the evil demons... Thunder and lightning, disintegrate this evil demon for me!"

He continually employed a formation technique in his hands.

As one of the founders of the formation martial way, the Formation Emperor Luoso's method of gaining Dao was unique.

Among the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, the Lightning Emperor Qin Ming used his Heaven-defying resources to bear the weight of Heaven's will and master the laws of thunder and lightning, thereby becoming the first martial emperor of the Human Race. His method of gaining the Dao was the traditional method of the era of deities and demons. Instead, Luoso, whose martial talents were not as Heaven-defying as Qin Ming's, changed his destiny by using a formation techniques to gain the Dao. As the most prominent human wizard of all time, he was able to create something out of nothing, and single-handedly developed the way of formations to the fullest, himself becoming a pinnacle. Thereafter, myriad human geniuses of later generations took to the way of formations, but nobody could surpass him and bring it to the next level.

During the later generations, those people who attained a sliver of what the Formation Emperor had attained could already be called a master. However, these formation masters placed emphasis on functional applications such as formations, defenses, formational killings, concealments, and transmissions. Generally speaking, if a formation master - even one who would normally be able to contend with Saints - was to encounter a surprise attack unprepared, even a Heaven Ascension realms pinnacle expert would be able to kill them.

The technique Ye Qingyu employed was apparently not Luoso's formation technique, and was not limited to killing within a formation.

The formation handprint technique was one of Luoso's secret arts.

Legend had it that back then, while Luoso was fighting against his archenemy, he needed not to set up defensive or killing formations beforehand, and instead could activate an endless supply of formations just by casually drawing in the Void. With just a single thought, he could turn the world into an ocean of formations and blend his body into it, thereby becoming invincible.

The library which Ye Qingyu obtained from Luoso's palace mostly contained Luoso's early experiences but also mentioned the line of thinking of the formation techniques. Although these were elementary methods, they suited Ye Qingyu perfectly, allowing him to comprehend, fathom, and make progress as a beginner.

While in the palace, the million-year-old spirit had warned Ye Qingyu that Luoso's manuscripts were not relevant to the present and thus should not be blindly learned. Nevertheless, this did not quash Ye Qingyu's curiosity.

In reality, he had been secretly trying to comprehend those manuscripts after obtaining them. Unfortunately, he had neither the time nor opportunity to display these techniques.

However, having reverted to a plane of the Fiendgod Age here, it was the perfect time for him to unleash the shackles and display them to his heart's content.

He thus continually exerted the formation technique, producing a series of illusory handprints which drifted like lightning lotuses into the field of thunder and lightning.

An electric radiance burgeoned at once.

In accordance with Ye Qingyu's manifestation of the gestural technique, every lightning chain and ancient seal unleashed an unknown power, instantly causing Lu Li's body to "leak air" and shrink to a regular human size...

The wisps of black flame became controlled by the thunder and lightning, and thereby dissipated into the Void.

"Ahhh, no..." A sinister despair emerged on Lu Li's face.

As the final wisp of black flame was lost to the thunder and lightning, his body became completely no different from a normal human's. No longer was his skin pitch-black and his countenance strange, while the black hair on his body disappeared, returning him to his original appearance.

It was highly evident that the Black Demon qi in his body had been dispelled.

Those dissipated black flames contained an evil and strange aura which was similar to that of the tombstones' aura in the sea of tombstones.

Instead of dissipating, a fist-sized ball of black flame, confined by six of Ye Qingyu's formation handprints, was turned into a ball of light which landed in Ye Qingyu's hand and was then kept into the [Cloud Top Cauldron] for him to study and find out what kind of power it contained at a later time.

Meanwhile, as the last of his formation handprints shot forth, the sky of lightning streaks petered out and instantly disappeared. The surroundings once again became a sunny day of boundless beautiful scenery, with the only aberration being a lightning pillar shield which confined Lu Li within.

By this time, the strange power that he previously possessed had completely disappeared, while his bodily aura was only at the mid-level of the Immortal Step realm.

Evidently, the source of his earlier power was none other than those black flames, and the moment they were forced out of his body, he reverted to his original form and atrophied terribly.

The ferocity on his face had turned into fear and awe.

He looked disbelievingly at Ye Qingyu, completely flummoxed as to why this smelly bug was able to discharge such great power so suddenly, and wondered if Ye Qingyu had also obtained some heaven-defying opportunity in the 18th district.

A hint of greed flashed across his eyes at this moment.

However, he quickly hid his expression and forced out a stiff smile, saying, "I must admit that I've lost. This matter will go no further. I swear to never trouble you and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden ever again, so please let me go."

Ye Qingyu was speechless.

Does this fellow have dog shit for brains?

He actually wants me to let him off at this stage?

Does he think this was all a child's game?

"How did Tian Huayu, Priest Yu Sheng, and the rest die?" Ye Qingyu gradually descended beside the lightning pillar and asked across the streaks of lightning, "Where has the Four Stars holy girl gone? And the Third Prince of the Mizar Race as well. Tell me everything you know or I'll give you a jolly good time."

"What? Gimme a jolly good time? What you saying?" Lu Li's eyes widened on his disbelieving face. "You mean you want to kill me? You must be out of your mind, do you know who you're talking to? I'm one of the Divine Sky Sect's most outstanding disciples, you..."

"I shall give you three breaths of time. If you don't speak, I'll let you taste the feeling of ten thousand  streaks of lightning feasting on your body," Ye Qingyu interrupted, looking ice-cold.

He had discerned that this disciple of the Divine Sky Sect was dumb to a definite extent and was the kind of person who would long have been beaten up and dumped into the sewers if he was not shrouded in the halo of the Divine Sky Sect. It was truly a miracle that this kind of person was able to live until now and still go swaggering about.

"You... you're truly crazy, my father's the third law-enforcement elder of the Divine Sky Sect and an invincible Saint. If you kill me, the curse in my body will break and leave a brand on your body. My father will then find out about this and hunt you down no matter how far you run, and you'd soon much rather be dead. You... ahhh!"

Lu Li was both shocked and outraged.

This was the second time someone had dared to threaten him so crudely. The first person to talk like this to him was the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, and that was why he was so determined to kill her. However, while these words were still lingering in the air, Ye Qingyu had already callously worked up his power of thunder and lightning. Accompanied by ten thousand cracks of thunder, a series of purple lightning streaks bombarded Lu Li's body.

The next moment, the stench of bodily waste wafted.

Lu Li suffered incontinence even before a round of punishment was over, and was paralyzed within the lightning pillar. Squealing like pigs to a slaughter, the sinister and harsh look on his face turned into that of pain and imploration.

"I say... I say... stop now... ah..." Lying on the ground with his body bent into a shrimp's shape, he spewed saliva as he squealed pig-like.

Ye Qingyu stopped.

Lu Li's behavior time and again lowered his estimation of an Immortal Step realmexpert. It was truly hard for him to believe that someone like the former could cultivate to such a realm.

Lu Li gulped mouthfuls of breath.

"How dare you... you... do this to me... me... Those people were... plotted against by the Four Stars holy girl... I... the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect's Tian Huayu was... assassinated by me... because he... he..."

After the first round of torture, this elite disciple of the Divine Sky Sect lost all of his will and showed no further resistance, and thus let everything out of the bag.

"The Four Stars holy girl?" Ye Qingyu's heart turned cold.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 750:


Chapter 768 - This Woman's a Lunatic


The first time he heard this name was in the 16th district, where he heard people discussing how this woman had slaughtered a gang in the area. On the road that would follow, even on the Fierce Beast Peak, the feeling which the name gave him was not too good.

"Why did she want to kill them? And why did you want to kill Tian Huayu?" Ye Qingyu asked.

"I... killed Tian Huayu because I... knew... he has the key to find the secrets of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect... and so I snatched... The Four Stars holy girl killed those people... I... I don't know why... I..."

A face of imploration and flattery, Lu Li dared not be antagonistic anymore.

"I already said, let me off, I..." Like a dog whose backbone was broken, he did not show even a hint of his previous arrogance and malice.

However, while his words were still lingering...

Swish!

Murderous spirit emerged explosively.

A beam of silver sword light appeared from a kilometer away. Splitting the Void apart, it arrived as fast as flowing light.

Ye Qingyu's countenance changed abruptly.

As soon as he felt the terrifying power of the sword light, he pinched out several dozen runic handprints in succession and activated the surrounding Fiendgod formations to send forth lightning. Seizing the electric radiance with both of his hands, he instantly created a lightning shield in front of himself.

Boom!

The sword light sundered the shield.

All that Ye Qingyu felt was the onrush of a huge force which sent him flying at once. His body flipped several rounds in the Void and flew back several dozen meters before landing on the ground. Coughing, it took him more than ten steps before he was able to steady his balance.

Facing him.

Three figures gradually appeared in the Void and took a mere instant to arrive right in front of the lightning pillar which confined Lu Li.

The leader was a woman with a slender figure and bright, smooth skin, wearing a snow-white and completely stainless palace dress like that of the moon goddess. A silver veil covered her face, albeit her peerless beauty could be seen indistinctly. Her figure was exquisite and graceful, featuring a raised chest, long legs, and a slender waist on which was tied the sheath of a jade soft sword, and emanating an otherworldly and wavering aura from all over.

This was none other than the Four Stars holy girl.

To her right was a burly, handsome man in golden armor. On his face, which seemed to be made of ancient bronze, were long sword-like brows that slanted into the temples, while behind his back were two majestic-looking coiled-dragon golden spears. Though he looked like a revived ancient war god, he was actually the Third Prince of the Mizar Race.

Following closely behind this duo was Yang Wanqu of the Black Moon Divine Palace. His face was shrouded by a cloud of Black Demon qi and thus appeared dyed with ink, albeit wisps of blackish green mist could still be seen gushing from his mouth and nose. His aura had certainly changed a lot from the previous days.

"Fairy, save me, quick." Lu Li seemed as though he had seen his saviors when he saw the trio, and thus shrieked maniacally in his great delight.

The Four Stars holy girl did not speak.

She paid no attention to Lu Li.

Though the veiled face was indistinct, Ye Qingyu could clearly sense that this woman had her eyes on him, and that an invisible pressure was surging from her.

"What a powerful aura," Ye Qingyu was inwardly alarmed.

He felt the vigor of a Saint on her body and thought this odd. Even Lu Li's earlier body when the Black Demon qi had yet to dissipate was not nearly as vigorous as the veiled gaze of the holy girl.

"What an immense power of thunder and lightning. I never thought a young hero would once again appear in the Vast Thousand Domains, and advance the magical ability of thunder and lightning to such a level and stage," the Third Prince of the Mizar Race commented.

Wearing an impressive golden chainmail, he spoke in a tone that sounded like an ancient bronze bell. He carried a killing aura and a maxed-out virility, such that every word he uttered seemed to turn into flames in the Void.

Beneath the chainmail, his eyes stared fixedly at Ye Qingyu and burned with a scorching battle intent.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything in response.

"Fairy, save me..." Lu Li bellowed.

Just then, the holy girl finally turned her head and glanced briefly at Lu Li. Although her expression was unclear, one could vaguely feel that she was a little irritated and disdainful. Raising her hand, she slowly pressed her fair and tender fingers, which looked like freshly-peeled shallots, on the lightning pillar.

Pop!

A sound like that of a bubble bursting was heard.

The instant when those fingers made contact, the pillar splintered gently and turned into fragments of lightning which dissipated in the air.

"Thank you so much for my saving my life, thank you fairy." Overjoyed, Lu Li jumped out and repeatedly bowed in gratitude.

The Four Stars holy girl remained silent.

With a sinister and vicious glow in his eyes, Lu Li turned to look at Ye Qingyu, then pointed a hand at him and cursed, "Little bastard, I'll remember today's deed and will certainly give you days to cry about in the future. To let you understand what regret means, I'll personally kill everyone who's close to you. Heh heh, you'd better pray that I don't find out the identity  of your relatives and friends. I'll send every woman you know to the most degrading brothels..."

There was a flash in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

"The grass above the grave of the last person to threaten me like this is already more than ten feet high..." he plainly said as he looked at Lu Li without losing his temper.

"Haha, so funny. Little bastard, you really don't know..." Guffawing, Lu Li did not take Ye Qingyu's words seriously.

Ye Qingyu laughed along.

He pinched out a formation handprint with his dangling left hand before making a snapping sound.

A ball of purple flames suddenly spurted from Lu Li's mouth.

He continued to curse and threaten while being unaware of himself.

He only took notice after the ball of purple flames suffused and caused a purple radiance to swell in front of his eyes. While raising his hand to feel his face, he looked down and saw that the purple flames had become like maggots on his tarsals and were also burning on his palms..."

"I... You..." He only now realized that something was amiss. As his vision began to blur and became enveloped by a patch of purple lightning, he vaguely saw that, beside him, Yang Wanqu was looking at him with a strange and astounded expression.

He felt an unprecedented terror.

"I..." He spurted a mouthful of flames as soon as he opened his mouth.

The Four Stars holy girl also received a shock. She raised a hand to slap Lu Li's forehead, hoping to dispel this stream of the power of thunder and lightning, but before her palm landed, Lu Li's bones and muscles were incinerated. Shortly after, he collapsed like a sandcastle soaked in water, turning into a pile of muck.

Facing them.

Ye Qingyu said with a calm face, "As they say, one has to see the grim reality before one would give up. This scumbag has died well."

A fierce aura instantly burst out and pervaded from the holy girl's body.

The silver veil gently undulated.

She finally spoke up in a fuzzy and changeful voice that sounded like the ringing of a fairy bell and contained a tone of Great Dao, "I don't care who you are or which sect or school you're from. I'll give you two choices now. Submit to me and get out of the way, or... die."

Hearing these kind of words, Yang Wanqu's body shuddered.

He recalled some very frightening memories while looking from behind at the Four Stars holy girl as if she was a scary devil.

Instead, the Mizar Race's Third Prince gazed at the holy girl with deep respect and admiration. It was hard to imagine that this fiendgod-like man would be seen revealing this kind of expression.

Facing them.

Ye Qingyu laughed and plainly said, "Get out of the way? Why would you say that? This world is big enough for you and me to walk our own ways. Why the need to make way?"

"You've only met the Celestial Phoenix Maiden this once. Why sacrifice your life for a woman? Seeing as your formation talents are excellent, I'm willing to accept you as a slave. This is a huge opportunity and destiny for you that others won't even dare dream about. Young man, don't be foolish," the Four Stars holy girl's voice sounded like the preaching of a fairy queen, containing infinite temptation and acting directly upon one's soul.

She spoke in a matter-of-fact way.

Lightning radiance coiled around Ye Qingyu's body as a force of a Great Dao pervaded. Uninfluenced by her words, he laughed and said, "Woman, don't think too highly of yourself. There may be other people who are willing to serve you as a slave, but that's their problem. There has never been a lack of soft-backbone dogs in this world, but I'm not one of them."

"Are you really not going to make way?" The Four Stars holy girl's voice became ice-cold, "My patience has its limits, and if it wasn't because your formation techniques are rather interesting, I would've killed you a long time ago. Young man, don't you use that pitiful self-esteem of yours to challenge my depleting patience."

Ye Qingyu laughed mildly.

Perhaps he would have been enraged by her words and tone at the start, but by this time, he had already calmed down completely.

This was because he had already discerned that she was an utterly narcissistic and conceited person. When she said that others considered becoming her slave to be an incomparably glorious matter, it was not to talk herself up but because she truly believed it to go without saying.

How much self-confidence does one need to have to gain such a mentality?

To avoid getting entangled in this matter, he switched the topic, saying, "Are you trying to take advantage of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's perilous state to surprise attack her? As a fellow contemporary female Heaven's pridelingf, you should have a Great Dao-seeking heart, so why not wait for a face-to-face battle? Taking advantage of the opponent's nirvana training to surprise attack them isn't appropriate behavior for a Dao-pursuer. Even if you succeed, your Dao heart will be scarred and thus you'll lose more than you gain."

"You don't know,m" the Four Stars holy girl retorted plainly. "The Great Dao dwells in one out of ten million, and thus the chance of finding it is extremely remote. Since I have a Dao-pursuing heart, I must abandon all else. Right and wrong, good and evil, and honor and dishonor are meaningless to me. All I have to do is follow my heart and use any means to prevail among the myriad beings. In my pursuit of Dao, I just have to kill anyone who obstructs my path in any way possible."

She spoke these words assertively and loftily, keeping back nothing.

Ye Qingyu could feel how frightening this woman was after he finished listening.

It was not because of how powerful she was but because her Dao heart made no distinction between right and wrong nor good and evil, as if she had fallen into the path of the evil demon. This was what was most frightening. This type of person would do things without any inhibition and completely at will, and facing an enemy like this would absolutely be a nightmare.

This woman was a lunatic.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 751:


Chapter 769 - Yin Kaishan


"Son of a bitch, are you still not backing down after all that Her Highness Kai'en said? Can't you tell what's good for you and appreciate this kindness? Or are you courting death?"

Ye Qingyu laughed.

"As they say, the eunuch is impatient while the emperor isn't. To think a thing of such lowly moral quality like you would dare to bark over here." He looked at Yang Wanqu with an undisguised contempt as if looking at a dog, "It's such a disgrace to the Black Moon Divine Palace to have produced a nincompoop like you. You and Lu Li are cut from the same cloth and aren't anything good... Oh, I nearly forgot, this madwoman talked about taking in slaves, perhaps that suits a dogface like you, or maybe, you've already become one having been following behind her. A slave should be clear about his status. Do you really think you have a place to talk here?"

Yang Wanqu fumed upon hearing this.

Every word that Ye Qingyu had said was like a knife that jabbed into his heart.

As one of the successors of the Black Moon Divine Palace, which, although not as illustrious as the Divine Sky Sect, was nevertheless a large force in the Vast Thousand Domains, Yang Wanqu could be considered a prominent person among the younger generation of the Human Race. And though it was only because he had no choice that he became a slave, this matter was nevertheless a sore spot which he was unwilling to talk about. However, the consolation for him was that he obtained huge benefits by recognizing such a peerless demon-like talent as the Four Stars holy girl as his master. If his plan succeeded, his status would rise directly into the clouds and he would become even more prominent than the master of his sect, and thus he would have profited overall.

However, he was on the verge of exploding having been embarrassed so badly by Ye Qingyu.

"Mistress, let me slay this person," he offered as he respectfully saluted the holy girl.

Although he had seen Lu Li's demise, he had just obtained an inheritance of immense power and thus his confidence was at its peak. He would certainly have attacked earlier on if the holy girl was not present and he did not have to seek permission as her slave before taking action.

She pondered for a moment before finally nodding gently.

"Kill!"

Yang Wanqu instantly acted.

In a flash, his body turned into a cloud of black mist before flickering once more and arriving in front of Ye Qingyu. He was holding a crescent-shaped machete which was throbbing with captivating moonlight that multiplied in amount over time until the moon itself seemed to have descended and enveloped all of the vital parts on Ye Qingyu's body.

He had gone straight for the Black Moon Divine Palace's prized battle skill, the [Black Moon Faux Light Strike].

Ye Qingyu laughed softly.

Without evading, he raised both of his hands to turn them into myriad sky claws, which were wreathed by a purple electric radiance enchanted with lightning formations, and directly grabbed at the crescent-shaped machete.

Clang clang clang!

A chain of sparks sprayed from the Void.

A sound which seemed like a continuous series of metallic collisions dashed out from within.

"You..." Yang Wanqu was deeply shocked. He had used his newly-gained power to execute the battle skill of the Black Moon Divine Palace and did not hold anything back, all so that he could display his worth to his mistress. However, he did not expect his opponent to so easily catch hold of it and issue bursts of feedback force that nearly caused him to lose grip of his machete, and was thereby both shocked and enraged.

Ye Qingyu shook his head gently.

"Pity."

With the enchantment of the fiendgod formations within a hundred kilometers, the power of thunder and lightning on his body expanded severalfold and in turn enchanted his [True Will of the Sky Dragon], which was yet only on par with the Black Moon machete. This was not the result he had been hoping for.

The battle continued.

He practically stood on the spot exerting move after move to withstand Yang Wanqu's battle skill.

Yang Wanqu's figure turned into a ball of black flowing light that revolved around Ye Qingyu with a vigorous momentum like that of the raging billows of the Yangtze river, seeking to drown and pulverize the latter.

Thirty minutes passed by in the blink of an eye.

Both parties remained deadlocked.

In the distance.

On the face of the Mizar Race's Third Prince, who had been watching the battle from the Void, those sword brows were raised and a glimmer appeared. "Little Yu, that person is stalling for time, and we can't wait any longer... Actually, you should've seen from the get-go that Yang Wanqu isn't that person's match, so why let him fight?"

A meek laugh was heard from beneath the holy girl's veil. "Elder Brother Yin, your thoughts are always so simple. Yang Wanqu's talents are limited but his aspirations are high. Although he was forced by circumstance to become my pet, he's feeling upbeat having acquired the power of the evil ancestors, and thus it'll do him good to spar with this person as long as he doesn't die... By the way, have you discerned the discipleship and origin of this person?"

The only person who could address the Four Stars holy girl as Little Yu and talk to her in this kind of tone was the Mizar Race's Third Prince himself.

Similarly, the Four Stars holy girl's voice was only so gentle, amiable, and chirpy while talking to this prince. To anyone else, be it her teachers or elders, she always spoke frostily.

The prince shook his head, saying, "Strange, I can't tell. The depths of this person's strength cannot be seen clearly. Although his cultivation seems meager, there is a terrifying power lying dormant in his body. Plus, his manipulation of the power of thunder and lightning is astounding. I've never seen this kind formation handprint technique before, and read in the legends that only His Highness the Formation Emperor Luoso possessed it. Could it be that..."

"Are you saying that he could be a successor of His Highness the Formation Emperor Luoso?" There was a piercing chill in the holy girl's voice.

The prince nodded at first but then shook his head, saying, "That's possible... but no matter who he is, I'll get rid of him as long as he blocks your way. Plus, it's not a certainty that he's truly a successor of Luoso, and even so, so what? I'd fight for you even if Luoso personally comes."

This burly young man in golden armor spoke in a tone containing a heart-palpitating battle intent that burned and surged frenziedly, like an invincible demon war god whose virility was sky-high.

"Hee hee, don't talk nonsense, Elder Brother Yin," the holy girl purred in a gentle voice. "This person is definitely not a successor of Luoso. His strength is too weak and too far off the legacy of a martial emperor. I suspect that he was just fortunate to find a few legacies by chance... Hmm, this appearance shouldn't be his real self, and he's a talent in any case. If I can take him in as a slave, he would be much more useful than the likes of Lu Li and Yang Wanqu."

"But he killed Lu Li and will definitely not be spared by the Divine Sky Sect," the prince reminded.

"Hoho, I'm not trying to protect him by taking him in as a slave. If he cannot settle things with the Divine Sky Sect, I wouldn't trouble myself with cleaning up his mess." The holy girl's tone was grand and majestic, containing a hard-to-imagine self-confidence and boldness as if Ye Qingyu was already her slave.

"Time's almost up. The Celestial Phoenix Maiden might wake if we delay further." Drawing one of the golden coiled-dragon spears behind his back, the prince prepared to act, saying, "This young man is very arrogant. I shall defeat him and break his spirit while leaving him a breath. If you still find him useful, I'll spare his life..."

As soon as he spoke.

Boom!

The vast field of thunder and lightning suddenly reappeared in the distant battlefield.

Several hundred streaks of lightning, which were each as thick as a bucket, burst out of the ground surface of the area within several tens of kilometers of the parasol tree and arranged themselves in amazing and peculiar positions. Like purple lightning dragons, they soared into the sky and circled around the Void. Thunder rumbled like dragon roars as the world turned into a sea of thunder liquid which was many times more overbearing than earlier when Lu Li was killed.

Ye Qingyu worked up his murderous spirit once again.

The field of thunder and lightning erupted.

Ye Qingyu had seen through the current opponent as he had Lu Li and knew that neither was anything good. Moreover, he would show no mercy also because people from the Black Moon Divine Palace had injured the First Princess Yu Junqing all those years back. This kind of goon would only be a hindrance to the Heaven Wasteland Domain if kept alive and was a degenerate of the Human Race, and thus was best slain before it was too late.

Yang Wanqu instantly felt the coming of death.

He could not understand why his opponent's vigor and aura swelled infinite times at this instant, and why his opponent's figure, which had remained as still as a massive rock while being attacked by him, suddenly resembled a descending divine mountain which could crush his body into powder at any moment.

At this time, he tasted the same sense of despair which Lu Li had earlier.

"Ah, no..." he yelled fiercely and crazily.

He was panic-stricken by the instantaneous and warningless reversal of the situation and understood at once that his opponent had been fooling around with him earlier, which would mean that they were not an equal match as seemed the case. He knew that even if he summoned his greatest powers now, he would not be able to put up a resistance.

Countless beams of purple lightning perforated his protective demon flames and seemed about to do the same to his body...

Just then, a trail of golden light that seemed to be from the earliest primordial world arrived in a flash. Though just a trail, it easily cut through the field of thunder and lightning and gently lifted Yang Wanqu's figure out of the field...

It made the heavy seem light.

The golden light condensed.

The figure of the Mizar Race's Third Prince appeared.

He was burly in body and mind, and was holding a golden coiled-dragon double-pointed spear in his backhand. Every ring of his full-body golden chainmail, on which strange golden formations circulated, gave off a radiance which was as glaring as the sun. As he stood in the field of thunder and lightning, no beam of lightning could get within three meters of his body or affect him in any way.

Meanwhile, Yang Wanqu's figure was lifted more than one hundred kilometers away and landed outside the field of thunder and lightning.

He looked like he had survived a disaster and his body and soul had parted, and was evidently frightened.

During that earlier moment, if the Mizar Race's Third Prince Yin Kaishan had not acted, Yang Wanqu would probably have turned into a pile of black dust by now. Originally possessing lofty ambitions, he thought that his new power would directly bring him on par with a Saint, but his heart had now turned ice-cold and tremblingly fearful. As he peered at the Third Prince's and Ye Qingyu's figures, he deeply understood that these two men's battle strength and stage were far superior to his.

In the meantime.

A layer of silver glow shone like moonlight all around the Four Stars holy girl's body, making the whiteness of her clothes seem as pure as snow. As chilly and mysterious as the moon fairy, she suspended in mid-air and, similarly, was not affected by the sea of thunder.

"Get ready to use your greatest power and battle skill. I hope you can fend off two more strokes for me, don't disappoint me." The rising radiance all over Yin Kaishan's body made him resemble a revived war god.

He aimed the coiled-dragon spear in his hand at Ye Qingyu in the distance.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 752:


Chapter 770 Because I Promised Her


Ye Qingyu's expression became serious.

He felt a huge pressuring force coming from his opponent's body.

The Third Prince of the Mizar Race was born to a genuine super force and his status was a class apart from the likes of Lu Li. He was a genuine super Heaven's prideling whose self-cultivation was vigorous and whose martial foundation was stable, and was god-knows-how-many times stronger than Lu Li, Yang Wanqu, and the rest. He displayed frightening strength with just one strike, in the form of his long spear breaching the field of thunder and lightning to rescue Yang Wanqu swiftly and easily. This served to show that the field of thunder and lightning was no deterrence to this Heaven's prideling who looked like  a sun war god.

Leaving everything else aside, just that highly-assertive vigor on his body alone was enough to cause a huge pressure upon many of his opponents.

Ye Qingyu long knew that the Third Prince was the Four Stars holy girl's suitor and, if rumors were to be believed, her childhood sweetheart as well. During their childhood romance, they were publicly perceived as a young golden couple. Although Ye Qingyu did not hear the earlier conversation between them, he could clearly see that they still had an intimate relationship.

"Come."

He did not want to say too much.

His earlier pretense that he was trying hard against Yang Wanqu had managed to stall for enough time, such that four hours were nearly up. He thus did not need to worry or play for even more time.

Having run into such an opponent, he thought it just as well to have a good fight.

He unfolded the pair of purple thunder wings on his back as battle intent surged wildly in his eyes.

As a bona fide battle maniac, he felt that the blood throughout his body was on the verge of boiling and burning, now that he had a chance to lock horns with a contemporary Heaven's prideling of this level.

This was a fight he would not miss.

The Third Prince nodded his head and said nothing. With a nudge of the golden coiled-dragon spear in his hand, the situation in their vicinity abruptly changed. In no time, Ye Qingyu felt his sight blur, as if the surroundings had suddenly become pitch-black. Everything disappeared from view as the golden spear glowed, before a cold light struck toward his forehead.

This kind of spear technique was truly incredible.

Ye Qingyu himself was a spear expert, and was well-known for the [Four Moves of the Golden Armored King], which were the top spear techniques in the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] and possessed near-divine meaning. However, the might of the Third Prince's spear technique was no weaker than them, and vaguely contained meaning from an ancient fiendgod sect as well.

This spear cannot be withstood with the power of thunder and lightning.

Ye Qingyu determined this with just one look.

Clenching his backhand in the Void, he took out the [Dragonblood halberd] directly.

Just like the last time when cleaving those tombstones, he worked up the power of thunder and lightning and injected it into the [Dragonblood halberd]. Buzzing and vibrating, the golden weapon immediately seemed to become alive. Lightning flickered on the halberd body which was covered in dragon patterns, before a blend of golden blood radiance and purple lightning emanated and burst out a great power that instantly neutralized the surrounding darkness and exposed the trajectory of the Third Prince's coiled-dragon spear.

Ye Qingyu raised his halberd to parry.

Tink tink tink tink!

A metallic collision noise was heard.

The surrounding Void was blown open violently and fragments of its barrier flew in all directions.

"Huh?"

The Third Prince let out a low cry of shock.

He was evidently shocked by this outcome.

He had not held back any of his strength during that earlier strike.

This was the first time someone had so easily resisted his spear technique, and judging from the feedback force upon the coiled-dragon spear, his opponent's physical cultivation must be extremely deep and powerful, and certainly no worse than his, which he had developed since he was young using the secret techniques of the Mizar Race.

Moreover, for reasons unknown, he vaguely felt that the golden halberd in his opponent's hand was somewhat familiar.

Thoughts circulated fleetingly in his mind, but he showed no hesitation in unleashing another spear attack.

He went for the secret divine spear technique of the Mizar imperial family this time. The spear shot forth like a dragon and turned into an all-penetrating ray of golden light which virtually exceeded the speed which the human eye could catch and seemed to transcend time itself.

Puff puff puff.

Blood spurted from Ye Qingyu's body.

This spear technique was too fast and exquisite for him to completely block.

"Hahaha..." He laughed wildly despite his injuries.

He stood in place like a huge rock, looking completely deranged as blood continued to spurt. Instead of trying to parry the spear technique, he changed his style and summoned the blade tempest of the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General], opting to go for an all-out offensive so as to achieve mutual destruction.

Puffff!

Clang!

Two strange noises ensued.

Ye Qingyu was perforated by the golden coiled-dragon spear between his chest and his abdomen, where a transparent wound the size of a bowl appeared.

After the Third Prince was struck by the halberd at his neck area, a crack was slit on his golden chainmail and blood light oozed out, indicating that he was also injured albeit a lot lighter than Ye Qingyu. Besides, the injury recovered in a mere instant, and even the crack on the chainmail mended amid the glint and the circulation of formations.

This was a set of divine armor which was the secret treasure of the Mizar Race.

It would have been impossible for Ye Qingyu to breach this golden chainmail, let alone injure the Third Prince, if he was holding any weapon but the quasi-emperor divine weapon that was the [Dragonblood halberd].

"Good," the Third Prince roared, visibly excited.

With soaring battle intent, he made yet another attack.

Ye Qingyu remained standing in place.

He no longer paid any attention to the Third Prince's spear technique, for it was as elusive as time, and thus he might as well not waste his efforts on it. Brandishing the halberd, an unknown coercive power burst forth once more, accompanied by a series of dragon roars. He then operated the ultimate meaning of the [Human King Sword Mantra], causing his aura to change once again and acquire a matchless ferocity, before he struck directly at the head of the Third Prince.

The latter's countenance changed slightly.

He could feel that his opponent's apathy toward death was definitely genuine.

After a brief moment of hesitation, he decided to change moves.

He retracted his spear and held it horizontally as he fell into a defensive pose and parried.

Boom!

The spear and the halberd collided.

A splendor flickered on his face as he was sent flying dozens of meters.

Ye Qingyu's purlicue was ripped open and his flesh ruptured. His figure rapidly tottered as his legs gave off a bone-fracturing noise. With several blood arrows spewing out of his mouth, his body seemed utterly soaked in blood and felt incomplete. He looked wretched like never before, looking like a zombie who had just crawled out of a pile of corpses.

"Why aren't you discharging the force?" A tinge of surprise flashed across the Third Prince's eyes.

He could tell that Ye Qingyu was in a worse condition than him because the former did not step back and discharge the feedback force, choosing instead to endure it completely.

While speaking, the Third Prince carried a slight admiration in the expression he looked at Ye Qingyu with.

Though his life had not been long, his name had already shocked the universe.

Throughout his life, the Third Prince had experienced countless life-and-death battles and slain many geniuses, among whom only a handful earned his respect, while the only person whom he thought higher of after just two exchanges of moves was the thick-browed and large-eyed young man standing in front of him right now. He could even feel a never-before-seen indifference and oppression on the body of this opponent.

"His position is the eye of the formation. If he takes even a step back, the formation of thunder and lightning will disappear and he'll no longer be able to defend the egg,"

the voice of the Four Stars holy girl was heard.

Peerless in elegance and talent, her otherworldly insight allowed her to see why Ye Qingyu chose to fight to the death and did not take a step back from the very start.

Her white clothes fluttered.

Her figure floated and arrived beside the Third Prince.

Upon hearing her words, the third prince was suddenly enlightened.

"You merely met the Phoenix by chance. Is it really worth it to repay her by defending her at all costs just because she gave you a chance to enter the Door of Life while you were at the Fierce Beast Peak?" He looked at Ye Qingyu with a puzzled expression.

The latter wiped away the bloodstains on his mouth and plainly replied, "No."

"Then, is it because you're worried that her guardian Saint would kill you if she dies?"

"No."

"Then why?"

"Because I promised her earlier that I'd guard this parasol tree."

The Third Prince was stunned.

A hint of surprise also flashed across the veiled eyes of the holy girl.

In the distance.

"Ridiculous, who do you think you are to speak like that... you showboaty thing... Scum..." Outside the field of thunder and lightning, Yang Wanqu became angry from shame and began to curse at this time. There was an incomparably hideous expression on his face, while his eyes were filled with malice, envy, and cruelty as he looked at Ye Qingyu.

Because of a promise, a complete nobody would rather die than step back even after his body was perforated by the Third Prince’s golden spear. As for Yang Wanqu himself, a human genius whose name had rocked the Vast Thousand Domains, he offered to become a slave out of his fear of death. This sharp contrast wildly triggered the darkness and resentment in his heart, and made him wish he could immediately charge at and cut Ye Qingyu into a thousand pieces.

"Shut up." The Mizar Race Third Prince abruptly turned his head back and snapped harshly.

Yang Wanqu's expression froze.

Behaving obsequiously, he dared not say another word as he lowered his head and gnashed his teeth.

Without bothering about Yang Wanqu anymore, the Third Prince turned his head forward to stare attentively at and size up Ye Qingyu. A hint of regret flashed in his eyes as he sighed and shook his head, before he looked at the holy girl with a bitter smile on his face. "Little Yu, I..."

The latter held his head and displayed a warm amusement in her eyes which had a bright and beautiful brilliance. She smiled and said plainly, "You don't have to say anything, I already know. Elder brother Yin, you're a noble and upright hero, and you greatly admire real warriors... You don't want to kill this kind of opponent, and moreso when they're in a perilous state, am I right?"

The Mizar Race's Third Prince nodded.

Nobody understood him better than this perceptive woman.

"If that's the case, let me do it." Her smile remained as gentle as ever. "My silly elder brother, I'll personally do and not trouble you with things you can't do."



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

