Chapter 77:


Chapter 77 – He Possesses a Rare Treasure

“Controlling the army lines?” Song Qingluo was taken back. “The most important thing that we should be doing, is it not to utilize the time before the two Azure Phoenix student resurrects and push the army lines towards their direction to destroy their first line of defense? You have to know this is an opportunity that is hard to obtain…”

Ye Qingyu shook his head. “In a situation where there is not much difference in strength, your words would be correct. But… this time, we will use another method, to obtain the final victory in this battlefield.” ……

[Ascending Heaven Pavilion].

The shock and cheers gradually subsided.

Ye Qingyu had managed to turn the tides at a critical and desperate juncture, allowing everyone to breathe a sigh of belief. This was, from the start of the grand competition till now, the first true counter attack of White Deer Academy. It was a victory that deserved to be celebrated.

The pinched eyebrows of the teachers seemed to have also relaxed slightly.

“This child’s performance is not bad. It’s worth heavily nourishing him…” One of the teachers said with a smile. The way he addressed Ye Qingyu seemed much more amiable than before.

Another old teacher also spoke with a slight laughter, “I’ve already said; out of so many students, how can it be possible that no one can stand against them? This child is called Ye Qingyu is he? En, not bad. In the future we must pay special attention to him, we can’t let a true genius be buried.”

The wrinkles on the faces of many old elders of White Deer Academy relaxed.

The higher ups largely understood that the reason why the Dean had accepted this grand competition was not to find out who was stronger or weaker between White Deer Academy and Azure Phoenix Academy. This grand competition was only to sharpen and hone the little geniuses in the academy, to make them put away the arrogant complacency in their hearts. After realizing the clear difference in strength, they would do their utmost to chase after them. This would pave the path of obtaining a good result in the glorious battle of the ten academies next year.

But even if so, the process of the grand competition for the entire White Deer Academy, and even the higher ups, was something that was akin to a huge blow.

The consensus they had reached before was that White Deer Academy had a ninety percent chance of losing. But absolutely no one would have thought that they would lose so tragically. Apart from Blue Sky who playfully obtained five consecutive kills, the geniuses that they had been specially trained, not one of them had an exceptional performance…

Until Ye Qingyu descended from the sky.

Such a dazzling performance of a double kill, allowed the hearts of the higher ups to breath a heavy sigh of relief.

Hearing the discussions of the higher ups surrounding them, many representatives of White Deer Academy displayed expressions of envy and jealousy. They knew that, from today on, Ye Qingyu would be treated like the apple of their eyes— at the very least, he would be treated by some higher ups as an important target to assist and cultivate.

Bai Yuqing also could not help but be moved by this.

This genius young girl that was as cold as ice and as pure as jade had never thought such an event would occur. The person who she had judged has passed his most optimal training period, a commoner that would have difficulty achieving anything, would display such a brilliant performance.

She could not help but admit that Ye Qingyu’s results had far exceeded her imagination.

Within the eyes of Han Shuangfu, there was an indistinct bright light. He had always been the greatest genius out of all the male students of White Deer Academy. No matter whether considering background, power, talent, or battle strength, he was the person standing at the tallest peak.

What had always accompanied him were praise and cheers.

Along the way he had stepped on countless geniuses, singing and dancing as he went.

But even he admitted, that when he had only entered White Deer Academy for five months, he absolutely did not possess this kind of strength… this Ye Qingyu gave off a great sense of threat and challenge. Han Shuangfu could already indistinctly see that this commoner teenager would break the legend after legend that he had left within White Deer Academy.

Within the crowd, Han Xiaofei and Jiang Xiaohan were terrified.

Before the grand competition, both of them had done some little tricks. Originally they wanted to destroy Ye Qingyu’s martial heart, to give a memorable blow to this youth that was in their eyes, arrogant and despotic… But from the situation right now, it seems that events were developing in a direction outside of their estimated trajectory.

Jiang Xiaohan could barely control the unwillingness in her heart.

She suddenly thought of something. As if she was mumbling to herself and as if she was reminding everyone. “The battle technique that Junior Brother Qingyu displayed… I have never previously seen such a technique before.”

Han Xiaofei’s eyes brightened.

Another student representative subconsciously replied, “That’s correct. From several hundred meters away, in a split second of time, to suddenly descend into the center of the battlefield, as if it was the impact of a mighty dragon… such a technique is unheard of.”

Once these words were said, many peoples’ attention were drawn to it.

Some people were lost in thought.

“Your words are correct.” An old teacher with ashen grey hair lowered his head and pondered. “Within the curriculum of the first years, is there really such a battle technique? I can’t recall it at all… and besides, the power of that battle technique, it doesn’t look like something that would be possible for first years to learn.”

“Could it be a battle technique that he himself invented?” one of the student representatives opened his mouth and said.

In an instant, countless gazes that were as if they were regarding a retard, landed on this figure.

What kind of joke was that?

A first year student, creating his own battle technique?

Jiang Xiaohan lowered her head, and then added, “Also, previously Junior Brother Qingyu has disappeared from the formation projection. When the projection should have been on him, we could only see a black screen… what reason could there be that it blocked the projection of the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], unless…”

Saying to here, she stopped for a moment.

“Unless what?” the previous ashen-gray-haired teacher asked.

“Unless on the body of Junior Brother Qingyu, there is some hidden rare treasure?” Jiang Xiaohan said, lowering her head.

“Rare treasure? What kind of rare treasure would be able to isolate the projection of the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]?” This ashen-haired teacher said with a natural smile, “Even for the top Spirit weapons it is impossible for it to have this power, unless it’s a treasure tool of the highest quality…”

Saying this, as if realizing something, his heart suddenly beat madly.

Treasure tool of the highest quality?

Could it really be, on Ye Qingyu’s body, there was a top treasure tool?

A hot flame burned fleetingly in his eyes.

The surrounding people, suddenly had dry mouths and tongues, especially those higher ups of the academy who realized the importance of the words this teacher just said. That’s right, if Ye Qingyu really had a top treasure tool on him, then he could really block the surveillance of [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], and he could also perfectly kill the two Azure Phoenix students…

Could this be the only explanation?

Within Heaven Wasteland Domain, weapons and armours, such equipment could be split into categories depending on their level. The lowest level was Spirit weapon, then it was Treasure tool, then it was Dao tool, then it was Saint tool, then it was Emperor tool, and above that was…

Spirit weapons were common. A normal person at the Sprit spring stage would typically have their own Spirit weapon submerged within their Spirit spring. Even though the materials needed to create a Spirit weapon were rare, it was still obtainable. It only needed a weapon cast master to be able to create it with a very high success rate.

But the requirements to create a Treasure tool was much harsher.

From the moment White Deer Academy was founded, they only possessed one single Treasure tool in the entire academy and this was only a basic treasure tool. According to the rumours, out of all the noble factions within Deer City, there was only the city leader’s office that had a Treasure tool given to them by the royal family of Snow Country. No matter how deep the resources the other noble families had, they could only desire one but not obtain it…

For every martial artist at the Bitter sea stage and under, by possessing a Treasure tool, you would have the battle power of someone a realm greater. And for every faction to be obtain a Treasure tool, represented that they would be able to contend against numerous of their old opponents at once!

A Treasure tool, on some perspective, was a weapon that could break the balance of power between the factions of a region.

And when the old teacher subconsciously said these words, many peoples’ hearts began to madly beat.

Perhaps it was only a possibility.

A possibility that was so low it was ridiculous.

But many people were willing to prove the validity of this conjecture; what if it was real?

If it was really a top class Treasure tool, it was enough to make many people and numerous factions perform crazy acts. The temptation was too great, it was enough to make many people of modest and noble characters to shed their disguise and lose their reasoning.

The hearts of many people began to plan and scheme something.

“This is the teachings of Wen Wan, the special technique of Wen Wan. Elder Chu, do you remember?” The Wang Yan who had remained silent throughout suddenly opened her mouth.

“Wen Wan’s [Urgent Lightning Chasing Wind]?” The ashen-gray-haired teacher stared blankly then finally understood. Thoughtfully he nodded, “En, that’s right, the ambush of this child is slightly similar to the [Urgent Lightning Chasing Wind]…”

“If it was really this, then everything can be explained. Wen Wan has always favoured this child well, teaching him his signature technique is within reason.” Another teacher also nodded.

Wang Yan did not say anything more.

Her gaze passed by Jiang Xiaohan’s figure, but did not linger there for long.

But Jiang Xiaohan could clearly sense her soul was as if it was fiercely sliced by a blade. Inside Wang Yan’s gaze, there was a biting cold bringing with it an undisguised murderous intent.

Jiang Xiaohan lowered her head even further.

She was not afraid.

Her mouth even curled up slightly.

No matter what, she knew that after the great competition had ended, Ye Qingyu would have problems. Enormous problems.

…… ……

[Boundary Canyon Battlefield].

Northern path.

The Song sisters were listening to Ye Qingyu’s directions before he left. They carefully controlled the battle lines, allowing the demon rune soldiers to constantly be frozen at a spot near their first line of defense. The position of the battle always maintained a hundred meters away from the protector statue.

The attacking range of the protector statue was fifty meters.

Once any Azure Phoenix student appeared again, the two of them could, in an instant, retreat into the defensive range of the protector statue. The opponent could definitely not enter into this range, so therefore the two of them would not be killed in a short period of time.

This type of battle tactic seemed to be defensive.

If this continued for a long time, apart from extending the time they lasted for a little bit, it was absolutely not possible for them to obtain the final victory. But out of the trust they had for Ye Qingyu, the two girls determinedly carried out Ye Qingyu’s plan.

Approximately twenty kilometers away from the battlefield.

Ye Qingyu’s feet was currently in a flood of water, treading through the currents.

This was a river that passed through the entire canyon from East to West. The name of this river was called the [Quicksand River], expansive and wide, stretching over tens of kilometers. The crash of the current was like the rumble of thunder, deafening.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 78:


Chapter 78 – Spear Broken

“It seems like those sisters are temporarily in a safe state…”

A smile appeared on Ye Qingyu’s face.

Although he was tens of kilometer away, but he only needed a will of his heart, and everything that happened in the battle of the Northern canyon would clearly appear in his mind. It was as if he was at the scene to observe everything, without the slightest error possible.

This was the effect of the [Sentry Guard].

It was one of the newly discovered mysteries Ye Qingyu had found in the [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. From the page shining with light in the [Titled Strange Objects] section, he could take out six [Sentry guards] and place it anywhere he wished.

And in the area where the [Sentry Guard] was placed, everything that happened for a kilometer in all directions, Ye Qingyu would be able to observe anytime he wanted. It was as if he had placed a clone there, able to sense everything that occurred.

The effectiveness of the [Sentry Guard], was similar to a high class surveillance formation. But to arrange such a formation wasted both time and energy and also needed vast quantities of rare ingredients. It also needed a profound formation cultivator as a normal martial artist would not be able to create such a formation. For Ye Qingyu’s current level of cultivation, it was only something to be talked about and not something he was able to achieve.

But the positioning of the [Sentry Guard] was exceedingly simple for him. Only a slight quantity of inner yuan need to be expended to activate the [Fiendgod Titled Chart], and from then you could take out a [Sentry Guard] from the [Titled Strange Objects] section where the page was flashing, and place this item anywhere you wanted.

Bam!

A huge wave rushed towards him.

Under the turbulent tides, a bulky and gigantic crab-like water beast was hidden within. It soared to launch an attack.

Ye Qingyu leaped into the air, the [Inexorable spear] in his hands as quick as lightning. The spear stabbed out, piercing through the giant crab’s body. A strand of yuan qi rushed out, entering into Ye Qingyu’s body and became part of the yuan qi spring that nourished his dantian world.

“Is it our physical bodies that have entered into the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], or is it just only our Spirits?”

Ye Qingyu waded through the river, pondering in his mind.

This was his first time within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. It gave him a very strange sensation, especially the fact that after you were killed, you were given three opportunities to resurrect.

This made Ye Qingyu vaguely feel that it was not their true bodies that had entered into this canyon battlefield. It was only something that was akin to their Spirit or consciousness, which was inserted into a body made from runes and formations. The important point was that this constructed body was exactly the same as their original body, able to experience the same pain and injuries. Even if they had personally entered into the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], they were not able to clearly tell the difference at all.

The martial path of the Formation Emperor Luoso was really endlessly profound and incredible.

“Xia Houwu has already died in battle once so he should not have yet resurrected and returned to the front lines. The person most likely to be fighting right now, is Qin Wushuang’s North West path!”

Ye Qingyu travelled through the waves.

Because of the laws of [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], they were not able to travel through the skies. However, with the strength of Ye Qingyu’s physical body and the pureness of his inner yuan, his speed was still rapid. Like an arrow that had been released from the bow, he galloped directly towards the North West road.

…… ……

“Imprison body talisman?”

Xu Ge frowned, an expression of astonishment appearing on his face.

On the North West canyon path, a ferocious battle had been temporarily halted.

Qin Wushuang’s body was covered with wounds, scarlet red blood dyeing half his body. He panted loudly for air, fresh blood dripping down his arm. As it flowed, it painted the [Great Zhou sword] in his hands scarlet red. Following the ridge of the sword, it dripped down onto the point of the sword, drop by drop falling onto the ground…

And opposite him, Xu Ge had only lost a sleeve of his clothing.

Xu Ge was the widely recognize number one genius of the first years in Azure Phoenix Academy. His appearance was extremely casual; white face was like jade, even breathing, confident and at ease, neat and orderly hair and eyes glistening with brightness. He evidently held a distinct advantage in this battle.

The battle that was halted was just about to be decided.

At the crucial time, Qin Wushuang had abruptly attacked with an old and yellowish paper. Rotating and rolling, it had quickly expanded in midair. On this paper, a scarlet red mysterious pattern was clearly drawn, emitting a pale crimson red glow. It expanded like a pair of shackles, confining Xu Ge within…

The situation suddenly reversed.

Xu Ge had continuously performed battle technique after battle technique, but he was not able to break through this constraint.

This made him realize that this old yellow paper should be an extremely rare confinement formation. It was an imprisonment body talisman, able to restrict the opponent’s figure so that it could not move in the slightest.

“Huhu… give up on struggling.” Qin Wushuang panted raggedly, activating the inner yuan in his body that had been mostly expended. The [Great Zhou sword] gradually began to brighten, and he took step after step closer. “You’ve forced me to use the last trick up my sleeve. This should be enough to make you proud. For this round, I’ve won.”

Xu Ge really stopped his struggling, and with an indifferent smile said, “Who would have thought, that there would be such a treasure in your hands…”

“Don’t worry, I’ll make you die crisply.” Qin Wushuang’s sword slowly stabbed out, the three feet of the sword shining a brilliant silver, inch by inch advancing towards Xu Ge.

Xu Ge’s face was still calm and peaceful, even holding a bland smile. “It’s a pity!”

The sword move of Qin Wushuang’s halted for an instant. “A pity about what?”

“It’s a pity that the imprisonment body talisman you’ve obtained is not complete. It’s only a defective product, and…” The smile on Xu Ge’s face, became wider and wider. “And, you have not truly assimilated and understood it, therefore…”

Before he had finished.

A curved crescent moon, one-inch-long, appeared suddenly on Xu Ge’s palm.

Whether it was just a mistaken sensation was unknown, but the moment this crescent moon appeared, the ambient light around dimmed.

As if it really was the appearance of the new moon.

It was as if the crescent moon within the skies, was harvested into Xu Ge’s hand. The crescent moon slowly rotated, filled with a quiet and ethereal beauty.

“[Moon Seal·Beheading the Moon]!” Xu Ge’s lips parted slightly, abruptly shouting coldly.

The crescent moon on his palm suddenly enlarged. Striking out, by the time it had sliced upon the scarlet red imprisonment talisman, it was already a crescent blade one meter long. A bright and radiant light shone; at this instant, it was like the beauty of the new moon after the murky grey clouds had passed.

Ding!

The scarlet red imprisonment talisman was shattered.

Xu Ge had broken through.

As if a fierce tiger was leaping out of the cage.

Qin Wushuang’s facial expression changed greatly, retreating at the first instant.

But it was already too late.

The crecent moon blade held in Xu Ge’s palm was already hurtling to kill.

“I’m still not his opponent even with this?” Qin Wushuang bitterly smiled, closing his eyes and waiting for his imminent death.

And at this time—

Xiu!

An explosion suddenly erupted next to his ear.

And after, there was an indescribable yuan qi that seemed to come from nowhere. From far away till it got closer, it brought with it a force that seemed like it could topple the mountains and overturn the seas, as if ancient mountains were breaking apart and the very world had subsided under the sea.

The exclamation of Xu Ge was immediately heard after.

Qin Wushuang hesitated, and by the time he opened his eyes again, he saw an entirely different scene in front of him—

It was unknown when the black spear was erected one meter away from him. The Xu Ge who had been rushing at him was knocked backward by a black figure in the air. As if he had lost control of his body, he was sent flying like a young child.

A black spear?

Ye Qingyu?

Almost without thinking, in a second, Qin Wushuang knew who had come.

For him, this black spear was incomparably familiar. This frightening silhouette had time and time again appeared within his nightmares. More than three months ago, at the time when he had stepped upon the peak of the first year of White Deer Academy, the owner of this spear, with an unequalled disposition, smashed apart all his glory.

Opposite.

“It’s you…” Xu Ge was in midair, opening his mouth to shout.

He was able to recognize that the figure that seemed like a divine soldier descending from the heavens, the black figure that had attacked him, was the white-clothed youth from that time at the public library.

The true enemy had arrived.

Xu Ge’s heart tightened.

The terrifying impact made him clearly feel that his ribs had fractured… being injured in their first skirmish made his will to do battle exponentially rise.

“That’s right, it’s me!”

Ye Qingyu loudly shouted.

The other part of the spear in his hand shot out like a dragon emerging from the oceans, leaving a snowy white brilliance in the air.

Ding!Ding!Ding!Ding!

Rapid metallic strikes sounded out, sparks flying everywhere.

Xu Ge’s strength was evidently higher than Lin Nuo or Zheng Kai. Facing two of the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King], [Banner of Heaven and Earth] and [Fierce Dragon Pierce], he still had the power to retaliate.

Bang!

The situation changed under the continuous direct impacts.

The crescent moon in Xu Ge’s hand finally disintegrated, transforming into a scattering of snowy white powder, dispersing into the air.

And the [Inexorable spear] held in Ye Qingyu’s hand, mottled holes the size of soy beans covered the pale silver spear head. The spear head was close to completely useless.

The two figures landed on the ground.

“Extremely powerful continuous strikes… Haha, my judgement was correct that day. You really are a terrifying opponent.” The figure of Xu Ge stood up straight on the ground, without the slightest hint of any injuries, a faint smile on his lips.

“You are also strong… you are so much stronger than when compared to people like Lin Nuo or Zheng Kai.” Ye Qingyu’s steps was somewhat weak, injuries evident near his abdomen. His skin and flesh was broken apart, blood dripping out. This was the injuries caused by the explosive and rupturing strikes of the [Moon seal]. He seemed to cut a more sorry figure.

“You’ve already fought with them?” Xu Ge was taken aback.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

“Then how did they…” Xu Ge originally wanted to ask who won and who lost, but after a quick thought, he could not help but shake his head with a smile. “That’s right, with your strength, they are most likely goners. It is hard to contend against your repeated killing blows.”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head again.

Bang!

A sound exploded.

The spear head of the [Inexorable spear] suddenly shattered, turning into scraps of cold steel that careened everywhere.

The spear head had long been shattered by the power of the [Moon Seal] and when the wind rustled past, this minuscule movement had caused the spear head to shatter.

There was a shred of regret in Ye Qingyu’s eyes.

Although the [Inexorable spear] was stupidly heavy, but it was a weapon tremendously compatible with him. It was a pity that it had been half destroyed in this battle.

From far away.

Qin Wushuang retreated slowly backwards, step by step.

The situation in front of his eyes did not seem favourable. Even if Ye Qingyu had acted to save him, it seemed like even he could not suppress this fearsome Azure Phoenix student.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 79:


Chapter 79 – A True Genius

But at this time, something unexpected happened—

Pu!Pu!Pu!Pu!

A chain of minute explosions sounded without any warning.

Clusters of blood, unexpectedly and strangely, spurted out from Xu Ge’s chest.

Xu Ge lowered his head to look at the miniature holes on his chest, as if he had long known this would occur. A bitter smile appeared on his face and his body gradually fell to the ground. With regret in his tone, he said, “If not for my previous battle with Qin Wushuang and me using the [Moon Seal·Beheading the Moon] to break his imprisonment talisman, I would not have expended over half of my inner yuan. I would not have lost to you.”

Ye Qingyu, “But this is a battlefield, and not a spar.”

“I will come back.” Xu Ge completely fell to the ground, his life completely gone. His spirit transformed into a ray of light, rushing towards the headquarters of the Azure Phoenix Academy.

Qin Wushuang had wide open eyes, filled with undisguised shock and astonishment.

He suddenly understood that when Ye Qingyu and Xu Ge had fought, in the strikes like that of torrential rain, Xu Ge was already heavily wounded. It was only that Xu Ge had used his inner yuan to suppress his wounds, but in the time of the simple exchange of words, the wounds could not help but finally appear. Xu Ge could suppress it no longer…

Xu Ge had lost?

Xu Ge had really lost?

In the clash in midair, what had really happened?

With his vision he really could not clearly discern in that exact moment in time how Ye Qingyu was able to kill Xu Ge. In that cold light of the spear, in the torrential rain of murderous intent, how many spear strikes did he stab out with?

An indescribable sense of defeat completely enveloped Qin Wushuang’s heart.

He was not able to defeat the opponent even after using all the cards hidden in his sleeve. But in their first contact, Ye Qingyu was able to completely slaughter the enemy. Furthermore, even after the battle had ended, he was not able to realize in the first instant who was the victor… could the difference between him and Ye Qingyu, really be this large?

From far away.

It seemed as if Ye Qingyu had not noticed the subtle retreat of Qin Wushuang. Without pausing to recover, he used the broken spear in his hands as a staff. In the time that he jumped and was in the air, tens of demon rune soldiers were slaughtered, and he managed to obtain strand after strand of yuan qi reward.

The inner yuan that was expended during the battle with Xu Ge finally recovered a little.

Afterwards, the battlefield became peaceful for a short time.

The rune soldiers pushed towards the distance.

By the time Xu Ge had resurrected and returned to the battlefield, the demon rune soldiers and the protector statue would have killed all these soldiers. For Xu Ge, this could be counted as a huge loss as he would completely lose the yuan qi rewards contained within the rune soldiers.

Only then did Ye Qingyu turn and walk towards Qin Wushuang.

“That imprisonment body talisman is the treasure you manage to obtain in the practical battle training several months ago?” Ye Qingyu asked.

During Ye Qingyu’s time in the [Grievance Hall], the little loli Song Xiaojun had once mentioned that in the time Qin Wushuang was outside training in the wilderness, he had managed to obtain a great treasure. This had caused his strength to rise momentously, and thereafter immediately challenged Yan Xingtian. From what it seemed like, this defected imprisonment body talisman that nearly even finished Xu Ge was the great treasure from the little loli’s words.

Qin Wushuang had a complicated expression. He nodded his head and as if suddenly thinking of something, said with bitterness in his voice, “If I had not previously expended a large part of Xu Ge’s inner yuan, you would not have been able to defeat him so easily.”

Ye Qingyu shrugged his shoulders. “What about it, do you want me to say thanks to you?”

Qin Wushuang didn’t utter anything more.

He knew that everything he said was pointless. Decisively, he turned around and walked towards the protective statue. Within the defensive radius, he sat cross legged, activating his yuan qi to recover and treat his injuries. Closing his eyes, he did not speak again.

Ye Qingyu shook his head, turning to head towards the wilderness.

“That’s right, you relied on the power of the imprisonment body talisman to defeat Yan Xingtian?” Ye Qingyu suddenly asked, just before he left.

The body of Qin Wushuang emitted a huge quiver. He suddenly stood up, his face red. “I know what you want to ask. I’ll say it again, the disappearance of Yan Xingtian had nothing to do with me…”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, saying again, “Fine… to change the topic, if I was you, I would not push the line of soldiers anymore but rather carefully keep the balance between the soldiers carefully at this position…”

Qin Wushuang was taken aback, then suddenly understood. “You will come again? You want to be the fisherman that benefits from the struggles of the clams*?”

Ye Qingyu turned his head and gave him a glance. “If you really want to win this grand competition, then I advise you to carefully consider my proposal.”

Finishing his sentence, his figure flashed.

Ye Qingyu’s figure finally disappeared within the tall desolate forest, into the wilderness.

Qin Wushuang stood where he was, his thoughts unknown. Only after a short while did he return under the protector statue. Activating his inner yuan to treat his injuries, he quickly utilized the time. But this time, he found that his heart was in turmoil and he could not be at ease. At this time, he found it hard to concentrate and enter into a clear state of mind.

Ye Qingyu, in the time of a thunderbolt passing by, had killed Xu Ge. This type of scene had really given Qin Wushuang too great of a shock and impact.

Originally, Qin Wushuang was filled with confidence. He had already made a plan: that he would challenge Ye Qingyu in front of the entire academy. Exactly like last time when Ye Qingyu had, in front of all his seniors, knocked him off his pedestal, he would do the same to him. He wanted to fiercely break the glory of the Demon King Ye. Qin Wushuang had counted on the fact that Ye Qingyu would not be his opponent in the future. After all, he had been confined within the [Grievance Hall] for three months, without the instructions of the teachers and he himself has had a fortuitous encounter…

But from what the current incident showed, the fortuitous encounter of Ye Qingyu was even more mysterious compared to his.

“Can I really defeat this monster from the commoners?”

Qin Wushuang asked himself in his heart.

…… ……

In the center of the practice grounds of the first years.

In front of the ranking stone mirror.

The entire crowd on the grounds, at this time were already plunged into fanatical cheering. Various screams and cheers, like a hurricane blowing on the surface of the sea, the madly swelling waves advancing towards all directions. The undulating heads were like black humongous waves. Apart from jumping and wild cheering, any other body movements or language could not express the excitement in their hearts.

The first year students had gone crazy.

“Do you see? Open your eyes wide and look. The peerless genius in your words, the Senior Brother Xu Ge that is unbeatable, has died in battle once…” Xiong Yan’s face was so flushed that it was as if he was covered with chicken’s blood. Tearing apart his clothes, he roared at the almond-eyed Azure Phoenix female student: “Who is it that killed him? Hahaha, it’s not an illusion! Everyone tell her, who is it?”

“Senior Brother Ye Qingyu!”

“Haha, Demon King Ye has killed Xu Ge!”

“Demon King Ye, only Demon King Ye is able to be known as a true genius!”

“Hahaha, I knew it, I knew it. Demon King Ye would not disappoint us, he is a person that has always caused miracles. No one who has managed to offend Demon King Ye is able to rest peacefully… this is truly a peerless genius!”

“Haha, I’ve already said Senior Brother Ye is specially here to take care of those who don’t believe in him.”

Faces after faces of the excited expressions of the White Deer students dangled in front of the Azure Phoenix students. The foreign students at this moment were as if they were undergoing the mourning of their mothers. The White Deer students were multiplying and returning the humiliation they had received, like a volcano that had been suppressed for countless of years, the force bursting, breaking apart all their restraints.

The almond-eyed female student stared fixedly at the ranking stone mirror.

She could not believe her eyes.

Senior Brother Xu Ge— the existence in her heart that was unbeatable, and an existence that was forever invincible. The existence that, under the countless eyes of students from Azure Phoenix Academy, had defeated who knows how many geniuses, had beaten who knows how many opponents, he really… had been killed once!

When the ranking stone mirror flashed with the final result, the almond-eyed Azure Phoenix female student felt as if the apocalypse had arrived.

This was a sensation akin to someone’s religion completely collapsing.

That person… Senior Brother Xu Ge… would really have lost?

The Demon King Ye from the mouths of White Deer, the person called Ye Qingyu, what kind of monster was he? Where did he appear from, that he was able to kill Senior Brother Xu Ge? Why would such a monster appear in White Deer Academy at such a time?

The surrounding Azure Phoenix students, their faces ashen all lowered their heads, tightly clenching their fists.

They had always been proud of their ranking within the ten academies. At this instant, this pride was broken apart. They had previously faced the thousands of students without the slightest hint of fear, because in their hearts, they had the support of honour and glory. But right now, seeing the faces filled with excitement and pride, expressions written with challenge and exhilaration, the tightly clenched fists of the Azure Phoenix students ultimately loosened.

The emotions of unwillingness and shock transformed into a long sigh.

At this time, apart from being silent, they could do nothing else.

…… ……

[Ascending Heaven Pavilion].

The teachers originally filled with seriousness had evidently lightened up by a large margin.

The higher ups of the academy nervously stared at the formation projection, a bright light shining radiantly within their eyes. These two continuous battles that happened within the time frame of a spark, all ended in Ye Qingyu’s victory as the final result. This made the teachers who had originally given up all hopes and expectations be able to see the final strand of light within this grand competition.

If Ye Qingyu was able to do the same as in these two situations, able to provide reinforcements in time at every instant, then… perhaps the situation could really be turned around once?

Jiang Xiaohan was within the crowd, with her head lowered.

This time she did not say anything.

Because she was able to clearly sense, that the gaze of the head teacher of the first years Wang Yan was biting cold, like that of a blade. This gaze occasionally passed over her figure. This was a warning that was hidden extremely well, but Jiang Xiaohan was able to perfectly understand it’s meaning; if she dared to say one phrase more – even if it was only one word, Wang Yan would definitely shatter her with one strike.

In the three years that she had been in White Deer Academy, Jiang Xiaohan had always been the spoiled child of the teachers. She had never experienced such a hateful and murderous glance from any of the supervisors.

At this instant, Jiang Xiaohan asked herself in her heart: Was I really in the wrong?

After all, Ye Qingyu had once been her childhood friend and had never provoked her of his own accord.

But after a slight indecision, her heart became incomparably determined.

The things that she had abandoned, others could not possess. The things that she was not able to possess, she could only destroy… she was forever in the right. Ye Qingyu did not follow according to her imagination and become a useless trash, a complete waste. If this was not going against her, then what was?

Therefore, he deserved to die.

*Chinese idiom: profit from the struggles of others

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 80:


Chapter 80 – The Enhancement Power of Fire

Jiang Xiaohan believed her previous words had already bugan to cause an effect.

She took a quick glance at the people within the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion] – including those sanctimonious teachers. Every single one of them was complimenting and praising Ye Qingyu, everyone claiming that Ye Qingyu would become the unmatched genius of White Deer Academy in the future. But behind every single face filled with genial smiles, who was filled with insincerity and how could you tell the difference?

Perhaps at this time the person that was amiably complimenting Ye Qingyu in the near future, for the top Treasure tool, would secretly use all sorts of methods to target Ye Qingyu. Perhaps, even possibly personally destroying this so called future hope of White Deer Academy.

As long as Ye Qingyu’s performance was even more exceptional, even more mysterious, it would only cause more and more people to be suspicious of whether there really is a rare treasure on his body. She had only just added fuel to the fire, and planted a seed of doubt within everyone’s hearts. Sooner or later, it would sprout and germinate.

“Therefore, my childhood friend, perform well.”

Jiang Xiaohan laughed in her heart.

At this time even she herself was beginning to suspect that Ye Qingyu perhaps really does possess some kind of rare treasure. Otherwise, why would his performance be so eye catching and radiant, why would his performance be so unbelievable… That’s right, the counter attack of Ye Qingyu, perhaps it was done relying on a rare treasure?

It was only a pity that the ordinary man was not wrong, but treasuring a jade ring would become a crime.

When he lost the secret on him, when he lost that rare treasure, without anything to rely on, very quickly he would fall back to the mundane world. He would return to being that pitiful trash, and at that time, would there still be people cheering for you, would there still be people treating you like something precious? …… ……

“The [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King] really were powerful. Even someone with the strength of Xu Ge finds it difficult to withstand them. Especially at the moment of impact, there’s a power akin to a law that at the moment the opponent is knocked in the air, they lose control of their body and cannot activate their yuan qi, losing their ability to resist…”

Ye Qingyu travelled through the river, reflecting in his heart.

Until today, within the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King], [Banner of Heaven and Earth] and [Fierce Dragon Pierce], Ye Qingyu had already completely familiarized himself with these techniques. He had already begun to grasp the beginning stages of the [Protection of Heaven and Earth], and as for the fourth technique — the move with the most destructive power, [Heaven Falls and Earth Rends], he had finally managed to touch upon it a little. Ye Qingyu had attempted to perform it several times before, but this move was enough to completely consume his entire inner yuan in an instant, so he could not do it perfectly.

After continuously killing Xu Ge, Lin Nuo and Zheng Kai, he had only utilized the [Banner of Heaven and Earth] and [Fierce Dragon Pierce]. Only through using these two moves was he able to gain the absolute upper hand. This made Ye Qingyu’s heart full of expectation for the day when he would completely grasp these [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King] and also towards the things within the Bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

Very evidently, as Ye Qingyu’s strength was raised, and his inner yuan became more and more concentrated and more Spirit springs were excavated, every time the Bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart] would reveal new contents. As it absorbed and returned his inner yuan, then there would be more pages that are able to be read, with more things being exhibited.

The only negative aspect of this was that to perform these battle techniques, it was extremely costly in terms of inner yuan.

With the current inner yuan cultivation of Ye Qingyu, at the most he could perform the first three moves of the golden armoured King twice each, or the final move once. Then, he must find a place and spend time on recovering the inner yuan that he had expended.

But this was all within reason.

The teachers of White Deer Academy had constantly ingrained a law within the students. That is, the stronger and more powerful the battle technique, then an even higher quantity of inner yuan would be needed. There was a positive correlation towards the strength of the battle technique and the amount of inner yuan needed.

Ye Qingyu travelled like a bolt of lightning upon the turbid waves.

As he willed, different images from different locations appeared in his mind — before he had left, he had stealthily placed a [Sentry Guard] on the North west canyon road and the North canyon road. This represented, that within the next twenty-four hours, as long as he wished, he could clearly observe anything that occurred in these two canyon paths.

“There is currently nothing going on in the North canyon road and the North West canyon road. And on the North east canyon road, Xia Houwu has already died in battle. I believe that the Azure Phoenix students will definitely direct the demon rune soldiers along this path and fiercely assault this canyon road. I should go take care of it… En, it so happens that there is something I need to do in the wilderness area next to the North east canyon road. Therefore, I shall head towards the North east canyon road.”

Very quickly, Ye Qingyu began to formulate a plan.

He travelled through water, and using the quickest of speeds and the most direct path, headed towards the battle at the North east canyon road.

Two hours later.

On the battlefield of the North east path.

The Azure Phoenix student Du Sha died in battle.

Hundreds of demon rune soldiers near their protector statue were swept away by the swing of Ye Qingyu’s spear. A great quantity of yuan qi rewards gushed out from the corpses of the demon rune soldiers and entered into Ye Qingyu’s body. At the moment, the danger of the North east canyon road was temporarily alleviated.

Thankfully, Ye Qingyu had arrived in time. If he came a moment later, then the protector statue of the first line of defense would have been destroyed by Du Sha.

The instant that Du Sha was killed, the silhouette of Xia Houwu appeared behind the protector statue that was on the verge of collapse.

In reality, the resurrected Xia Houwu had already returned to the battlefield over an hour ago. It was a pity that he had already lost his courage to do battle, and only observed from far away. He did not dare at all to come within a thousand meters of the red-moled teenager. After Ye Qingyu had appeared, he did not join forces and attack together.

Xia Houwu did not think that Ye Qingyu would really, in less than ten breaths of time, manage to eradicate Du Sha.

And Ye Qingyu was too lazy to pay attention to a noble student who used other methods to obtain the right to enter the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. After sweeping away great numbers of demon rune soldiers, Ye Qingyu turned and entered into the [Quicksand river], treading through the river and departing.

Of course, before he had left, Ye Qingyu had also placed a [Sentry Guard] at this battlefield.

He did not order Xia Houwu to do anything.

Because Ye Qingyu was able to tell, after the first death of Xia Houwu, he had completely and utterly lost his courage to do battle. He would not dare to enter deep within the battlefield in the slightest. With his cowardly disposition that feared death, he would not push the line of soldiers at all. He would only occasionally perform the supplement blade from far away, and would not affect Ye Qingyu’s tactic at all… ……

One hour later.

“If the booklet has not gotten it wrong, then it should be here…”

Ye Qingyu marched onwards through the waters, leaving the main river. After bypassing several valleys and ravines, he came to the mouth of a pitch black silent valley. This was a place that the sun would not shine upon at all. Miasma was left and right, a faint toxic air and the poisonous vegetation were all coloured completely black. The place was enveloped in a deathly silence, and one was not even able to hear the chirps of birds or the rustle of insects. It was as if this place did not possess any form of life whatsoever.

The entire valley was as if it was the resting place of the Death God.

According to the information on the booklet, this place was the same as the [Demonic Wolf Valley], it belonged to one of the ten forbidden areas of the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. What dwelled within this valley was far more terrifying than the demonic wolf pack. It was the [Flame Devil Beast] that possessed the power of the forbidden fire —from legend such a race had stolen from the hands of the divine race, the divine flame. It was able to burn all living things and was exceedingly frightening.

By killing the [Flame Devil Beast], one was able to obtain a large quantity of yuan qi as reward

But more importantly, after gathering the blood of the [Flame Devil Beasts], a martial artist would be able to obtain the temporary enhancement effect of the burning flame. Their offensive power would greatly increase, and their inner yuan would bring with it the power of fire and flames, with limitless wonderful uses. This was something that Ye Qingyu would rely upon to defeat the Azure Phoenix Academy.

Ye Qingyu halted slightly within the entrance to the valley, adjusting himself to his most optimal condition, then marched into the valley upright and without fair.

Not even fifteen minutes had passed when within the valley, an angry roar that shuddered Heaven and Earth reverberated throughout. It was as if something from a nightmare was forcibly awakened. A bloody and cruel aura spread out towards all directions. The temperature of the air abruptly heated up fervently, with a wide expanse of bright red clouds illuminating half the valley. The black rock, under such a high temperature, unexpectedly began to melt…

The roar of battle endlessly sounded.

Only after two hours had passed did the turbulence within the valley settle down.

Ye Qingyu was panting for breath, sweat covering his entire figure. He stood in front of a ten-meter-tall corpse of a monster.

This fight, had nearly expended his entire inner yuan. If not for the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King], if not for the fact that the booklet had noted down in detail the weakness and strategy to defeat the [Flame Devil Beast], he would have lost. Ye Qingyu had feared that today he would not be able to kill the [Flame Devil Beast] but would rather leave in grief.

Very nearly, they were about to take each other down in mutual destruction.

Fortunately, at the last moment, he was able to kill this monster.

Like an ox chewing on peony flowers, he rapidly swallowed some Spirit herbs, quickly replenishing his inner yuan. Ye Qingyu observed all around him.

The rough outline of this monster was vaguely humanoid. It had three heads, with no ears or nose on the head but only a pair of eyes and a mouth. The body was entangled in poisonous vines, and the skin was like rock. In the location of its heart, there was bloody hole the size of a bowl. The scarlet red blood was like lava, jetting out from this wound, and Ye Qingyu was completely drenched in this blood…

His body was bathed in the fiery blood of the monster.

In an instant, the tattered clothes of Ye Qingyu transformed into ashes. Even his eyebrows, stubble and hair, vanished in a puff of smoke. The dark red blood was like a liquid blaze, with a frightening and destructive temperature. But the strange thing was, this did not manage to scald the corporeal body of Ye Qingyu at all.

A scorching power, like being enveloped in burning lava, spread throughout his body. At this time, Ye Qingyu could not pay attention to anything else. Quickly following the instructions listed within the booklet, he brought out an already prepared formation jade bottle and used it to contain the blood of the [Flame Devil Beast]. Doing his utmost not to waste anything, he began gathering the vast majority of the blood that contained the essences of the [Flame Devil Beast].

At this time, the burning hot power on his body gradually began to subside.

Ye Qingyu discovered that the scorching devil blood, after bathing his body, transformed into rune after rune, as if drawn and carved with a natural blade and branded on his skin. At first glance, it seemed like scarlet red tattoos, still and immobile at times but sometimes emitting faint movements. When it moved, there was an aura too profound for words!

“This is the enhancement power of the flaming devil blood!

Ye Qingyu was secretly awestruck within his heart. His fist struck out, and in the air a blaze began abruptly. The scorching hot power spread out in all directions and the power of this attack was comparable to powerful fire battle techniques.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

