Chapter 989:


Chapter 1005, Reason

Ye Qingyu didn't expect that it was these people who came.

How do these people know where the [Dragon Palace] was?

Accidental?

Or...?

For a moment, dozens of thoughts flashed through his mind, but he did not act rashly.

Standing quietly and motionlessly in front of the Immortal Palace, Ye Qingyu looked over with a calm expression.

The figure opposite landed, and of course, had already noticed the presence of Ye Qingyu, slowly moving closer.

“Haha, boy you run very fast, but we still caught up to you.” The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit fixed his eyes on Ye Qingyu, slightly narrowing and chewing a straw in his mouth.

Upon hearing this, Ye Qingyu immediately realized that these several people had been following him along the way.

“You've been following me.” His tone was not a questioning tone, but very certain.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit nodded confidently, then responded in an indifferent tone, “Exactly.”

“Could it be that there is something on me that you want?” Ye Qingyu was a little puzzled for a moment.

He was well aware that there wasn’t any enmity between him and the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit in the Black Demon Abyss, and what he had done afterwards in the City of Chaos did not have any conflict of interest with the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit. Therefore, he was certain that he wasn’t here to retaliate. Moreover, through the door of the demon domain there were thousands of years of rare treasures, an opportunity that no one would give up on for their own selfish reasons.

In other words, even if there were deep-seated hatred between them, he would have waited until they got out.

So, for a moment Ye Qingyu could not guess what their purpose was for following him.

“Hahaha, you don't have it on you yet, but you will soon.” The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit was evidently in a very good mood, burst out laughing, and directly spoke out his purpose, “All the people who came out of the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss alive had not ascended as fast as you. Adding to this, you were able to escape under that situation, and even brought out [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. From this it is clear that your martial arts luck is absolutely in defiance of the natural order. Haha, you could be said to be a favorite of the heaven and earth, this world always favours a child with luck... Although I had always felt that my luck is pretty good, but compared to you, we are poles apart. Since you have done it once already in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, then why not try again in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. It would be better for me to follow behind you and perhaps I can also find some good things, haha.”

This was the reason?

Ye Qingyu did not know whether to cry or laugh when he heard this.

This reason sounded more like he was praising him.

Even a young heaven's prideling like the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit had thought so highly of him. Ye Qingyu also felt that there was light on his face.

The only thing that was unfortunate was that this did not bring any good things to him.

At the same time, the gaze of the several great experts, who followed the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit, also fell on the Immortal Palace.

They were no fools. The building style of the Immortal Palace was not only very different from the other buildings in the [Dragon Palace], it was named with the word ‘Immortal’ and Ye Qingyu was guarding in front. Anybody would know that the real opportunity and treasures were in the Immortal Palace.

“Hahaha, it seems that my choice this time is not wrong. If I had not followed you, even if I passed by the lake, I would never think to check the bottom of the lake. Even more, I would not know that this lake is so deep, and in the bottom of the lake there is unexpectedly a hidden [Dragon Palace]. I also would not know that there is a hidden Immortal Palace hall in the [Dragon Palace].”

The face of the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit lit up with excitement, licking his lips.

Along the way he had seen the luxuriousness and horror of the [Dragon Palace]. In particular the bizarre ancient formations. It was unknown how long these formations had existed, but they were still operating silently. If he had not specially prepared some ancient objects he most likely would have been buried in the formations outside the [Dragon Palace].

The more heavily guarded a place was, the more shocking the treasure was hidden.

This was the logic since ancient times.

Therefore, the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit was certain that there were earth-shaking treasures in the Immortal Palace.

“Hahaha, a wise person would take advantage of a situation. Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu, no need to be so nervous, we don’t want to kill you now. As long as you get lost then we can spare your life.” On the other side, one of the guardian Saints who was shrouded in blazing flames gave a howl of strange laugh, his voice shrill and soul-stirring.

“That's right, you can leave.” The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit smiled a strange complacent smile. “Since your luck is matchless, perhaps you may find other opportunities. Haha, at that time, you should be careful and don’t let us follow you, haha!”

As he was speaking, the several figures slowly moved closer.

Powerful yuan qi surged. Every figure was of the Great Saint realm cultivation level.

Even the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit now also possessed Great Saint realm yuan qi. It was unknown how many times more powerful he was compared to back then.

Under the imposing pressure of the six powerful Saint experts, even if someone was as strong as Ye Qingyu, it still felt a little suffocating.

It seemed that the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit had also obtained a lot of opportunities in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss. Otherwise it was impossible for him to have improved so rapidly. The Sinful Pit was now one of the top extraordinary forces in the Vast Thousand Domains, and as long as there were enough opportunities, they could shape the Young Lord into a top expert. Although Ye Qingyu had encountered infinite exceptional opportunities, now he only possessed the cultivation base of the Saint realm and physical strength of the pinnacle of the Great Saint realm. While although the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit had not had as many lucky opportunities as Ye Qingyu, his background had made up for it.

The cultivation base he had was around the same level as that of the Saintess of Jade Pearl.

Thoughts were flashing in Ye Qingyu's mind as he began to understand the situation.

Of course, these were all distracting thoughts.

He must not retreat no matter what they said.

“Hahaha, very good, I have to thank Young Lord for thinking so highly of me, but I'm afraid I have to disappoint you. I only accidentally found the [Dragon Palace], and so far have not found any treasure or opportunity.” Ye Qingyu let out a long sigh, maintaining an indifferent expression. “The reason I stopped in front of this Immortal Palace is just because the ancient formations ahead are too dangerous that I don’t dare to go any further. You want this Immortal Palace? Fine, I'll give it to you.”

After all, he was outnumbered, and what he could do was only stall for time.

As he spoke, he slowly moved to the side, stepping out of the way.

But such a simple move made the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit and the other people have a slight change of expression, feeling a little unsure for a moment.

Originally they were certain that there must be Immortal opportunity and treasures in the Immortal Palace. However, now they were somewhat hesitant, especially when they saw the expression on Ye Qingyu's face, and for a moment really did not dare to push open the door of the Immortal Palace.

That was not to say that they really believed in Ye Qingyu's words.

It was that they were worried there would be danger.

What if there were some kind of terrifying formation on the steps of the Immortal Palace, or that there were killing prohibitions the moment they pushed open the door of the Immortal Palace? Along the way, the horrendous formations in the [Dragon Palace] had already reduced their party from ten Great Saint experts and twenty Saint realm experts to the remaining six people. The others were all buried in the terrifying [Dragon Palace] formation.

“Stop there, you, go and open the door of the Immortal Palace.” The Great Saint expert on the right suddenly ordered Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu smiled, “What? Are you afraid of death?”

The Great Saint expert did not respond.

Of course he was afraid of death.

Experts of the Great Saint realm were high and mighty sovereign-like existences in the outside world, but once stepped into the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor they were no different from ordinary martial artists. It was unknown how many had died on this trip, and it was no exaggeration to say that in just a few days of time, the number of Great Saint realm experts that had perished here added together was more than the number of Saint experts that had fallen in the past thousands of years.

Time, location, and level, determined such a tragedy.

“You are already a caged bird, a turtle in a well, if you are obedient then we can spare you your life, otherwise, haha...” Another Great Saint expert of the Sinful Pit laughed sinisterly. “We don’t mind killing the most outstanding heaven's prideling of the Human Race, not to mention that, if you were to die here nobody will know about the truth. Even if its known, our Sinful Pit would not afraid... Kid, think it over. Obediently go over there and open the door of the Immortal Palace, or die!

Ye Qingyu expressionlessly returned to his original position when he heard these words.

Standing at the bottom of the steps of the Immortal Palace hall, he coldly looked at the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit and the others, struggled and hesitated for a moment before he finally turned around slowly and stepped foot onto the stairs to the Immortal Palace...

“Wait!” The Young Lord of the Sinful Pits cried out all of a sudden.

Ye Qingyu turned around, looking at him coldly.

“Walk slowly and slow down your speed.” The eyes of the Young Lord, whose hair was like a birds nest, were flashing a strange light, exchanging glances with the Great Saint next to him.

The Great Saint nodded, activating his yuan qi to its peak, increasing vigilance, and walked over, following ten steps behind Ye Qingyu.

They were afraid of danger in the Immortal Palace.

Also afraid that Ye Qingyu would flash into Immortal Palace at lightning speed and take the opportunity first.

To tell the truth, the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit really felt like he had eaten a dead mouse. It was unfortunate that many of his subordinates had been killed outside of the [Dragon Palace], otherwise he could have ordered a few of his subordinates to be cannon fodder and test the path ahead, and wouldn’t have been so troubled.

“Continue.” His eyes were fixed on Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu clenched his teeth, slowly stepping towards the door of the Immortal Palace.

Nothing unexpected happened as he climbed the several steps.

The people of the Sinful Pit breathed a sigh of relief.

Ye Qingyu came to before the door of the Immortal Palace, slowly stretched out his hands to push open the double doors.

Just as his hands were about to touch the doors, his body suddenly shook.

The Great Saint expert behind him cried out in shock, his mind like a stretched bow, and his tyrannical yuan qi was about to erupt like a mountain torrent.

But it did not continue to happen. Ye Qingyu did not move further, and his body only stiffened slightly.

“What's going on?” The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit frowned.

At this moment, suddenly there was violet lightning curling around Ye Qingyu's palms, which seemed to have scattered out from the door of the Immortal Palace. Ye Qingyu's body was trembling all over, and an indescribable Immortal aura spread out, shrouding Ye Qingyu from head to toe. Under the bright silk-like rays of light, Ye Qingyu, who was clad in a white robe, seemed like he was ascending to heaven and becoming an Immortal.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 990:


Chapter 1006, Sword Immortal

Immortal aura?

At this moment, whether it was the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit or the several other Great Saint experts, such a thought came into their mind.

However, at this moment, Ye Qingyu cried out in an incomparably surprised tone of voice.

Then, as though he had discovered something astonishing, couldn't help bursting into loud laughter, “Hahaha, it turns out that there is such an opportunity hidden in the Immortal Palace, hahaha, I understand...”

At this point, the Great Saint expert behind him couldn't control himself any longer.

He darted over, “What opportunity, the path is clear, little boy, move aside, do you want to die?”

But at this moment, Ye Qingyu, who had been trembling all over all this time, suddenly twisted around.

“Die!”

With a clear roar, violet sword light rapidly flashed.

A blaze of sword intent, like the first light of the heavens and earth, erupted all of a sudden, instantly occupying the field of vision of the Great Saint expert of the Sinful Pit.

His jaw dropped.

In a flash, his hair stood up on its ends and an unprecedented crisis of death shrouded his heart.

Retreat.

Quickly retreat.

“[Sky-seizing Jade Palm]!”

The yuan qi in his body was booming like an explosion, and as he retreated rapidly he also made a move.

Numerous formation brilliances were flashing, as he repeatedly sent out one palm strike after another, each palm possessing earth-shaking power. Divine power surged and even the space in front seemed to be tearing apart. The divine formation power gathered and evolved into a white jade palm, protecting him like a shield.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The violet sword light transformed into tens of millions of bolts of violet lightning.

In the Void, the fragments of the collision between the terrifying sword light and the jade palm scattered. The aftermath of the powerful qi like a raging tide bombarded everything around.

“Little bastard, you want to die...” the Great Saint roared, flashing a divine light.

He did not expect that, under such a situation, the little bastard would dare to trick him.

“It's you who will die.”

Ye Qingyu’s figure flashed, chased after the Saint experts, made a grabbing motion in the Void, and pulled up a streak of remaining violet lightning like picking a flower. As it vibrated in his hand, it turned into a dazzling violet lightning sword.

Sword light overflowed.

Wisps of sword intent like spring wind and rain completely enveloped the Great Saint of the Sinful Pit.

“Ignorant junior, my cultivation base is at the Great Saint realm, you think your sneak attack would be successful against me?” The Great Saint of the Sinful Pit roared with furious laughter, strong power of laws rushing forth, like an immemorial mountain. “Without attacking, this ignorant child...”

Before his voice faded away.

His figure was all of a sudden stifled by a sword.

His words ended abruptly with a grunting sound.

The tip of a green sword pierced out from his chest.

Drip!

A wisp of blood trickled to the ground.

The blood dripped onto the ground, producing a metallic clang, like a blood pearl rolled onto the crystal ground, whirling and spinning around and around.

“You... I...”

He looked down at the tip of a sword, his face twisted in shocked disbelief, feeling a storm-like force raging in his body. In a split second, it had already destroyed all the life force in his body and simply did not allow him to resist in the slightest. Even if he had tens of millions of remarkable abilities he was not able to display them.

A white figure flashed.

Ye Qingyu was merciless. The violet lightning sword stabbed through the space between his brows, and thereby destroying the sea of knowledge of the Great Saint expert of the Sinful Pit.

“This is a Great Saint expert of the Sinful Pit?”

Ye Qingyu relaxed his grip, and with a piercing sound the violet lightning sword turned into a ray of light, vanishing in the Void.

He smiled, “Not that impressive, so ordinary, killed like slaughtering a pig!”

The change at that moment was over in a flash, like a falcon swooping down.

By the time the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit and the others reacted, the Great Saint expert, a veteran of hundreds of battles, had already fallen.

It was not that the strength of Ye Qingyu had surpassed that of the Great Saint, but he, from the beginning, had fallen into Ye Qingyu’s trap.

Stepping aside the palace hall, then forced to come back, and then forced to be cannon fodder to test the path ahead, and finally it was the so-called strange change of the door of the Immortal Palace...

All this, was within Ye Qingyu's calculation.

It was not that the Great Saint expert was careless, instead he had been on the alert all this time, but this kind of vigilance meant that, from the beginning to end, all his qi was like a bow pulled and stretched to its utmost. After Ye Qingyu’s continuous changes, his qi also began to drain. As they say ‘the fighting spirit is aroused by the first roll of drums, depleted by the second, and exhausted by the third’. At that moment, when he thought the door of the Immortal Palace was about to open, the treasures and opportunity were about to appear, his mind rapidly changed, his qi relaxed, and that was when Ye Qingyu spun around and killed him.

The most important thing was that, of course, on the stone steps behind him, Ye Qingyu had already laid out the [Storm of Swords] beforehand.

Ye Qingyu's mastery of the [God Emperor Sword Mantra] had improved greatly, and now not only was he able to activate the ice sword intent, but also the Green Wind sword intent, and the Lightning and Thunder sword intent.

These were all the inheritance of the Emperor of Thunder and Lightning and the City of Storm.

As they say, wind is invisible, clouds are formless, and among the three great sword intents, the Green Wind sword intent was both invisible and formless, making it the most difficult to detect.

Although Ye Qingyu’s cultivation base had not quite reached the Great Saint realm, but with the [Cloud Top Cauldron's] secret technique of refining the state of mind, his consciousness power had long reached the pinnacle of the Great Saint realm. Moreover, the God Emperor sword intent was a supreme sword mantra. Therefore, the six Great Saints of the Sinful Pit were not in the slightest aware of the Green sword intent buried under the steps of the Immortal Palace.

The Great Saint expert of the Sinful Pit who was suddenly attacked, shocked, exploded with rage, had all his attention fixed in front. Thus he completely did not notice the invisible Green Wind sword intent that had suddenly erupted and a sword had pierced through all his life force.

An unjust death!

“You... what a Ye Qingyu.” The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit fumed, spat out the straw he had been chewing, and suddenly stood straight up, eyes flashing fiercely like a piercing lightning. “It is I who was too careless. The great Human Race deputy envoy, the [Ice Sword Killing God] who had made a name for his massacre, how would he be scared by us. I really shouldn’t have thought that you were really afraid... Haha, I deserve this loss.”

Ye Qingyu smiled in response but did not say anything.

“Back then when I saw you on the Fierce Beast Peak of the Taowu Mountain Range, I already knew that you would become a talent of the Human Race in the future. At that time I was too busy to kill you and had let you lived to this day.” The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit fumed. Even if the Sinful Pit was a great force in the world, the loss of a loyal Great Saint expert was still similar to cutting off a chunk of flesh, which was a consequence of his carelessness.

“Now you still have a chance.” Ye Qingyu stood with hands clasped behind his back, exuding an imposing majesty, “Why not come up and try?”

There were sword light circulating around him, sometimes invisible like the green wind, suddenly dazzling as a bolt of lightning, and sometimes glistening like ice. It was flickering incessantly, appearing and disappearing, and moving in a very bizarre rhythm.

Sword domain?

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit clenched his teeth.

He was not an expert in sword, but he also knew that it was incredibly difficult to master the art of swordsmanship.

Once swordsmanship was cultivated into sword intent, it was then the sword domain. In the sword domain, everything could act as a sword, and thousands of swords could be born or destroyed with one thought. The swords can transform into all things, can contain the intent of all things, and everything can be turned into swords. One sword can break all laws. He didn't expect Ye Qingyu to have reached this level.

In the face of Ye Qingyu's arrogant challenge, the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit was inwardly burning with fury and almost stepped forward to accept the challenge.

But his last trace of rational thought made him restrain himself.

The trip to the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor was not to prevail over others, nor for fame and reputation, but for the opportunities and treasures. There was no time to be wasted here, thus now was not the moment to show off.

“Kill him!”

He gently waved his hand.

The three mysterious black figures behind him, after a moment of hesitation, simultaneously acted.

With the three Great Saint experts jointly making a move, even if Ye Qingyu had endless hidden cards on him and remarkable sword intent, it was impossible for him to withstand.

In the Void, countless black shadows drew across, as if they had transformed into tens of millions of figures, like a cluster of black fog, also resembling a black demonic python, frantically coiling around. Not to mention the figure of Ye Qingyu, even the entire Immortal Palace seemed to have been submerged in the shadows.

“Lightning!” Ye Qingyu bellowed.

Rumble!

Countless streaks of violet lightning suddenly split the Void.

A bolt of lightning equalled to a violet sword light.

Tens of thousands of streaks of lightning swords had directly pierced through the dense shadows.

All black shadows were instantly swept away by the lightning sword intent.

But it was at this moment that Ye Qingyu felt a feeling of extreme danger shrouding him.

He clasped his hands in front of his chest, as two giant ice swords appeared in his hands. The body of the swords was sparkling and translucent as jade, and the handle was at least half a meter wide, covered with silver formation markings. The sword intent like green mist was scattering around. The pair of swords formed a cross in front of his chest, like a double-sided giant shield of gold and jade, protecting him.

Boom!

Almost at the same time, three beams of black light, like lightning strikes that could destroy the world, violently bombarded the ice swords.

This was the cooperative attack of three Great Saints.

Boom!

The ice swords shattered, turning into sputtering fragments of snow and ice.

Ye Qingyu reeled back, feet ploughed furrows on the ground, shattering the crystal floor. He stumbled back six meters, before he stabilized his body on the steps of the Immortal Palace with the stamp of his left foot, which sent the whole Immortal Palace quaking.

“The joint attack of three Great Saints is really terrifying.”

Ye Qingyu trembled inwardly.

His physical strength had long reached the pinnacle of the Great Saint realm, and could be said to be glorious and world-shaking, but still couldn’t take on the full-strength strike of three Great Saints.

“[Storm of Swords]”

Ye Qingyu pushed and spun his hands.

Suddenly there were Green Wind sword intent all around, spinning like vortexes, forming thousands of brilliance of sword intent and tearing the Void, as if to destroy the world. It was extremely terrifying.

The same move from the present Ye Qingyu was countless times more terrifying than it was before.

In the Void there were three black shadows flowing around the terrifying sword light, but never neared Ye Qingyu's body.

After all, this sword move came from the ancient bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

But the pressure that Ye Qingyu was under was also extraordinary.

He had a clear feeling that the moment his [Storm of Swords] could not keep up, the three black shadows would instantly attack him like maggots feeding on a corpse.

The joint attack of Great Saint experts was just too terrifying.

Ye Qingyu increased his vigilance several hundred times.

But he did not know how much more shocked the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit was.

Back then on the Fierce Beast Peak, Ye Qingyu was only a gifted youngster of the Human Race, possessed cultivation base of only the Immortal Step realm. But now, in such a short period of time, he was able to face against three Great Saint experts at the same time. Such a rate of growth was simply in defiance of the natural order. Looking at the white-robed human youngster, who was like a Sword Immortal, the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit really found it difficult to understand——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 991:


Chapter 1007, Fire

No matter what, he must kill Ye Qingyu today.

This was the only thought in the mind of the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit.

Ye Qingyu's power and talent had completely shocked him. From Ye Qingyu, he vaguely saw an invincible demeanor. This was the demeanour of a Martial Arts Emperor. Therefore he had no doubt that, if he were to let Ye Qingyu continue to grow stronger, he would grow into an invincible existence. Since they had already angered Ye Qingyu today, then it would be best to directly eradicate the roots. In this regard, the hidden trouble would be destroyed while it is still in a sprouting state.

Boom! Boom!

Deafening roars and rumbles constantly broke out.

Three Great Saint experts had joined forces, but still failed to kill Ye Qingyu——Not to mention kill, they could not even suppress him.

“Young Lord, this boy is strange, and seemed to have adapted well to the power of the laws of the God and Demon Age,” another Great Saint expert reminded with a bewildered face.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit nodded.

He also could tell.

Since the news of the arrival of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor had spread, everybody was shaken. First there were violent demonic aura circulating around the Wei River Mountain Range, then it was followed by changes in the laws of heaven and earth and the spirit qi tide changed. After the real Reincarnation Hall had descended, the law of heaven and earth was completely in an ancient state. For experts that had been used to the laws of heaven and earth of the present world, their strength was reduced by at least three or four times, including the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit.

But now it seemed that, Ye Qingyu was not in the slightest suppressed, and instead was like a fish in water.

Could it be that this person cultivates the martial arts of the God and Demon Age?
A thought flashed in the mind of the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit.
Yes, this Ye Qingyu had risen so abruptly, and was without the slightest inheritance and background, yet he could soar to the sky. He must have received some ancient inheritance of the God and Demon Age, only that could make him become so strong in such a short period of time. There was not much of such God and Demon inheritance, could it be... the inheritance of an ancient emperor?

With this thought, the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit drew a deep breath.

He was absolutely certain that he had clearly seen through Ye Qingyu's hidden card.

Just then, there was another sudden change in the battle.

A low grunt.

A tragic scream.

Both sounded at the same time.

Ye Qingyu had suffered a palm strike to his chest, flesh caved in at a depth of one finger. There was an incomparably clear palm print, and the sunken in flesh and blood was contaminated with thick ink-like black colour, like black flames were blazing, producing piercing sounds. At the same time a black sword had pierced his back, three inches into the body...

And one of the mysterious black figures was enveloped in crackling violet lightning, black smoke frantically being emitted from his body and vaguely there was a barbecued smell. His body collapsed like a broken kite, slamming into a mermaid-shaped crystal statue hundreds of meters away...

“Hahaha, so he's the same as Feng Wuhen, had become a Great Saint through devouring power. His essence and yuan qi are not pure, how could he fight against me?”

Ye Qingyu burst into loud laughter, sound waves surging, heroic spirit soaring to the sky.

It turned out that he had directly exchanged injuries with injuries, forcibly received the two moves of the two Great Saint experts, and then with a full-strength attack, directly struck the third Great Saint expert. The lightning sword intent directly penetrated into the opponent's body, instantly twisted his meridians and dantian world.

“Pfff...”

As the body slid down from the crystal mermaid statue, half the body was already destroyed. He struggled a few times, black blood flowed like a river, and wisps of black mist gushed out of his body like a leaking balloon. But he could not stand up and had lost the power to fight again.

It was evident that he was not going to survive.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit and the others drew a deep breath.

“Haha, as I predicted, the Sinful Pit had become the dogs of the Saintess of Jade Pearl?”

Ye Qingyu's move had succeeded and seemed like he was unwounded. His body shook, and powerful aura burst out from his body. With a piercing sound, his white robe ripped apart, exposing his upper body, muscles were clearly defined like they were carved from a knife. Under the illumination of the extraordinary crystal brilliance of the [Dragon Palace], his body appeared to be as flawless as white jade crystals, glowing with a divine light.

It was just that the injuries on his chest and back was a terrifying sight.

Especially the palm print on his chest, which the sinister black force had begun to spread.

“Humph, nonsense, what does the matter of the Sinful Pit have to do with the Jade Pearl Sect?” The expression on the Young Lord’s face changed, eyes clouded, and then with a cold snort he immediately smiled a sinister smile. “Exchange injury with injury? This is the stupidest thing I’ve seen. We still have four people but you are seriously wounded, how can you fight against us? Today you will no doubt die.”

“Then let's see if you're capable of it.” The muscles on Ye Qingyu's back vibrated, sending the black sword inserted into his back flying out. The muscle instantly closed and not a drop of blood seeped out. However the wound was still cloaked by a faint black force, constantly corroding the surrounding flesh. As though he did not feel anything he grinned, “Are you not in a hurry? Why are you hesitating, attack together.”

He was going to battle against four.

“Arrogant.” A Great Saint of the Sinful Pit raged violently, about to make a move.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit waved his hand, motioning him not to be reckless.

He had seen Ye Qingyu's tricks many times before, including in Sunrise City and Chaos Storm where he had successively killed several experts. He could be described as cunning and unpredictable, and even the thought made one fearful.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit was not usually an overcautious person, but in the face of Ye Qingyu, he did not know when it started, but it was as though a seed of fear had been planted in him. Even if Ye Qingyu now looked miserable, severely wounded and unable to endure, he still felt that he was up to some sort of trick.

At this time, in the Void, a cold and sinister laughter sounded, “Kekeke... you have been poisoned by the dark force, it is only a matter of time before you turn into a pool of blood, yet you still dare to boast shamelessly. The Third Deputy Envoy of the Human Race is finished.”

It was the voices of the other two mysterious black figures.

The two had transformed into black glimmer of light, almost undetectable to the naked eye, rapidly shuttling in the Void, searching for Ye Qingyu's flaw. They were like tigers looking for their prey, constant pressuring Ye Qingyu, and forcing him to continue to activate qi to resist. That way it would accelerate the corrosive force of the poison. They were waiting for the moment the dark toxic force completely erupted in Ye Qingyu's body.

And with the passage of time, Ye Qingyu was indeed affected.

His sword intent and sword light were no longer as sharp and tyrannical as before.

His imposing manner was quietly weakening.

The black palm print that was originally on the chest position had spread and expanded, and black flaming qi had already infected his entire upper body. The sword wound on his back, which he had sealed previously, overflowed with blood, and even his blood was dyed a dark colour... It was clear that he was almost unable to support any longer.

“Pff!”

Ye Qingyu staggered, spurting out a jet of blood.

He began to feel like he was floating.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Several other dark palm markings were printed on Ye Qingyu's body.

The domain of [Storm of Swords] had finally revealed a flaw, which was captured by the other side. Although it was only a tentative attack, but it had really wounded Ye Qingyu, making the two dark Great Saint experts more and more determined to continue and to pressure Ye Qingyu.

Streams of black and red blood trickled down Ye Qingyu's leg and flowed along the stone steps of the Immortal Palace.

His imposing manner had declined significantly, and now was less than two-thirds of what it was before the battle.

Although the sword form and sword domain were intact, they were already unable to defend against the pressure and attack from the two dark Great Saint experts. His moves were no longer as perfect as before and there were increasingly more flaws appearing.

“Kill!”

“Die!”

The two dark Great Saint experts were perfectly poised, and after continuous verifications of the flaw, they cooperatively launched a killing move like they had read each other's mind.

The black demonic formation sword had pierced through at an unbelievable angle, which was Ye Qingyu's biggest flaw, instantly crumbling his sword domain defense. Following a metallic clatter, sparks sputtering, and a moment of blur, all the confusion had faded away.

The demonic formation swords were stabbed right into Ye Qingyu's body.

One sword had pierced through from the left chest area and out from the back.

Another sword had stabbed into his waist and through the back.

The sword body was flashing with demonic black flame, incinerating all objects.

The hilt of the sword was held in the hands of the two dark Great Saint experts.

Their hands were also blazing with dark demonic flames, and demonic force was frantically being activated in their body, pouring into the formation sword and into Ye Qingyu's body as though it could completely kill Ye Qingyu in a split second.

Everything seemed to have come to an end.

The legend of the Human Race was going to disappear.

There was a look of joy on the face of the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit.

Was the man, who had created countless legends, finally going to die?

But...

In the split second that the demonic force penetrated into Ye Qingyu's body, unexpected changes happened once again. No one had noticed, and it was unknown when or what was the reason. In short, it was something that no warning sign could explain. Two dragon claws that were covered in silver crystals stretched out to crush the head of the two dark Great Saint experts.

It was like an iron claw squeezing a rotten peach.

It was effortless, quick, and without the slightest hesitation.

Demonic flame, unwillingly and in despair, began to disperse.

Also scattered along with it were the fierce and murderous glow in the eyes of the two dark Great Saint experts.

And the two hands that clung to the formation demonic swords had lost all their strength in a flash.

The dragon claws, which had crushed the heads of the Great Saints, did not pause in the slightest, transformed into a fist at lightning speed, slamming a punch into the chests of the two dark Great Saints, and instantly destroyed all the life force in their bodies and killed their last hope.

Boom! Boom!

The bodies of the two dark Great Saint experts flew out like rags, knocking into the crystal walls in the distance and turned into minced flesh.

“Damn, it hurts.”

Ye Qingyu grinned, instantly wrenched out the demonic formation swords that had stabbed into his body and tossed them aside.

His complexion was pale, eyes were dark, and he spewed a mouthful of black blood as he staggered and almost fell to the ground.

After all, his opponent was not one Great Saint expert, but three. Although, like the Greater One Spiritual Master, they had rapidly progressed to the Great Saint realm through some kind of dark demonic force devouring the essence of others, but they had obviously reached the Great Saint realm earlier than the Greater One Spiritual Master and were much stronger. It was almost impossible to take on all three of them at once.

Ye Qingyu had done it.

He had exchanged the life of the three dark Great Saint experts with a body of wounds.

Such an achievement would definitely stir the world if it got out.

But the problem now was that, after killing the three dark Great Saints, Ye Qingyu was truly exhausted.

It was absolutely impossible for him to stand up to face the Young Lord as well as the Saint experts of the Sinful Pit.

Crouching down on the steps of the Immortal Palace, Ye Qingyu gasped for breath. His face was pale, and his body almost depleted of strength. Adding to this he could feel the dark poisonous force scurrying in his body and must immediately treat his injuries.

As a result, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] rotated out.

Red flames sprayed out of the cauldron, surrounding the entire Immortal Palace.

[Red Lotus Hellfire].

Incinerate the world.

The flame was the [Red Lotus Hellfire] that made souls weep and Gods worry——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 992:


Chapter 1008 Emperor descends

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit and the only remaining Great Saint expert had escaped from the [Dragon Palace] with ashen faces.

The two were completely aghast.

But they had to leave.

Thinking about the bizarre scene in the Immortal Palace, where Ye Qingyu, under the protection of the [Red Lotus Hellfire], operated qi to heal his injuries and entered into a state that his entire body was transparent like jade, whether it was the Young Lord or the Great Saint, felt a feeling of extreme uneasiness. Anybody could tell that Ye Qingyu had made a huge harvest after the battle, a breakthrough, and that his strength would most likely soar to the Great Saint realm.

In the Saint realm, Ye Qingyu was already able to kill three Great Saint experts, then how terrifying would he be once he stepped into the Great Saint realm?

The two felt a chill running down their spine at the thought of this.

The reason that they followed Ye Qingyu this time was not as the Young Lord had said, but that they were indeed instructed to take action, because the [Camp] wanted to deal with Ye Qingyu. The three dark Great Saint experts who had died in the hands of Ye Qingyu as well as the other men who had died under the various formations of the [Dragon Palace] were all in fact forces of the [Camp].

But the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit was not against such an order.

What he had said to Ye Qingyu before were not all lies. He indeed did admire Ye Qingyu's luck very much, especially since the trip to the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, where the one who benefited the greatest was not him, nor the Saintess of Jade Pearl, but Ye Qingyu, a nobody. Adding to this, Ye Qingyu’s name had shook the Road of Chaos, allowing him to be promoted to the Third Deputy Envoy of the Human Race, an incredibly high position. All this indicated that Ye Qingyu's luck was in defiance of the natural order. During the exploration of a place like the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, luck was sometimes more important than strength. Thus he took advantage of the situation for his benefit and accepted the order to come follow Ye Qingyu, and was always ready to jump out and pick the peaches when Ye Qingyu had a heaven-defying encounter.

Who would have thought that, not only was he not able to pick any peach, but would instead hit the iron plate.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit had originally felt that, the joint forces of the dozens of top Saint experts as well as his seven Great Saint experts were difficult to win against even for a Quasi-emperor. Moreover they were situated in a secret place, where it should have been incredibly easy to deal with Ye Qingyu. Who would have thought that Ye Qingyu was able to kill four Great Saint experts.

While Ye Qingyu was healing under the protection of the [Red Lotus Hellfire], the two Great Saint experts had attempted to take advantage of the time to get rid of Ye Qingyu through various means. But in the end, they were always blocked by the [Red Lotus Hellfire] and could not get close to Ye Qingyu

Most importantly, they saw that, after operating qi for an hour, Ye Qingyu had completely removed the dark poison in his body and had entered into a strange divine state. His wounds had completely recovered, his muscles were translucent-looking, and his bones resembled gold. It looked as though his muscles were made of ice and bones of gold. His entire body was exuding Immortal aura. It was evident that he was constantly breaking through the boundary.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit was both furious and anxious upon seeing this.  Fortunately he was a Heaven's prideling, able to take something up and put it down with equal ease. The moment the situation did not look too good for him he immediately fled.

He was going to flee.

Since he could not kill Ye Qingyu at his weakest moment and could not stop him from healing and ascending, then he could only run.

Otherwise, when Ye Qingyu had fully recovered and his strength had soared, the situation would be completely different. Even if he were to join hands with the other Great Saint he still would not be able to do anything to Ye Qingyu, and instead may bring disaster to himself.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit understood this quite well.

Therefore since they were fleeing, then they should run a little faster.

After getting out of the [Dragon Palace], avoiding the surrounding various hidden ancient formations, his speed, almost like lightning, flashed toward the depths of the lake.

“If this time, I don’t make any harvest in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor then, when I see that Ye Qingyu again, I will have no choice but to retreat...” The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit couldn’t help holding a grudge. Ever since he had come into the Vast Thousand Domains, besides the last encounter with that woman, had he ever suffered such a big defeat?

All of a sudden there was a strange obstructing force ahead.

Huh?

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit was taken aback for a moment, then all his hair stood on its end, as a dangerous feeling enveloped his body.

When he looked up, a figure in a golden robe was slowly coming towards him. In the water, where the dark waves were like huge dark stars, the person was extremely small, but for some reason, when he appeared in his field of vision it felt as though an immemorial star had completely blocked their way. No matter from which direction, even if they had tried to move around, they still couldn’t move away from the figure.

The road was blocked.

“Who are you? How dare you block the path, you want to die, get out of the way!”

The Great Saint on the other side, who already had a bellyful of repressed grievances, couldn't hold back his fury. His eyes flashed, sending out a palm strike of destructive mighty force. Like a vicious dragon soaring into the air, a palm force of hundreds of meters long smashed the Void, aiming toward the golden-robed figure.

How terrifying was the full strength attack of an infuriated Great Saint?

In a split second the entire dark lake seemed to have been destroyed.

But the golden-robed figure opposite still had his hands clasped behind his back, coming over slowly and simply cast a glance over them.

All of a sudden, the power of the Great Saint expert went still, the terrifying palm force vanished like snow melting under the scorching sun.

The broken Void also healed like time had been reversed.

And the Great Saint screamed out in an incomparable shocked voice, like he had encountered the most terrifying thing in the world. His figure quivered, and was instantly erased from the world like a person in a painting.

Quasi-emperor?

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit was pale with fright.

The dark power of law that was surging silently in the Void was not something that someone like him could measure, but even if he had only sensed the slightest trace it was enough to make him understand that the golden-robed figure in front was a supreme Quasi-emperor.

……

……

The fire was blazing.

Ye Qingyu was sat cross-legged on the steps of the Immortal Palace, shrouded in Immortal aura. He had entered into a strange state, muscles becoming transparent like flawless jade, and the blood vessels and bones were clearly visible. The flame red blood vessels were producing loud roaring sounds like a raging river, the golden bones were flashing a dazzling brilliance, and there were numerous incomparably mysterious small formation markings flowing around. It was only the dantian position that was in a state of nothingness, like a blank canvas.

And with the passage of time, the empty dantian region was gradually changing.

A little faintly visible figure, as though it was being sketched out slowly with a paintbrush, appeared in the nothingness.

The outline of the little person was identical to Ye Qingyu.

It was the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger].

Ye Qingyu was now experiencing the most important pass to ascend to the Great Saint realm from the Saint realm.

The [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] was perfect and flawless. The ascension of heaven is known as the Heaven Ascension stage, setting foot on the Immortal steps is known as the Immortal Step realm, and once one knocked on the Immortal gate one can enter the Saint realm. The [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] had stepped across the Immortal gate, reached the pinnacle of cultivation that the human body can achieve, and the mortal body will transform into the Saint body. This side was the Inner Saint realm.

The Saint realm was in fact, the Inner Saint.

There was an ancient saying: inner Saint, outer emperor.

Inner Saints can be called Emperor, but to move further forward, the change was not only the inner Saint. One needs to come out, break the shackles of the human body, and connect with the mighty force of heaven and earth. It is only when one uses the mysteriousness of the tide of heaven and earth that one can reach the ultimate peak that an Inner Saint cannot achieve, command the power of heaven and earth, and would be close to invincible. One’s power is ultimately limited, and although the inner yuan of a Saint is deep and unfathomable it will be eventually consumed. In a fierce battle which had been ongoing for a long while, one’s inner yuan, essence and blood will eventually be used up. However, in the Great Saint realm, the ability to communicate with the power of heaven and earth, allows one to grow continually. The most powerful living creature, as long as it had not transcended worldliness, would be as small and insignificant as an ant in front of heaven and earth.

The reason that a Great Saint can kill Saints was because of this.

Saints could only understand the world and take advantage of the readily available laws of heaven and earth. This usage is based on their degree of understanding of the law, but they cannot reverse the law, and even more cannot command and utilize it. It was the use of borrowing and invocation that creates a huge difference. This was the huge gap between ordinary Saints and Great Saints.

This use of the power of heaven and earth, from a professional point, was the power of law.

At this moment, the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] that drew out from Ye Qingyu’s empty dantian position was making the crucial step of walking out of Inner Saint.

Once he stepped out was when he really enters the Great Saint realm.

To advance from the ordinary Saint realm to the Great Saint realm, one needs to go through the stages of half-step Saint, little Saints, middle stages, great accomplishment, and the pinnacle. For around ninety percent of Saints in the world, they would need to spend their entire lives in these stages, and even thousands of years, and may not necessarily fully achieved these stages. Many talented geniuses had not been able to reach the Great Saint realm, and nobody had ever crossed all these stages in one step.

But Ye Qingyu's experience was really extraordinary.

When he was in this boundary, he was already able to defeat Great Saints. His physical strength had reached an earthshaking point. Moreover, his martial arts cultivation technique, coupled with the nameless breathing technique, which specializes in nothingness, had stored all the various methods and techniques in the ancient bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart] into a furnace. Adding to this, he had the [Cloud Top Cauldron], a suspected emperor weapon, which had strengthened his luck and power. Today he had killed four Great Saint experts, thereby finally triggering a fundamental change.

With the wave-like roaring of the blood that was unceasingly surging, the imposing manner of Ye Qingyu was constantly increasing, increasing, and increasing...

He had broken though the little Saint stage, the middle stage, and the great accomplishment stage in just less than two hours of time, and had reached the pinnacle state.

The little figure in the dantian area was increasingly clear and detailed, the face was evident and was more three-dimensional than before.

It was as though a little Ye Qingyu was about to come out of the dantian area.

Immortal aura was curling up and Ye Qingyu's whole body was increasingly transparent. Not only were his skin jade and bones gold, there was a mysterious aura flowing out from his body, gradually filling the air. With the [Red Lotus Hellfire] in the background, at this moment each strand of hair seemed to be blazing with a divine light, and seemed as if a strand of hair could crush an immemorial mountain.

And with this aura constantly flowing around, Ye Qingyu felt a carefree and relaxed feeling, like he was riding the wind.

It was as though he was not a person of this world anymore.

Ye Qingyu's aura continued to ascend.

Evidently his ascension had not ended.

His brows were slightly knitted, eyes closed, and the expression on his face was sometimes clear, sometimes confused, sometimes ecstatic, and sometimes mournful. It was as though he was experiencing the cycle of nine tribulations and seven lives. There were myriad changes in an instant and eventually gradually grew stable, as he was about to enter the Great Saint realm in one breath.

And that was when, figures appeared in the distance of the [Dragon Palace].

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit who fled in a panic had unexpectedly returned.

It was just that he was not here alone.

He was following behind by a tall, slender and magnificent figure in a golden robe.

“Your highness, it’s here, the person you are looking for is ahead.” The haughty and unruly Young Lord of the Sinful Pit was as obedient as a lamb. There was not the slightest arrogance on his face, and was replaced by deference and respect, as well as deep awe and fear. Even when speaking his voice was shaking.

The golden-robed figure came over slowly and stopped at a hundred meters away from the Immortal Palace.

His eyes rested on the huge [Immortal] word on the Immortal Palace plaque, gazing at it for a long while.

Then, he saw Ye Qingyu who was surrounded by [Red Lotus Hellfire].

“He really is a talent of his generation, the dragon of people. It is understandable that my brother died in the hands of this person.” The figure in a golden robe sighed, eyes filled with appreciation and admiration as he looked at Ye Qingyu. “In this age, such a person had emerged in the Human Race, could it be that the heavens want the Human Race to rise? Unfortunately, in front of me, even the will of the heavens is going to change. By killing this person I can sever the last strand of worldly worry and pursue the great Dao.”

He mumbled to himself, but wore a calm look on his face and did not take action right away.

“Elder, this Ye Qingyu's luck is in defiance of the natural order. He was able to kill Great Saints. Before he makes a breakthrough it’s best to kill him and eliminate the trouble...” The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit couldn’t help urging when he heard this.

The golden-robed figure cast a glance behind him.

The Young Lord felt an extremely painful feeling in his back, like an invisible giant hand had clutched his neck, as if that gaze had instantly seen through all his thoughts. He did not dare to move an inch, say a word or even breathe loudly, and only kept his head low. There was sweat all over his body, and he did not even dare to emit a loud breath!

“The Sinful Pit had been handed down for one hundred and eight thousand years. The ancestor of the Sinful Pit had great ambitions to hide the filth of the world, hold the darkness throughout the ages, and bear all of the sins of the reincarnation of hundreds of lives. He was a genius of his generation, unfortunately that year he...” The golden-robed figure smiled, “Who would have thought that the descendants of Sinful Pit would be worse than the previous. For example you, you’re considered a successor to the Sinful Pit but are inferior to a Heaven’s prideling expert of a lower domain. What a disgrace, let’s see how long the Sinful Pit would last.”

The Young Lord buried his head even lower when he heard this.

He frantically discarded all the malice and dissatisfaction in his heart, for fear of them being felt by the golden-robed figure.

“In the end he is a Heaven’s prideling of the Human Race, even if I want to kill him, I have to wait till he is finished. How could Quasi-emperor Mushan attack a junior from behind?”

When the figure in a golden robe finished speaking, his eyes again fell back on the [Immortal] word on the Immortal Palace plaque. He was incredibly patient, not at all anxious, calmly waiting for Ye Qingyu to finish his breakthrough, instead it was as though he was guarding for Ye Qingyu, preventing any interference.

The Young Lord of the Sinful Pit stood quietly on one side and dared not say a word.

It was unknown how long had passed.

Ye Qingyu suddenly opened his mouth, drawing Immortal aura into his mouth like a whale sucking water.

The [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] in his dantian was opening its mouth at the same time, inhaling lightly, like the first breath of a newborn baby.

He opened his eyes.

His eyes pierced the Void like lightning——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

