Chapter 1249:


Chapter 1263, The door opens

For the next few days, the Sky Emperor had tried all kinds of methods to break through the door of the Light Palace to no success.

In the space-time torrent, his power was no longer suppressed.

Even as a soul he could fight against a present age Martial Emperor, but couldn’t open this door.

This was maddening.

He was aware of the origin of the Light Palace, and that it did not belong to this world. It was also a coincidence that the Divine Light Emperor got this treasure. But even the Divine Light Emperor should not have the ability to modify the Light Palace. However, he was still unable to open the door despite following the previous methods. Thinking it over and over, there was only one possibility, that is, when the Divine Light Emperor taught him the laws of the palace control, he did not pass everything to him, and instead had some reservations.

This made the Sky Emperor realize that it was quite possible that, for a long period of time before the war, the Divine Light Emperor did not fully trust him.

This discovery made him feel indignant and angry.

“From the beginning, you didn't trust me... then you can't blame me for my betrayal at the last minute.” The Sky Emperor's face was gloomier than ever before.

His logic was strange.

And the sovereigns of the Dark Realm next to him, after coming to the time-space torrent, although still situated on a rotating platform, unable to sublimate, there wasn't any kind of natural repression here like that in the Vast Thousand Domains. Their strength had recovered greatly, but in front of the raging Sky Emperor, they still couldn’t help but tremble with fear. For a long period of time, they had become accustomed to being dominated by the Sky Emperor, and had long lost their dignity and honour.

“Attack together to refine it for me.”

The Sky Emperor came up with a solution.

The full operation of the Light Palace requires a great deal of energy.

Since the Light Palace was activated to this degree, he was certain that it was because the Empress of the Seven Fingers Race was pouring power into the core of the Light Palace. However, she had just become Emperor, thus with her strength being consumed greatly by the Light Palace, how much longer could she withstand? Sooner or later she will be exhausted, and even if she had the support of Wen Wan and other people, they could only delay them for a period of time. In order to find Lan Tian, the Sky Emperor had been searching for countless years. There was no harm in waiting for a few more days, right?

Moreover, it was impossible for the Light Palace to run away. With just enough grinding, everything would be in his hands soon.

When the Sky Emperor thought of this, a sinister smile came onto his face.

He taught a set of formation techniques to the dozen sovereigns of the Dark Realm so that they could work together to bring out the strongest combination power, and then bombard the silver door of the Light Palace in order to consume its protective power.

How terrifying was the combined attack of dozens of sovereigns of the past.

The beams of light, which contained the power of destruction, bombarded the door of the palace, and like raindrops rippling on pond water surface, the door began to move rapidly.

The Sky Emperor, on the other hand, stood to one side, resumed his indifference, and began to observe and command.

Time passed by.

In the blink of an eye, one month of time had passed.

The ripples on the silver door of the Light Palace were still rapidly flashing, and there did not seem to be any noticeable change.

But the Sky Emperor could sense that the protective power of the palace was deteriorating little by little.

It made him very satisfied.

“Continue,” he said with a cold smile.

Although the dozens of sovereigns of the Dark Realm had consumed a great deal of energy, but under the majesty of the Sky Emperor, they constantly continued to operate the formation without pausing, bombarding the silver door together.

Everything had faded in the space-time torrent.

The Light Palace, like a ship that had lost its control, was flowing in the middle of the current, with no direction, no destination.

Time flew by.

In a blink of an eye, half a year was gone.

The ripples on the silver door of the Light Palace were getting lighter and weaker.

A smile began to form on the Sky Emperor's face.

“In at most three months, the Empress of the Seven Fingers Race won’t be able to support any longer.”

He had already predicted the exact time of the opening of the palace door.

He was very patient like a man fishing on a platform. The more he was closer to the critical moment, the more he was in no hurry.

He had already waited for countless eras, why worry about the last little time.

He simply considered it as the last calmness and enjoyment before the arrival of the most brilliant and dazzling inside.

It can be imagined that the people in the Light Palace were already on the verge of madness, right?

Another month passed by.

“Two months away...” The Sky Emperor once again agreed with his previous judgment that the silver door of the palace had deteriorated exactly as he had expected, and that everything was within calculation, without any error.

However, it was at this point that, all of a sudden, an unexpected change occurred.

A majestic power, like a cosmic star, burst out of the silver door.

The dozen sovereigns of the Dark Realm, who were bombarding the door with all their strength, unable to defend themselves, were blasted out, like gourds rolling down the steps, injured and spurting out jets of blood...

Huh?

What happened?

The Sky Emperor did not care to look at his subordinates at all, but instinctively turned to the silver door of the palace.

The silver door was slowly opening.

It was a slender figure, glowing with silvery light, as though reborn from the blazing silver flames. He was handsome and tall, Emperor qi curling around his body, and his posture resembled a divine sword. Silhouetted against the light, he was slowly walking out of the door of the Light Palace

“We meet again.”

To the Sky Emperor, this clear voice was incredibly familiar.

……

……

North of the defensive line of the northwest great wall of the Dark Realm.

Millions of kilometers into the depths of the Chaos Domain, Ye Qingyu and Song Xiaojun came to an ancient mountain castle.

Countless Invaders were frantically attacking the castle.

Ye Qingyu's face revealed an unprecedented surprised expression.

Because he could already sense that the yuan qi and marital arts aura coming from the castle was those of Bai Yuanxing and the others. In the great wide world, there was no one more familiar with the characteristics of the [Heavenly Blind Way] more than Ye Qingyu. Moreover, it was only Bai Yuanxing and the others who had cultivated this before. He would absolutely not be wrong on this.

“Go over and look.”

Ye Qingyu and Song Xiaojun came to the castle.

The ancient castle was constructed from a rare strange coloured boulder, as if carved out little by little from a huge, complete mountain. Moreover, the exterior appearance was somewhat terrifying. It looked like a giant skull, with the three doors resembling the mouth and eyes, while the nostrils were the small windows of the three doors. From each of these three doors was a young figure, constantly launching attacks to defend against the Invaders. The familiar martial arts yuan qi aura that Ye Qingyu sensed before was coming from these young figures.

On closer inspection, he found that these young figures were some young boys and girls who seemed to be in a difficult situation. Their clothes were ragged and were clad in some unknown ancient armour, rusty and incomplete, like they were picked up from an ancient battlefield. At first glance they looked like a group of savages, but their strength was not weak in the slightest. All three were basically at the peak of the Saint realm, and their movements were  disciplined and orderly. The three people cooperated to form a battle formation and tightly guarded the three doors. Not even a Great Saint expert could invade the castle.

And the military battle formation the three people adopted was what Ye Qingyu had taught to Bai Yuanxing, Li Ying and Li Qi.

Seeing this, Ye Qingyu was completely certain that the young boys and girls in this castle were the young boys and girls who Ye Qingyu sent to the Immortal God Emperor Sect of the Clear River Domain for training. Although he did not know why these young talents were in the Chaos Domain, but that was unimportant. He had finally found them.

“Fight off these Invaders first.”

Ye Qingyu, with one thought, filled the air with sword intent, like clouds being rolled up by the wind. The Invaders within thousands of kilometers of the ancient castle were instantly slashed to dust by the ubiquitous Emperor sword intent, before they dissipated with the wind. All of the roaring and howling were gone in an instant, and the fierce and vicious scene before seemed like an illusion.

The power of an Emperor, in this moment, was displayed without restraint.

And in the castle, the young boys and girls who were fighting to the death were shocked by this sudden change.

“What happened?” A youngster in a rusty iron armour looked out of the gate.

Another beautiful girl in a relatively intact bronze armour said blankly, “It... seems like we won? The beasts are gone all of a sudden, like they were blown away... Anyway, I can't see any shadow of the beasts, I also can’t see any blood on the ground and the body of the beasts...”

“Strange!” A tall, braver youngster, clasping a bone shield and a broken iron spear, came out of the gate, jumped to a rock and looked up and down, before he cheered, “The beasts are really gone, there isn’t even a shadow... it's safe.”

After some confirmation, many young boys and girls came out of the castle.

They were led by a handsome-looking young man with a hint of craftiness, and although not the tallest, he was well built and was considered as the absolutely strongest among the young boys and girls. The aura that exuded from his body was already of the Quasi-emperor realm. He seemed to be the leader of the group of youngsters. After surveying around for a while, he said strangely, “Doesn't seem right. The beasts have also retreated before but they had never retreated that far, and were always basically within three or four thousand meters. Why is it that this time there isn't a trace of them within tens of thousands of meters? This is too bizarre. Just now there seemed to be a force that instantly killed all of the beasts...”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1250:



Chapter 1264 Scarecrow Spirit
With one glance, Ye Qingyu recognized this crafty-looking youth to be none other than Jin Ling’er.
As for the other young boys and girls, they were undoubtedly the talents originally chosen from the Heaven Wasteland Domain.
The only thing he was uncertain about was why he had not seen Bai Yuanxing.
Could...
A bad feeling formed in his heart.
After he nodded at Song Xiaojun, the two figures descended and appeared in front of Jin Ling’er and the others.
“Who are you?”
“Be careful...”
Seeing the two figures suddenly appearing in front of them, the youths were greatly shocked and immediately put up a reactionary defense out of instinct.
“Everyone, get back now… Huh… isn’t it… Ttt... teacher?” Jin Ling’er shouted and came to his senses. Upon seeing Ye Qingyu’s face clearly, he was taken aback and revealed a disbelieving expression on his face at once. Wiping his eyes incessantly, he could confirm that he was neither dreaming nor mistaken, and he thus became overjoyed.
At this time, the other youths also came to their senses.
The rounds after rounds of selection they had gone through back then could be said to be highly selective, such that they were all personally chosen by Ye Qingyu himself, and thus they had all seen him before. To them, the Ye Qingyu of that time was their supreme martial idol. In particular, when they reached the Immortal God Emperor Sect and heard more of his legends, being warriors of the Heaven Wasteland Domain themselves, their admiration of him grew and hence they naturally kept his face firmly in their minds.
“Lord Ye Qingyu!”
“Lord Ye Qingyu!”
“Goodness, was it Lord Ye Qingyu who killed those ferocious beasts from earlier? That must be the case.”
“Surely I’m not dreaming, Lord Ye Qingyu has arrived to rescue us… Little Four, pinch me… Ouch, that hurts, you didn’t have to use so much force.”
“I’d also like to know if I’m dreaming.”
The young boys and girls jabbered among themselves. Having come to their senses, they could not be any more excited as they hurriedly saluted Ye Qingyu.
“No need to stand on ceremony… Seeing that all of you are safe, I can now rest easy. By the way, Jin Ling’er, where’s your Brother Bai Yuanxing? Why isn’t he here?” Seeing that the youths were mostly unscathed, Ye Qingyu’s heart felt a lot lighter. He had previously chastised himself for choosing them yet not taking good care of them, causing these elite talents of the Heaven Wasteland Domain to fall into trouble. Now, seeing that they were alright, his inner self-reproach dissipated considerably.
Hearing this, Jin Ling’er’s expression became odd. “Teacher, Brother Bai Yuanxing was captured by demons.”
“Huh? How did that happen?” Ye Qingyuwas taken aback.
Demons?
What demons?
Demon Race experts?
“It was an old demon from another ancient castle, a scarecrow spirit who was too powerful for us to defeat. This old demon would capture one person from our [Heroes’ Castle] every day to accompany him in cultivation...” Jin Ling’er replied, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.
“That’s right. That scarecrow spirit was terrifyingly powerful. Even the two hundred of us fighting together were no match for him.”
“That old fellows perverted as hell. He demanded that we follow him in cultivating a few bizarre techniques, and even threw us into an illusory realm where we fought against demonic beasts for his viewing pleasure...”
“However, some of the techniques he imparted are quite interesting.”
“He knows many martial techniques, as if he’s a walking martial library.”
The youths competed among themselves to report to Ye Qingyu.
Although Ye Qingyu could not understand them clearly, he could basically confirm that the scarecrow spirit whom these youths mentioned was not a villain but instead seemed to be their guardian with no apparent malice. He took them one by one from the castle called the [Heroes’ Castle] and forced them into cultivation, and coincidentally, it was Bai Yuanxing’s turn today. As for Li Ying and Li Qi, they seemed to have been thrown into the illusory realm to toughen up by this scarecrow spirit.
However…
A scarecrow spirit?
Sounds weird. Why do I get the feeling that I’ve seen it somewhere before?
A figure formed in Ye Qingyu’s mind.
With the youths clustering round them, Ye Qingyu and Song Xiaojun entered the ancient castle.
The interior space of the ancient castle was far greater than what it seemed from the outside. Clearly, the place was enchanted with some kind of spatial formation, and seemed to be a small world of its own. Inside, there were thousands of houses of various sizes, large halls, a back garden, and more. In particular, the back garden, while called a garden, was actually a huge ancient battlefield whose boundaries could not be seen and on which rested closely-packed skeletons in armor, with clusters of ghostfire hopping about among them. Aside from this, there were also a few herbs growing among them. Perhaps it was because the herbs had been watered with the essence and blood of these battle-fallen experts that they grew at an astonishing rate while diffusing a faint medicinal aroma.
The clothes that the youths originally brought along had long become rotten and tattered. The weapons and armor they were now carrying and wearing were apparently taken from the skeletons on this old battlefield. With the armor barely covering their bodies, they could pass for barbarians.
“Back then, when we were being pursued by the Greater One Sect’s army, Swordsman Liu Shaji led us to escape from the Immortal God Emperor Sect using the [Sky Deceiving Jade Box]. Later, when the Greater One Immortal caught up with us, he sacrificed himself in order to protect us, allowing Brother Bai Yuanxing to leave with the real [Sky Deceiving Jade Box]...” As Jin Ling’er and the other youths recounted what happened back then, their eyes turned red. In particular, Liu Shaji’s sacrificial actions were permanently inscribed in their memories and could never be forgotten. Jin Ling’er continued, “All of the space leading toward the perimeter of the Immortal God Mountain Range was sealed. Caught in an impasse, Brother Bai Yuanxing reversed course and led us into the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. Eventually, guided by a mysterious force, we arrived in this ancient castle. Later, when the Reincarnation Hall collapsed, the ancient castle automatically flew through the air and brought us into this domain.”
With each of them offering a sentence here and there, the youths provided a rough outline of what happened.
“So, you lot have been here for the past few years?” Ye Qingyu nodded, beginning to understand why he was unable to deduce their location and tracks despite using the Emperor Detection Technique multiple times. It turned out that they had been in the Chaos Domain, which, shrouded by chaotic ashes, could indeed be cut off from the probing of the Emperor Detection Technique.
“We’ve basically been in this domain all this time. However, the ancient castle would occasionally change its location on its own, albeit within a circumference of ten thousand kilometers,” Jin Ling’er said.
Hearing this, Ye Qingyu nodded his head. There were many things in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor that were mysterious like no other, possessing unimaginable power, such as the Tusita Palace. Perhaps, during the collapse of the Reincarnation Hall back then, the [Tusita Palace] also flew through the air and left on its own.
Doing a head count, Ye Qingyu found out that there was actually not a single youth less than the number of youths sent to the Immortal God Emperor Sect in the Clear River Domain back then. Since there were no injuries or deaths, he could feel completely at ease.
The days that the youths spent here could be said to be miserable and tough.
They had tidied up a few rooms in the ancient castle to serve as practice rooms and bedrooms, while several large halls became their discussion areas.
Because they had been incessantly troubled by fierce beasts, they were perennially in mortal danger and had to be prepared for battle at all times. This was why they trained hard day and night. Moreover, they had a scarecrow spirit on one side guiding and coaching them by using those peculiar methods, and so their prowess increased like crazy. At present, the weakest among the more than two hundred of them also possessed Saint realm cultivation already. It must be known that when they were sent to the Immortal God Emperor Sect, their average strength was not even at the Spirit Spring stage, while a few had not even cultivated the martial way before. Had it not only been a few years?
This rate of growth was considerably terrifying, and was virtually comparable to Ye Qingyu’s cultivation path.
Their regular sources of food were basically picked from the back garden of the castle, consisting only of herbs that could fill their stomachs. Although two hundred people was not a small number, the fortunate thing was that the back garden was large enough to provide an endless supply of herbs, which could not be considered delicious but nevertheless satisfied the energy requirements of every warrior. Over the past few years, these youths had eaten these herbs until they became brimming with spiritual qi, nearly becoming human deities.
“There are still many rooms in the castle that we cannot open and don’t know what’s inside.” Jin Ling’er pointed at hundreds of rooms in the depths of the castle, each of them possessing inhibitions. When the youths were reclaiming this castle initially, they only opened about three hundred rooms or so. Later, as their strengths increased, they opened another three hundred rooms or so in succession. However, there were still more than three hundred rooms that they could not open and did not know what was inside.
“We’ve discovered many things stored in the rooms that we opened, consisting mainly of weapons and a few cultivation techniques. These are all ancient objects from ages far back, but none of them are ordinary things. We’ve held private discussions and decided to let Brother Bai Yuanxing distribute them,” another old head on young shoulders reported.
Ye Qingyu nodded.
This castle was named as the [Heroes’ Castle] by the youths so as to serve as self-motivation in this dire situation. However, it was obvious that there were many secrets in the castle, probably no less than those in the [Tusita Palace] and other palaces in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.
“This room is the passage that leads to the scarecrow spirit.” Arriving at a specially-marked doorway, Jin Ling’er opened the door and pointed at a jet-black time-space vortex inside.
With one look, Ye Qingyu knew that the vortex was an extremely-ingenious fiendgod teleportation formation.
This kind of formation had an uncommon formation teleportation array. Any divine-level teleportation array that was created based on fiendgod script could not be broken, and could basically last forever.
“This seems like a good time to pay a visit to that expert anyway. Let’s see if he’s indeed the being I know.” Ye Qingyu had an idea.
While Song Xiaojun and the other youths stayed back to guard the ancient castle so as to prevent other changes from occurring, Ye Qingyu entered the vortex in the air above, bringing Jin Ling’er with him.
A splendor flickered.
A feeling of losing weight was felt.
The next moment, he heard the sound of flowing water.
Ye Qingyu inwardly calculated that this teleportation was approximately one hundred thousand kilometers in distance. Looking around him, he realized that they had been teleported to a sea. Great yellow waves surged furiously, while a faint, deathly qi pervaded the world.
Uttering a cry of alarm, Jin Ling’er fell into the water.
Despite his Quasi-emperor-level cultivation, he could not stand on these yellow waves.
“It’s water from the Netherworld Yellow Springs.”
Ye Qingyu grabbed hold of Jin Ling’er and tread both feet on the water’s surface. Faint layers of ripples undulated as the surrounding waves subsided. In little time, all of the waves and billows in the entire sea disappeared, and the surface abruptly became as glossy as a mirror. After feeling himself being enwrapped by a powerful force, Jin Ling’er realized that he could stand steadily on the water’s surface.
He knew at this instant that Teacher’s cultivation and strength had long reached an unimaginable level.
“It’s him.” Jin Ling’er pointed ahead.
A battered boat was drifting in the distance.
© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1251:


Chapter 1265 The Price to Pay

The battered boat was made from rotten black wood, with holes covering its sides and bumpy deck. It looked like it would sink at any time as it drifted wobbly on the calm, glossy surface of the Netherworld Yellow Spring waters.

At the bow sat a person dressed in white robes and whose black hair was fluttering. He naturally possessed an elegant, handsome, and heroic spirit, and his temperament was rather similar to Ye Qingyu’s. However, a black eyeband covered his eyes and was tied behind his back as he sat cross-legged in silence.

At the stern stood a scarecrow that was the height of a regular person.

This was a figure that was put together using dry thatch in an extremely crude fashion, with a topless straw hat worn on its head. It was no different from any scarecrow placed in a wheat field by an old farmer to scare the crows and sparrows off, except that it possessed life and looked extremely bizarre. Its hand, formed from tied-up bamboo branches, were holding a virid-colored bamboo pole of five to six meters in length as it clumsily and slowly steered the battered black boat toward the duo.

It’s indeed “it”.

With one look, Ye Qingyu recognized that this so-called scarecrow spirit was the Netherworld Ferryman he had seen on the Yellow Springs River in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

At that time, the Netherworld Ferryman abused its unmatched strength to force everyone onboard to pay a ferrying fee if they wanted to cross the river successfully. It behaved extremely overbearingly, as if it was committing a robbery. Now, however, it seemed that it had only displayed one percent of its strength back then. This was because Ye Qingyu could clearly feel that the scarecrow’s strength was at the level of past sovereigns, and not average past sovereigns at that. Emperor qi circulated round its entire body like dark surging waves, much more powerful than that of the sovereigns whom Ye Qingyu had met, such as the sovereigns of the Sky Reaching clan, the Lofty Mountain clan, and the Dark Feather clan.

After the Reincarnation Hall collapsed, the Netherworld Ferryman went missing, disappearing together with the water of the Yellow Springs.

Ye Qingyu had never imagined that it had actually come to this chaotic domain together with the water of the Yellow Springs.

“After the Reincarnation Hall collapsed, the ancient castle and the Yellow Springs water came here. Could this chaotic domain have some connection with the Reincarnation Hall?” Ye Qingyu pondered.

By this time, the battered black boat had already drawn near.

Bai Yuanxing sat cross-legged at the bow, seemingly sealed of all his senses while cultivating an unknown technique, and was unaware of Ye Qingyu’s arrival.

“Brother Bai Yuanxing… Brother Bai Yuanxing!?” Jin Ling’er eagerly shouted. Among everyone, Brother Bai Yuanxing was the person who missed Teacher the most. Jin Ling’er could not wait to impart this good news to Bai Yuanxing, but unfortunately, despite operating his Quasi-emperor qi waking techniques, he was unable to wake Bai Yuanxing up.

“The time is not up yet,” the Netherworld Ferryman spoke in a voice that sounded like the friction of two wooden chips.

Ye Qingyu restrained Jin Ling’er from shouting further and cupped his hands gently, saying, “Senior, we meet again.”

The Netherworld Ferryman turned its head mechanically before using its seemingly coal-leveled eyes to gaze up and down at Ye Qingyu, and eventually nodded, saying, “You’ve grown stronger.”

It could perceive Ye Qingyu’s current strength and cultivation level.

However, after a pause, it added, “Still a little short.”

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

What does that mean?

A little short of what?

However, before he opened his mouth and asked, the Netherworld Ferryman continued, “Have you thought things through? What price are you going to pay to thank me?”

Huh?

Ye Qingyu felt that the Netherworld Ferryman was really like its scarecrow body - a little mechanical, incoherent in speech, and unable to clearly express itself.

However, in little time, the latter used actions to explain things clearly. When it held the virid bamboo pole horizontally, Ye Qingyu discovered that there were two faint-yellow strings, invisible to the naked eye, tied to the pole. The other ends of the strings were tied with unknown things and extended down into the water of the Yellow Springs. The Netherworld Ferryman slowly twisted the bamboo pole, winding the strings round and round while pulling ceaselessly. It took a full ten minutes for the two strange strings to be completely pulled out of the water.

The figures of a boy and a girl were pulled out together.

“Cough cough… Scarecrow Demon, I’ll fight it out with you.”

“Dammit dammit dammit… you cursed scarecrow spirit, this is water of the Yellow Springs for crying out loud. Did you intend to drown us? Do you know how many mouthfuls of water I choked on?”

Two cursing voices rang out.

It was none other than Li Ying and Li Qi.

Ye Qingyu recognized them with one look, and was astonished at first. After all, even a Great Saint or Quasi-emperor would find it difficult to survive being dunked in the water of the Yellow Springs. However, upon close observation, he discovered that, despite looking wretched, the Li siblings did not have any injuries and were instead brimming with vigor. Associating this with the descriptions provided by Jin Ling’er and the others. in the ancient castle earlier, he immediately understood that the Netherworld Ferryman had probably dunked the duo in the Yellow Springs water to cultivate and toughen them up. After all, the water was under its control, and thus Li Ying and Li Qi would not have lost their lives even if they drank a stomachful of the water, as long as it did not wish so.

Unexpectedly, Li Ying and Li Qi were currently also of Quasi-emperor-level cultivation, more or less on par with Jin Ling’er.

Initially, Li Ying’s and Li Qi’s talents were heavily inferior to that of Jin Ling’er, but they got to know Ye Qingyu earlier and thus followed him and received his advice for a longer time than the latter did. Moreover, Ye Qingyu had washed their marrows, thereby allowing them to be reborn. However, these were extrinsic methods after all, and could not compare to intrinsic advantages. Nevertheless, over the years, the fact that the duo was able to keep on par with the supremely-talented Jin Ling’er in terms of strength was testament to the hard work and effort they had put in.

“Shut up,” the Netherworld Ferryman spoke.

As if his words were the law, a few water formations immediately jumped out of the Yellow Springs water and sealed the duo’s mouths.

“Mmmfff…”

“Mmmfff? Mmff!”

At this time, the duo noticed Ye Qingyu’s figure and thus became extremely excited, their eyes gleaming with wild joy. However, with their mouths sealed, they were unable to say a word, and could only struggle while making muffled noises. Unable to free themselves from the water formations, they looked amusing like no other.

“H… he, her… and them.” The Netherworld Ferryman pointed at Li Ying and Li Qi, then at Bai Yuanxing, at Jin Ling’er, and finally at the sky. “Your people… Repay me.”

At this time, Ye Qingyu finally understood, and did not know whether to laugh or cry.

The Netherworld Ferryman meant that it was the one who helped to teach and train Jin Ling’er and the other two hundred-plus boys and girls, and thus it expected to be repaid by Ye Qingyu.

This fella is still as greedy and money-grubbing as it was on the Netherworld River.

However, Ye Qingyu knew in his heart that this was a favor he ought to repay. He was entirely able to imagine that the Netherworld Ferryman had not just helped him to guide and train Bai Yuanxing and the other youths. Instead, over the past few years, the fact that the [Heroes’ Castle] had not been stormed by Invaders despite being in such a terrifying and dangerous place, and the youths, whose overall strength was originally weak, were able to make it to this day without a single death, meant that they were definitely being secretly protected by this past-sovereign-level character.

This was a great favor.

After thinking for a while, Ye Qingyu took out a white-jade bottle and handed it over.

This was a spatial treasure that had an extremely large capacity and was filled with chaotic thunder liquid.

Chaotic thunder liquid was the extremely yang-rich universal thunder liquid refined by the [Lightning Emperor] Qin Ming many years back. To an Emperor-level expert, it was considered a supreme treasure and was precious like no other.

Receiving the jade bottle, the Netherworld Ferryman pulled the stopper out and took a look. A surprised expression suddenly formed incredibly and animatedly on its originally lifeless and stiff face. It then raised its head to look at Ye Qingyu, with a strange expression abruptly circulating in its eyes that had been as dull as coal balls. Subsequently, it plugged the stopper back in and raised both hands in front of its chest, beginning to dance merrily while grinning silently. There was something sordid about this grin no matter how one looked at it, as if the ferryman was plotting something inwardly. In the end, it burst out laughing in a croaky voice.

It was highly obvious that the ferryman was very satisfied with Ye Qingyu’s gift.

Ding dong.

Finally, the ferryman carefully threw the white-jade bottle into the Yellow Springs water.

Ye Qingyu was unsurprised by this.

This was because he could already tell that the entire sea of Yellow Springs water was actually an Emperor weapon of the Netherworld Ferryman, who had refined the water to serve as its life weapon. Although this kind of Emperor weapon was very rare, it had special powers and effects. To the Netherworld Ferryman, throwing the white-jade bottle into the Yellow Springs water could not be any more appropriate and safe, much like Ye Qingyu’s storing of valuable items in the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

The Netherworld Ferryman waved its hands.

Li Ying and Li Qi finally jumped out of the water.

“Master!”

“Teacher!”

Jumping on to the battered black boat, the duo knelt to salute Ye Qingyu at once, the joy on their faces too wild to contain.

Ye Qingyu also felt a warmth in his heart. Although the two siblings had only been able to follow beside him because of Mother Wu, it was nevertheless considered fate that they eventually came under his custody. Bai Yuanxing aside, they were the first to follow beside him, and had long become like kin to him. Seeing their wild joy, he felt gratified like never before.

“Come back in three days.” With a wave of the virid bamboo pole, the Netherworld Ferryman sent Li Ying and Li Qi flying to beside Ye Qingyu before pointing at Bai Yuanxing. It roughly meant that the latter still needed three days of time to end his isolation. With that, without waiting for Ye Qingyu to reply, it held the bamboo pole and steered the battered black boat toward the far end of the Yellow Springs water.

Ye Qingyu did not obstruct this.

He guessed that Bai Yuanxing was probably cultivating some kind of extremely mysterious technique and had reached a critical point where he still needed three days to round things off.

It’s just as well to come back in three days.

Bringing along Jin Ling’er, Li Ying, and Li Qi, Ye Qingyu soared into the sky and returned to the ancient castle using the same way he came from.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1252:



Chapter 1266 Revisiting Old Fish

After returning to [Heroes’ Castle] and holding some discussions, Song Xiaojun returned to the Unmoving City of Darkness in advance to take charge of it.

After all, the Dark Realm was currently in an era of great transformation. Under Ye Qingyu’s leadership, tremendous changes were happening at all times throughout the Dark Realm, and many policies directly overturned the deep-rooted traditions of this land. In particular, the benefits of the aristocracy were largely infringed upon. Although Ye Qingyu’s imperial might had already shocked the world, he still had to guard against the desperate actions of some large forces.

At present, the Unmoving City of Darkness was the place where military force was most concentrated throughout the Dark Realm, and thus required a sufficiently heavyweight Emperor to be in authority. Song Xiaojun was clearly such a character.

Despite her reluctance to part, she eventually left.

For three days, Ye Qingyu inspected the martial cultivations and techniques of the youths and gave pointers to every one of them.

Aside from the Human Race, the youths also comprised of the young talents of the Heaven Wasteland Domain’s Brute Race and Demon Race, albeit their numbers were not large. Nevertheless, there was no doubt that every youth was a talent who was staunchly loyal to the Heaven Wasteland Empireand, in particular, Ye Qingyu. Hence, the latter also poured in considerable efforts for them. In his eyes, these two hundred-plus talented heroes constituted the nucleus that would govern the world in the future, and were the top candidates he had assembled into a team on his own.

Having heard more past stories about the Divine Light Emperor and the Sky Emperor, Ye Qingyu realized that the strength of one’s person was ultimately insufficient to confront the final evil. As strong as the Divine Light Emperor was, he also had the battle division of the Divine Light Court under his command. In the pursuit of infinity, it was impossible to single-handedly stem the raging tides every time. In particular, it would definitely be impossible to act alone in confronting the calamity of civilization reincarnation.

In reality, Ye Qingyu had long vaguely realized that carrying forward the ancient civilization was one of the trains of thought in this respect.

However, the promotion of the ancient civilization could maximally increase the battle strength of ordinary beings. Even those beings that did not have martial cultivation could develop tremendous battle strength within a short period of time as long as they mastered the operational techniques of those weapons. Nevertheless, the developmental direction of the ancient civilization would ultimately not be able to produce true top-level experts. In terms of the absolute apex of battle strength, they would be comparable to formation weapons.

As for the two hundred-plus people before his eyes, they clearly met Ye Qingyu’s requirements to develop high-end battle strength.

Loyal, sufficiently-seasoned, well-grounded, and limitless in potential; given enough time, these two hundred-plus boys and girls would definitely grow up and, in due course, hold up a safe and warm sky for all beings of the Heavenland Wasteland Empire, if not the Vast Thousand Domains.

Currently, Ye Qingyu’s cultivation could be said to be standing at the peak height of a contemporary Emperor.

With his effortful advice, these young talents with superb comprehension abilities benefited greatly.

In truth, even he was somewhat jealous that they had such opportunities.

Within the three days, Ye Qingyu had originally thought about attempting to open the last three hundred mysterious rooms in the [Heroes’ Castle], but did not take action after more consideration. He decided that these opportunities were better left to the youths, and were the riches that belonged to them. Moreover, it was with such an incentivizing target that they would double their efforts so as to open more rooms and obtain more treasures.

Three days went by in a flash.

Traveling alone, he entered the time-space vortex again and arrived in the Yellow Springs sea tens of thousands of kilometers away.

As soon as he appeared, a figure who was bellowing in an awful voice jumped out of the water and said, “Rascal, you truly are a wastrel. How could you actually give an entire jade bottle of chaotic thunder liquid to this old moneygrubber, and even let him use it to anger me...”

Hearing this voice, Ye Qingyu’s figure shook violently, becoming overjoyed at once.

He saw a giant carp of several kilometers long jump out of the Yellow Springs water and splash up a huge wave on the surface. With its tail propped on the surface, it stood up and instantly began to shrink, eventually becoming about two meters long. Its eyes stared at Ye Qingyu, looking terribly angry.

It was Old Fish.

Ye Qingyu knew just by hearing the voice.

Back then, he had also seen Old Fish’s true form, which was none other than a giant carp.

Never thought Old Fish would appear here.

Besides, compared to back then, Old Fish’s true form had changed greatly. The dreadful Great Dao injuries that once covered its body had completely healed, such that its pure-golden scales seemed like they were cast from Immortal gold, and its fins were as sharp as divine weapons. Its entire body gave off a penetrating and powerful aura.

Perhaps, only this was the true face of the Inspiration King who dominated the world’s seas and reigned over the seven oceanic races.

“Ahahaha… are you frightened by my perfect Emperor true form?” Old Fish looked up at the sky and laughed. With his fins akimbo, he did not have the demeanor of an elder master at all. Instead, he looked like a rogue carp that had gained Dao, his posture pompous to the extreme.

Ye Qingyu could tell that his injuries had mostly healed.

However, on second thought, Ye Qingyu felt something was not right.

Didn’t this geezer say that he hadn’t become Emperor?

Why is he now calling this his Emperor true form?

As if discerning Ye Qingyu’s doubts, Old Fish laughed and said in a rightful manner, “Heh heh, at that time, I was at your mercy and naturally had to be slightly low-key, and that’s why I absolutely couldn’t tell you the truth. Otherwise, if you ever found out that I’m an Emperor, who knows if you’d then find a large pot and stew me into soup? You should know that an Emperor’s body is full of supreme treasures all over. If you ate a piece of me, perhaps you might even have become a Great Saint instantly.”

Ye Qingyu was speechless.

This Old Fish is too narcissistic.

Seeing his expression, Old Fish chortled. “So, what do you think? Nothing to say, eh? Even if you could restrain your greed, that dog beside you, as far as my unparalleled vision tells me, is an ass that eats anything...”

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu suddenly felt that Old Fish’s words were quite right, and thus he had nothing to say in reply.

“Why are you here?” He decided to change the topic at once, so as to prevent this geezer from blabbering on about these insignificant topics.

“Didn’t I get someone to send word to you? I’m gonna do a few things.” Old Fish looked at Ye Qingyu as if looking at a fool. “When doing things, there’s naturally a high chance that I would appear in many different places… There’s something here that can treat my injuries, and that’s why I appear here. Can’t you understand such a simple reason?”

With that, he shook his tail before gradually transforming into human form. It was a familiar, shabby-looking old man’s figure, albeit completely naked. Smiling smugly, he actually did not realize this at first, and only sensed that his crotch was a little cold when a gust of wind suddenly blew by. Giving a squeal, he used both hands to cover his vital parts, saying, “Dammit, I’ve grown too used to being in this uninhabited place, and forgot… Rascal, turn around and don’t peek. Let me put on a set of clothes first.”

Ye Qingyu helplessly covered his eyes.

As the saying went, the same recipe produces the same taste. Old Fish was indeed still as lowly as ever and still such an eyesore.

A moment later, he guffawed and said, “Done...”

He had put on a set of long linen robes and tied his long flaming hair in a golden band. His face was lean and dignified, and his figure slender. On careful examination, it would be discovered that there were a few points of similarity with that dreadful old geezer image of back then. In particular, his facial features had not changed much, albeit his entire temperament was the complete opposite of what it used to be. If it could be said that the impression he gave others in the past was that of an indecent huckster who would even try to cheat little children by the roadside of their candies, the present him truly had the Emperor demeanor of an Inspiration King who dominated the seven seas like he had boasted about.

Back then, when he opened his mouth and spoke, his expression would remain dreadful and his voice would contain a natural and hard-to-conceal filth.

In the distance, the battered black boat was drifting near.

“Teacher!” Bai Yuanxing excitedly shouted from afar, throwing caution to the wind as he stepped across the waves.

He had evidently ended his isolation and made great gains. Unexpectedly, his cultivation had attained the extreme depths of the Quasi-emperor realm, such that he could walk on the waves of this Yellow Springs sea. This clearly meant that he was much, much more powerful than Jin Ling’er and the Li siblings.

At present, he was dressed in white robes, with his black hair resembling a waterfall and his figure tall and slender. He was actually becoming increasingly similar to Ye Qingyu in appearance. A figure like that of Ye Qingyu when he dominated the Vast Thousand Domains invincibly could be vaguely seen, possessing similar temperament and resembling a blood brother.

Seeing Ye Qingyu once again, Bai Yuanxing was excited and agitated like never before.

“Teacher, I’ve brought everyone out, leaving no one behind, and thus I’ve succeeded in my mission. The only thing is that, Liu Shaji, Swordsman Liu Shaji, he...” He reported everything from that day to Ye Qingyu, his expressions becoming animated when mentioning Liu Shaji. It was highly evident that Liu Shaji’s sacrifice was a knot in his heart that he could never unravel.

“I know about it. Don’t worry, White Lotus Sword Sect’s heritage won’t end just like that.” Ye Qingyu patted Bai Yuanxing on the shoulder.

“Huh? I sense a strange aura on your body...” Old Fish, who had been standing by one side all this time, suddenly seemed to detect something. “This aura… did you see a tree?”

“I’ve seen many,” Ye Qingyu replied grumpily. “Which one are you referring to?”

“No, I’m referring to a very big tree...” Old Fish did not argue with Ye Qingyu for once, saying with a serious countenance, “You must’ve seen it before, otherwise, why would your body have the World Tree’s aura? Tell me where is it now. This is very important.”

In truth, Ye Qingyu already knew which tree this old geezer was talking about.

He inwardly weighed whether to tell Old Fish that the World Tree was within his own body.

Just then, Old Fish’s eyes sparkled. “Believe me, if I find that tree, we’d be rich even if we pluck just a single leaf… Hahaha, this is an opportunity as big as the sky.”

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu suddenly did not want to tell him.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

