Chapter 1145:


Chapter 1160 - Come Find Me in Three Days to Accept Your Punishment

"Based on what I've heard, I learned that the matchless figure who ultimately Dao-dissolved was the true protector of this world and he had almost united the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm and established a powerful dynasty. The top experts of the various races were his followers and this matchless figure had wanted to put an end to the endless fighting and chaos amongst the various races and wanted to put a stop to all wars and infighting. He had almost achieved his goal but someone betrayed him at the crucial moment and the ancestors of the various races managed to travel across space and time to come to this era and ambush this matchless figure. In the end, his dynasty fell..." Marquis Tingtao continued to describe the scene in detail.

He had seen the truth and saw that it had been a horrifying massacre caused by someone's betrayal. The matchless figure who had great foresight was forced to Dao-dissolve and this ended the peace and prosperity that he had been trying to bring into this world. During his reign, the Invaders had been defeated countless times and this great leader even came up with a plan to counter the Invader's attack, but unfortunately, these all came to an end because of that betrayal.

"Although there is a curse imprinted in the blood of those followers and they were forced to be known as Sinners for generations to come, they have Immortal bodies and they fight for their beliefs as they continued to resist the Invaders. They may be treated as Sinners who are persecuted and oppressed, but they firmly believe that their leader will return one day. They believe that one day, this matchless figure will reappear and they will regain all that they've lost," Marquis Tingtao sounded like a fervent believer as he said these words.

It was clear that he had been affected by the mysterious power of the Expansion Way of the Universe and this had caused a shift in his beliefs to the point that he now sided with the Sinners.

Ye Qingyu had also been affected by his words.

One betrayal had brought an end to a flourishing age.

If that matchless figure could truly lead his followers to counter the Invader's attacks, then the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm wouldn't be in such a state. Ye Qingyu couldn't help but feel fascinated by the picture that Lin Xuan had described.

He was surprised to hear that there had once been such a peerless figure who had existed in ancient times and that this person was so powerful that he had almost united an entire dimension and was even stronger than Martial Emperors. He had almost dominated the whole world and his presence forced the countless Martial Emperors who existed throughout history to cross time and space to appear in the same timeline and they were the ones who had brought an end to everything.

"This is as much as I know," Lin Xuan gradually calmed down and said gravely, "After I returned to Royal City, some old friends of mine had visited me to find out what exactly had happened, but I didn't reveal anything to them. After they left my residence, they all vanished and I don't know if they're dead or alive but I haven't seen them since... Military Judge Zhang Longcheng, do you regret forcing me to reveal all these to you now?"

Ye Qingyu took a deep breath and he said calmly, "Marquis Lin Xuan, isn't it too late to talk about regrets now?"

Marquis Lin Xuan nodded and said, "I know that you have formulated a plan and you're in the midst of laying out your plan, but I still want to remind you to be careful the moment you step out of my residence. I don't want to hear about the disappearance of the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords], Zhang Longcheng from Royal City."

"Ha ha ha," Ye Qingyu laughed. There was no trace of fear on his face but rather, he seemed a little elated as he saluted Marquis Tingtao with both hands clasped and said, "Many thanks for your kind words."

The information he had found out today was way beyond anything he could have imagined, so he felt like this trip was well worth his while.

After he combined this information with Wang Jianru's words and the scenes he had seen within Snow Empire's imperial palace at Heaven Wasteland Domain, he felt as though he could guess the truth behind certain events, but there were still many other questions that he had to look further into.

He had to think of a solution to resolve the crisis at the Fire Province. Although [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was extraordinarily talented and possessed unparalleled strength, this was no longer a matter about the Fire Province falling to the Guardians but rather, it was about how the Fire Province had become a thorn in the Guardians' camp that had to be destroyed at all costs. If the Guardians' camp called upon all the strength they had, it would be a huge challenge for [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] to resist them all.

"Please take care, Your Grace," Ye Qingyu bid Marquis Tingtao farewell and rose to his feet.

Marquis Tingtao Lin Xuan escorted him to the gates of the main hall.

"Are you done?" Linghu Buxiu who had been waiting patiently outside walked up to them with a smile. He watched Ye Qingyu's reaction closely and tried to guess what they could have been discussing inside.

He breathed a sigh of relief when he saw how relaxed Ye Qingyu seemed and said with a smile, "Ha ha, Old Lin, you were so evasive earlier but I guess it's not a huge secret after all. If I had known earlier, I would have thrown all caution to the wind and followed you inside."

Lin Xuan shook his head with a resigned expression.

Ye Qingyu gave Linghu Buxiu a pat on the shoulder and looked at him as though he was saying 'do whatever you want', but he didn't say anything else.

They both knew that even though Linghu Buxiu had not entered the main hall to listen to whatever Marquis Tingtao had to share, he had indeed stepped into the Marquis' residence, so his life was also in danger.

Linghu Buxiu was not aware of the secret just like all the other noblemen who had vanished after visiting the Marquis' residence, so this did not mean that he was safe. As long as those hidden in the dark wanted this secret to remain hidden, they would definitely not spare him.

As history had shown, most of the time it was always safer to kill the wrong person than to spare them.

Ye Qingyu's actions and look left Linghu Buxiu feeling bewildered, but he clocked how grim their expressions were and immediately felt a little frightened.

"Let's go," Ye Qingyu patyed Linghu Buxiu's shoulder sympathetically. He thought that he should at least give him a warning and said, "It's better for you to remain on your guard over the next few days... If there's nothing urgent, don't look for me. You're probably better off staying by Commander Nie Tiankong's side and try to avoid heading out alone."

Linghu Buxiu felt his legs go wobbly with fear and said, "No way. Is it that serious?"

Ye Qingyu said grimly, "It is better to be on the safe side."

Marquis Tingtao Lin Xuan also gave him a few words of warning.

Linghu Buxiu was gripped by terror and felt as though he had mistakenly wandered into something terrible. The situation might truly be as bad as they made it out to be, and he might be swept into this huge calamity that was a lot more serious than he had thought.

"I will," he finally said miserably.

The three of them walked back to the front yard.

They immediately heard a childish voice saying, "Tell me again, what were your crimes? Quick, repeat your words earlier. I really like the way you're begging for mercy, do that again."

It was that round-faced young servant girl and she acted like an adult as she pursed her lips and looked grimly at Zhou Hailong who knelt on the floor. She held a burning stick in one hand and stuck the other hand on her shoulder as she continued to teach Zhou Hailong a lesson, looking as though she thoroughly enjoying his groveling.

Zhou Hailong's top priority was to escape with his life, so he had to force himself to pretend to be a dog and bark loudly to try to please that young servant girl with his antics.

"Father, you've wrapped up your discussion, ha ha," Lin Nanzhu happily skipped up to her father, but her gaze remained Ye Qingyu as she said, "Zhou Hailong has finally admitted to his wrongdoings and said that our business will be restored to us soon."

She looked extremely happy and contented as she spoke.

She felt as though the dark clouds that had been hanging over the Marquis' residence was finally about to dissipate and that everything would be back to normal soon enough.

Lin Xuan shook his head helplessly.

"Your businesses are considered to be a noblemen's private business and would fall under the protection of the law of the Guardians' camp. Even if Zhou Hailong had the support of Marquis Bloodbone, he wouldn't have been able to wrest control of your businesses so easily," Ye Qingyu turned to Zhou Hailong and asked, "What exactly did you do?"

Zhou Hailong said fearfully, "Marquis Bloodbone had bribed the judge and made up some evidence, so the judge awarded these businesses to Marquis Bloodbone's residence."

Ye Qingyu nodded.

It made sense now.

These businesses had been robbed from Marquis Tingtao by despicable means.

"Tell that judge to reverse his verdict and come to the Military Judge Division to accept his punishment. I'll only give him three days," Ye Qingyu said.

"Yes yes yes, I'll definitely pass on the message," Zhou Hailong frantically kowtowed on the ground.

He released a sigh of relief because he could tell from Ye Qingyu's words that he would be spared tonight.

"Alright... get lost," Ye Qingyu said with a wave of his hand.

Zhou Hailong immediately thanked him for sparing his life, then scuttled away as fast as he could.

"Huh? You're letting him off so easily? I wasn't done toying with him..." the round-faced young servant girl said unhappily.

"Alright, Xiaoyu, stop it," Lin Xuan said with some resignation. This young servant girl was an orphan who had been adopted and even though she was a servant girl, he treated her like his own daughter, so Lin Nanzhu and her were as close as sisters.

"Oh," Xiaoyu said dejectedly.

Ye Qingyu was rather fond of this young servant girl.

Then, the young man walked over to them. He looked a little frightened but still got onto his knees and kowtowed to Ye Qingyu as he said, "Many thanks for saving my life that day..." He was full of gratitude toward Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu helped him back up to his feet and asked, "What's your name?"

"I'm Mo Weinan," the young man said deferentially.

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, "Mo Weinan? That's a nice name. Whatever happened that day was your lucky break, and you'll still have to rely on luck, talent, and hard work to make the most out of this opportunity. Good luck."

The young man thanked him once more.

Ye Qingyu walked toward the main gates of the residence.

Frankly, this young man reminded him of Bai Yuanxing.

He had been a little surprised to see this young man at Marquis Tingtao's residence and he had thought about taking this young man under his wing. After all, he had planted an energy seed within this young man that day and felt that this young man had a lot of potential. However, the situation had changed and it would be even more dangerous for this young man to follow him, so it would be better for this young man to remain at Marquis Tingtao's residence.

It would also be equally dangerous for the young man to remain at the Marquis' residence but now that Ye Qingyu's own life was in danger, it would be hard for him to protect more people.

Thus, he would have to leave it up to fate.

The group stood outside the Marquis' residence and bid each other farewell.

Ye Qingyu immediately noticed that he was being followed.

He sensed several dark and quiet auras in the distance secretly tracking him and knew that they bore him ill will.

That was fast!

Ye Qingyu was astonished.

He looked at Linghu Buxiu who stuck carefully beside him and thought to himself,
Luck would determine whether you'll be dragged into this mess. I wouldn't be able to help you if you're unlucky
. He was rather fond of Linghu Buxiu and thought that he was one of the better ones amongst the noblemen and that he had a loyal heart.

He had spared Zhou Hailong because he was trying to save Linghu Buxiu.

As to whether these people would believe Zhou Hailong's version of these events and trust that Linghu Buxiu hadn't heard the secret, it was entirely up to fate. After all, he could not accurately predict everything.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1146:


Chapter 1161 – Divine Sword Frosty Moonlight (1)

After detecting the tracking aura, Ye Qingyu did not respond in any way.

An official dispatch from the army headquarters arrived just as he returned to the station. As he did not have much to pack at the station, he left the station, accompanied by Linghu Buxiu, and soon arrived at the official mansion of the [
Military Judge of the Nine Swords
].

“Brother Zhang Longcheng can set up an office here from now onward.” By this time, Linghu Buxiu had recovered from his earlier flurried and negative emotions, and was once again feeling pretty good.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

This military-official mansion was a simple-modeled compound with three courtyards and a grand house that was made of black rocks. The main hall was around one hundred meters high and could be considered quite magnificent, appearing gloomy and solemn while giving off a stern and forbidding aura against the luster of the dark rocks.

It seemed that this military mansion had not been used for some time. A layer of thick leaves had piled up on the ground and dust drifted in the wind, giving off a feeling of dereliction.

“After I return, I’ll dispatch a few elite officers here together with two hundred elite sergeants to be at your disposal. Is there anything else you need?” Linghu Buxiu asked with a smile.

Setting up an office was not a simple affair. The army headquarters had merely conferred the title of [
Military Judge of the Nine Swords
] on Ye Qingyu and had not assigned subordinates to him, and he thus had to settle this on his own. Linghu Buxiu was clearly offering to help Ye Qingyu, and being quite the veteran in the army already, he could certainly allocate this kind of manpower.

Unexpectedly, however, Ye Qingyu shook his head and said, “There’s no need for that. I’ll be fine here on my own.”

“Huh?” Linghu Buxiu was somewhat surprised.

How can one person be enough to set up an office?

A few messengers and servants will be necessary, at least.

Ye Qingyu slowly walked toward the main gate and then turned around to look at Linghu Buxiu. “Elder Brother Linghu Buxiu, it’ll be good if you lessen contact with me from now onward, and instead spend more time by Commander Nie Tiankong’s side. I’ll probably become a loner like Marquis Tingtao from now onward… Please take good of yourself.”

With that, he turned and entered the main courtyard.

Linghu Buxiu remained stunned with his entire body giving off a chill.

If it could be said that Ye Qingyu and Lin Xuan sounded like they were joking when in Marquis Tingtao’s mansion earlier, then it was during this moment that just passed when Linghu Buxiu finally and fully realized that Ye Qingyu genuinely cared about him and did not want to get him involved in any kind of trouble.

What’s going on?

What did Lin Xuan say to Ye Qingyu?

Linghu Buxiu suddenly could not help shivering.

After remaining dazed for a moment, he suddenly turned around and walked toward the army headquarters as fast as he could. He wanted to find Commander Nie Tiankong and report everything that happened today to the latter, because instinct informed him that things could be really, really troublesome this time.

...

The wind rustled in the wide and empty mansion.

As Ye Qingyu walked into the main courtyard, his divine consciousness diffused.

A slight sneer appeared on his face.

Indeed, he immediately detected that there were extremely well-concealed monitoring formations in several spots, albeit these superlatively exquisite formations were apparently just for show. By using the [Eyes of the Void] to perform another investigation, he discovered that there were even more highly exquisite and well-concealed monitoring tools placed at different parts of the main courtyard. Each of these tools was clearly set up by a different being, albeit each being was undoubtedly a true Quasi-emperor-level one.

He calmly cleared out the false formations he had initially discovered, while keeping the rest in place.

It was already deep into the night by this time.

With a flash of his figure, Ye Qingyu arrived on top of the main hall. Lying down on the roof while fully-dressed, he gazed at the round moon above, with a drink in his hands. Resembling a carefree Immortal, he seemed to forget all of his worldly worries.

The watery moonlight shone upon the world.

Like the soft shine of the moon, time went by in bits and drops.

Two hours, then four hours passed...

All this time, Ye Qingyu drank and admired the moon, doing nothing else.

Half the night had gone by.

A wind suddenly blew.

It blew stronger and stronger.

Layers of dark clouds drifted near in the sky.

Their approach was very strange. In a twinkling, they covered the entire sky in black, causing the fine moonlight to disappear instantly. The complete darkness gave one the feeling that it could cause an entire city to crumble.

Ye Qingyu stopped drinking, an arc forming at the corner of his lips.

The next instant…

Boom!

A golden palm, huge like no other, probed out from the dark clouds. Each of its fingers were several hundred meters long and had delicate and clearly visible veins. Although it resembled a true human palm, there were dense chains of golden Dao essence formations circulating among the five fingers, and it thus seemed more like the hand of a divine spirit, carrying Quasi-emperor-level laws that were matchlessly powerful.

The world trembled for a moment.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1147:


Chapter 1162 – Divine Sword Frosty Moonlight (2)

The world trembled for a moment.

The golden palm pressed down directly toward the mansion that Ye Qingyu was in.

If it really landed, the entire military mansion and Ye Qingyu would probably be turned into dust and ruins, instantly erased from this Royal City.

“Such impatience.”

Ye Qingyu gently placed the wine cup in his hand down on a tile beside him.

As a mocking expression emerged at the corner of his lips, he raised his hand and straightened a finger into a sword which he shot up toward the firmament.

A dazzling sword will instantly cut across the void.

Like divine light, the tip of the sword pierced into the golden palm.

After the powerful golden palm was perforated in a similar fashion to a colorful bubble that was burst by a needle, the formation chains on it struggled feebly like a python that had been cleaved apart and then dissipated.

In a twinkling, the giant palm turned into a golden misty phantom and disappeared among the dark clouds!

“What?”

A painful cry was heard.

However, the dazzling sword qi did not lose any momentum, perforating the dark clouds above and causing a huge cloud qi hole to appear. An obscure figure wretchedly evaded the sword light, a drop of fresh blood falling from his body...

The next moment, silver moonlight shone down through this hole.

The moonlight was beautiful and strange to the extreme, as if divine light from the heavenly kingdom had descended upon the world. This meteorological spectacle was fascinating like no other.

This pillar of moonlight happened to shine upon the central hall of the
[Military Judge of the Nine Swords’] mansion.

Ye Qingyu remained lying down under the moonlight and did not get up.

Although he had similar looks to Zhang Longcheng and could not be considered handsome at present, the shine of the moonlight nevertheless caused the circulation of an aura like that of a moonlight Immortal around him, affording him the appearance of an otherworldly, transcendental harbinger of truth.

“Hoho, if you want to kill me, you’ll first have to ask the sword in my hand.”

He lifted the wine cup once again and drank to his heart’s content, his posture completely elegant and unrestrained.

“I won’t take action this time, but if someone still can’t restrain themselves, I shall send them into an eternal sleep.”

His voice was not loud, such that no normal person could have heard him.

However, it contained extraordinarily strange Dao essence laws that surged out in a soft yet vigorous fashion. In this Royal City, those experts whose cultivations had truly reached the ultimate peak could thus hear him clearly. Every one of his words rang beside their ears like the striking of a heavenly drum by a heavy stick.

This was a form of deterrence and warning.

With that, Ye Qingyu got off the roof and returned to the main hall. Half-drunk, he fell sound asleep and cared nothing of the outside world.

Silence fell upon the
[Military Judge of the Nine Swords’] mansion.

Moonlight shone upon the main hall through the hole in the dark clouds. Colored in a layer of silver splendor, the hall appeared to be the only bright thing in the dark Royal City, flickering a strange mist that seemed to contain immense vitality.

A snoring sound rang out every now and then.

However, at the same time, storms and shockwaves arose in many heavily-guarded places of the outside world.

In the mansion of the King of Zhenyuan.

With splendor flickering, a sinister-looking middle-aged man appeared in the main hall.

He was wearing a long golden robe and emanating a powerful aura, thus resembling a deity. However, he had one hand pressing against his left shoulder while a dark-red trail was flowing out from his fingers, causing his aura to be deathly and bloody.

“Second Uncle, you...” The Crown Prince of Zhenyuan had a startled look on his face as he hurried forth and supported the middle-aged man. “You… are injured?”

The latter nodded.

He staggered to a chair and sat down, exhaling a long breath which indistinctly contained golden formation beams. It took a long while before he eased and loosened his right hand to reveal his shoulder injury. It was a sharp sword mark that ran right down his shoulder. Even at this time, a silver sword qi of terrifying force was circulating within, preventing the shoulder from recovering.

“Puff… I’ve underestimated Zhang Longcheng. Who would’ve thought that a small pond like Luoshen Ridge could produce a divine dragon? This is most unexpected.” The middle-aged man sighed, revealing a lingering fear on his face.

As the King of Zhenyuan’s elder brother and a Quasi-emperor-level expert, he was a top ace in the palace even if he was not quite as famous as his younger brother. Having received the secret recognition of a few forces this time, he made a bold move and wanted to kill this country bumpkin of a
[Military Judge of the Nine Swords] who had continually and recklessly acted against the mansion of the King of Zhenyuan. Unexpectedly, however… he only ended up even worse off.

“How can Zhang Longcheng be such a pain in the ass? It looks like some people in the army have truly found a sharp knife. However, if this knife isn’t used well, they will probably end up cutting themselves too.”

He began to snort.

However, his heart continued to palpitate with fear.

It looks like I have to change the way I deal with Zhang Longcheng next time.

But no matter what, I can’t let him get away.

…

In the army.

In Nie Tiankong’s commander mansion.

“I’ve underestimated Zhang Longcheng. To think he would defeat Yuan Butong… His strength has been improving a little too fast these days…” The surprise on Nie Tiankong’s face gradually faded as his fingers knocked on the table. His expression was considerably somber as many pieces of information flashed through his mind rapidly.

After a long time, he raised his head and looked at Linghu Buxiu, saying, “Tell me again what you experienced in Marquis Tingtao’s mansion today, with a little more detail this time.”

The latter had remained by his side ever since returning to the army headquarters.

He repeated his account in detail.

“It’s a pity that you didn’t hear clearly what they were saying… Who knows what wondrous secret Lin Xuan is in possession of that the King of Zhenyuan would go all out against him? If I knew what this secret was, perhaps I could completely defeat the King of Zhenyuan.”

Nie Tiankong muttered.

“Commander, maybe you can get Military Judge Zhang Longcheng to report in. He should know.” Linghu Buxiu suggested.

Nie Tiankong shook his head. “He might’ve shown me some face in the past, but now… I feel that I am losing control over Zhang Longcheng. The fact that he didn’t ask you to pass on a message today is indicative that he wouldn’t have told me this news… I wonder, how exactly did he manage to win favor with Commander Sun Yi that the latter would protect him so much…?”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1148:


Chapter 1163 – Is It Time?

In the first place, aside from Nie Tiankong’s support, Ye Qingyu was able to become the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] largely because of Commander Sun Yi’s support. Among the Royal City army headquarters, apart from the King of Zhenyuan’s camp, Nie Tiankong’s camp, and several other large factions, Commander Sun Yi was also a force of considerable weight which everyone could only look sideways at. The reason was very simple – he was backed by a contemporary Martial Emperor.

Although the Sun clan’s Martial Emperor had not appeared publicly for a generation, he was the last surviving Martial Emperor whom everyone in Royal City had seen before, and was the last Martial Emperor to showcase his divine prowess, that being when he wiped out an extremely prominent family in Royal City.

Although people had once guessed that he was already dead because he was already very old and feeble the last time he appeared, this was only a guess nevertheless. While such private guesses were tolerated, to investigate this matter overtly would be no different from courting one’s own death. After all, the rage of a Martial Emperor was not something which most people could withstand.

Commander Sun Yi was normally reticent and maintained a neutral stance. He also avoided getting involved in fights among the various noble cliques as much as he could, and thus his status was rather detached.

This was why many people were surprised like never before when he spoke up and recommended Ye Qingyu to be the contemporary [Military Judge of the Nine Swords]. Nevertheless, they had to properly measure the weight of his words.

This could be said to be ninety percent of why Ye Qingyu was able to obtain such a powerful and eminent military post so smoothly. When Commander Sun Yi opened his mouth, many people felt that this could be the will of the Sun clan’s Martial Emperor.

“Perhaps Commander Sun Yi simply took a liking for Zhang Longcheng.” Linghu Buxiu guessed. “After all, Younger Brother Zhang Longcheng is really tough and fearless. Having just arrived, he has nothing to lose and can thus do anything he wishes. Besides, the fact that he defeated that person of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence tonight tells us that his cultivation and strength have reached a certain level, and he is thus worthy of the sideways glance and enlistment from a Martial Emperor.”

“Enlistment?” A beam of light flashed through Nie Tiankong’s mind when he heard this word. Feeling enlightened at once, he stood up abruptly and snapped, “I get it.”

“Commander, you mean...” Linghu Buxiu looked at him.

He laughed. “You should know that the Sun clan’s Martial Emperor was already very weak and feeble when he last appeared. Although his divine power was once matchless, such that he was able to wipe out a large force in Royal City, it was difficult for him to conceal the rotten aura about him, which clearly indicated that his lifespan was nearing depletion. Am I right?”

Linghu Buxiu nodded. “That’s indeed so.”

Nie Tiankong laughed again. “If this being has truly died, the Sun clan would effectively have lost a central pillar, and their distinguished status in Royal City would be gone for good. They should thus be feeling very anxious. Besides, they will need a new pillar, be it a new ally, to consolidate their status in the Dark Realm.”

“It can’t be that simple. Though the Sun clan enjoyed a detached status because they had a living Martial Emperor, they were relatively weaker in terms of their status in the army and the military force they controlled. Once they lose the support of a Martial Emperor, they will be annexed by other forces, and won’t be qualified to form an alliance with other forces, unless they can find a new Martial Emperor to support them...” Linghu Buxiu had a very clear view of the situation in the city.

All things considered, he did not think much of the Sun clan’s prospects once they lose the support of a Martial Emperor.

However, as he spoke on, he seemed to realize something.

Raising his head abruptly, he looked most astonishedly at Nie Tiankong. He finally understood what the latter had meant earlier. “Could it be that the Sun clan feels that Zhang Longcheng has the potential to become a Martial Emperor, and that’s why they’re helping him at all costs and have allowed him to become the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords]? This is akin to making overtures...”

“It may be that being, and not Sun Yi, who feels that Zhang Longcheng has the potential to become Emperor.” Nie Tiankong enunciated his final conclusion.

Linghu Buxiu was shocked by this assertion.

Perhaps this explanation sounded rather absurd, but taking into account the silver sword light that soared into the sky and pierced the giant golden palm of that being at the King of Zhenyuan’s residence earlier on during the night, as well as a few other matters, things no longer felt absurd.

For a time, the room was silent.

After the two men had summed things up in the most rational way, they became quiet and exchanged glances, seeing the tempest that had been whipped up in the depths of the other’s eyes.

This was the first time they realized the true value of the country bumpkin they had brought from the obscure and tiny place that was Luoshen Ridge.

It took a long while before Linghu Buxiu regained his senses.

His heart suddenly jolted as he cupped his hands toward Nie Tiankong. “This is a good thing, hahaha. If that’s indeed the case, I’d have to congratulate you, Commander Nie Tiankong. No matter how the Sun clan tries to cozy up to Zhang Longcheng, you are his true benefactor after all. Besides, based on what I know, he has wholeheartedly served you all this time. You just have to keep on supporting him, and you’ll be the first person he shows gratitude toward when he becomes Emperor.”

Nie Tiankong was actually also feeling happy inwardly.

However, he skillfully concealed his happiness.

“How can becoming Emperor be so easy? That would require the bones of ten thousand Saints. Given that there are so many Quasi-emperors in this Royal City, each of them exceptionally talented and ambitious, how many can actually get to that stage? But indeed, Zhang Longcheng is worthy of being fostered. I will need to pay more attention to him going forward.”

This military upstart made up his mind on this night.

Similar events took place in many other heavily-guarded places in the Guardian Royal City.

One sword was all it took to defeat a Quasi-emperor.

The strength displayed by Ye Qingyu astonished countless personages.

At the same time, the words spoken by Ye Qingyu as he stood on the roof, under the pillar of moonlight, had put many personages on alert. It was plain to all that this newly-appointed military judge was a cruel man who was more powerful than them. This served as a warning to them that they should really think carefully about provoking him again.

Dark currents were surging in the night.

On this night, countless factions and noble forces urgently adjusted their assessment of the newly appointed [Military Judge of the Nine Swords], Zhang Longcheng, recognizing him as a dangerous character who should not be provoked again.

Approximately half a month after coming to the Guardian Royal City, Ye Qingyu finally started to bare his powerful and sharp fangs. This was dissimilar to his initial plan to keep a low profile, but he had no regrets, as the circumstances were dissimilar to what he had imagined.

To many people, this was a night which was long like no other.

But to Ye Qingyu, this was just a sleep.

The sky was already fully bright when he opened his eyes.

He wanted to return to his original state, comprehend the Great Dao from its subtleties, and re-experience the life of a normal being by eating and sleeping like a non-martial person. In this way, those often overlooked subtleties of human nature – even those undesirable qualities such as sloth – that had left him for many years would return to him.

He believed that this was a way to comprehend the Great Dao.

In the morning, he walked out of the Military Judge mansion and ate three large bowls of noodles at a roadside noodle stall not far away. Feeling a little bloated, he slowly circled the mansion to understand the surrounding environment. It was already afternoon by the time he returned.

An afternoon nap followed.

Not long after falling asleep, he was woken up by a message from [The Beginning].

Little Ten, the White-boned Earth Dragon had digested a few memories once again and confirmed the identity, appearance, and information of one of Ren Puyang’s murderers. It thus sent word via [The Beginning’s] communication device.

After he finished reading the message, Ye Qingyu came up with a few plans.

He then headed down to the military archives.

Given his present rank and post, he had the permission to read all archives except for the secrets of the royal nobility. After entering the archives, he began to flip through book after book, and only left the archives when it closed in the evening.

However, before leaving, he also borrowed a large number of books, including many ancient ones, within the permitted limits. Unlike in the Vast Thousand Domains, many of the Dark Realm’s ancient books were preserved and intact. After all, the Guardian Royal City had governed the entire Dark Realm all along, and thus it was easy to collect and organize many historical secret plans and ancient books.

After declining the dragon horse mount provided by the army headquarters, he walked along the street.

He could still feel the feeling of being watched which had started ever since leaving Marquis Tingtao’s mansion, albeit it was a lot more obscure than the previous day. Evidently, there remained many forces and people secretly monitoring him.

He completely paid no attention to this.

It took him two hours to walk back to the Military Judge mansion.

Within the large, unpeopled mansion, leaves flew about in the wind, rustling as eerily as evil spirits. In the main hall, Ye Qingyu did some night reading by lamplight before sleeping soundly.

He would do the same for dozens of days to come.

This bewildered many people who had thought that the newly-appointed [Military Judge of the Nine Swords], Zhang Longcheng, would be a new broom sweeping clean.

What a flash in the pan. After aggressively killing Marquis Bloodbone and his son, and defeating a Quasi-emperor with a single sword, he’s just going to keep his temper back, cultivate himself, and muddle along?

Nobody could correctly guess what the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords’] plan was.

On the twentieth day, Ye Qingyu finally finished reading all of the archives he was permitted to read, memorizing every single word of them.

Nobody would believe that such a reading rate was possible. However, in nearly a month’s time, he had practically gained a clear understanding of every Guardian camp personage in the Royal City and even the Dark Realm, save for the top-level royal nobility and those Martial Emperors who, according to the legends, were still alive in the Royal City.

“It’s time to get my hands and legs busy.”

Ye Qingyu walked out of the military archives and stretched.

Subsequently, instead of returning to the vacant Military Judge mansion, he calmly walked toward the King of Zhenyuan’s residence.

Such a change of route attracted the attention of countless people at once.

Although undetected by normal people, the winds and dark currents were already surging among the upper nobility, many of whose hearts began to tighten.

After forbearing for a month, is this murderous [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] finally going to bare his savage and sharp fangs again?

Many top-level strategists immediately put down whatever they were doing and began to take note of the figure who was slowly walking toward the King of Zhenyuan’s residence.

“Keep a close watch.”

“Report every single action and movement to me.”

Similar commands were passed down in different places by different people.

Ye Qingyu finally arrived in front of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

