Chapter 157:


Chapter 158 – He Stays Behind

From his tone, it seemed like Yan Buhui knew Mister Liu.

Ye Qingyu suddenly recalled that Mister Liu had previously said that Yan Buhui had previously tasted tea along with him. Then did this mean that the two people were once friends?”

“It seems like even War God Lu was not able to kill you by attacking personally.” When Mister Liu spoke again, his expression was already much more relaxed. There was even a faint smile. “After so many years passed, it seems like your strength has grown yet again.”

On the white cloud, Yan Buhui slowly opened his eyes.

Ye Qingyu’s heart was fiercely shaken.

Just what kind of gaze was this.

It was as if his eyes were unfocused. It was hard to describe just what kind of emotion was contained within his eyes. As if it was peace, as if it was rage, as if it was sorrow… Ye Qingyu had never seen that it was possible for so many complicated emotions to be contained in someone’s eyes. It was just a gaze, but it was as if all the emotions in this world was immersed within.

“If my strength had not grown, I would long be dead,” Yan Buhui replied blandly.

His expression was calm, his gaze without any focus. He did not look towards Mister Liu. As if he could see through the formation airship and the air around, seeing the remote desolate space time.

“But you have been injured.” Mister Liu smiled as he said these words. “To recover from your injuries, you killed and absorbed the life force and yuan qi of the experts of the Demon Race under your command. From this, one can tell you have been very heavily injured.”

Ye Qingyu heard this and suddenly understood.

It seemed like he was the reason that all the experts of the Demon Race on the two huge eagle battleships had died. The reason such a strange situation occurred was not because they were ambushed. In reality it was because Yan Buhui used some secret technique to absorb their life force and yuan qi to recover from the injuries on his body. No wonder there was not the slightest trace of battle on the battleship, and there was not the slightest reaction of the experts of the Demon Race before dying.

A terrifying method.

A poisonous intent.

He would not even spare the subordinates under his command.

“I have even killed people of the Human Race. What about a mere Demon Race… What does it matter if I was injured. My strength has grown, but so has Lu Zhaoge.” Yan Buhui’s gaze retreated, finally giving Mister Liu a glance. His expression was still peaceful. “Being injured at his hands is not something to be ashamed about. Ten years ago, Lu Zhaoge was already someone with a titled Bitter Sea stage of cultivation. After ten years has passed, he has naturally gotten even more powerful. Such a truly powerful expert, he does not dare to do battle in a straightforward fashion, but instead spent time and effort to create a scheme to kill me. Should I not feel honoured? The so called [War God of Youyan Pass], is only just so!”

Mister Liu’s expression changed.

“You dare to insult commander Lu!”

“Mad person, shut your mouth.”

“Traitor, go die!“

The soldiers on the formation airship were all elites that had fought in over a hundred battles. Many people treated the [War God of Youyan Pass], Lu Zhaoge as their spiritual idol. They utterly respected and worshipped him. Even if they were facing the apocalyptic Demon King Yan Buhui they could not help but be angered when they heard him insult Lu Zhaoge. They directly opened their mouths and reprimanded Yan Buhui.

Yan Buhui, hearing this, only faintly smiled.

He did not explode and strike out. He did not even glance at the righteously angry elite soldiers.

A short while later, Yan Buhui looked at the clouds far off, as if he was recalling something. Only after a while did he say in a leisurely and cool tone, “Just when was it that I was worshipping that man like you people. I regarded him as a god, I regarded him as a father. I thought he was righteous and fair, that there was nothing that he was unable to do. I thought he was the saint that could rescue this world… haha, how laughable. A man will just be a man, how is it possible that he could be a god… If it was my previous temperament, then you people would have long died ten thousand times over. But right now, I won’t kill you.”

Mister Liu stood at the head of the ship, a faint smile on his face. “You won’t kill us? Could it be that you are about to release us?”

On the face of Yan Buhui, there was a mocking smile. “Mister Liu, it has been so many years that we have not seen each other, but you are still a schemer. But in these years, after speaking so much, did it prove to be of use?”

Mister Liu seemed as if he knew what the opposing party was pointing at. He remained silent, not speaking.

“I have not drunk Mister Liu’s tea for some many years.” Yan Buhui’s suddenly changed the subject, his tone calm and tranquil.

Mister Liu lifted his head, sighing. “How difficult can this be. Xing’er, bring over the tea set.”

The expression of the student called Xing’er was calm as he turned to enter into the cabin of the airship. Very quickly, he came out again. In his embrace, there was a tea table and an entire set of tea utensils. Carefully and cautiously he placed it at the head of the ship. Without waiting for Mister Liu’s instructions, he stood by the side, beginning to boil water.

Yan Buhui lifted his head.

A white cloud floated over, as if it was a physical object. It enveloped the tea set as well as Xing’er within, then lifted, floating through the air.

This scene, was as if he was soaring through the clouds and harnessing the mists.

Mister Liu frowned. Then he looked at the Ye Qingyu beside him. “Patrolling envoy Ye, bring me over.”

Ye Qingyu activated his White Horse wings, supporting Mister Liu’s shoulder. His figure flashed, landing on the white clouds.

His feet sunk in, as if he was stepping on solid ground.

Mister Liu sat cross legged. His manner was like when he was painting. He began to boil and prepare the tea.

His actions were extremely familiar, every movement and gesture containing a beauty that was hard to describe using language. It was as if these movements contained the essence of the way. Ye Qingyu had previously seen Xing’er preparing tea; at that time, he had felt Xing’er’s tea art was near the way. But only when he saw Mister Liu preparing the tea had he understood that the difference was still great when Xing’er was compared to Mister Liu.

There was no wind in the air.

The white clouds stood there. It was as if the surrounding space had stopped entirely.

The formation airship was silent.

Everyone on the airship was peaceful as if they had fossilized.

In the blink of an eye, the tea had already been prepared.

“Please.” Mister Liu lifted his hand.

Yan Buhui walked step by step through the air, cloud after cloud appearing under his footsteps, like blossom after blossom of perfect lotuses. The translucent petals supported him. He came over and sat in front of the tea table. His entire movement was like an immortal descending to the mortal world. From top to bottom, one could not see the slightest trace of demon qi on him. It really made it hard to believe that such an elegant and noble young master was a person that had accepted the transplant of a demon bone through a secret technique of the Demon Race. That he was a traitor to the Demon Race.

In the celadon teacup, the amber-coloured tea emitted faint steam.

Yan Buhui opened his mouth and sucked.

The tea transformed into a jet of water, completely entering into his mouth.

Seeing this scene, the Ye Qingyu standing beside them could not help but remember that night when he himself had drank tea with Mister Liu in the cabin. At that time, he had also completely finished it in one gulp. No wonder Mister Liu said emotionally that he was very like that person. It seems like the relationship between Mister Liu and Yan Buhui was not simple. The two people must have drank tea together many times previously. Otherwise, a fierce person like Yan Buhui would not suddenly want to drink Mister Liu’s tea at this moment.

Ye Qingyu at this moment, suddenly felt that he understood Yan Buhui a little.

After all, he was a human. Even if he capitulated to the Demon Race, but they were after all not the same race. Even if the [Burning Snow demon commander] believed in Yan Buhui, but the other Demon Races would not be willing to accept him. He should have been very lonely in these years?

A human living in the Demon Race, with his gaze filled with alien races, just how boring would that be?

“Good tea. I have not drank such for many years.” Yan Buhui drank three mouthfuls consecutively, sighing in admiration.

Mister Liu did not lift his head, seriously preparing the tea. Pouring tea into another cup. “Even better tea is a waste if you drink it like so.”

“Words that are even more right, by speaking it over and over again so many times, is a waste.” Yan Buhui replied blandly. “Just how many times have you said these words to me?”

Mister Liu had a faint smile. “When the matter is right, no matter how many times I have to say it, I am willing to continue on doing so.”

These words had a hidden meaning contained within.

How could Yan Buhui not be able to hear the meaning behind these words?

Drinking another cup of tea, Yan Buhui replied calmly, “How do you know that you are definitely right? Like a cup of tea. It originally is something that is used to solve thirst. When it was created, it only has the value of being drank. As long as it is able to realize it’s value, it is the same no matter how it is drank. This is the same as humans; as long as one is able to realize their own value, no matter how they do so is not important. The reason why humans want to become stronger is to control others. Since the Human Race does not accept me, then by transforming into a demon, I similarly can become stronger. When I truly become stronger, sooner or later I can control all of you.”

His previous manner was apathetic, as if he did not care for fame or profit whatsoever.

But when he spoke these words, his aura changed. His confidence and aura was strong and invincible, like a peerless divine sword being unsheathed.

“You’re wrong. Tea has to be carefully tasted; only then can you sense the special essence within. Humans have things they can do and things they cannot do. Only then can they be famous throughout all the ages.” Mister Liu lifted a tea cup, slowly sipping it down, refuting in a leisurely tone.

Yan Buhui had a brief smile. “Really? In the past, when I had my principles, what was my consequence? I nearly died as a consequence, with my wife and children unable to be protected. Today, I do not care anymore. I am completely unscrupulous, as long as I am able to take my vengeance, as long as I make those people pay the price, make them fear me, afraid of me. I will make them hear my name and be scared witless, hiding far away. They will not dare to make me as their enemy. I feel that this can already prove everything.”

“The matters in the past, in truth…” Mister Liu was about to say something.

Yan Buhui smiled in disdain, waving his hand. Drinking another three cups of tea in one gulp, he fiercely stood up, an aura of rejecting someone outside a thousand kilometers away. Calmly he said, “Fine, these pointless great teachings, pointless great principles, I have heard far too many times. From when I was small, I have heard far too many moral teachings like this. Yet I still cannot live out my life in a good way. Mister Liu, don’t say anymore. The Yan Buhui today is no longer the innocent scholar at Youyan Pass of the past.”

Mister Liu, hearing this, stopped what he was about to say. Finally, he could only let out a long sigh.

“Haha, after so many years, drinking Mister Liu’s tea is still a pleasurable matter. Today, your luck is not good. To escape to my place by coincidence and to mistakenly enter into my recovery formation. But I won’t kill you.” Yan Buhui stood up, laughing loudly. “Mister Liu, I’ll bother you with a matter.”

“Please speak.” Mister Liu let out a breath of relief in his heart.

Yan Buhui clearly said each word, “Please can you go tell Lu Zhaoge that if he wasn’t able to kill me this time, then he won’t have another chance in the future. In these tens of years, the progress of his martial cultivation is far too slow. If this continues on, then in another five years, he will not be my opponent anymore. At that time, our roles will be reversed. At that time, it is me who will hunt for him and kill him. I hope that at that time, he will be as lucky as I have been.”

An extremely powerful aura began exploding from Yan Buhui’s body.

The surroundings was smothered in an aura so powerful that it was inexplicable. Yuan qi was roiling, as if they were huge waves. The massive formation airship, was like a little raft bitterly struggling in tidal waves in such aura. It was as if it could be completely drowned at any instant. The people on the airship, including Liu Zongyuan, could not help but shiver and tremble, face filled with fear. This had nothing to do with their bravery. Their will and five senses was completely ruled by an instinctive pure fear and respect towards powerful beings.

“I will relay your words,” Mister Liu said seriously.

“Then go.” Yan Buhui flicked his hands.

Ye Qingyu gave him a glance, bringing Mister Liu and Xing’er back to the formation airship.

The formation airship slowly began to activate. Just as it was about to fly and leave this ominous area…

At that time, Yan Buhui suddenly turned his head, his gaze like lightning, landing on Ye Qingyu’s body. “I’ve changed my mind. He stays behind.”

The person he pointed at was namely Ye Qingyu.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 158:


Chapter 159 – Scum

Ye Qingyu’s expression changed slightly.

Eh?

What was this?

It seemed like the person that he was pointing to was himself?

It really is me?

Shit.

In this entire process, that ominous person had clearly not even given Ye Qingyu a glance. He did not even take notice of me, why would he suddenly want me to remain behind? Could it be that it was because I’m pretending to be unafraid of death, and brought Mister Liu to the cloud with the White Horse wings, so therefore he took special notice of me? This is really too unlucky. That old fellow Mister Liu really dragged me down. If I knew it was like this, then I should have let Liu Zongyuan fly him to the cloud.

The Liu Zongyuan next to him suddenly had a cold shiver for some reason.

“You just said that you were going to let us go.” Mister Liu stared at Yan Buhui with a frown. “With your position today, could it be that you want to go back on your words?”

Yan Buhui’s expression was apathetic, his tone containing a hardness that could not be questioned. Indifferently he said, “The words I’ve said, can I not change it? I am not the fake gentleman that Lu Zhaoge is, what matters if I change my mind? Leave him behind, you can go. If you don’t want to go, then everyone can stay behind. Make your own decision.”

“This…” Mister Liu hesitated for a little. “How about this, I stay behind, and we can drink another cup of tea and reminiscence about old times. Let him go. With your currently position, why must you make it hard on a little child?”

“I feel his words are very correct,” Ye Qingyu quickly jumped out to supplement these words into the conversation.

Mister Liu felt his vision darkening.

“Hahaha…” Yan Buhui began fiercely laughing loudly.

After he finished laughing, he did not even give Ye Qingyu a glance, but only stared at Mister Liu for a short while. There was a pale disdain in his gaze. “The [Painting Saint] Mister Liu, is really a top character in the great [Army of Youyan Pass]. Although you have always been low key, but the Demon Race has long been placed at a disadvantage by you on the bounty list of the [Southern Incline Legion]. your name is ranked in the top twenty. If I kill you and bring you back to the Demon Court, this can be counted as a great contribution, but…” As he said to here, Yan Buhui smiled, “But in my eyes, even ten Mister Liu’s value is not worth even one of this young man.”

Mister Liu hearing this, did not have anger from being underestimated. He only shook his head, “You have evaluated wrongly. Patrolling envoy Ye has only been here for a month’s time.”

“That’s right, that’s right…” Ye Qingyu quickly chimed in.

But he was ignored once again.

Yan Buhui was calm and serious as he said, “Some people, even if their name is even more famous, as long as one sees them, they will feel that they are only just so. Under their fame, they are unimpressive. And there are some people that even if you have never heard of them before, but you can sense how terrifying they are the first time you see them.” He swept his glance across Ye Qingyu. There was a hint of admiration contained within his eyes. “From my eyes, this young man is the latter. Even though his wings have not yet fully grown, but I can already see some things on his body. If I leave him be, in the future he will be the great calamity of the Demon Race. Why not get rid of him early.”

Mister Liu hesitated.

Yan Buhui looked at him, smiling but not smiling, saying again, “And according to my knowledge, Mister Liu you are not a practitioner of Buddhism. You would never show sentimentality for people of no value. This time you are willing to swap yourself for this young man. Haha, I think that even you have seen through the potential of this youth?”

Mister Liu stared at Yan Buhui for a long time.

He knew that he had lost once again in front of his previous friend.

In reality, ever since Ye Qingyu had comprehended the natural way from his paintings, [Spirit Raising] in one night, Mister Liu already had a completely new perspective of this youth. Then afterwards, Ye Qingyu’s performance as he killed the enemy was fearsome and valiant, making the [Painting Saint] realize that he had estimated Ye Qingyu wrongly initially. He had not seen the value of this piece of rough jade at the very first instance. He was somewhat regretful that he had brought Ye Qingyu to such a dangerous place. If they lost such a genius, then it would be a huge loss for the entire Youyan Pass, even the entire Snow Country.

But right now…

Yan Buhui’s gaze, would also be so poisonously sharp.

Seeing that Mister Liu did not continue to speak, Yan Buhui continued on, “This time, Mister Liu, you’ve entered alone deep into the Explosive Snow Glacier. I don’t think I need to state the reason for your excursion. If my guess is not wrong there should be maps of the [Southern Incline Legion] on the Explosive Snow Glacier military, about their military arrangements and the terrain within the formation airship . For Lu Zhaoge, this should be something that he dreamed to have in his dreams, haha…”

Mister Liu’s expression greatly changed.

Liu Zongyuan was shaken, subconsciously clenching the long blade at his waist.

“Haha, no need to be nervous. Those maps will count as my present to Lu Zhaoge. What matters if you bring it away. I long for the day that Lu Zhaoge really brings the [Army of Youyan Pass] to the Explosive Snow Glacier and do battle with me and not hide throughout the day in the turtle shell of Youyan Pass…” In the words of Yan Buhui, there was a surge of dominance and confidence that normal people could hardly understand. Blandly he said, “The value of these maps, from my perspective, is not as high as this youth. Therefore, the maps you can bring away, but you must leave him behind.”

These words were resolute and decisive.

Without the slightest possibility of negotiation.

Mister Liu understood Yan Buhui’s personality. He knew that since he had said such words, there was no possibility of change anymore.

If he continued to argue, then most likely the other people on the formation airship could not leave either.

But in Mister Liu’s heart, he really was not willing to abandon this peerless unpolished gem Ye Qingyu.

The atmosphere, seemed desperate and solemn.

The gaze of Liu Zongyuan and the others when they looked at Ye Qingyu held both pity and helplessness.

Mister Liu let out a sigh, about to attempt for the last time…

But —

“Fine!”

An excited noise sounded out on the formation airship.

The previous covering and hiding Ye Qingyu suddenly had a smile on his face. Stepping forward and giving out a thumps up, he waved his hand towards Yan Buhui.

“Haha, Yan Buhui is it? Good, this is far too good. In reality, no one has ever praised me like so before. But I cannot deny that your praise is the most sincere and creative. Haha, you are really making me burst with joy. Since you have so sincerely praised me, then if I don’t stay behind, it is far too boring. It is decided then. They can leave, I’ll stay behind.”

The expression of Demon King Ye was excited and delighted.

As if he was a little child that had been praised to over the moon, a trace of embarrassed red really appearing on his face.

Yan Buhui was taken back.

It was the first time an expression of surprise had appeared on his face since he had materialized.

Even Mister Liu and Liu Zongyuan stared numbly at Ye Qingyu. The student Xing’er barely suppressed his urge to feel Ye Qingyu’s head, to confirm if this fellow was burning with fever and speaking nonsense.

“Patrolling envoy Ye, you…” Mister Liu panicked, about to say something.

Ye Qingyu waved his hand, an expression of that it was all for the greater good. Generously saying, “Mister Liu, no need to say anymore. He regards me as so important, how can I not cooperate with him. No need to care about me, one of my life in exchange for the lives of everyone is very worth it.”

Everyone on the ship instantly become moved.

This was a true brave warrior.

What a selfless spirit.

If I don’t enter into hell, who would enter in hell. Patrolling envoy Ye was really a true and fearsome soldier.

Those soldiers that were somewhat more emotional than the others already had wet tears on their face.

Those soldiers who displayed their emotions on the inside gave Ye Qingyu the standard military salute.

But who would have guessed that Ye Qingyu’s countenance would quickly change, laughing, “Besides, I may not really die if I stay behind. If I really reach the end, I still have an ultimate move that will definitely save me.”

“What ultimate move?” Liu Zongyuan’s eyes brightened.

Ye Qingyu rubbed his jaw, shamelessly grinning, “I can surrender… wahahah, since that person thinks so highly of me, I can choose to surrender. He shouldn’t kill me if so.”

As he finished.

There was silence between Heaven and Earth.

Liu Zongyuan nearly felt his vision blackening and falling to the metal plates.

Mister Liu could not laugh or cry. He had an urge to throttle this retard to death.

Those hot wet tears, those military salutes, those silent lowered heads, those wiping their armours and weapons and were praying because they were moved by the actions of that person, their emotions were instantly dispelled. The emotions of the soldiers disappeared like snow at the beginning of snow that had fresh piss poured on it. Not only did it disappear, it left a urine smell that made one mad…

The mouth of Yan Buhui, curled in an amused way after being taken aback.

Scum!

Nearly everyone had such a phrase appearing in the bottom of their hearts

The retard in front of them was he really the person that fought shoulder to shoulder beside them, that was hot blooded like a War God that killed demons along with them just before?

Could he have been furtively swapped out with a different person?

The originally tragic and solemn atmosphere was completely swept away in that instant.

Mister Liu kneaded his head, then turned and headed towards the cabin without looking back. As he walked, he said, “Start the airship, quickly start the airship. Let’s go.”

Ten breaths later.

The formation airship, like an arrow leaving the bow, like a startled rabbit, crazily disappeared in the far off skies.

“Eh? They’ve really left? This bunch of scoundrels, they really have no loyalty to their friends. To have really left…” Ye Qingyu kept staring as the formation airship disappeared in the sea of clouds, clenching his teeth and cursing at them.

Opposite him.

Yan Buhui stared fixedly at Ye Qingyu, his lips twitching several times.

He deeply breathed in a mouthful of air. Forcefully activating the martial heart he had cultivated for tens of years, he suppressed the urge to slaughter this scum into pulp, then said in ridicule, “What is it? Little fellow, do you regret staying behind?”

Ye Qingyu swept his gaze over him, saying in rage, “What’s the use of me regretting? You’re so fierce. Even if Mister Liu hesitates, the ultimate result will still be that I stay behind?”

“You can really let go of your grievances.” Yan Buhui used a gaze similar to a cat catching a mouse, regarding him in an undisguised fashion.

Ye Qingyu did not pay attention to him. His gaze flickered around, evaluating his surrounding environment. He had an expression that he was currently planning something.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 159:


Chapter 160 – See You

“You don’t need to waste your efforts. My yuan qi space domain is a thousand meters in range. You cannot escape at all.”

“A thousand meters?” Ye Qingyu smiled a little, nodding his head roguishly. His gaze kept flickering about. With his arms crossed, he regarded the opposing party. “Fine, it seems I really can’t escape… Let’s speak of the proper matter, why must you have me stay? Could it be that it was because of my peerless martial talent, is really like the will o wisp in a gloomy cemetery that cannot be hidden? It’s been discovered by just one glance by you…”

A will o wisp in a cemetery?

Just what kind of nonsensical analogy was this?

“Young man, be more serious. If you continue using such a tone to speak to me like this, I will kill you.”

The expression of Yan Buhui became icy cold.

In that instant, the surrounding yuan qi seemed to consolidate. A coldness that seeped into one’s bones spread throughout the air.

He had truly been angered.

Because he was able to tell that what was hidden behind the laughter and chuckle of Ye Qingyu was a heart that did not fear him in the slightest.

In these past tens of years, Yan Buhui had seen far too many people that thought themselves as brave and heroic. But the large majority of these people were forcefully faking it. They were just showing strength on the outside but weak on the inside. Just a look at them was enough to make someone laugh and feel disgusted. But Ye Qingyu was not afraid. Not only was he not afraid, he held a mockery and disdain that he did not hide at all.

“Fine, no need to be so fearsome.” Ye Qingyu lifted both of his hands. “I’ll be serious then. You’ve specially wanted me to stay behind, just what do you want from me?”

Yan Buhui deeply breathed in.

He did his best to control his killing intent.

Even he did not know why, but when in front of this youth, his emotions could not help but be affected. But he was finally able to control and suppress his killing intent. Staring at Ye Qingyu, he said word by word, “Follow me, I won’t kill you.”

Ye Qingyu let out a snort. “After half the day, you really want me to surrender.”

Yan Buhui did not say anything.

He was waiting for Ye Qingyu’s reply.

“Eh, to speak the truth, you have spent all these years alone among the Demon Race, do you not feel lonely and isolated? Therefore, you wanted to find a person to follow you?” There was a nosy expression on Ye Qingyu’s face, and he said jokingly, “But I am a man. Why can’t you find a woman to follow you?”

In the pupils of Yan Buhui, killing intent and cleverness flickered past.

But he instantly began to smile.

“I was nearly angered by you.” He seriously evaluated Ye Qingyu up and down asking, “I’m really curious, just what kind of things do you possess that makes you think you will be able to escape from my hands?”

The smile on Ye Qingyu’s face instantly retreated.

“Eh, you were able to see this?”

The two people chattered away.

…… ……

The formation airship swept past the arc of heaven like a ray of light.

In the blink of eye, the area controlled by the [Army of Youyan Pass] could be seen far away.

“Superior, are we really going to abandon patrolling envoy Ye?” Liu Zongyuan asked somewhat emotionally.

He turned his head to look back several times, as if he was going to witness a miracle and that fellow was going to catch up at any moment. But time and time again he was disappointed.

Mister Liu’s expression was calm. “What can we do apart from that?”

“But… but…” Liu Zongyuan said several buts, but ultimately he could not say anything.

Because he was clear in his heart that under such conditions, apart from leaving Ye Qingyu behind, there was not any other choice. If they went against Yan Buhui’s will, not only would Ye Qingyu be unable to return, but everyone on the airship would also die. What was more important was that those precious maps would also be lost. They had to choose the lesser of two evils. Abandoning Ye Qingyu was absolutely the most logical choice.

“Ye Qingyu is not definitely going to die.” The Xing’er who had not spoken suddenly opened his mouth.

“Ah?” Liu Zongyuan was taken aback, then instantly said in an astonished tone, “Could it be that Xing’er really thinks he is going to surrender? I feel that he is not that type of person.”

Xing’er smiled and shook his head. “Officer Liu, don’t be fooled by that person. From my perspective, his final nonsensical words seem like he has gone crazy, but his motive is very simple. It is to make us not tarry any longer, to quickly leave from there. I feel that patrolling envoy Ye is using his own special method to hint at us to not worry about him, and that he has a method to handle Yan Buhui…”

“How is this possible?” Liu Zongyuan exclaimed.

Even if his head was damaged, he would not think this was possible. That in front of a top class terrifying expert like Yan Buhui, the Ye Qingyu who was just at the Spirit spring stage would be able to escape.

There was a faint smile appearing on Mister Liu’s face. “An abnormal person cannot be evaluated using a normal way of thinking. In the past I could not see through Yan Buhui, right now I similarly cannot see through Ye Qingyu. He thinks that he has a way to handle it. In truth, if you think carefully, just how many inexplicable matters has appeared on this child? I feel that Xing’er’s words are correct. The stance and tone of patrolling envoy Ye then was evidently telling us to quickly leave and that he has a plan.”

Liu Zongyuan hearing this, could only shake his head with a bitter smile.

His concern had caused him to lose his composure. At that time, he was really worried for Ye Qingyu, so he had not considered so much.

He only just understood, that the reason Mister Liu ordered the formation airship to leave was because of this point.

Liu Zongyuan turned his head to look back at the path they travelled for the last time.

“I hope that he can really return safely.”

He prayed in his heart.

…… ……

“You intentionally said so much, is it because you wanted to anger me. In reality, you wanted to buy time for Liu Yuqing and the others. You have confidence you can escape from me? But I really can’t see any way you can escape, unless…” There was a suspicious expression on Yan Buhui’s face. “Unless you have an unlimiter divine talisman, otherwise it’s impossible. But just how precious is the unlimiter divine talisman. Furthermore, I completely cannot sense the existence or aura of the unlimited talisman on your body.”

“So the name of Mister Liu, is called Liu Yuqing. This is somewhat feminine… you’ve guessed right.” Ye Qingyu smiled. “I really don’t have anything called the unlimited talisman.”

Yan Buhui nodded his head. “Then you…”

Ye Qingyu let out a chuckle. “But you’re wrong about one thing. It is not only the unlimiter talisman that can break through your space formation… have you heard of a thing called flash before?”

“Flash? What is it?” Yan Buhui was taken aback.

Ye Qingyu began to have a faint smile.

He laughed very happily.

Then his body slightly faced upwards. He waved at Yan Buhui in a confident and at ease fashion.

Xiu!

A pale silver-coloured light flashed by on his body.

The next instant, Ye Qingyu had disappeared from his original position.

“What?” Yan Buhui was shaken.

At that instant, he did not sense the slightest trace of yuan qi fluctuation nor did he sense any power of formations. With his cultivation realm, with his experience and with his vision, he really could not see through just what kind of method Ye Qingyu used to disappear from his eyes. He could confirm that this was not a concealment or invisibility technique, because not even a speck of dust could evade from his senses. But right now, he could not even sense Ye Qingyu’s existence.

After a huge shock, there was a shred of a smile on Yan Buhui’s face.

“Interesting, really interesting. Who would have thought that such a person would appear in Youyan Pass.”

He smiled slightly, and did not chase after.

On one hand, the injuries he had sustained this time was not light and the sealed space formation he had created was, in truth, used to hide from the attacks of the [War God of Youyan Pass] and the other experts of the Human Race. And on the other hand, Yan Buhui felt that even if he managed to catch up to this youth, he could not harden his resolve to kill him. Vaguely, Yan Buhui could already see a shadow of himself on Ye Qingyu.

Such an interesting fellow was already very rare. If he killed him in just one stroke, would it not be such a waste?

Yan Buhui returned and lazily inclined back onto the white cloud.

“The wind will destroy the tree that grows higher than the forest. Ye Qingyu is it? I will see just how long you can endure in Youyan Pass… those treacherous hypocrites, when they witness the appearance of a genius that can threaten them, how can they remain indifferent? The things that happened to me in the past, most likely you will also experience. At that time, I will see, if you will still stand by their side so determinedly like today. ahahahaahahah…”

He closed his eyes.

A nap in ten years.

The heart sutra Yan Buhui cultivated in was called the [Great Dream Heart Sutra].

……

If Ye Qingyu knew that after he had escape, Yan Buhui did not have the intention to continue chasing, he would definitely curse and shout.

Because after activating the [Flash formation] in the [Fiendgod Titled Chart], he had considered just where he could escape to so that Yan Buhui would not instantly discover him and catch up. There was a very long period of time needed to activate the [Flash formation] for the second time so he only had once chance. The direction he chose to flash was not towards the Youyan Pass, nor was it back North.

He chose to go downwards, directly entering the Snow Dragon Den.

The Snow Dragons had extremely powerful and strong territorial perceptions. And their body was extremely tough, excavating a labyrinth underground that extended everywhere. It was filled with various types of dangers. Yan Buhui had also been injured so he would most likely not chase after into such an environment.

Of course, the most important point was that the Ye Qingyu who thought himself very clever reckoned that Yan Buhui would never imagine he would choose such a place to flee.

Xiu!

Flash ended.

Ye Qingyu appeared in an underground ice cave.

“I’ve really arrived at the Snow Dragon Den”

He stabilised his mental state, carefully observing. He was able to sense a rich and dense demonic qi surrounding the entire underground ice cave.

“This should be the demonic qi of the Snow Dragons. These passages and caves, like a mine, should be the traces left behind by the movement of the Snow Dragons through the ice.” Ye Qingyu carefully observed his environment.

The environment was similar to the underground ice cave below the hundred broken mountains. It was just that the ice passageways curved and split even more, like an underground maze. The sensation it gave Ye Qingyu, was as if he had entered into a massive ant hive. Thankfully he did not encounter a hibernating Snow Dragon, otherwise the situation would be even more dangerous. Ye Qingyu guessed that this should be the outer territory of the Snow Dragon’s den, therefore he could not see the hibernating Snow Dragons.

No matter what, this was far more hopeful than being in the hands of Yan Buhui.

“What I need to do next is to think of a method to find the direction and utilize the holes and passages left by the Snow Dragons to directly travel to the Southern border of the Explosive Snow Glacier. However the underground passageways of the Snow Dragon are far more complicated and massive than what it seems like from far away… Damn, I’ve really been pushed to the edge this time. I can only hope that the Snow Dragons are obediently sleeping away, and not to come out randomly. I am only passing by…”

Ye Qingyu prayed in his heart.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 160:


Chapter 161 – Eat… Yummy!

Boom!Boom!Boom!

The whistle of the wind was like that of a gale. It came from deep within the passageway.

In this underground ice space, there was wind passing through it. This was different from the underground ice cave of the hundred broken mountains.

At this time, Big Head suddenly crawled out from Ye Qingyu’s chest. He climbed onto Ye Qingyu’s shoulder and evaluated his surroundings.

Ye Qingyu began kneading Big Head’s head, and could not help but jokingly reprimand, “When that fierce person Yan Buhui was here, just where did you die to? You little trash, hiding when there’s danger and only coming out when it’s safe. You can eat so much, I’ve really raised you in vain.”

“Wuwu…” The little fellow rubbed his head against Ye Qingyu in an attempt to curry favour, then extended his little tongue panting, as if he was apologizing. Suddenly he jumped down from Ye Qingyu’s shoulders, his two hind legs bouncing and jumping about. Shaking his tail, he headed forward, deeper in to the passageway. In an instant, he disappeared into a far off corner of the crystal passage.

“Eh? I reprimanded you slightly, and you want to run away from home?” Ye Qingyu was shocked by Big Head’s action.

Could I have hurt the self-esteem of this fellow?

He’s only a dog, can he please not have such strong self-esteem.

Ye Qingyu was about to rush after him. Thankfully the silly dog Big Head returned after disappearing for a bit.

The glutton turned around to look at Ye Qingyu, still having a countenance of trying to please Ye Qingyu. In his glistening large eyes there was pure innocence written within. He seemed to be giving a signal to Ye Qingyu through his eyes, shaking his head and wagging his tail. The expression in his large black and white eyes was extremely nimble and flexible, indicating that Ye Qingyu should follow him. This was evidently saying that he would lead the way for Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded for a moment, then followed after.

Could this fellow really know the path?

But he had evidently never been here before.

But no matter what, this was the first time the stupid dog wanted to do something of his own initiative.

Recalling Big Head’s mysterious history, Ye Qingyu ultimately decided to believe him. He followed after.

Big Head hopped about in a cheerful and lively way.

He was like lightning jumping about. Sometimes he would sniff the air in the crystal passageway, as if he was discerning something. Every time they encountered a split in the corridor, he would seriously sniff, then choose a passageway from among the choices. He seemed to be discerning for real, not blindly walking and relying on luck. The most important point was that this man and dog pair had walked for fifteen minutes, but they had still not yet encountered any Snow Dragons.

“Eh? Can he really recognize the path?”

Ye Qingyu was delighted.

This was a harvest that was out his expectations.

People said that old horses recognized the way. Who would have thought that little dogs could also lead the way?

“Hahaha, who would have thought that a little thing like you really had the senses the lead the path.” Ye Qingyu quickly followed behind, praising Big Head.

“Wuwu!” The little fellow, upon hearing his master’s praise, became even more excited. Big Head rapidly ran two circles around Ye Qingyu then rubbed his head against Ye Qingyu’s leg. He continued to lead the way.

Very quickly, the man and dog pair walked on for another hour.

Within the passageway, the sounds of the wind became louder and louder.

The sounds of the wind were like thunder. It was as if within the depths there was a terrifying lightning storm that was currently forming.

The fierce wind rushed out from within the corridor, coming at them like blades. There were also some scattered ice crystals mixed inside the wind. Clustered tightly, these fragments struck against the icy walls. It was as if in the icy underground there was currently a fearsome snowstorm brewing. Snowflakes completely covered the air, the crystals perfect. It was like there were bright blades in the darkness that came whistling towards them. The hardness of these ice crystals were like steel. When it struck the icy corridor, it would leave a paper white crack that instantly disappeared.

“This gale is too terrifying. The snowflakes are like hidden weapons. Martial artists at the level of the ordinary stage have no way of surviving in such an environment. Their skin will definitely break open and their flesh shredded if they are struck by the ice fragments.”

Ye Qingyu casually grabbed at the ice crystals coming over straight at him, his wrist moving. He sensed the force contained within these projectiles and could not help but tremble with apprehensiveness.

Activating his inner yuan, an invisible barrier began to appear around his body. The torrential rainstorm of ice crystals that came at him were all rebounded.

Big Head was not afraid in the least in such a terrifying explosive snowstorm. The icy crystal snowflakes would barely just brush past his adorable little figure every time. It was as if they would never touch him.

They both continued on forward in such an explosive snowstorm.

As they walked further and further, Ye Qingyu felt that something was increasingly strange.

“That’s not right. According to logic, the air underground should be in a still state. It should not be moving so rapidly but why is there such a terrifyingly explosive snow storm in the ice passageway… could it be that we are about the reach the exit and there is an opening to a windy terrain outside?”

Ye Qingyu thought silently. His heart could not help but become more cautious.

But Big Head became more and more excited. He jumped about in front, running faster and faster.

Ye Qingyu could not help but rush to chase after.

Another fifteen minutes passed.

The explosive snow storm became larger and larger.

Even with Ye Qingyu’s current strength, he also felt that he needed to expend more energy to continue.

He could not help but activate his inner yuan with his full power, walking forward step by step. The speed at which they travelled became slower. and the snowstorm within the ice crystal corridor became greater, completely terrifying. If this was on the plains, it would most likely instantly uproot trees with a thousand years of age. If an army fought in such an environment, it was very possible that the army would meet the fate of complete annihilation.

“Wuwuwu…”

In front of him came the excited yelps of Big Head.

Ye Qingyu quickly rushed forward.

The snowstorm in front rapidly strengthened. He forcefully rushed past then Ye Qingyu felt his body lighten and the vision in front of him brightened.

Ye Qingyu fell to one side, the weight of the gale disappearing. Carefully examining, he discovered at the end of the ice crystal corridor there was an incomparably huge crystal space below him that appeared in front of Ye Qingyu’s eyes. The width and length was a thousand meters long, as if it was a palace for a giant. The place he was in right now was a smooth and flat ice rock, and in the far off space there were two massive ice cyclones that unendingly circulated and wriggled, as if they were two silver dragons. Finally, these cyclones brushed past Ye Qingyu’s body, rushing towards the icy corridor that he had just burst out from.

As he looked downwards from the two icy crystal tornadoes…

Ye Qingyu was suddenly fiercely dumbfounded.

“What is this… My heavens, could it be… a Snow Dragon that is currently sleeping?”

In the bottom of the space, there was a gigantic white object silently laying there. Its body was coiled like a white city wall, roughly the length of a thousand meters, ultimately curled up like a python. It was like an ice and snow mountain range that gave off an indescribable visual impact. If one carefully examined, one would discover that the shape of this leviathan was similar to a dragon. There were silver crystal dragon scales clustered on its body. Because it was coiled, one could not see the dragon claws, but the head of the dragon could clearly be seen, as if it was a true dragon. In legends, the divine dragon had the face the shape of a horse, a hog’s nose, ox’s lips, antler horns and the tassels of a prawn. The Snow Dragon did not seem much different from this…

And the ice crystal gale was namely being breathed out from the snout of the Snow Dragon.

So the gale, was created as a result of its breathing.

Terrifying!

Just what kind of life form was this.

Even if he had seen the shape of the Snow Dragon in the diagrams of books before, it was after all just a picture. At this time, seeing a live Snow Dragon appearing in front of his eyes, Ye Qingyu was very fiercely shaken.

Huge, mysterious, noble, powerful…

There were countless descriptions that flashed by in the mind of Ye Qingyu.

And then his reaction was to quickly use the time to run away.

In the underground icy layer, to encounter a fully grown adult Snow Dragon, even experts of a class like Yan Buhui would have a headache. This was even more so for Ye Qingyu.

Once they were discovered, they would instantly be crushed.

But the next instant, Ye Qingyu realized that the Snow Dragon in front of his eyes had not yet discovered them.

It was currently sleeping.

In legends, the Snow Dragon was a special life form. Not only did it live most of its life within the ice layers, two thirds of its life and above was also spent slumbering. Unless it must come out because it was time to feed or to reproduce, it would not be willing to awaken. The majority of the time in its long life was spent in sleep.

If nothing happened that threatened the life of the Snow Dragon, it would not be very willing to wake up even if it was disturbed by the noise.

“Wuwu…” Big Head jumped excitedly, his nose pointing at the slumbering dragon below them. He completely had the manner of someone taking credit for an achievement.

Ye Qingyu bit his teeth, giving off a killing intent as he stared fixedly at this stupid dog.

You fraudulent blockhead.

I let you lead the way to avoid the Snow Dragons and to leave from here, but instead you really followed the smell of the Snow Dragon, and brought me in front of a live Snow Dragon that was currently hibernating.

Bastard, do you want to murder your master?

Could it be that I have mistreated you, and not given you enough things to eat?

Ye Qingyu really wanted to rush over and throttle this stupid dog to his death.

Who would have guessed that as the stupid dog bounced and jumped with his nose pointing at the slumbering Snow Dragon, a strange tone would come from his open mouth.

As Ye Qingyu heard this, it was as if he was struck by thunder. He was completely dumbfounded.

The stupid dog looked with confusion at his master, then repeated himself, “Wuwu, eat, yummy…”

Ye Qingyu stood where he was for tens of breaths of time, and then was like a bunny that had its tail stepped on, jumping up immediately. Then he instantly grabbed Big Had. He inspected and pinched him from his head, to his neck, to his belly, saying in a flabbergasted manner, “What did I hear, did you speak? You really spoke, when did you learn to speak human… you… demon!!”

Big Head really learned how to speak the human language.

It was something that Ye Qingyu would not even have dreamed about.

“Wuwu, hurts…” Big Head was nearly kneaded into a ball by Ye Qingyu, bitterly struggling, his throat saying another word.

Ye Qingyu looked at him like he saw a ghost. Only a while later did he really believe that this fellow really would speak.

It had become a ‘jing*’.

Could it be that the reason he had eaten so much before was to accumulate enough energy to evolve after it hibernated?

Thinking about this, Ye Qingyu instantly became enraged.

Bastard.

After eating so much what was evolved was really such a useless ability. Hey, I raised you as a battle companion, why don’t you evolve other abilities like flight and burrowing through earth. Leading me on the wrong path is fine, but what is the use of you speaking? Could it be that when I am fighting against enemies, that I have to rely on your mouth to mock the enemy?

This was really a failure of a battle companion.

After Ye Qingyu’s huge shock passed, what followed was an even greater disappointment.

But very evidently, the cute Big Head had not noticed the thousands of curses from his master.

With great difficulty, he jumped from Ye Qingyu’s palm, pointing at the Snow Dragon below. Like he was claiming credit for his accomplishment, he said, “Eat, yummy…” *a lifeform that gained intelligence

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

