Chapter 877:


Chapter 894 - How Could This Happen (1)


As one of the divine techniques of the bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart], the [Eyes of the Void] could not only be used to kill enemies, but it also had the ability to see through disguises. With his current cultivation and strength, one look from him and Chaos could grow secretly while Yin and Yang could be differentiated. The black-hooded cloaked figure facing him did not have a chance to hide at all. Ye Qingyu's lightning eye beam completely unveiled that man's true features.

"Well, if it isn't the homeless stray." Ye Qingyu retracted his eye beam and said coldly, "Supervisor Huang Tayun, I have searched high and low for you, only to find you when I least expected to."

Opposite him—

The black-hooded cloaked figure revealed his face.

He was one of the previous supervisors of the residence of Sunrise City’s City Lord, and he was also the one that had given the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps a hard time at the Wall of Storm during the grading process. This man was Huang Tayun.

Ye Qingyu had been secretly searching for this man and was surprised to see that Huang Tayun had joined forces with the Dragon Human Race.

"No wonder the Third Princess of the Dragon Human Race intercepted me so quickly. I did not deliberately hide my tracks when I returned from the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain this time, but that didn't mean that it would be easy for the Dragon Humans to track me down. It makes sense now since I'm sure you would have a few men here after being in the residence of the City Lord for such a long time. If the previous supervisor of Sunrise City's City Lord joined forces with them and your men saw me visiting Lord Shangguan Wu, then you would have received news of that…" Ye Qingyu had found the answer to his final question.

After news of Huang Tayun's deeds at Sunrise City got out, he could no longer stay within the city. He pretended to flee and became a homeless stray. Naturally, he would not have dared to return. Thereafter, he joined forces with the Third Princess of the Dragon Human Race for some reason. Huang Tayun must have played a major role in providing the Third Princess and her accomplices with such accurate updates on Ye Qingyu's movements.

Ye Qingyu had long wanted to kill this chief culprit but he had not managed to track him down yet. He had not expected to see him again under such circumstances.

Opposite him—

Huang Tayun lifted his tattered hood to reveal the evil and menacing gaze in his eyes. His face was savage as he bit out, "Ye Qingyu, we are sworn enemies after you killed my nephew, and I have been unable to sleep easy since then. Today shall be the day you die. I will make sure you suffer until you are begging for death. Hahaha!"

Ye Qingyu scoffed and chose to remain silent.

However, the disdain and killing intent in his eyes spoke louder than words.

One of the five people with the powerful auras finally spoke up.

"Alright. We are not here to waste time arguing so why are we spending so much time talking to this thief? We should first take him down. The time to deal with him can come later." That man slowly took one step forward and the powerful surging aura around him turned out to be billowing demonic qi. This was a Saint realm expert of the Demon Race, also known as a Demonic Saint.

At the same time, the other four people also slowly approached Ye Qingyu.

Their auras were all different and there were experts of the Demon Races and also of other foreign races, but the one thing they had in common was that they were all Saints. At the very least, from the aura that surged out of them, it showed that they had achieved the Saint realm. Their auras welled up and covered the dark clouds in the sky. Their Saintly power was imposing and they activated the laws of the Saints. This destructive force then charged toward Ye Qingyu.

Clearly, these five Saints had joined forces to attack him.

Despite the fact that they were five against one, they still attacked with all their might. After all, during the battle at Falcon City, Ye Qingyu had demonstrated his ability to kill an evil Great Saint. There might have been an element of trickery in it, but this was also a display of might and luck. This ambush was extremely critical and they had to keep the fight short and sweet. They could not afford to waste any time.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 878:


Ye Qingyu did not move and conserved his energy as he waited.

Little Nine jumped from his shoulder and retreated a few steps until it was right beside the corpse of the retired emperor of the Dragon Human Race. Its gaze roved around and it barked out, "Woof. Master, you must put up a good fight. I will guard this body on your behalf, don't you worry…"

"If you dare to eat his body, I'll make sure that you go hungry for a year." Ye Qingyu replied without even sparing him a glance.

Little Nine was stunned, then he exclaimed in annoyance, "Master, is this what you think of me? Woof. What about the loyalty of a dog to its master?" It lay down on its stomach, a picture of distress. In reality, it was weighing the pros and cons of eating this half-step to a Quasi-emperor corpse against having to starve for an entire year.

Ye Qingyu ignored him.

The five Saint experts opposite him were only a hundred steps away.

Ye Qingyu's gaze swept past those five Saints and looked toward the quiet figures in the distance. These people were all clad in black-hooded cloaks that masked their features, and thus he was unable to identify them. However, he was sure that they were not weaklings. He knew that they must have been well-prepared since they had laid out this plan beforehand. They probably had a plan to counter his trump card, the [Red Lotus Hellfire].

This battle was bound to be very tough.

But Ye Qingyu was also not the same person that he had been in Falcon City.

The miraculous encounter in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain had caused his strength to surge significantly, especially his physical strength. It was now close to the Grand Completion. He now had the strength to go up against a Great Saint, so those people who were only in the Saint realm were nothing to him.

Ye Qingyu's lips curved into a smile at the thought.

He ignored the five Saints who charged at him, and his gaze fell like lightning, with a flash of iciness and killing intent, on Huang Tayun.

Huang Tayun felt Ye Qingyu's gaze on him. He stiffened, then his expression changed when he realized what was about to happen.

Before he could even move, everyone felt their vision go blurry.

The silver light from the Void flickered and Ye Qingyu suddenly disappeared without a trace. Those five Saints exclaimed in surprise but they were unable to stop him, for his figure seemed to have merged with the Void. He disappeared from where he was standing, and they could not detect any trace of his aura.

Astonishment filled the eyes of these five Saints.

Before they even moved to attack him, they had used their Saintly qi activity to lock in on Ye Qingyu. Even the most-expert fleeing technique would not be able to break free from their Saintly qi activity. Yet, Ye Qingyu had managed to make the impossible possible, and had truly managed to disappear.

The next moment—

A silver splendor twinkled in the Void beside Huang Tayun.

Ye Qingyu emerged from the splendor. His right palm was twisted in the shape of a claw and he reached out to grab Huang Tayun.

"You must be courting death… [Twilight Moon Broken Ax], break it!" Huang Tayun bellowed and his Saint qi surged all around him. Countless formations then transformed into the shape of a vicious wolf, and a broken ax with a mysterious glow appeared in his hand. He swung this ax that contained a piercingly sharp killing force at Ye Qingyu's claw.

No one expected Ye Qingyu not to dodge the blow as he allowed the mysterious broken ax to slash at his claw.

"Clang! Clang!"

There was a loud metallic clang when the ax hit his claw.

As sparks flew everywhere, several cracks appeared on the blade of the broken ax and it was immediately knocked backward. Huang Tayun felt a tremendous force surging toward him and his grip loosened on the broken ax as blood spurted out. He lost his grip on this broken ax and was sent flying….

He was almost as good as dead!

This [Twilight Moon Broken Ax] had been a half-Emperor weapon but it was then downgraded to a Saint weapon because it was broken. Nonetheless, it was extremely sharp and had the ability to cut gold and break jade. His master had bestowed this weapon unto him as a reward in recognition of his outstanding contributions. He knew that even a Great Saint could not face this weapon head-on, but he had not expected Ye Qingyu's palm to be as hard as divine gold. Cracks even appeared on his broken ax…

"Smack!"

There was a loud slap.

As Ye Qingyu's claw turned back into a palm, he gave Huang Tayun a resounding backhand slap and the latter blacked out. He felt like he had been hit by a mighty hammer on the right side of his face. Everything became a blur, his face lost all feeling and several broken teeth flew out of his mouth. He was thrown back like a tattered sack and flew toward the Third Princess and the others.

"How audacious."

"Over there…"

"Charge!"

Once again, the five Saints locked in on Ye Qingyu and moved as fast as lightning to attack, with no reprieve at all.

However—

"[Walking on the Void]," Ye Qingyu growled without even turning back.

The silver splendor of the Void flashed once again.

In the next instant, his figure disappeared into the Void in the exact same manner as before, and once again, no one could detect a trace of his aura. These five Saints had moved quickly but he had disappeared even before their attacks could hit him.

"How can this be?"

They were completely stunned.

At the same time—

"How can this be?"

The Third Princess of the Dragon Human Race, Huang Tayun, who was still sailing through the air, and the others exclaimed in unison.

He had appeared in front of the Third Princess almost instantly after he disappeared before the attacks from the five Saints could hit him. Once more, his palm turned into a claw and he pressed his claw downward. His movement seemed slow, but in reality, it was extremely fast. The Third Princess felt a mighty force surging at her and she was unable to block it at all. Then, his palm landed on her head and an icy force welled up to completely seal all the strength within her. He flung her aside. The Void rippled and flashed, then the Third Princess fell into the ripple just like a rock being thrown into a pond. The ripples spread, then she disappeared from view…

Huang Tayun had only sailed in midair for around a dozen meters and had arrived where the Third Princess had been, but he had yet to crash to the ground.

Ye Qingyu gave him another backhand slap.

Smack!

It was another resounding slap.

Huang Tayun was not in any position to retaliate at all and he was slapped on the other side of his face. This smack was so forceful that it changed the shape of his skull. He rotated madly in midair like a windmill and he was sent flying in the opposite direction. Blood spurted crazily through the air and he flew for a hundred meters before he crashed to the ground next to the retired emperor's corpse.

Simultaneously, the Void in front of Little Nine flashed and ripples appeared.

The missing Third Princess of the Dragon Human Race fell from the ripple in the Void and landed on the ground.

"Woof. That scared me." Little Nine jumped in fright and barked unhappily.

"Stop spouting nonsense. Guard these two properly for me," Ye Qingyu said.

The force of his slaps had knocked Huang Tayun out earlier and his limbs were still twitching violently. As for the Third Princess of the Dragon Human Race, her strength had been sealed by Ye Qingyu so she could not even put up a fight. This made Little Nine's job a lot easier.

The third wave of attacks from these five Saints charged toward him.

By capturing the Third Princess and Huang Tayun consecutively, he had gifted these five Saints with an opportunity to attack. The five terrifying forces that contained the Saintly power of laws smashed heavily against his back.

"We hit him!"

"He's definitely bound to die."

"Haha, I'd like to see how you're going to escape this time..."

The five Saints laughed heartily.

The attacks, which had different colors and different properties, exploded chaotically.

The dust that rose from the explosion had a chaotic and apocalyptic aura and it spread everywhere. Smoke and dust skyrocketed and engulfed everything in sight. No one could see anything.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 879:


Chapter 896 - Unstoppable


Before these five Saints had finished laughing, their laughter turned into exclamations of surprise and screams of pain in the next moment.

"What is… Ah!"

There was a loud scream and that Saint's blood splattered across the sky as a figure shot out from the dust and darkness. Half his body was missing as though it had been torn apart by a tremendous force and the body slammed against a mountain in the distance, smashing this mountain that was thousands of meters tall into smithereens upon impact. Rocks flew everywhere.

Everyone was completely stunned.

Before they could react, there was another angry bellow and an explosive sound rang out. This sound was so ear-deafening that it was like the rage of thunder and lightning. Then, another body flew out from the dust.

Blood and bones flew everywhere.

This body belonged to one of the five Saints. However, the lower half of his body was completely destroyed and he was just a mangled and grisly mess of blood. He flew out horizontally for thousands of meters and his blood spilled everywhere.

Everyone immediately realized that things had taken a turn for the worse.

Just then—

"Impossible!"

"What's happening?"

Two more angry yells rang out and there were unmistakable traces of alarm in their voices.

Then, a series of explosions rang out and terrifying soundwaves boomed across the surrounding area. It was as though an invisible hurricane had swept past and pulled up all the trees and flowers by their roots. For some reason, the dust within the circle where the fight was taking place grew thicker and the ground shook beneath their feet. The explosive sounds grew more frequent and there were many collisions in an instant, but through the thick dust cloud, they could make out the splatter of blood and countless weapons being broken and sent flying. It looked like a battle amongst ghostly spirits and the atmosphere was extremely frightening.

Nonetheless, these terrifying sounds of battle lasted for less than three breaths.

It ended abruptly, even before the others could even react.

The frightening explosive sounds ceased instantly as well.

The sudden silence caused everyone to tense up.

"Swoosh! Swoosh!"

Another two figures were sent flying from the dust cloud. One of the bodies had a hole right through his chest and landed limply on the ground. It was obvious that he was on the verge of death. As for the other body, his head had been blown off and his body was basically in pieces!

"That was Elder Zheng and Sky Demon!" Someone exclaimed loudly as though he had seen a ghost.

Then, a figure slowly emerged from the dust cloud. He stood tall and strong, his topless chest revealing his well-defined muscles that were as sharp as knives and axes but glowed like white jade, pure and crystalline. In his grip was a figure that writhed wildly. It was a giant Hell Wolf. Its body was like black metal, and every strand of fur on its body resembled black steel needles. Its tail shook madly and broke the barrier walls of the Void but it was still unable to free itself from that man's grip.

That man was obviously Ye Qingyu.

The strange dust cloud immediately disappeared, and to everyone's surprise, Ye Qingyu was completely unharmed. He turned his wrist slightly and with a loud crack, that black Hell Wolf's neck was broken. An icy, silver sword qi immediately entered its body and it was frozen stiff.

"Splat!"

Ye Qingyu threw this black Hell Wolf aside, then slowly stretched. A mysterious rumble of thunder, which sounded like the cry of a dragon or the roar of a tiger, rang out from his body. He looked extremely frightening, like a demonic beast that walked out from the prehistoric times.

"This... this... this..." That malicious Dragon Human Race elder looked like he had seen a ghost and his feet were rooted to the spot. His teeth rattled loudly and he felt a hair-raising chill shoot from his spine all the way up to his head, as though it was about to blow his brains out.

Dead silence fell upon the area and the rest of them were unable to return to their senses because they were too shocked by what they had just seen.

The Hell Wolf, which had been crushed as easily as a chick, was actually a Saint realm Demonic Race expert. Its tail could shatter the Void but it was unable to break free from Ye Qingyu's grip. The remaining four Saints were not new Saints who had just attained Saint realm but were battle-hardened Saints who had a wealth of experience in battle and were immensely talented. However, in a span of ten breaths, two were dead and three were seriously injured, unable to fight again…

All of the five Saints were injured or dead in an instant.

What was that level of combat strength?

Was it at the Great Saint realm?

How can this be? If the [Ice Sword Killing God] had been this powerful, he wouldn't have been in such a bad state during the battles of Falcon City and Chaotic Windstorms. If not for the Quasi-Emperor's Decree that protected him at the very last instant, he might have already died… Back then, Ye Qingyu clearly did not have such powerful combat strength. He was not even as powerful as a Saint back then. What about now? Is he at the Great Saint realm?

No one would find it believable even if word got out.

If someone mentioned this fact, the entire martial world would think that person was a lunatic.

However, this was the truth as they had witnessed it.

He had managed to maim or kill five Saints with a wealth of combat experience in the span of a few breaths and left two of them dead and three injured. The combat strength that he displayed could only be displayed by a Great Saint. Furthermore, everyone had clearly witnessed the attacks of the five Saints landing squarely on Ye Qingyu's back. Other than the fact that his shirt was torn, he was completely unharmed…

This was simply too astonishing.

Ye Qingyu did not give these people any chance to react. He spread his five fingers open and suddenly grabbed at the Void. His fingertips released a windstorm that swept through the Void, and those five windstorms were as strong as ropes that could trap Immortals. They swept up the malicious and greedy Dragon Human Race elder as well as the three Dragon Human Race experts that were with him.

"Nooo…" the malicious Dragon Human Race elder bellowed madly in despair.

He could be considered a half-step Saint and he was rather powerful, but he was rendered completely helpless when Ye Qingyu snatched him up. He was like a newly born chick in Ye Qingyu's palm.

"You're scheming, calculative, and full of malicious intent. You old dog, you are full of evil plots and schemes. I spared your life before at the Green Xuan Hall, so how dare you try to frame me… You deserve death."

The killing intent raged as wildly as flames in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

He had already declared this elder's death sentence with his words. As he exerted some strength in his palm with a bang, this malicious and greedy elder of the Dragon Human Race transformed into a bloody mist despite his wails for mercy. There was nothing left of him.

At the same time—

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

The remaining few Dragon Human Race experts all exploded in the same manner as their elder. In an instant, Ye Qingyu killed them all on the spot with his mighty strength.

At long last, those who remained finally reacted.

"Charge!"

Someone shouted slowly and a blue flying saber moved as fast as lightning to slash down toward Ye Qingyu's forehead.

Ye Qingyu scoffed softly. He then raised his hand to grab that blue flying saber with his bare hands and the saber broke into blue powder with a loud crack.

"Pfft… You… are a monster!" A mouthful of blood sprayed from that expert's mouth. That blue flying saber was his life weapon and it was at the Saint level, which meant that it was extremely hardy. Yet, Ye Qingyu had managed to break it with this bare hands. This was just too unbelievable. That expert was seriously injured when struck with the rebound force.

"[Walking on the Void]." Once again, Ye Qingyu used the divine technique from the [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. There was a flash of silver splendor as he instantly appeared in front of that expert and sent a punch toward him.

"Boom!"

Bloody mist burst forth.

That expert's body was smashed to pieces and his head was sent sailing through the air.

Astonishment was written all over his face. He had used all sorts of defensive techniques and brought out his Saint-level defensive weapon in a hurry, which should have been enough to stop the attacks of ten Saints at his own level if they had joined forces against him. He thought that he was impregnable, but this was still not enough to protect his physical body. He could only watch as Ye Qingyu's punch broke through all his defenses and smashed him to pieces…

How could such a powerful punch and palm exist in the world?

Ye Qingyu broke a Saint-level weapon with his bare hands.

What kind of heaven-defying physical skill was that?

This punch had instantly destroyed that expert's will of the martial way.

That experienced Saint realm expert's will of the martial way collapsed at that instant.

He had sustained serious injuries after his body was smashed but he was not dead. His blood and flesh instantly gathered together to form a new body but he did not have the courage to attack again. He turned in a ray of flowing light and fled down the mountain…

Ye Qingyu wanted to follow him but a mighty force suddenly descended onto his head.

"Thief, how dare you continue to be so arrogant? Die!"

A familiar voice rang out.

This voice was extremely evil and sinister.

A mysterious Black Moon aura spread out across the Void above him, and densely packed black martial formations spread everywhere to form a black full moon with a thirty-three-meter radius. It looked mysterious as though it was dyed with the blood of fiendgods, and the laws of the Great Saint turned to lock in on Ye Qingyu's figure. That [Black Demonic Blood Moon] charged toward Ye Qingyu at a speed that seemed slow, but in reality, it was moving extremely quickly.

The force of this attack was many times more terrifying than the attacks from the experienced Saint experts earlier.

"Haha, I was wondering who could this be. Zhong Yuan, you've been defeated by me before. You managed to flee with your life the previous time at Falcon City but you have refused to learn from your mistakes, old dog. How dare you try to plot to frame me? I guess just as a dog can't stop itself from eating shit, you can't change your bad habits." Ye Qingyu laughed loudly.

He could tell from the voice and from the martial aura of this attack that the person who had launched a surprise attack on him was none other than the Great Saint of the Black Moon Immortal Palace—Zhong Yuan.

Ye Qingyu did not dare to underestimate his opponent now that he was facing a Great Saint.

His body shook and a physical force that was comparable to a Great Saint burst forth. It shattered the power from the law of the Great Saint and he escaped the attacking range of the [Black Demonic Blood Moon].

"I can't afford a prolonged battle. This old dog, Zhong Yuan, is an experienced Great Saint after all. I'll be in trouble if he has weapons at the Great Saint level. If one or two more Great Saints appear to support him, it'll be hard for me to get out today. I might have the Quasi-Emperor's decree with me, which prevents me from dying, but if I am trapped or captured by my opponent, then I will be at a disadvantage. The Heaven Wasteland Domain will be in trouble if I'm forced to bear the blame for assassinating the retired emperor of the Dragon Human Race."

The moment he escaped the [Black Demonic Blood Moon], Ye Qingyu had formulated a plan.

This was not the time to engage in a fierce battle.

In any case, he had already captured the Third Princess of the Dragon Human Race and he also had the corpse of the retired emperor. He could make use of the evidence to stage a comeback in the future.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 880:


Chapter 897 - The First Big Incident in the past Thousands of Years


Ye Qingyu decided to retreat at the thought of that.

However, this old dog, Zhong Yuan, truly deserved death. He did not repent after the previous incident, but had instead gone down the path of evil. This was a clear representation of the Black Moon Immortal Palace's will and showed that they had not learned their lesson from the price they paid after ambushing the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps. Rather, they continued to do evil, without any sign of repentance.

Ye Qingyu decided to wipe out this Human Sect.

He had planned to go to the Black Moon Immortal Palace to settle their blood debts in the future but he only planned on killing their leader and did not intend to wipe out the entire sect... However, from the way things stood now, this Human Sect was evil to the core.

A sect like this had to be completely eradicated.

If this sect remained amongst the Human Race, it would become the cancer of the race.

"Old dog, just as the mountain remains green and as water keeps flowing, we are bound to meet again one day in future. I will destroy your Black Moon Immortal Palace, and then, you shall pay the price for your actions today and at Falcon City as well as in the Chaotic Windstorm."

Ye Qingyu quickly retreated.

He immediately moved to Little Nine's side and the [Cloud Top Cauldron] in his palm turned to unleash a suction force that swept the Third Princess of the Dragon Human Race and the retired emperor into it.

Huang Tayun, who was still knocked out, was also swept into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Little Nine jumped onto Ye Qingyu's shoulder without being needed to be told to do so.

Ye Qingyu turned into a stream of flowing light and tunneled toward the Void in the distance.

"Haha, thief, you won't be able to go anywhere today." Zhong Yuan chucked and a ray of splendor skyrocketed from his palm. Mysterious energy waves radiated everywhere, as though they were igniting something. Instantly, four pillars of light burst from the ground surrounding this lone peak and tore the heavens apart as they skyrocketed into the sky. These four pillars were located toward his front, back, right, and left, completely trapping him within this mountain.

This was a great formation.

Furthermore, this formation was formed by four Great Saint-level weapons that were placed at the four corners of this formation. The moment this formation was activated, the formation lines completely covered the sky to seal the heavens and the earth and kept all auras at bay.

This was a terrifying Quasi-emperor-level formation.

Ye Qingyu's figure crashed against the formation ripples in the Void. It was as though he had fallen into a soft, wide web and he dragged the formation lines forward by one hundred meters, but to his surprise, his momentum was disrupted. The formation lines everywhere were like springs that knocked him back toward the mountain!

Zhong Yuan laughed heartily.

"[Green Wind Black Moon]... attack!"

He bellowed, then a strange black moon-shaped weapon rose from behind him, like a demonic moon rising into the sky. It was led by Zhong Yuan's inner yuan to transform into a strange scene of Black Moon Rising From Cang Gorge. It rumbled violently and the chaos and murderous spirit it contained was a sign of a Great Saint's Saint-Weapon. This Saint-Weapon could stir up the killing forces of the universe to activate the most powerful force in this part of the world to ground Ye Qingyu's blood, bones, and yuan essence into a fine powder.

This black, moon-shaped Saint Weapon was one of the most precious items in the Black Moon Immortal Palace's strategic palace—the [Green Wind Black Moon]. This time, Zhong Yuan had made a request to the Black Moon Immortal Palace to loan him this item, which showed how much he thought of Ye Qingyu's strength as well as his hatred for him.

Including the four rays of Saint Weapon splendor from the four points of the formation, there were five Saint Weapons within a thousand-meter radius of this mountain.

This configuration would have frightened anyone.

"Damn, this old dog really went all out..." Ye Qingyu got a shock when he noticed the situation and his heart skipped a beat. He was now facing a Great Saint and five Saint Weapons. Such a death trap showed how wary Zhong Yuan was of his prowess.

He might not be able to flee this place even if he used [Walking on the Void].

These people had really taken all pains to devise this plan tonight.

Ye Qingyu knew that he would have been in trouble if it wasn't for the fact that his strength had surged significantly and that his physical strength was now comparable to a Great Saint. This then enabled him to defeat six Saints consecutively, kill those Dragon Human minions, and capture the Third Princess of the Dragon Human Race.

Nonetheless...

Not a trace of panic could be seen on his face.

Although this trap formation set up by a Great Saint and fortified by five Saint Weapons was frightening, it would not be able to trap him. After all, he had an incredible treasure that could help him flee. This was the ancient formation, [Flash].

"Haha, old dog, you have schemed and plotted, but as the saying goes, you plotted to steal a chicken but your bait was eaten instead. Thus, your plan is destined to backfire today. I will definitely kill you the next time we meet." Ye Qingyu laughed heartily, then he injected a wisp of yuan qi into the [Flash] formation within the bronze book.

Swish!

The next moment, Ye Qingyu disappeared in a flash of splendor.

"What?"

Zhong Yuan was shocked.

How can this be possible?

How did he manage to escape from such a formation?

Could he be hiding?

Zhong Yuan's divine sense swept out to merge with the entire formation. He scanned every inch within the formation but failed to discover a single trace of Ye Qingyu. That was when he was sure that Ye Qingyu had truly fled.

"Did I fail again?"

Zhong Yuan was unable to accept this outcome.

He had spent so much effort in planning this trap and this was the most crucial part of the entire plan. Everything had gone according to plan but such a big hiccup had now appeared in a plan that he was almost certain would succeed. Not only did he fail to capture or trap Ye Qingyu, several Saints were now dead or seriously injured. Most importantly, he had captured Huang Tayun and the Third Princess of the Dragon Human Race...

He had also taken the corpse of the retired emperor.

This was no longer something as simple as a failed plan.

This was a humiliation.

A complete humiliation.

Zhong Yuan bellowed angrily, then he sighed.

He could not understand what had gone wrong. This plan was as solid as an iron prison and even a peak Great Saint would find it hard to escape. Yet, why did it fail?

It didn't just fail, it was a complete failure.

Was Ye Qingyu truly blessed by the heavens?

How powerful was he?

Had he always been hiding his true strength?

Zhong Yuan heaved a helpless sigh as he kept the Saint Weapons. He felt like he was on the verge of tears for he did not know how he would be able to explain this failure to his lord.

"Woof. Master, why did you tell Zhong Yuan that he plotted to steal a chicken but his bait was eaten instead? Do you really think you are a chicken?" Little Nine asked curiously.

Ye Qingyu resisted the urge to kill this stupid dog.

It had been two hours since the battle at the lone peak and he had successfully fled from the Black Demon Abyss.

There was still a layer of cold sweat on Ye Qingyu's back, for he knew that if not for the miraculous encounter at the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain that caused his strength to surge tremendously, even if he managed to escape today, it would not have been an easy task. Nor would he have managed to capture Huang Tayun and the others.

He already knew that the supporting force of the Black Moon Immortal Palace was the Four Stars Sect, and now, the Dragon Human Race had formed an alliance with the Black Moon Immortal Palace to gang up on him. This showed that part of the Dragon Human Race had become part of the "camp" that the holy girl of the Four Stars Sect had mentioned.

This camp cut across three large sects, which would make it a formidable force indeed.

Ye Qingyu was not sure if the entire Dragon Human Race had completely gone over to this camp or if it was only the Third Princess and her evil cronies that had joined this camp. If it was the former, then the Heaven Wasteland Domain would be in danger. This camp could easily declare war on the Heaven Wasteland Domain by claiming that he had killed the retired emperor.

This would be such a logical reason that even the Alliance of Domains would not be able to stop the Dragonblood Dynasty from declaring war.

The retired emperor was already dead and he wondered where the reigning emperor of the Dragonblood Dynasty stood. He could only hope that the retired emperor had men that he trusted who would be able to do something.

He was sure of one thing.

Now that this so-called "camp" had made their move, they could not have spent so much time and effort simply to deal with him alone. Whatever happened today at the lone peak was likely just one part of a long and treacherous plan.

Their nefarious plan was slowly unfolding.

Therefore, news of the retired emperor of the Dragon Human Race's death would not be hidden just because he had fled. This camp would definitely embellish it and ensure that this news spread throughout the Vast Thousand Domains.

"I'll only be able to take things one step at a time for now."

Ye Qingyu sighed to himself.

He carefully hid his tracks along the way and did not dare to let down his guard. Ultimately, he was not discovered.

Things quickly turned out as Ye Qingyu had suspected.

In less than four hours, whatever transpired in the 16th district of the Black Demon Abyss spread incredibly swiftly and caused the nineteen cities on the Road of Chaos to explode with excitement, as though a landmine had exploded.

Everyone was astonished.

The Road of Chaos was buzzing with excitement.

All the forces were buzzing with this news and all kinds of rumors were flying around.

"Who did the [Ice Sword Killing God] kill this time?"

"I heard he assassinated the retired emperor of the Dragon Human Race as well as the left aide of the Dragonblood Dynasty, Xu Yunao, in a bid to steal the [Dragonblood Halberd]."

"Furthermore, I heard that the Third Princess of the Dragon Human Race has yet to be found. I'm pretty sure that he has captured her."

"I just don't think it is possible. The retired emperor of the Dragon Human Race had already become a peak Great Saint a thousand years ago, while Ye Qingyu is only a powerful young man who has emerged recently. Regardless of his immense talent, the gap in their strength is still far too wide..."

"Humph, you are clearly underestimating this Lunatic Ye. That kid is very scheming and had laid out a trap for the retired emperor. I heard news from the Black Demon Abyss that Ye Qingyu had already laid out a trap. He first pretended to disappear, forcing the retired emperor to go after him in search of the halberd, then bribed other experts to lay out a death trap, which resulted in..."

"No, no, no. Your information is inaccurate. What I heard from the Dragon Human Race was that after the retired emperor failed to have any further breakthroughs in his cultivation, his lifespan showed signs of being exhausted and his strength had dipped significantly to the Great Saint realm. This was his weakness that Ye Qingyu exploited."

"I guess that lunatic Ye Qingyu is most likely guilty of murder this time..."

"The Dragon Human Race is rich in resources and their strength cannot be underestimated. The Heaven Wasteland Domain is only a new domain, which means that this is like pitting an elephant against an ant. They are doomed."

"His greed really knows no bounds. He had already obtained so many treasures from the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss and now he even killed the retired emperor over some treasures. I'm afraid that the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain will have to perish alongside him..."

This news spread like wildfire throughout the major cities and was the talk of the town on the streets, in restaurants, teahouses, the various representative stations, and the hidden forces.

Everyone was all abuzz and it was said to be the first big incident in the past thousands of years.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

